user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198036654577,Recommended,446800,32053647,Posted: 29 May,all,dcarter6,"I am a 50+ year old man who is fascinated by ecomomy, simulation, strategy, type games and much to my chagrin, I am absolutely horrible at them. But I keep buying them, have a blast for like an hour or two until my economies or strategies start failing as they always do because I have a really hard time getting a grasp for all the intricacies of these type of games. Frankly, they make me feel stupid because I don't understand all the mechanics enough to play a decent game.When this game came along it was pretty much the same thing for me. But this game was a bit different. It was so beautiful and the trains and vehicles were breathtakingly fresh compared to most games. Zooming in on horse drawn carts moving around and gorgeous old European buildings was like being on a European vacation. Seeing people move around in the city made them seem alive. I was desperate to learn this game. So I went to Youtube and watched a video series about this game by a guy named Skye Storme. He basically started from scratch on a large map and just played for like 15 youtube sessions while explaining what he was doing in each session. It was amazing!!! I did not follow his plan but used many of his tips and tricks and suddenly some of my transportation lines were making profit. My cities started to grow. I would get 4 linked cities operating so well that I could move on to other cities and try to work these as well. I would spend entire weekends playing completely focused on the game, losing all track of time, whooping and hollering each time I had a profitable year, marvelling at the effiiciency of my transportation systems. I got better and better. Soon just having great transportation wasn't enough. Most of my cities were still poor. I began to expand my skills into building them up through commerce. Skye Storme's videos helped me through while allowing me to still maintain my own original plans. I began to experiment and it was so much fun...even when I would sometimes fail on some particular task.The game is amazing. You  can open windows to every vehicle running in the game, click a button and watch them as they travel and work. You can form terrain. As the years go by, you update to newer types of transportation and each new model that comes out is absolutely gorgeous. Old trains covered with brass that shines and shows reflections, neat looking automobiles that have character, Incredible ships and planes that you just want to follow around and stare at, Hundreds of mods for so many awesome trains and vehicles, I could go on and on.  You get announcements every few years in game of new vehicles and it's so exciting to buy them and watch them come out of depots or warehouses just to see what they look like and I'm never disappointed!The game isn't easy...it's challenging, but it's not ""beat your head against the table"" challenging...it's a fun challenge because you know  can usually spot your mistakes and you don't have to quit if you make one...you just suck up the losses for that year and try to get better and this aspect is one of the  most rewarding aspects. Even on easy mode, you risk losing money in any given year if your ideas don't work out like you thought, but you can always try to turn it around and  that's such a great aspect of this game. You never feel cheated or like the game is unfair. Usually you can spot your mistake and correct it by the following ingame year and cheer mightily as you start to see profits on thet failure of a hub the year before. You'll find yourself short of cash at times and have to borrow money. I've been five million in debt at times and it's a glorious feeling when the gamble you took on loans begins to pay off and you start paying back your debt! If you've ever been interested in this kind of game, buy it! Like I said...I'm terrible at these games normally, but this one is accessible if you study some youtube videos first or if you already have skills at this type of game. I hear the difficulty ramps up tremendoudly at hard and even medium mode for those who seek a challenge.I love this game. It's so well made and I feel like some mogul tycoon when everything is working properly and I'm seeing 100 people milling about at one of my train stations or see a beautiful new tanker I just purchased sailing out of port filled with resources or a wagon piled high with brick being pulled by two prancing horses, or seeing one of my farms so filled with grain that I decide to open a new line, or seeing some rare German plane from the 1930's soaring in the sky filled with passengers. I can't wait to play today!!Update: Still learning the game every day! One important factor I mess up on sometimes is that you must be certain to complete the path of products you are producing in order for your transportation lines to run properly. For instance: Train line to oil fields > send that line to a station at an oil refinery > send that line to either a city that uses fuel or a factory that uses oil > if you send it to a factory that uses oil to make products you must then add a line to a place that uses that product,  > You must then take the finished product to the town of your choosing. Skipping any of these stations will cause one of your producers to quit producing and you will lose money until you add the proper line.Another tip: Watch how many people you have at train stations and monitor how many are left after a train leaves filled with passengers. If the station consistently draws more passengers than you can carry, consider buying another train for extra profit. You can either install a second track (expensive) or use waypoints and signals to make two trains run efficiently on one track. (Much cheaper).Ships are awesome. I've had some profitable ship lines delivering products to cities that border rivers or lakes since you don;t need additional trucking routes to deliver them into the city. I usually put one truck depot near the dock and one near the business and industrial heart of the city and can usually turn a profit.Second update: After about a week of playing an hour or two every evening, I have built a very successful (for me) transportation system and I'm having a blast! My cities are filled with people. Cranes are constantly constructing new buildings and you never know what they will be until built which to me is way more exciting than actually choosing what to build. After all, I'm building the transportation lines not the housing and industrial complexes. It is so cool though to see a building come up and see it turn into a store or hotel. I'm into the 1900's now so I have early types of automobiles and trucks. They are so incredibly detailed and above all so neat looking. I also have awesome looking trains and they are getting really fast. Best of all for the first time I was able to quit borrowing money!! I paid off my loans and actually accumulated 2 million dollars! In the next day or so I'm going to link my grain fields to a plastics factory and also my oil wells to a refinery and then also to the plastics factoryso I can manufacture plastics to deliver to my city to boost the economy even more. This game is just awesome once you get the hang of it!"
,Recommended,446800,26519730,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,i'm doing asbestos i can,"One thing that makes me mad the most in any game is people ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the game who are either bad at it or just straight up don't know how it works and cannot be bothered figuring out what they are doing wrong and instead blame the game. Here are some of the most ridiculous things people complain about in the reviews, debunked. As it turns out, most of it is just misunderstanding of/ignorance to the mechanics of the game.1. Learn the signalling system. Yes it is challenging, yes you have to think a lot. But most the self-proclaimed ""veterans"" of transport games are just complaining that they cannot be as lazy in TPF as they could be in OTTD, where transport thinks for them. ""Oh but the trains only want to use the same platform!"" No, you have to tell them to use different platforms. Put in some effort for once.2. You cannot just slap on a station here and there and throw some trucks and trains onto a randomly pathed line. If your line is not making any profit or randomly stops taking any goods, there is a 110% chance there is a very good reason for that to happen. Manage your supply-demand, manage your connection throughput, manage your finances, manage your infrastructure. Once again, being lazy and not putting thought into the game is the bane of the good gameplay.3. Something I notice a lot with poor performance complaints on any game: that person that supposedly has an amazing setup for some crazy unknown reason has performance issues on all the games they review. My dear friend, if you cannot even properly configure your $3k tower to make it run any game, you don't deserve to have it in the first place. I am running this game on a 2009 toaster laptop at stable 40 FPS. Clearly you're doing something wrong, I recommend you take your time to figure out what.4. ""The factory never uses my lines!"" / ""There is no cargo control!"" / ""I cannot make any profit!"" First of all, these statements are just plain stupid on their own. Second of all, supply and demand. You cannot forcibly make a factory give you cargo and pay you at the same time. The only thing you do is OFFER the factory ways of delivering their product, if the line satisfies the basic needs, the factory will put the products on your stations and pay you to deliver them. Just like how it works in real life.5. *surprise surprise* Brand new shiny trains and trucks are very expensive. I don't even know why would that be a subject for complaints in the first place. Nothing is a walk in the park, but if you put that multimillion dollar train to a good use, it will bring you a tenfold of the revenue.There are many many more absolutely ridiculous, baseless, ignorant, and short-sighted complaints to be found in this review section. I strongly urge the newcomers and true veterans alike to stay open-minded and maintain a realistic standpoint, and give this amazing game a go. Just please make sure you put in decent effort into it. Thank you for your time :)"
,Recommended,446800,32326653,Posted: 10 June,all,Rocksolid,"If you're interested in economic simulator management games such as Cities Skylines or Transport Tycoon, then you should really check this out. The visuals are great, the economic system robust (if not a little finicky at times), and the UI is good. The game lacks some explanation and the tutorials leave a bit to be desired (specifically on how the supply chains work as they are very different than Transport Tycoon but the same as their previous game, Train Fever which I never played). I had to rely on community guides and video tutorials to figure out some of these aspects. But it's a testament to how fun it is to simply build track and trains that I stuck with it and figured it out. There is simply a great sense of satisfaction in getting a rail line up and running. Setting up successful supply chains and building a train empire is great fun.The campaign is good, albeit a bit wonky and cheesy at times in a good way. I enjoyed playing through it and it helped to slowly introduce game concepts and new vehicles gradually. There are no AI opponents, which would have made for a fun additional game mode but I do not miss them all that much. Building up your own train/transport empire is the star of this game here and seeing the technological progress over time is very fun too.Did I mention how great the vehicles and visuals look, especially for an economic sim? The vehicles truly stand out, as they should! Some folks have complained that there is a lack of vehicle options, but there are a lot of mods you can use to fill in this gap. I'm 80 hours in and I've still not used all the base game vehicles so I don't feel this way.Overall, I feel that this game is a bit underrated. I've also been disappointed at the lack of media attention it's received. Furthermore, the developers have released some key patches that have fixed some of the slowdown issues and improved the UI so it's only gotten better since released. It's not perfect but it's the closest thing to a Tranport Tycoon 2 that we have and it stands well on its own. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,446800,29359091,Posted: 19 January,all,Paikia,"I consider Transport Fever to be an unpolished gem. On one hand, I really enjoy playing it, as it does the important things very well. On the other hand, though, it has plenty of problems. The result, for me, felt kind of like taking a shower on a cold day with a faulty water heater, so the temperature of the water keeps flactuating between too cold and too hot. Having played for over 250 hours (at the time of writing this review), it's evident I chose to keep playing despite the problems.The good side of the game, in my opinion, consists of the main gameplay mechanics. Much like in previous games of this genre, including Transport Fever's own predecessor, Train Fever, the purpose is to build and manage your own network of transportation routes. You build roads, railway tracks, sea ports and airports, plan routes, buy vehicles and manage your fleet and infrastructure. While I have some serious reservations about some aspects of the economy (some of which I'll list and describe later on), the system does feel balanced well, in general, and is definitely complex and interesting enough to carry the whole game on its shoulders. Also, the models of the vehicles look really well, and from what I understand from others, are also realistic.As for the negatives - while the game is fun to play, sometimes to the degree of being addictive, some issues take much of the fun out of the experience. The most significant of those issues, in my opinion, are the user interface and the performance issues. The game barely uses more than one CPU core, which practically means really low FPS values even on the best of hardware, especially when playing on advanced stages of the game. This issue has been addressed and improved on one of the recent patches to the game, but the game still stutters and lags like crazy - enough to sometimes cause me to quit in frustration, even though I'm playing on a relatively fast computer (Intel i7 2.9Ghz, Quad-Core with 16GB RAM).As for the user interface - well, sometimes it feels like the developers of the game just didn't think things through before making decisions. Some of the problems have already been addressed and fixed on a recent patch, but many still remain:1) When you upgrade a train station (adding platforms or upgrading tracks to high-speed, for example), all the passenger or cargo items which either wait at the station to be picked up, or on their way to that station - will vanish as if never existed. This problem has much to do with the game's AI as with the user inteface, and perhaps the closest to the definition of ""game breaking"", as if it happens mid or late game, it can easily lead you to bancrupcy - all by a mere few clicks of the mouse, without any warnings. Another effect of upgrading a station is that trains on the affected route will sometimes change direction for no apparent reason, and end up halting the entire traffic on the network (causing more losses, as maintenance costs keep accumulating as the time goes by, but since the trains can't move, no passengers or cargo get transported, so you don't get paid).2) The cargo system is awkward and unrealistic. I won't get into it too deeply, as this is not a guide, but I will say that despite being interesting and challenging when done right, transporting cargo in this game takes a lot of trail and error, as the game simply doesn't bother to give you all the information you need. You'll start having fun with it only when you grasp the concepts it's based on (complete chains and demand base).3) Replacing vehicles (when they get older and need to be replaced) usually means loss of money, as the 'Auto-Replace' feature will in many cases have at least some of the cargo or the passengers on board the vehicle vanish into thin air (without paying you for the transportation), and sending vehicles to their depots manually will usually mean having to pay their maintenance costs for a long while, without being able to use them to transport anyone or anything during that time.4) Different scales - maybe the only problem on the list which also has something to do with the game-design. As everything is obviously scaled down, there's a significant and obvious difference between the scale of the maps (including the cities) and the scale of the vehicles and stations. This was most likely designed like this for the eye-candy effect of the moving vehicles, but I believe it has a major negative impact on the gameplay - specifically the acceleration rates of trains and airplanes, and the volume of traffic (especially trains).Although it seems like most of this review is made up of the negatives of the game, I do recommend it, with all its flaws and problems, to anyone who likes this genre. The gameisfun to play - as long as you don't let yourself get too frustrated with the problems."
76561198025513607,Not Recommended,446800,28080606,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MatBe,"I want to love this game, but when the game missions become more complicated, it becomes less of a transport simulator and more of finding way to work around the way the game is designed. For simple tasks, like transport resource x from y to z it works great, you only create a railroad line and assign a train to it, easy as that. However, trouble arose for me first during the mission in Sweden, where you have to distribute food from one place to three different cities. It becomes awfully apparent that this game needs a way to specify what to pick up and where/how much to drop it off. First, I tried to create a circular line, but all food were dropped of at the first city. Then I bought a second train, and created one line for each city. The game, however, thought it convenient to only deliver all food that came to the station to the first line instead of dividing it. I tried creating a second station with no avail. Lastly I had to set up a separate truck line, after spending millions on buying trains and building an entire new railway.Next mission included boats, and that's when I couldn't bother anymore. The map had four harbours, and in the beginning you only had one boat (later on I got two more). One boat could only carry ONE TYPE OF CARGO. This works fine with trucks, that have a storage of 5 units. A boat with a 100 unit  cargo, however, is useless. I had to transport 6 different materials using one boat, that could only take one kind of cargo. I couldn't choose which cargo to load, which resulted in a line where the boat drove from harbour to harbour, only carrying 1 unit of tools, and failing to load/unload where I wanted to. That's when I quit this game, I might come back when they allow more granular control over what resources are picked up and what to drop off, where."
76561198008834108,Not Recommended,446800,28525664,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,maculator,"This is a great game but It got some really annoying problems.This review is for people who came here because they used to love OTTD or Simutrans.If you loved Transport Tycoon, Simutrans etc. and you came here looking for something like that: BUY IT.It is not as complexe as those but it looks nice, is fair priced and has enough features to provide a good amount of fun.So I give it a 6/10, without the points made below it would've been a 9/10.- When you upgrade a trainstation all the trains heading there will turn arround and try to find a new route (even if you make changes in pause)This really kills alot and forces you to pay close attention to no ruin your trainsystem.-If you want to have onewaytrack-systems utilized by many lines and big stations with platforms to choose for those lines - forgett it. A line randomly decides wich of the platforms in the station it uses and each and every single train of this line will use it. There is no ""who comes first chooses platform"".-There are only ""path-signals"" - nothing else. (and if you red the points above they're ""semi-functioning""-The landscaping is a bad joke. You get 3 options (raise, lower, flatten) and 3 strengths to choose from. The tool is a TINY circle and you just wont be able to do anything productive with it.- For my personal taste to few graphs and numbers. I compare it to simutrans where you could compare almost every numbers in nice graphs.Transport fever gives you numbers but no window to select and compare them. The finances-tab is verry basic, no nice graphs and only the big numbers are listed.Thanks for reading and don't get me wrong this is a good game. But it wasted a good amount of potential and needs some fixes."
,Recommended,446800,28048615,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Strategikal,"This game is the spiritual successor to Transport Tycoon, but brought up to date in full 3D glory. First impressions are very good. On the surface it looks just like Train Fever with ships and planes added, but there's a lot more to it than that. It runs on a new game engine for a start, which solves the worst problem of the previous game, namely track and road laying, which could often be extremely frustrating. It's still not perfect, but it's considerably improved, with far more complex track connections possible.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=796614848The scenery is a lot more detailed when you look closely at it, with many more different buildings in the towns. The vehicle models are really well done, and they become dirty and rusty over time. Distant scenery blends better into the background with a misty effect.The most significant change is that they've done away with the 20 minute rule and replaced it with catchment areas, which is probably more familiar in these types of games. Journeys can be of any length now, but passengers still prefer quicker transport. With freight it doesn't matter so much, especially with ships that can carry huge amounts of cargo but travel very slowly.Along with that, resources and products no longer move on their own, instead you have to transport everything yourself and place stations in appropriate catchment areas to ensure that everything gets delivered to the right places. Industries now have more complex resource requirements. If part of the supply chain is missing it will grind to a halt. This makes the game more challenging compared to Train Fever, in which you could provide partial transport routes and the AI would automatically fill in the gaps.In keeping with the more complex industries, there are now six different types of products that need to be transported to towns, three to the commercial districts and three to the industrial districts. This makes things even more complex since you need to use more depots to ensure the town is well supllied, although you apparently only need to supply one industrial and one commercial product (in addition to passenger transport) to help cities grow, making the more complex industrial chains seem somewhat unnecessary.Regarding money, even on the easy level there can be a lot of time spent waiting to make a profit  from your lines before you can expand, and the harder levels are much more difficult. If you prefer to build without limits, you can apply a mod which removes money from the game, but you don't get any achievements in that mode.In addition to the main random game, there are also two campaigns included, one for Europe and one for the USA, featuring several scenarios each. I haven't tried these myself, but they provide you with a story and clear goals to win each scenario. They're probably a good way to help learn the game if you haven't played Train Fever previously.To sum up, Transport Fever can be very engrossing. Personally I'm finding it just as addictive as Civilization, but instead of ""one more turn"" there's always one more line to create, a new train to build, vehicles to upgrade, a line to update or some other problem to solve. ""I'll just finish doing this then I'll go to bed, but I need to sort out that problem first, oh and there's that other thing I need to look at, and while I'm at it...""If you enjoy these types of games, this is a no brainer. We've been waiting a very long time for a spiritual successor to Transport Tycoon. Many similar games have come and gone over the years, but this is the first that truly deserves that accolade. It's the best game in the genre in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,446800,29530763,Posted: 27 January,all,SampsonWoof,"I very much want to love this game. I love the concept and being able to create and manage transportation routes is so incredibly satisfying.But.The game slows down A LOT once you have a decent transport network created. Clicking on a moving vehicle will sometimes crash the game. It's like having a key to a candy store, but discovering most of the inventory is made of wax.Please, if you are a developer for this game, FIX it. It seems like I've been waiting all my life for this game, but it's technically flawed."
76561198056621420,Not Recommended,446800,26607008,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,uzurpatorex,"I do this with a bleeding heart, as I a great fan of transportation games, and those are rare and far in between. I have pre-ordered Transport Fever, as I did with Train Fever two years prior. I am very happy with the previous game and have clocked about 140 hours on it. Possibly not that much, but that is life.There cannot be a dispute over the fact that there are a host of improvements in Transport Fever in regards to Train Fever. We get scenarios - which are quite fun to play. Track laying is much easier then in TF. Graphics is a tad prettier. But these are surface level changes.What finally drove me away from Train Fever were glaring gameplay issues that game had. I am unhappy to report, that all those issues were carried over to Transport Fever and then some were turned up to 11 to make things even worse in many aspects. Let me elaborate.1. Cargo distribution model in Transport Fever is based on chain of interdependant industries. In order to make it work, the player needs to eventually provide a service for the entire industrial chain. In Transport Fever this might require setting up links between several industries, culminating in transportation of some goods to towns. Production depends, eventually, on demand in cities. However, if cargo flow one industry in the chain gets disrupted, then the entire chain collapses. With very little info for the player. This was an issue in the previous game. Now however is even more pronounced because of complicated industry chains.2. Game balance is odd, to say the least. 'Easy' is Hard. 'Medium' is very hard and 'Hard' is Dark Souls hard. For a efficiency oriented player in Train Fever it quickly became obvious that trucks are most cost effective option to transport stuff. Only in later game, when trains became fast enough to cover great distances, they would start to dominate. This dynamic was carried over to Transport Fever and then turned up to 11. In the earliest stages of the game railroads are a trap for the unsuspecting player. At that stage train cars cost more then locomotives. Even if, at that stage, the player manages to make profit on them then the cash flow is going to be very slow, thus we spend game time waiting. On the other hand, forgetting about trains, and focusing on trucks allow to cheaply and efficiently transport even the hugest amount of freight. Sure - this can be played, but it is a major immersion breaker.3. There remain still lots of small issues that, if brought togather, are immersion breaking.- cargo remains weightless, so no differentiation between freight/passanger services exist- acceleration is completely not matched to the game world. Effectively, trains, even the fastest ones, rarely go above approx 170km/h, same as in Train Fever- ascending/descending does not seem to bother trains at all after more powerful trains are introduced- freight cars rated at 160km/h are just silly- car traffic in cities quickly starts to erode any sensibility of using buses- game is reliant on vehicle visit frequency, but no tools to handle those exist - simple ""load for '_X time'"" order would suffice4. The game still suffers from some technical issues- the gui cannot be scaled for high PPI displays or people with poor eyesight- performance in some key situations performance can drop dramastically, even on quite beefy machines- slight input lag still existsOverall - the game is mediocre. If you liked Train Fever, then Transport Fever is mostly an expansion pack. If you like train games, it is that too. It looks pretty, runs fairly well, barring some specific situations. However, it lacks strategic substance, its gameplay is detached from reality it simulates - thus isn't all that immersive. It carries over most of gameplay issues from Train Fever. Sure, it is fine for burning an afternoon or two, but that is about it. For me it was a let down."
76561198057662966,Recommended,446800,26528267,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mugy,"So many ignorant reviews that don't understand how this game works, and are stuck in a ""this is supposed to be an OTTD remake with better graphics"". It's a different game, please learn how to play it differently.For example, those who can't get freight working.Transport fever factories won't produce items if there are simply trains waiting at the station, you must have routes fulfilling the entire freight route, i.e. logs -> planks -> tools -> city before all the lines will work, otherwise they will stop after a while.If you want to try this out for yourselves, the easiest is grain -> food -> city. Also never leave one of the routes without a vehicle, such as when upgrading an existing vehicle on the line, otherwise production will drop very fast. As you can see, this is far more realistic.I personally enjoyed Train Fever, even with its many, many flaws.Transport fever basically removed all these problems and added a bunch of new features such as shipping, aircraft, and much more powerful track laying tools.I wouldn't say I'm happy with the fact I have to buy a second game to get these fixes, but the game is definitely fun nonetheless.The performance of the game is definitely an issue though, I've lost count of the number of times the game has crashed. I have been able to get solid several hour sessions at times. It seems to crash on my system if I try and show too much on my screen at once, i.e. angle my camera in a way that shows everything.My thumbs up is on the assumption that this will get fixed soon."
76561197964905362,Recommended,446800,26724075,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Dex,"The game is good. There is room for improvement definitely, but is good. Graphics is great. Never had technical issues, sure as the maps fills might get laggy, but i never met a game that worked better, even TTD and Locomotion had the same problem at their time.Trains looks amazingly good, busses too. Visually is impossible not to be pleased. Easy to lay tracks, roads etcWhat the game needs very bad is balance. Time goes too fast even on slowest speed. Ship docking takes waay too long. Vehicles do not overtake one another so if you have a slower, older vehicle on transport line  you will end up with a train of vehicles. You can filter what trucks can transport only in depot. Informations on mouseover regarding industry is very ambiguous. Powerful locomotives don't feel that powerful. Ridiculously expensive locomotives, wagons especially. For some reason upgrading train station resets all the cargo in the station, freight or passengers, same if you change the train on a line. The concept of ""full load"" at terminal is broken because production it's based on transport arriving at destination instead of how fast you load at terminal, so you end up with an extermely slow start when you set up a line of transport, because your first transports will run mostly empty just so the Factory can detect that you are delivering stuff so he can increase production. The more time you spend  loading the less production. It can actually reach zero production. This is a big flaw in the industry concept. And one of the worst: no Undo button which is mindblowing."
,Not Recommended,446800,30974831,Posted: 6 April,all,Professor Neurus,"This game has a lot of potential, but it has so many annoyances and bugs; let's get this out of the way: this is not Raiload Tycoon, TTD, or any other similar thing. If anything, it looks much more like Cities in Motion or even Cities Skylines (form a simple graphics / engine point of view), but that is where the fun ends.The game does give you a sense of ""move things from A to B to produce C which I need to take to D to produce E which I can take to F… and so forth"", while at the same time, make money (or run out of).The fact that you can tap on individual buildings, people, vehicles, etc. is nice, because it gives you a very fine grained control over what the cities are doing, down to every person and/or building. This gives you the power to really try to construct stuff that makes sense to ""serve the needs"" of the citizens/factories, etc. I.e.: person A works at X building, lives in Z building and shops at Y.The game gets slower as you progress. The latest patch (end of March 2017) improved a lot, but it's still relatively choppy.Turns out that for a station to actually work, it must be near the factory (or building(s)), much like TTD had the ""coverage"". This makes sense. But the game also enforces that the building must be connnected via ROAD, which means, sometimes you have to build random roads to connect stuff, and you don't even know if it's gonna fit (see next bullet point). So you build road, then you bulldoze, rebuild, etc. it gets frustrating in no time.This game has perhaps one of the worst building mechanisms I've seen in a long time. Building tracks and trying to connect them can be a very difficult exercise (especially if you compare it with how ""easy"" it was in TTD/OpenTTD and even the old Railroad Tycoon). More often than not, you will place a station or a depot, only to find that you cannot connect it the way you want due to ""reasons"" (terrain, too much slope, buildings in the way, gremlins, you name it). So you have to demolish stuff and try again, only to have the same problem over and over again. Sometimes you give up, sometimes you just end up building what you wanted, after a few tries, after a lot of money. The frustration will make you quit the game at some point, trust me on that one.Terrain looks ""ok"" but it gets in the way more often than not, because you can't really tell how much ""slope"" there is. The overlays are not very good at their job, the topographic lines are not enough information to know whether you will be able to build something and how good it's gonna be. It's really that bad.There's a disproportionate price difference between road/vehicles and trains. You can easily spend 1+ million in a single train with 4 wagons, whereas 40 ""trucks"" would do the same (albeit slower) for 200.000.I've (so far) played 6 US scenarios and 1 EU. In almost all cases, it's over 9000 times easier if you simply IGNORE trains and build a gazillion of trucks/carts, upgrade the roads to 4+ lanes as much as you can, construct better roads and keep adding vehicles.The game revolves around LINES, not just vehicles. So a LINE is a series of stops and orders (Load if Available, Full Load (Any) and Full Load (All)). That's all you got. In theory this is nice but in practice, there are multiple things you can't do. Duplicate Vehicles? Forget it, you have to send them to the depot (and they lose the line!!!). Say a ""Truck Station"" has a lot of Coal waiting. You decide to build another line to send it elsewhere or maybe add a train station. First you will have to FIGHT to put the train station (remember it has to be connected by ""road"", while at the same time, in range of the Coal mine. If you manage to do all that, then you will immediately find out all those tons of COAL are ""assigned"" to the Truck line that was delivering them, so your train station is ""empty"". This is the worst idea I've seen in a tycoon game; with time, the ""coal mine"" will start sending stuff to the train station (if there is a line connected to it, remember resources are assigned per line!), but this is horrible in practice, very unintuitive.Vehicle Replacement is ""ok"" but it has excessive clicking around, like most of the UI.If you've played TTD/OpenTTD you know you can have ""windows"" for vehicles, buildings, etc. It's simiar here, but you can't tap on them to ""move the camera there"" (you can, but an annoying ZOOM happens, taking you completely out of context). Why would you want to ZOOM IN to see a vehicle in a very close 3rd person (or even 1st person!). It's nice, as an option, but the default should let you tap on the window and show you where it is. The UI becomes a mess real fast. you have to close windows one by one, clicking a very small target. All in all, not good. Everything requires a lot of clicking. A lot. And moving things around.The game uses the same TTD concept of ""Depots"" to build vehicles, but unlike TTD, where you could put a depot close to the track/road and it will autoconnect, you have to exercise a lot of patience to find out whether you will be able to connect it to the track to begin with. Remember the bullet point about building stuff?I want to love this game, I can't yet."
,Recommended,446800,32799586,Posted: 25 June,all,Infinite Lemons,"Great GameGame mechanics wise the production chain and economy is different from OTTD which was how I was playing it and was making no money and I had no clue why. It takes a bit of getting used to. Hint I can give is always look at the cities demand and not the industrys production because the cities demand is what drives the industrys production up and down, also your know transportation capacity also influences it.  The early game might seem a bit boring but when you start getting into the 1900s it ramps up.Performance wise(running the game at max settings) I have issues when I zoom in and out really fast and when I try to build a long bit of rail. I recommend building it in small bits because one it saves your computer and two it saves you money because you can go with the flow of the terrain more. Majority of the time I get 60fps so I have little complaints.+Steam Workshop+Deverlopers are active"
,Not Recommended,446800,32043702,Posted: 29 May,all,Chimaera,"FYI, I will probably have game time in this game when people read this, but that's because I sometimes need a bit of challenge-less sandboxing.Before jumping into this, if you DO decide to buy the game, ""Too much slope"" and ""Too much curvature"" will become terms that will cause you to rage uncontrollably...I've seriously had what looked like a perfect rail line set up, but not be able to do any X junctions because of those cursed factors...and the only way to ""fix"" it is to destroy the track and try to level the ground...expensive...Without overbearing ""pro"" and ""con"" lists, I'll simply let the stats speak for themselves.The game's been out since November 8, 2016. The last patch of any sort was in March, and it was relatively featureless. The game itself has a TON of potential, but there a simply a lot of features and modes that are missing and the developers haven't really given any indication that they plan on doing anything more with the game aside from hosting mod contests.Aside from a relatively brief campaign set that lacks in flavor so much that I never bothered to finish it, the game itself in free-play mode should be called ""Map Seed Fever"". The map generation mechanics are so messed up, that you end up having production areas far from supply areas, which translates into super-expensive lines in order to simply provide goods to one or two cities. Sure you can go the whole ""passengers only"" route, but then you aren't able to provide the essential goods and supplies to towns to allow them to grow much in size, which highlights one of the key parts of free-play that is missing: Competition/Partnership companies. This game would gain so much more challenge and depth if free-mode included the option to have competing companies that you could wheel and deal or compete with for resources, lines, passengers, and supplying of towns. Lack of random events, dynamic weather, or missions from towns make free-play have less depth than old SimCity games, and the campaign modes simply don't make up for the lack of dynamic content.In the end, the game is fun for a specific type of individual who enjoys sandbox creating big transport empires, but the lack of challenge and lack of competition makes such achievements very hollow. While modding has been used to try to generate more content and maps and such, simply adding mods makes you lose the ability to do achievements. While a lot of games have this as a standard feature anymore, this game really suffers without mods to the point of being fairly un-fun without modding once you've tired of the ""find a good seed, then create the standard systems to make profits and slowly expand til end of the game"".In short, it's very pretty, very robust in a lot of the line and vehicle design and elements, but terribly lacking in the seed generation/map generation area as well as content. If I could do a ""sort of"" recommendation, I would, but given that it's only up or down, I have to put this as a down...until they maybe, possibly, eventually add more content that addresses the issues I've talked about above."
76561197963017995,Recommended,446800,29015618,Posted: 4 January,all,Drakedge,"I will put it this way. I lost tons of hours to this game, and loved every one of them.+Pros = Tons of options to transport goods and people. Tons of ways to entertain and challenge yourself. All while turning a profit.-Cons = Game tends to slow down and chug a little bit in late game when you have a billion things moving on the map, and assets all over. The years in the game pass by too quickly, and don't allow you to appreciate the eras as much as I feel you should.Overall the game is fantastic. I will be playing a lot more of it."
,Recommended,446800,26503759,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sleazy Ninja,"First of all, I'm new the Train Fever series so this is an unbiased review.However, I am an enormous fan of games like Railroad Tycoon and Transport Tycoon.Having seen the trailer a while back, I was hoping that Transport Fever would be all that and then some...The good----------+ Evolving world, cities and industries grow as you give them better logistics+ Incredibly beatiful models on all assets+ Very relaxing, also cool to just set the camera to follow and watch a tram rush through the city+ Good music and overall atmosphere+ Decent management aspect+ Maps are of a decent size and give you plenty to do+ Lively cities; early on lots of pedestrians, later cars start driving around+ Runs very smooth on highest settings (mid-range laptop)+ Play your way: want to be a railroad tycoon? Go ahead! Want to do everything with trucks? No problem+ Easy to set up and manage lines and assign vehicles to them+ Automatic upgrading of redundant vehicles+ Passengers actually are visible through the vehicle windowsThe Not So Good------------------- Bit of a learning curve for those new to the franchise- No computer opponents- Time/Speed makes absolutely no sense (days fly by, making it seem like a bus actually needs a week to go round 1 block)- Early game can be very slow if you start in 1850- Campaign doesn't really give me any thrills- Far less detail in terrain compared to trains, trams, planes, ...- Unbalanced in some areas (either too easy to make money or not profitable at all)- Trains and trams are able to make U-Turns on a single track... it just looks weird- Not very easy to set up complex rail systems (hard to work with waypoints and lights)My first impressions:==============I started the game with some technical difficulties. It was using the onboard Intel card and not my dedicated NVidia chip, causing major FPS issues and some botched textures after. If you experience anything like this, be sure to look up a guide telling you how to fix it. Fixing it took less than 5 mins.Today wasn't a day for tutorials so I jumped right into the European campaign. The user interface was at first a bit confusing, but there are plenty tooltips to help you out. All you have to do is read a bit; if you're not into reading tooltips you should probably not be playing games that require some brainpower.So setting up the first supply lines, buying vehicles and assigning them actually went really smooth. There's a very logical system to these logistics and after 20 minutes you pretty much have the hang of it and can go for more complex things.During the campaign levels there are several ""medals"" to earn, in the form of special objectives. Although these add to the general experience I thought they didn't really give me anything worthwhile and I just focussed on building and optimizing. As such the first level only took about 1 hour, including some trial and error moments. Not my cup of tea honestly...On to the more awesome things then: Free Play Mode. In this game mode you get a randomly generated map that you can set up to your (limited) liking and just be a tycoon. The freedom to build whatever you want wherever you would want it is really nice.At first I was looking at the industries. There are providers and processors so basically you bring product A to processing factory B and to city C. Sounds pretty straightforward and it really is. Everything is neatly described and setting up a production chain takes very little time, but quite a lot of money.My first attempt at free play ending in a financial fiasco as my overhead far (like -1 mil a year) was killing me.After 4-5 restarts I decided to just go for passenger transport, both intra and inter-city. A nice network of bus stops got the good citizens to the train station which then transported them to a nearby city. Amazed was I when all of a sudden I was making +1 mil! Much easier to set up and manage than industry, that's for sure!So that's how the first 50-ish years went: connect more cities and help the people get around much faster.What amazed me was how much the cities were changing as soon as they received more immigrants. New houses were being built, commercial districts were booming and more industry was creating more jobs, in turn increasing the number of inhabitants.This was a world that I was helping build and that was a pretty good feeling. Hours later the technological advanced became more frequent and the whole game a lot busier. There was always something new to do or to improve. Me like!So the simulation and management aspect are pretty good in my opinion. Not the best, not the most innovative but complex enough to keep even the ""routiniers"" busy for a long time. A+Now, as with any other game there are things that annoy me (slightly).Trains are able to make instant u-turns on single tracks when they arrive in a station. This was also the case in railroad tycoon and I can see why that's implemented, but I would opt for an option to have ""real behavior"". That would mean having to build intricate loops and whatnot to manage traffic. But that's my personal flavor.Everything looks incredible detailed. Try zooming in on any vehicle and you can just see the amount of effort they put into modelling everything. Good job guys!But then why is the terrain so bland? It's grass, hills with grass, mountains without grass, water and trees. If you're lucky the occasional shrubbery might pop up, but all in all it's a very boring backdrop. Why not have an iron ore mind pollute the surrounding land? Or have oil derricks spew out ominous dark clouds?Perhaps they left these things to modders with more inspiration...So to conclude: if you're a fan of management/tycoon games and you appreciate details and meticulous planning then this game is absolutely for you. If you're looking for an easy to learn face roll then you should look elsewhere (Big Fish Games)."
76561197970412873,Recommended,446800,26486911,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Erufailon,"It is a transport tycoon game, if you played any, you know what to expect. It looks just fine by today's standards, and it plays fine, I'll be occupied by it for a while I think. My only real problem is that there are no opponents, no AI, but not even multiplayer, though in business simulations competition should be important."
76561198009204851,Recommended,446800,30786048,Posted: 27 March,all,urqy,"Overall, I like this game and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great transport economic management game.  You are able to manage diverse transportation assets (rail, air, boat, auto) to complete industrial chains or passenger movement through a 150+ year timeline.It does have some issues, however.  The most significant issue is performance in the later game when you have a billion assets doing something.  Framerate drops significantly to the point of unplayability.  There is a patch promised soon (Late Mar 2017) to remedy that situation.The game does allow you to play in either the European or North American theater.  I have no specific complaints against the European gameplay.  If you are interested in the European model of free gameplay, you are in for a great game.  If you are interested in the North American open scenario, however, you need to be aware of some of the shortcomings.  Bottom line up front: this is a great European game with a half-hearted attempt to include the North American scenario.Models.  There are some absolutely fantastic models of rolling stock, vehicles, ships and aircraft specific to the North American theater.  The steam locomotives in particular really impressed me.  You will still end up using a significant number of European assets (especially ships) as the depth of the NA library of assets is pretty limited.  The models of the buildings and towns did not impress me at all, however.  With a brown ground background to differentiate the scene from Europe, the NA scenario is obviously set in the West.  The buildings and bridges, however, are very continental European.  It is quite immersion breaking to be in the US West in 1850 looking at houses and shops from Bayern.  The great timber trestles from the mountain railroads are not replicated here.Economics.  My experience with building successful economic railroads in this game leans toward moving passengers early on, especially if you start in 1850.  I have had limited success with the Grain-to-Food or Crude-to-Fuel options under very specific situations.  If you are trying to recreate strategies for ""Settling the West"" based on the historic freight model, you'll find the economic model lacking.  Most of the ""Let's Plays"" I've seen also try to move passengers first to fund later freight movements.  The ""Passenger First"" model works well in population-center dense Europe, but not in the sparsely populated late 19th century US West.  It's all about freight.Imperial vs. Metric.  I'm equally versed in the metric and imperial systems.  If you decide to use the Imperial system, however, the conversion seems akin to a Russian or Japanese-language game translated into English using Google Translator.  Car lengths are in feet, Train lengths are in miles and station platforms are still in meters.  It truly tests your ability to determine how long of a train can you make that will still fit in that station?  Speeds in mph are spot on, however.If you are looking for a great European transport management game, this is for you.  If you are looking to rebuild the glory of the 19th Century rails and riverboats westward expansion of the US, however, it's kinda meh."
76561197970785926,Recommended,446800,26741575,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Clapper,"17 hours? I just bought it!Here are a few tips to get started:1. Play the campaign(s). I'm on the 5th American campaign out of 7. There is an European campaign too.2. When trucks leave a depo, they turn right. So put their first stop to the right of the depo.3. When starting to pick up materials, send one truck and keep telling it to reverse direction until the material you've created a line for starts getting generated.  It just takes a couple times.4. Assign a material to each truck while you're creating it or when it's in the depo.  This way when you're dropping off coal or iron ore it doesn't pick up the steel destined for another line.5. Build in the cities ASAP, or you'll have to demolish buildings to get in there later."
76561198320495015,Not Recommended,446800,31130445,Posted: 14 April,all,quajumpakt,"I've poured a lot of time into this game, primarily in the scenarios since I figure these are set up to showcase how the game  is meant to be played. Frankly, it's been an excercise in infuriation.First off, let me say that the graphics and environment are wonderful (I still get great satisfaction out of watching my little horsecarts toddle along the dirt roads early in the game) and the ability to utilize train, road, sea, and air routes is a downright exciting prospect.  Unfortunately, however, either bugs or poor game mechanics  (or a combination of both) utterly preclude this prospect from being properly realized.  Here is a list of the things I have most often yelled at my monitor:Why is maritime shipping so ludicrously slow?How much is this cargo worth?Why can't ships or road vehicles carry mixed cargo?Why can't I customize which cargo is hauled between which stations?Why can't I customize rolling stock between stations, even if the station is attached to a shed?Why can't I prioritize which cargo is hauled first if more than one type is available and desired on a line?Why is that truck carrying steel BACK to the steel mill?Why is that train randomly hauling 60 tons of brick between EVERY station?Why is that ship randomly not hauling any cargo between ANY stations?What is ""willingness to travel"" and how do I increase it?What's the point of a four-lane highway if everyone uses the same lane?You call that a tutorial?HOW THE HELL DO THESE RAILROAD SIGNALS WORK??!!"
,Recommended,446800,33292529,Posted: 5 July,all,Gaming Authoritah,"+ Scratches your ""transport tycoon"" itch+ Can build amazingly complex transport lines+ Graphics are good, although slightly dated looking+ Can play on huge maps+ Making money at the start provides a good challengeMake up your own mind with this gameplay:https://youtu.be/RfRu95enONU"
76561197998199265,Not Recommended,446800,28518297,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jsynack,I have played these types of games since the dawn of the genre.  I really really wanted to like this game.This game is gorgeous - which is why I purchased it. Even in the most basic maps the performance is very bad even with the recent performance patch on hardware that is more than enough.This game has too many bugs and goofs that turn gameplay into 'how do I workaround xyz defect'. I also generally find the time and map size scale to be way off. On one map the closest oil to refinery I could find was a 2-year 'round trip'.I would rather play OpenTTD with the lower quality graphics because at least I am not fighting the gameplay and the engine itself.Maybe I will take a look in a year or two - or maybe I will just request a refund.Avoid for now is my vote - it isn't ready for production.
76561198126989070,Not Recommended,446800,31643515,Posted: 9 May,all,yourgreatestfear,"After the 2 major patches and sadly no small hotfixes for the little things the game still has too many problems and shortcomings in gameplay/engine to be recommended fully. (hopefully that will change before the devs start expanding on a flawed basis)Tbh, if it were not for the amazing modder community who try hard and mostly successful to fix / work around the many problems I would give a clear warning to stay away for now.With a ton of mods installed the game is not bad at all, alltho not free of frustrating details.The good first: it looks beautiful, for the enjoyable campaigns we have a decent voiceover for the tasks and the possible customization/modding is so great that most of the following bad can somewhat be avoided/changed.The bad:- the original content is rather limited/underwhelming (most of it just ported from Train Fever), the planes & ships are implemented more like a teaser and lack decent variety in vehicles and structures. the cargor harbor doesnt even allow access from both directions- building is rather frustrating, too often the user tools and AI upgrades create bumps, clipping, ridiculous angles/constructs or simply not allow certain things for no clear reason.- upgrading infrastructure like tracks or stations often impacts/destroys surroundings for no reason, switches and crossing on pitched paths create clipping, bumps and speed obstacles for no good reason.- a lines pathfinding is too often screwed by upgrades in roads or addition of new stops/lines, on roads and water are waypoints missed completely, on tracks it takes excessiv micromanagment so that lines dont change whenever another line is added.- the progress through the timeline is way too fast, barely allow decent networks with the early content. especially slow units (ships and some other stuff) take ages to become profitable while several ingame years go by. ... even mods who stretch time are limited to an arbitrary max 4X slower. Building immersive networks with old era content is only possible with mods.- performance got better with patch, but in late game maps it still comes down to horrible fps ... not enough optimization even wit the performance patch- units and the different types of transportation are not very balanced in terms of profits, capacities and how usefull they are. cargo ships for example only can load one type of cargo, alltho its very clear that most if not all of them should have several separate compardments. roadlines with large amounts of vehicles allmost always are more profitable then trains. cargolines have problems with low frequency-high capacity setups, often impacting overall productivity and growth.- train types/lines cant be prioritized on signals, making it difficult to handle multiple lines of different speed/importance sharing tracks as one expects from real life networks- the passenger ratios are off, some type of lines get swamped and barely can handle the traffic even with massive amounts of units, while within cities for example tram lines barely become profitable.- the AI growth and AI upgrade of cities is chaotic, creating ridiculous street and building layouts, often in conflict with playerbuild infrastructure and common sense ... excessiv micromanagment, unimmersive blocking of AI actions and high costs become necessary to allow decent and realistic lines.- the random placement of industries is not very immersive, having farms in steep mountain sides, oilfields/mines on the very top of mountains, or ""forrest""-industry placed on empty fields ... or having all industries of a specific type ending up on one side of the map, making it impossible with early era lines to connect to many of the production/cities.- also its not clear why industries got inhouse roads implemented and even useable by AI, but still need an outside cargo station for trucks to which magic beams the cargo- GUI has its shortcomings, for example the handling of a larger number of mods ingame is horrid, resizing and scrolling in many windows is not possible, etc.Mods offer a lot of workarounds and improvments, certainly fill the gaps in content with amazing variety ... but a good game shouldnt have to rely on that to become enjoyable. Too many things of the original game are implemented flawed or not well enough thought thru, shame especially since lots of it is just ported and barely improved from Train Fever.Buy it, if you got a lot of time searching, installing and testing mods to costumize your game! It certainly offers a lot for those who like micromanagment ingame and of the game itself.But if you want a good game with great usability out of the box, then better wait for really needed improvments by the devs!"
76561197970682399,Not Recommended,446800,32522082,Posted: 17 June,all,Doh!,"I like a lot of what I see here, but it needs a greater variety of gameplay options. For example, it could use any or all of the following:AI competitorsThe ability to build, buy, and sell industries, businesses, and housing.Random maps that generate coastline or island scenarios.Subways and a better interface for building underground.I would also like to see a map generator that allowed most if not all variables to be random. Right now, there's hardly any variation in random maps because so many variables are fixed. Worse, cities and industries are far too evenly space."
,Not Recommended,446800,28154563,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,iki_balam,"Transport Fever could be summed up as a beautiful Berkshire (the Polar Express train) that couldn’t get going pass the cattle standing on the railroad, because someone didn’t put on the cattle guard.Transport Fever is not a bad game. There are a lot of positive and fun aspects of this title. However, there are a lot of small problems and generally poor game mechanics that keep the game from fulfilling it’s potential.If anything, Transport Fever is a game of contrasts. It will take your breath away while leaving you empty. It will drive you to be creative while dulling you with its repetitive aspects. It will be enjoyable game for hours until you fall asleep playing it.It seems that Transport Fever couldn’t decide if it wanted to be a casual or complex, niche or generic. It has elements of Train Simulator, OpenTTD, and Railroad Tycoon. But it fails to take the best of those other franchise and titles and incorporate them. I just can’t help but think that the developing studio, Urban Games, took the existing aspects of Train Fever and found what was easiest and efficient (i.e. cost effective), and then mashed them into a new title. Voila we have Transport Fever. Now, many vetrans of Train Fever love the added improvements. That's fine and dandy. But I am criticizing [Urban Games] for failing to dream big. There is so much room and potential to expand this game.If you are still on the fence, here are some of the most frustrating things I have encountered. These are similar sentiments I’m also paraphrasing from other players:No competition. As in, no AI to compete against, no multiplayer to play against.Train passing priority. Express trains exist, over taking trains exists, but why not in the game?When you bulldoze a depot or station, there is no “are you sure you want to do this?” pop-up window or prompt. This is standard in many hundreds of other games, and should exist since deleting/upgrading a station destroys the production line attached to it.I so badly wish for more choices than ""full load (any)"" and ""full load (all)"" at the station for trains. Why not "">25% loaded"" or "">50% loaded"" etc? For a game with so much detail to the trains and vehicles of the era, there is an appalling lack of control on your transportation lines.There is also a shockingly low about of data offered when I build a train. You will see track effort, power out, speed max, etc… but why can’t I see a trains performance rather than just that of the locomotive?The whole upgrading process in this game is broken. If you dare say it’s a feature not a flaw… no. Were your trains in 1880 smaller and less numerous than those in 1980? Too bad because extending and widening a platform at a station will reset the entire industry production tied to that station. Same goes for docks and bus lines.Demand creation queries are agonizingly long and tedious. This is simply the in-game time it takes to get the goods produced at each stage of the supply chain. Some say the industries production is tied to a transport line when a vehicle visits them, others when the end of the month occurs, and others there is some calculation on how often trains/trucks visit them + capacity of that line + downstream demand.Yawn. Combine all of this with the already slow speed of the game (3X max fast forward) and you’ll probably have your early game set on max while you do the dishes, waiting for your transport lines to actually transport something and finally run a profit… so you know, you can do something.I’m not asking for stocks and finances like in Railroad Tycoon. I’m not asking for purchasing or placing factories like in Industry Giant. I don’t want the over complexity like A-Train. But I do want a game that can leave the station under its own power. If you absolutly love trains but dont want the sticker shock of Train Simulater, then I guess Transport Fever is possible for you to enjoy. But just about every other ""trian"" based game out there is cheaper and better. This ones is not worth it's $35.Final score, 40%. Boring, dull and needlessly hides information. Creating complex rail networks for it's own sake isn't entertainment"
76561197997611531,Recommended,446800,26613831,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,............,"First review I have ever written on Steam. The reason why, is because of the missleading negative user reviews from people who have no idea what this game is about or run the game on a wooden potato.So first up, graphics: This game looks amazing on some moments, especially when seeing the modeled boats, trucks and trains, they all look gorgeous. Some other aspects like font and trees look low res, but bear in mind you ll play this game mostly zoomed out.Gameplay: Okay, prepare to restart the game a lot of times. I am an experienced Train Fever player and I still had to restart like 5 times when playing on hard and mountain map. The goal of this game is to set up a transport line as profittable as possible, causing to grow cities on the map. It's the kind of game you ll fire up and still be playing 5 hours later.Cons:-upgrading stations or platforms causes cargo/passengers to disappear, this is an issue we had in Train Fever as well and there is no excuse for the devs this is still in the game, it is ridiculous.-Performance may get a hit when building the map full of moving detailed vehicles and having everything set to ultra.-More info and the how and why should be given. I see there is a tutorial now so for new players that might be the best place to start.Pro:-Addictive gameplay-One of the few transport or tycoon games with good graphics-Tons of replayability-Big modding communityConclusion: This game is far from a 10/10 game, but for a tycoon or transportation economical management game this game should deserve some credit for it as well. For me this game has a 7.5-8/10 and could possibly become a 9/10 if better mods are added and if they fix the issues listed before.People who are saying the game is unplayable have no idea what this game is about and can return to their OTTD and stick with that. People also dont like to admit the game is too hard for their understanding so they go around rating it as a bad game. Dont let yourself be fooled, this game is tons of fun."
,Not Recommended,446800,26500740,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ghost of Socialism,"I wish I could recommend this game. I've been looking for a good game that takes advantage of the power of modern systems for a transport sim since I grew bored of Open Transport Tycoon Deluxe, and Train Fever had too many issues to be enjoyable. When they said Train Fever was a practice run of the game they ultimately wanted to make I was optimistic, but alas, many of the issues that plagued Train Fever plague this game as well.-Performance-(System is an i7-920, 18GB of RAM and a GTX1060 3GB)Performance in the early game is pretty good, but I quickly started experiencing stuttering. As early as 1870 I couldn't zoom out very far or lower the camera to look at the horizon without dropping down to 10-20fps. Like Train Fever, it seems to iterate through every single vehicle you have every time it subtracts running costs, which can lead to several seconds of freezing very frequently. Additionally, if you're trying to lay tracks longer than 50m and there's more than one limiting factor (i.e. road crossing, rail that it has to follow etc.) it will drop to 10fps, which is not only annoying, but can lead to you making a mistake pretty easily. Since there's no undo function, these mistakes can add up in terms of cost.-Gameplay-You start in 1850 with just enough money to get a passenger line going and some shuttle coaches in the cities you have connected. And when you've done this, the grind begins. You probably won't be able to afford one of the ridiculously expensive locomotives until 10 years after you've finished your first line, and even if you do there's a decent chance whatever additional line you make won't make any profit simply because the running costs on the trains are so high. It feels a bit like playing roulette. I found that the only reason to make industry lines is to make cities grow so you can get more passengers, since the cargo lines themselves hardly make any profit. There is some good in there as well, though, since laying track is a fairly enjoyable experience now. Most of the time the curves make sense and making bridges and tunnels is as easy as putting out the track and using M/N to raise or lower the center point, and it seems to be a lot more forgiving in terms of road crossings and such.The biggest issue, and the primary thing that puts it several leagues behind OTTD, is the fact that train routes seem to be locked to a specific path, rather than be an on-going, dynamic process that finds out ""What's the fastest way for me to get to my destination."" In OTTD, for instance, you could add tracks to a station with 10 platforms, and use signs to make sure that a train entering the station would go to any platform as long as one is available, and you could have massive 10-track highways and trains would dynamically pick a lane based on whether or not it could find a path from that lane. In Transport Fever your line will choose a single platform and a single path, and will follow those instructions to a T, with no dynamic behavior other than ""Stop if signal says to stop."" What this essentially means is that you have almost no tools to deal with a bottle neck other than having multiple lines performing the same task, and balancing the number of trains between them, which is the annoying kind of micromanagement (at least imo.)-Graphics-Graphics are pretty good, I guess. Vehicles look nice. Some more foliage/more interesting grass shaders would be nice as well, but I'm not really that bothered.-Conclusion-It's ultimately a grindy, unoptimised experience that lacks a lot of the depth of games like OTTD, and is more about specific micromanagement than designing dynamic systems."
,Recommended,446800,26488705,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tivec,"TL;DR: I give the game a quite solid 7/10 score.EDIT: I have posted my specs to the review as per request. I have also put another comment about the game at the end of this review.---- Original review ----So, i've played about 3-4 hours so far, got a little imperium of transport going. Here are my first impressions of the game.The first thing I would like to mention is the performance. If I leave the camera sitting still and run the game at normal speed, I get between 40 and 60 fps in windowed mode. This is good, but as soon as I increase game speed by any level, it will drop rapidly. On max speed, I get around 30 FPS if the camera is not moving.Apart from the performance, the game lacks a decent options menu *in game*. You have to exit to the main menu to be able to set any details etc. The game also always starts to full screen, and I have to hit alt-enter to get to windowed mode. It does not have a windowed borderless option, which I see as a shortcoming.My specs are as follows:Intel I7-4770KGeForce 980Ti 6gb32GB RAMGame is run from an SSD drive.Now to the game:The tutorial is easy, and gives you a fairly good intro to the game. It is quite far from actually teaching you all of the game mechanics, and I had to figure quite a lot of it out by myself. For instance, it only briefly tells you that terrain makes things expensive, but it doesn't tell you how to avoid the costs.Once I had played through the tutorials, I figured I'd start up a game of my own. I elected to start on a medium map in 1850. The game settings were good, letting me pick and choose between different vehicle sets. After about 19 years played, I am still not making a decent profit, but it has started to slowly turn the right direction.Placing stations is a bit fiddly, and the rotation method is out of place on the N and M keys. I would rather have them on the WASD keys or on the mouse.So here are my review scores:Graphics options: 6/10.Gameplay: 8/10.Performance: 5/10.Sound and Music: 9/10.Recommendation? Yes, if you like a management game where you get to build trains, cars (or horses in the early years), I highly recommend it. It does not replace OpenTTD in gameplay quality, but it is nice to see a game that at least aspires to be that good.---- Extra comment ----EDIT: After a few more hours in the game, the performance seem to be a lot better. I restarted the game after the world was generated, and since that it seems the performance is slightly better, without as much stutter as before."
76561198010436866,Recommended,446800,30268249,Posted: 1 March,all,goatjam,"I really love this game, but before you go and buy it, beware, there be dragons ahead.Firstly, the good stuff. Building up your transport network is immensely satisfying. The train models are fun and look pretty good. Graphics are overall quite good albeit with quite a lot of weird glitches here and there, especially with scenery in towns and tunnels while engaging the first person ""ride along"" mode. Nothing game breaking of course but there are some glitches you should be aware of.The economic side is quite well done although there is a very steep learning curve. The UI can be a bit opaque and the tutorial doesn't cover everything you can do in the game. You will probably need to look up how to do a lot of things on web forums. Well I did anyway. However once you have crested the learning curve peak then it is a great deal of fun getting all your routes and industries hum along, watching your cities grow and your bank balance finally way from constantly being in the red.That is until you get to circa 1970 in-game.There is nothing worse when playing a game than finding one that you really, really enjoy and putting a whole lot of effort into creating a smoothly operating transport network only to reach a point where the virtual world you have lovingly created has collapsed in to an unplayable crawl because the developers have failed to optimise their code properly.It really is bad. As soon as your cities get to be pretty large the whole thing lags massively. I'm talking 3-4 second freezes a couple of times per minute and slow, stuttering 5-10 fps when it is ""working"".This is after the so-called ""performance patch"" was released.The main problem appears to be that the simulation doesn't utilise multiple CPU cores very well at all so throwing a $1000 beast of graphics card at your rig probably won't give you any joy. Nor will a 4770K i7 do you much good either. There appear to be plenty of people on the web with 4770K's complaining about this issue as well.It's a crying shame as the game really is a huge amount of fun in the early and mid stages. It has a load of potential that is hampered by some very poor decisions made by the developers during the game design phase.It's a crying shame. If the devs ever optimise the game properly (not just some 5% improvement tweak) then it will be highly recommended.Until that happens you should be aware that this game has a lot of potential but it can be a huge disappointment when you have to stop playing a map because it has become unplayable."
76561198249217024,Not Recommended,446800,28597004,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mosquit [CZ],"The game brings a lot of nice stuff, especially for those who came from OpenTTD etc.Graphics looks nice. BUT:A lot of issues and bugs decreases play time to zero- you build a complete new TGV track for hunders of $ milions (with declared max speed 300km/h) and trains slowing down, no idea why (many threads about the issue for many years, even on older Train Fever)- poor signalling options- all trains are Line-based. Do you have your station with 6 platforms to have a place for all trains? Doesn't matter - your line uses only one, and all reamining trains are waiting on track in a queue- a lot of graphic issues.Can't recommend, doesn't worth 30€ or how much was that..."
,Not Recommended,446800,27890569,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jengaleng,"This is a hard review for me to write because I like this game, but can't reccomend it.There is a lot of thought put into the game when it comes to air, land and sea models and progress. Sadly the thoughtfulness ends there, the game leaves much to be desired and becomes frustrating when money runs out with no easy way to turn losses into profits.The second glaring issue is with time, it takes a train a month to travel from one destination to another which is highly unrealistic and completely impractical. By the time I achieve profit it's already 50 years later and I'm still stuck with steam engines or a horse and buggy. Time flies too fast.Demand for supplies: completely invisible statistic that leaves you wondering why a city with dirt roads suddenly doesn't need any construction materials and my profitable line goes bust.I absolutely love games like this and have been widley succesful in playing games of this genre, I will continue to check back on the updates with this game because the foundation is there but the polish is not."
76561198129623561,Recommended,446800,26487073,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,geneomead,"It's great!  Think TTD (or OpenTTD).... on steroids!   If you like the old TTD or setting up your own transportation network, you'll love this one.Most negative reviews are from people with graphics problems with their computer (outdated drivers, trying to use their integrated card, etc.)- not game problems.  If you have a graphics problem, see the pinned section in the Discussions.  Also, some people mentioned load-time problems.  When creating a new  game (world), it does takes a few seconds.  Much faster loading the world after that.No graphics problems here.  Looks and runs great!  Well worth the cost of admission."
76561198011333502,Recommended,446800,30679456,Posted: 22 March,all,Abbittibbi,"150 years of transportation, no accidents, no late arrivals, no lost luggage and no downtime.This game is addictive. It's a great overall game, with lots of potential to grow and improve. In terms of stability, I've not experience many crashes or bugs, except for out-of-date mod, which have been corrected since. There is a little bit of frame drop late game, but nothing to get crazy about, as it happen mostly mid and end month when there is high budget calculations with a very heavy network. It is very fluid and pleasant to grow a game into late stages. Game mechanic and coding are very stable and well done. Graphics, textures details, sound and soundtrack are above average.As for graphics, it work fine for me, except as above, with all graphics set to top. Of course, using 64GB RAM, along with NVIDIA GTX 1070-STRIX with 8GB helps a lot on stability and maximum visual settings. I've now grown network to 1000+ land vehicules, over 180 trains on 60 routes, add to it a couple of airliners, some water shipping or ferries and tons of scenery, just to notice how fluid is entire thing.The maps overall look great and are very fun to play on, adapting roads, assets and rails to terrain levels, or adapting the terrain to the commercial needs are both awesome to plan and built. It's missing more natural visuals, like seasons, or other weather related events. Maps are still way too small at the biggest size allowed by the random engine, especially for the planes(Concorde being on top). But it's the same for train lines after a moment, as everything that counts is connected and the rest is only management or expansions of existing, way over building new expansion or empire grow. Thus creating the need for off-map connectors, where your vehicules disapear for a while and do buisness ''with others''. This is where the workshop and great community people(thanks a lot to them) comes in handy, downloading assets will make it more enjoyable, filling gap time where you wait for incomes, for building things like giant train depot(best part to me!). There is also some place for improvement in random engine map generator for it to allow better choice of map. Even if it's not bad, it should allow players to chose closely for  terrain elevation and difference, choice of coastal, islands or inland,  choice of streams, rivers or lake choices and so on. Water generation needs some love, as most river as too tight for bigger ships. Right now, I start average 10 games to keep one, using random generator.It's a smooth start and curve to grow as transport tycoon, leaving lots of place for imagination, planning and future grow. Things have to be meticulously planned 100 years ahead, and it's very enjoyable to have to do so.There are lots of models to choose from in basic game, especially trains, which show the background of this game(Train fever) and models where brought in from the previous game. As for other mean of transports, planes, ships and land vehicules, the choice come back often to the same, but the workshop and community is here to solve this problem, as the library is filling.Freeplay(or sandbox) is absolutely crucial for me as tycoon, is the part I've played the most as my preference leaves me to built it all as I wish, leaving little room for the carreer mode in the process, which force me to play a certain way. After a couple of directed missions, I turned it all to freeplay, achievements are off, since mods are must and always on.Difficulty has a huge gap between the three level where easy is REALLY easy, leaving the managements with overfundings and indecent profits, allowing the full network expansion very early. In easy mode, you can also leave trains to rust in train yard without thinking about losing money. Medium is really a careful job to take, as no mistakes are allowed, very miticulous overlooking is needed at all moment, and no crazy spending will be tolerated by the owners. Hard is really a part that takes it's name, nearly impossible to make profits and stay in the green, as not even stupid ideas are acceptable at this level, and requires micromanagement of everything, very high attention is required every second. The hard level could be called impossible.Conducting and travelling on board vehicule is very sweet, especially for trains, but is also great to visit towns on the ground level or allows you to break from management for a moment, adding variety to the game. Town buildings upgrade smoothly and are very nice to visit during the entire game. The basic speed of the game is way to quick for tycoons like me, as X4 speed time reduction mod(from workshop) is magic to me, always enable.Late game can be very complicated to keep track of everything, but menus are very well done and are helping management a lot. A game can end up with over 2000 vehicules to keep track of, all with their particulars routes, stats and costs to keep in mind. I have not seen a end time in any of my games.Downside are few and easy to correct if the production is ever interested. Most are just minor missing things like adding a button to manual horn for vehicules(for the fun of it), international off-map connectors, day/night cycles, weather and seasons. Some other are major missing but not annoying enough to stop playing, like naming the Company, unique Company related building(like a HQ, warehouses, other Company assets), research and devellopement(tech tree), vehicules accidents, time/economic related events and other types of normal downtime(mechanical or else). It's also highly missing town normal buildings like police or fire stations, Town Hall, government buildings, and parks. One other little thing: there is no risks at all, and no competition, and the only way to fail really, is going bankrupted. I wish for advanced company management(like shares or town work contracts) capability, various financials events(stock crashes, booms or recessions), time related(real of fictious) events and even disasters to be implemented. It's also missing a key cargo sectors(raw material or factories), like automobile, electronics, precious metals mines(gold and silver, for exemple) but one can live without it, untill they bring a DLC only(cause after that, grrrr!!!). One last little thing, it's missing MAIL&PARCEL... which would be great addition to passenger services(trains, ships, planes and land too). Where is that check they told me it was in the mail?Another thing that could be improved are counters, both for cargo count(passenger included) and vehicules, as it's hard to keep track of assets when icons fill half the view of a station. When many vehicules are set on a line, you need to count them instead of having one visual icon of the active vehicule and multplier sign sidding it. Same problem for cargo, as it piles up tons of the same icon over a station or industry, instead of one icon and multiplier number. Good thing it can be disable on main map.Planes may not the best, as service frequency and attendence are low, cost very high and airports are half most cities size. They remain very fun to plan and have on just about any maps, even if the map size is set to small. Air cargo exist as mod, is also nice addition. Concorde is by very far my best model in this game, and all my games have at least one in service in it, even running in the red.Cities are great to look at grow or visit as your transport empire will expand in this game. It may not be for all younger fans to play this game but overall is for everyone, without violence and great planning/building game. It is a great game and with some love may be a classic soon. Sure hope for more about this game and wish this franchise the best. Community is great and growing.In the end, it's a train game, but everything else is highly welcomed to support them. It's a great decision I made to get this title, as I'm looking forward to add many hours into it in the short coming time."
76561197971743648,Not Recommended,446800,29084757,Posted: 7 January,all,Sledge,"Having played similiar games this game has a lot going for it, whilst the Devs have put so much detail into the game they have overlooked the simple things like a manual,  which means you are forced to spend time trawling the forums looking for answers.   The in-game tutorials only cover a very basic level and don't cover the full supply chain.The in-game time is interesting as what should be hours/minutes is actually days, which means a train takes 1 day to travel 500 yards.After a number of days I was left frustrated and have since shelved the game in hope that more information becomes available."
76561197975282784,Recommended,446800,30502827,Posted: 13 March,all,Sebonline,"This game really satisfies my itch. The demand and supply simulation is very good and can deal with complex set ups. Strategy and organisation is key to success to avoid reworking sessions (which is unavoidable to some degree). The game also looks its part, great visuals and good looking vehicals. But now to the negatives;* The mid/late game suffers from game breaking performance issues due to too many vehicals or calculations.* CPU is the bottelneck and loads of calculation aren't or can't be multithreaded* when editing routes or buildings, trains can switch directions and can cause deadlocks which are hard to spot.* laying tracks can sometimes turn into brutforce attempts to get them down, the game engine will not allways help you find a working, optimized path, which results in lots of laying tracks --> deleting tracks --> redoing tracks --> repeat until you get a working track* catchment area and game mechanic aren't shared by the developers, which turns into trail and error and lots of forum reading if you want to understand why stuff isn't working, even if it seems logical.in the end, the most frustrating things that happen, are things you think are bugs, but which turn out to be your own fault, because you do mistake within the complexity of the rules involved in setting up new lines. Better error message could help to troubleshoot more quickly.All in all its a very addictive game and i am really waiting for more patches and cool content to come out of the workshop."
76561198051217235,Not Recommended,446800,30108997,Posted: 22 February,all,Pipo,"Possibly the best tycoon game ever. Very difficult to master, but oh so satisfying if you do.I really, really wanted to give this game a big, fat thumbs up in my first 80 hours of gameplay, but I can't now.After spending a lot of hours developing a map and increasing traffic, the game started to lag. One minute you have fun, the next it's over and you have to end the map just when things where doing great.At this point the game is unplayable and frustrating. I really hope the developers will solve this issue because this would be a game I keep playing for the next several years.Processor: AMD A10-6700Graphics card: AMD Radeon R9 255"
,Recommended,446800,26556558,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nidriks,"I've put in 22 hours on Transport Fever now. I've done a lot of restarting and a lot of learning. I feel like now would be a good time to write up how I feel about the game. Long story short, I am really enjoying this game. It is much improved on the previous game by Urban Games, that was simply called Train Fever, so if you weren't impressed with Train Fever then be rest assured that Transport Fever is a huge improvement, not only in the depth of the game, but the polish is there in abundance. This is a fantastic looking game that will have you purring with pleasure when a steam engine pulls in to a station.This is not to say there aren't a few hiccups, because there are, but many of the things you may feel are broken or frustrating in your first few hours will make themselves clearer with time and effort.Chief among these is the signalling system. It is hard to get signalling right, and quite often trains will stop and have you asking why they did so. There are two signals; one to simply stop trains or denote a one way section of track, and another that acts like a station to waypoint trains on to certain sections of track. How you use these signals is key and you can't just plop down a signal and hope that trains will just 'work'. You have to think about where you need trains to go.It is a part of Transport Fever that I have come to really enjoy. It can be frustrating, yes, but very satisfying when you get a train line working just the way you want it. Take some time to understand the signalling aspect of the game before you give up and/or complain. As I was learning the game I'd find myself getting angry that trains were stopping, or going down a different route than I had intended, only to then find it was because I had missed a signal or put a piece of track in the wrong place.Now on to the general aesthetic of the game; the sights and the sounds. Simply put, Transport Fever is a beautiful looking game. The towns look quaint and picturesque, the far off landscape rolling across the horizon like something out of a picture book. Follow a bus around a town and you'll feel like you're there, marvelling at the tea shops and the little general stores. Town residents are not modelled to the standard you might see in a so-called Triple-A game, but the clothing is period specific and looks great.The real stand out feature in the look of this game are the vehicles. The models are absolutely spendid, evoking the feel of the steam age and having you zoom in to look at the trains at every possibility. The effort that Urban Games have put in to the look and feel of Transport Fever shoots the rating of this game up quite a few notches, and is something they really need to be commended for.The music is not for everyone, but I've grown to love it. It's by the same guy who did the music for Train Fever. He goes by the name of Admiral James T., and he appears to be some German or Austrian rock n' roll singer-songwriter. The songs all remind me of classics from yesteryear. It's knee-tapping stuff and rolls by effortlessly, much like the trains.There are some niggles, but they don't detract from the game in my opinion. Building takes some patience, and you need to be careful how you place your rails or you're going to rack up quite an expenditure. Placing roads is something I find was maybe skimped on a bit, or maybe it was the controls (or reporting of those controls). For instance, making a road straight takes a steady hand, or you'll move the mouse slightly and a road will skew off at a crazy angle. Luckily roads or rails will never auto build. You'll always have the chance to affirm a build.Building bridges and tunnels is my biggest gripe. It just doesn't feel intuitive to me. I get how it works but would rather there was a simpler way of placing a bridge, such as selecting to build a bridge from the build menus. I'm not saying it's not possible, but I find it rather infuriating right now.The business angle of Transport Fever is interesting, and reminds me of Railroad Tycoon 2 (RT2) in many ways. Overall though, I would have liked to see a few more things added to help you boost production and make more money. Being able to expand you business in ways, like RT2 did, such as the buying of hotels, post offices or even industry buildings would be a lovely addition to the game. When you originally look around your starting map it can be frustrating to realise that all your oil refining inustry is on the other side of the map from your oil wells, and I feel you have to ask why this would occur. Who would build a refinery nowhere near an oil well? It's a little strange, and makes the game more a puzzler in that you have to weave your rails and road networks about to reach far off industries. I don't believe it would make the game too easy if you were able to invest in building a refinery near to an oil well.Of course, Urban Games have made the game fully moddable, so who knows what we'll see from the modding community.Performance-wise, the game runs well enough. I experience a few jitters from time to time, and I did have to lower the AA when I first loaded up the game. With a GTX 980, 16GB RAM and an i7-5820 I'm running the game almost perfectly well with most things turned on. Basically, I can't complain about the performance. It can be slow to load saves though, but not frustratingly enough that you'll be twiddling your thumbs and shouting 'come on'. I guess that depends on how much caffeine you've had.Overall I am very glad I bought Transport Fever. I was left very frustrated by Train Fever and had doubts when I saw this announced, but kudos to Urban Games for really coming through on this one and delivering a very solid product.There's a bit of a learning curve, yes, some of the controls are a little fiddly and I'd love to see some enhancements to the business side of the game, but Transport Fever has fantastic potemtial to grow in to a game as beloved as the Railroad Tycoon series.I'd liken this game to Cities Skylines when it comes to improving a genre for the current age. Transport Fever brings transport simulators back in to the limelight by making a really splendid little game."
76561198281415860,Not Recommended,446800,29084233,Posted: 7 January,all,Sanjab,"For now, it is best not to buy this game. Although I have enjoyed playing it, it has room to grow. And a lot! UI is a nightmare and incredibly tedious (specially when you have to do modifications on a line among 50 others! It's an eye killer!)Above all other issues that I won't get into, performance of this game drops significantly as your cities grow to be big; which is a shame because it's the time when you start actually earning big bucks and want to spend it more but it becomes virtually a chore playing it with fps dropping to below 10 fps! And also, every click on anything takes longer than 3 seconds. Modifying a line can take up to 30 seconds to be processed during which the game becomes unresponsive.This game has a lot of potential. But devs should address performance issues before anything else.. and hopefully the horrid UI after that!Consider all of the above and then some before paying for this."
76561198020637074,Recommended,446800,34150214,Posted: 10 August,all,MrT,"Had a few hours into this game now and loving it. Very relaxing. Performance however is horrible, game uses 1 core. 1 core, in 2017? Really? This game is not GPU heavy by any means. Performance could be so much better if adding support for more cores."
76561198006615229,Recommended,446800,28441094,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,warpedgabs,Wow - What a game! This is the Transport Tycoon for the 21st Century!What I really like about this game:- graphics are gorgeous and vehicle models are outstanding- fantastic simulation of goods and services- Ability to sit back and watch HD trains and buses roll past. Airports are also excellent to watch as well. Great for people who like plane watching and train watching - or those who just like creating model railroads!- Towns grow over time- Citizens are simulated and use lines effectively. Ie: If a citizen wants to visit city 2 to go to a shop - they will use all your lines like we would in real life! Eg: Take bus to train station. Take train to city B. Then take bus to shops. Amazing!What I would like to see implemented:- Competitors (No AI Competitor in the game currently)- More resource types and industryOverall an outstanding game. I could pass by hours just by watching my trains wizz past. Amazing! Highly recommended.
76561197970160835,Recommended,446800,30069430,Posted: 20 February,all,theo20185,"I wrote a review about Train Fever and all the elements I disliked about the game. Basically, there were a lot of other business simulation games from the past that did elements better, such as Transport Tycoon, Simutrans, Railroad Tycoon, and Cities in Motion. Train Fever tried to pull everything together into one game, and failed. Transport Fever is very much like Train Fever, however some items have been corrected.There are now production chains and multiple end-products to supply to cities. That change alone has made a world of difference and allows for some creative lines. You can no longer supply 3 or 4 cities entire demand from a single production chain.Goods no longer move themselves. This creates new challenges because delivery into a city means getting the goods into the right areas rather than just dropping them off outside the city and letting them make their own way to appropriate industries.The game now tries to prevent road traffic from backing up at pickup points by allowing them to ghost through one another after a certain period of time elapses with no movement. That's a wonderful addition.All stops (rail station, bus stop, freight pickup, harbor, etc.) now have catchment areas. It's much easier to see how much of the city will be covered by your network, but it creates new challenges, such as setting up end-products for delivery to the right city zones.There are new modes of transportation including sea and air. These add far more opportunities to building freight lines to distribute to many cities and is another welcome addition.Train stations can now be upgraded without having to bulldoze them. Add platforms with ease, and remove them as well. Connect the new platforms, and viola!This game is an improvement on Train Fever, but there are still elements lacking I'd like to see implemented. For starters, I would like to have access to pieces that make up freight pickup points and then design my own stations like in Simutrans. Don't make me place a large truck stop and watch my trucks struggle to make it through crowded areas. Give me the loading docks and let me use the existing road tools to forge a large station that has a line of bays with routing like trains. Same with the trains. Let me place loading dock pieces alongside track so I don't need to build a station of a predetermined length.With the new additions, I will recommend Transport Fever. It's a much needed improvement over Train Fever that still lacks features from past games, and if Transport Fever is any indication, the developer will hopefully get those missing features ready for the next release."
,Recommended,446800,26540341,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,~ Molly ~,"Transport Fever : fun and relax game ♥The game is better, compare to Train Fever, it extent the contents, everything look nice and easy to use, the city and everything else look alive than before. plus first person view that will help you enjoy the game even more.For the new player who look to get into this game, it isone ofthe best Simulation game, that I recommend you to try it out, transport are cover from ground to air, and a lot more for you to do.Witness your transport company grow with the town while the great soundtrack playing on the background are one of the best feeling that Simulation fan will love it."
76561198074720971,Recommended,446800,26575470,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,cranium1,"Transport Fever is a great game. I havn't had this much fun building a railroad since Railroad Tycoon 3. However, this is much more than just a railroad empire building game... you need automobiles in your cities to get passengers to and fro from your rail stations. Then there are boats and planes as well but I havn't tried them yet.Pros:-Depth. The economic simulation, which makes or breaks any strategy game, seems pretty solid. Cities grow over time and expand. Your station built on the suburbs eventually gets surrounded by homes and factories and shops. Supplying goods and transporting passengers means faster growth for industries and cities.-Graphis. The game look great, the trains are yummy!-Pacing. It actually feels like I am advancing through the early industrial age with barely any locomotives and horse driven stage coaches in the beginning to poweful steam locomotives later on. I started in 1850 and I am still in 1892!-Construction. The track laying is intuitive and logical. (Pro tip: Always use the contour map mode to lay tracks. Saves you from building too many expensive tunnels or bridges. Actually, I like tunnels and bridges so use the contour map to build moaar of them).-Trains. Yea I love them trains.-Modding. I need more real world maps and have tasked some nice modders to make them for me. Do good work modders, make railroading great again!Oh and did I mentin the game has trains?Cons:-Interface. Needs some work. Although there is a screen/ feature for everything it needs to be more streamlined.-Althoug the cities look great, the countryside seems a bit sparse. The forested areas are cool but the grasslands are very meh. Maybe add wildlife, birds, fishes, shrubbery and such.A lot of the negative reviews have to do with performance issues. I have a 2 year old 780Ti and I can run the game on max setting without issues. People expect to run 2016 games on their rotten potatoes and then cry foul when stuff doesn't work. This is not a silly mobile game - it's a deep simulation although you can play it casually enough. I hope for some quick patches to improve the interface and modders can do the rest soon enough.TL;DR: TRAINS !!!!!"
76561198010238292,Recommended,446800,34888650,Posted: 11 September,all,tpitt,I really enjoy this game. If your into city buildingt this game is also for you. The art of growing your city using every transport need available from 1850 to present day is there for you to use providing you make money.Buy it you will become addicted. I normally get bored with a game after awhile but I keep coming back to this one. The community  is also good and upgrades are still available and the devs improve everything still.My only complaint is with the rail Signalling system. I was a Signalman for several years and NO WAY would this system work. Block signalling is good but crossover and junction signalling is horrendous.
76561198056664783,Recommended,446800,26513159,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TheCakeIsAPie,"Such a great sequel to Train Fever. It has the same aspects of Train Fever only it improves upon them and also adds new things like planes, boats, and 2 campaigns. All in all, this is well worth buying."
76561198012780465,Recommended,446800,26508913,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Valar Morghulis,"First things first. I really liked Train Fever, and I do like Transport Fever a lot. There are so many new goods, you can transport, which was one thing that bugged me in Train Fever.I personally can't understand most of the bad reviews, because they all complain about not having enough money at start, or factories being broken. But in fact it works as intended. You're not supposed to sell all your goods in residential areas, you have to look out for the industry/economic areas and place your truck station there. My factories never stoped their work once! And you'll get enough money out of passanger transport if you've got your bus/tram lines up and running, and transport them to the next train station.Yeah there are still some bugs and graphic glitches in my game, and yeah in my opinion they should've released it a little bit later or in Early Access, but I still think it's a great game, and if you're really looking for a great transport simulator with nice graphics and as far as I can tell, already an huge mod support for a lot of different vehicles, this is the game for you."
76561198100156623,Recommended,446800,32810502,Posted: 26 June,all,vurius,"After 85h on record I can definitively recommend this game. It’s a rather slow pace simulation game, which I like. Good graphics, nice amount of variation in means of transport and vehicles. Basically it is a transport tycoon remake, with a beautiful system to lay tracks on a non-grid environment and slightly improved game mechanics.A few remarks are though that the difficulty is rather hard in the beginning of a game and after a while it starts getting easier. The economic (goods) system works, but the same as in transport tycoon is pays for the distance transported rather than actual demand. This means that you earn more if you transport more goods. This is rather easy to ‘hack’ so it makes the game less fun.The transportation of people is actually super nice. The demand changes according to the offer, so it’s an ongoing challenge to transport all people. The game is also highly moddable, so a lot of user content is available in the workshop."
,Not Recommended,446800,26546502,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Fluffy Tank Fairy,"I am a seasoned veteran of Tycoon style games. Railroad Tycoon, Industry Giant, etc, and I was very much looking forward to this game as we would finally have a decent ""current gen"" Tycoon game.For that reason I cannot recommend this game to someone such as myself. The supply/demand system and line function is immensely frustrating and for someone whose passion is creating intricate, micromanaged networks, this game is utterly disappointing.Transport fever strays from the ""x units/year per industry"" method and uses a more flexible ""supply-matches-demand"" system. Which would be fine on paper. If it worked.The supply/demand chain has ""features"" that maniuplate production at industries, that have been completely obfusicated from the player. For example, an oil well can be connected to refinery with is then networked to two towns, each demanding ~250 fuel a year. The refinery is easily capable of this, as is the oil well. Yet the well will fail to produce enough oil to supply the refinery which in turn does not supply the demand of the towns. Adding more trains or more wagons does nothing. There is ample demand at the towns (combined total between two towns of nearly 500), and ample carrying capacity. Yet the production doesn't rise, with no explanation given as to why. The trains either run empty, losing money, or sit at the depot waiting for the oil well's mediocre production to fill them. Two trains with a combined capacity of 200 units, and the oil well's production drops to ~30 units or less.That's if it doesn't just shut down on its own completely. With trains waiting for cargo... This is either a bug or a ""feature"". Again, no explanation is given to the player as to why this is happening. No message is set or error generated. The trains just stop or run empty with ""Line usage = no"" on the industry's info box.It should be simpler. Or at least better explained. A town demands 250 fuel, a refinery turns 250 oil into fuel, and an oil well provides 250 oil. A train carries those 250 units around. So why doesn't it work?TL;DR: I cannot recommend this game due to the lack of transparency in the supply/demand process of the game combined with confusing and nonsensical functionality. It makes figuring out how it all works extremely frustrating and removes the enjoyment of the game for me. There may be people out there who have learnt the system's quirks and can produce results, but that sort of messing around isn't what a tycoon game should be."
76561198268440163,Recommended,446800,33586602,Posted: 16 July,all,CarBro74,"This is a really great game! All though looks simple on paper it clearly is very complex but very interesting. Inside and out the game is very detailed and the mods make it look even better. I reccommend this game, because it is just very great and pretty time consuming."
,Recommended,446800,26488500,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sokanas,"This game needs serious optimisation.Pros:+ Pretty typical of the transport simulation genreAlthough it doesn't particularly add anything new+ Controls are pretty good, although I'd like more control over road/rail angles and the ability to have straight pathsCons:- FPS issues- Graphical Glitches- Lacks the ability to 'found businesses / industry' that is in pretty much in any other game of this type- Needs additional miscellenous content- Placing airports is a massive pain in the a**- Terrain controls need tweaking, sliders for brush size / pressure would be ideal. Increase max brush size would also be useful.- Load Times are pretty longThe biggest problem that hinders playability is the FPS problems and the load times.Will be an alright game once it gets a few patches I think."
76561198260364811,Recommended,446800,28532520,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Thork,"Endless hours of fun to be had by certain ""gamers"".Let me start by saying: This is not a game for the mainstream market.If you're the kind of guy that likes fine-tuning and spent hours perfecting his track-layouts in Railroad Tycoon 3 - this is the one game to get!I have not written a review in about a decade. So this praise is ment from the heart as I can feel the love that went into making this work of art.I have not had any of the technical problems that i see mentioned in other reviews. The game worked fine since release with only a few quirks and not a single crash in hundreds of hours playing, including frequent switches into the background.To keep this short: Of course certain gameplay aspects could be done differently, but many are done very well.If i had single wish: More of these wonderful campaigns (by DLC)."
,Recommended,446800,31317009,Posted: 23 April,all,MacKashi,"With 94 hours under my belt at time of writing I think I can finally say that I've cracked it.If there is a better way to create and run a transport empire I have not found it yet. Although it is far from straightforward, in the beginning at least, a beginning thats eaten nearly 100 hours.The tutorial does little more than show you the basic camera controls  and how to buy a train... Then you're on your own.  This would be a little daunting to the modern gamer who may be used to having their hand held throughout everyday AAA titles.  However, Transport Fevers attitude towards chucking you in the deep end and letting you figure it out for yourself is rather refreshing. Whether you sink or swim is completely up to you and your own experimentation.  Expect to fail, many times.  Once you've mastered the mechanics of the game it transforms into a creatively relaxing timesink.The game is far from perfect, with some perplexing AI that requires some tweaking and the inevitable slow down that occurs with hundereds of vehicles trundling along their given routes.  With the updates provided thus far and the ongoing support I'm certain the game will recieve gives me confidence that there will continue to be tweaks and fixes to enhance the game.I will note that a signals tutorial would be a welcome addition for those of us who are not well aquainted with the intricacies of managing train lines.That said I can fully recommend this game and look forward to seeing where the game goes from here."
,Recommended,446800,26614840,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Argyll,"TL;DR Growing up as a kid playing with cars and trucks, and both grandfathers having train sets, I can finally nerd-out as a 30-year-old man by transporting goods in a living virtual world. But hey, at least my girlfriend thinks it's 'cute'.At time of writing, Steam reviews indicate a 69% rating, and I feel that is underrated. Should be 8/10 in my humble opinion, especially for the value of the price. The developers are attentive of the community's response and needs; already outlining post-launch update plans to continue supporting the game.I've been sinking many hours into this game recently. I hadn't played any transport sim games before, so not carrying any baggage of expectations of what this game should be. This is a fresh perspective, taking the game for what it is.Performance is decent on my Razer Blade laptop. Looking forward to shorter load times and smoother fly through the environments on my home PC once I return from traveling.It took around 10 hours to learn the nuances and mechanics of the game's design. I followed the Tutorials, then played the US Campaign through the Wild West and most of the Industrialization campaign, until I couldn't really balance the budget properly to win. Instead of starting over, jumped into a Free Mode game to explore more of the vehicles in the late-game. I've been playing on a custom generated map, but might go back to the campaign missions for some refreshing challenges or maybe learn more about the game that I haven't discovered on my own.I love the attention to detail and realistic representation of the vehicles that are unlocked over the years. Having that historic progression is great. It's oddly exciting to establish a passenger train line with the same iconic 'green caterpillar' GO train cars or a tram line with the 'Red Rocket' streetcars of Toronto - the same I ride often in real life.Workshop support is fantastic, as I can already see existing mods and envision many new mods that will extend the longevity of this game and add more depth of content. They've built a powerful and accessible mod platform. I might explore creating mods of my own, if I have time away from designing and publishing games for a living."
76561198035538641,Recommended,446800,32826221,Posted: 26 June,all,George T. Spicer,"This game is great if you are into management sims like Factorio or automating stuff in Minecraft. Transport Fever is a huge improvement over Train Fever offering more content in terms of trains and new planes and boats. Track laying has also been improved offering more complex layouts and junctions.However Transport Fever still suffers from performance issues from its predecessor. There is a noticeable framerate drop with large amounts of objects on the screen. Framerate also seems the drop after 10 or 15 years even without a bunch of stuff on the map (memory leak?)Even with some performance issues, Transport Fever comes highly recommended from me. Its a game that I can play for hours: tinkering with junctions and signals to reduce waiting time, adding new passenger and cargo lines to far away cities. Its very relaxing to throw on some music and just chill for a couple of hours. Get it NOW"
76561198079167443,Recommended,446800,31286378,Posted: 21 April,all,bryanjkautzman,"I feel compelled to leave a review on this game because of hot awesome it is.I am a huge fan of transportation like games.  In my humble opinion, the best of the genre of all time was Railroad Tycoon 3.  That game still plays well today almost 15 years after its release.  I will go so far as to say that RRT3 is one of the greatest games in gaming history, and it's sequel Sid Meier's Railroads! was nowhere near as good.This game brings back a lot of the nostalgia that I feel when I play RRT3, and they even added a lot.  It's more than just railroads.  It's a complete transportation game, and they actually improved on RRT3 in a lot of ways.  However, I think that says a lot about RRT3 in that it took 14 years for someone to actually relase something that was better.If you're familiar with transport simulations, the general gist of this is pretty straightforward.  There is a pretty rough learning curve.  I went at the tutorials twice before giving up on them and jumping into a game.  I had to restart at least a dozen times on the easiest setting because I quickly went bankrupt.  It took quite some time to build a sustainable company, but I've been having a blast learning how to do it.My favorite part of the game, though, is the GUI.  I very rarely say this, but the GUI in this game was done right.  It does have a learning curve, but once the basics are figured out, the GUI is highly customizable.  I usually have 2 windows that show my trains and my stations open at all times so I can monitor what is being transported.  If a vehicle is empty, I need to figure out why.  If the waiting queue in one of my stations is high, I need to figure out why.  I love how easy they made it to see this important aspect of the business.  Kudos to the GUI designers for a huge win here.  It is quite possibly the best GUI I've ever encountered.Since the game is so awesome in just about every way, I figured I would run through a list of the cons instead.First off, the game is a lot like RRT3 in that, whether it is due to poor programming or simply memory requirements, my well-specced system cannot handle a larger map once a bit of infrastructure is built.  Therefore, I recommend sticking to the smaller maps.  This game isn't about building a huge transportation empire anyway.  It's about building a good transportation network.Some of the quirks of plopping buildings and tracks can get quite annoying.  I frequently have to go investigate why a line isn't working only to find out that the track I laid doesn't match up exactly.  Also, I have yet to figure out how to make a station platform longer.  When I try, there is always something in the way.  I get around this by just building the largest station platform available right away.I wish they had a faster mode.  I spend most of my time playing the fastest speed, and it usually isn't fast enough.The trains aren't very smart.  You have to be very careful on how you build the tracks to make sure that the trains go where they are supposed to go.  I suppose this adds to the fun once you start to catch on to the reasons why trains get stuck ont he same track, but it can be highly annoying when it creeps up on you.I might come back to update once I learn more about the game, but for now, I've been away from the game long enough."
76561197985410756,Recommended,446800,28130107,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ikiro,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is addicting. It's probably possible (technically) to play for less than 5 hours at a time, but I have not managed it yet. Huge replayability, there are so many ways to tackle missions and goals. I barely even focus on them, I'm so engrossed in growing my cities on the map by improving their infrastructure and watching them develop on their own. And it has Steam Workshop, so basically users are going to generate mountains of content to keep changing up the play experience.I was really on the fence about buying, since I've seen lots of bugs demonstrated on YouTube, but this is a game I explect to playing for years to come."
,Recommended,446800,34066863,Posted: 6 August,all,DAMN RATHER,"Transport Fever is essentially a major update to Train Fever. An improvement to a great game.But is it worth the price if you already have Train Fever? I got Transport Fever for $25 and I'd say it was marginally worth it. Still work to be done.Major improvements:-Graphics, it's a much prettier game. Trains are shiny and there are now models for train engineers and passengers. Trains can now be colored.-Performance is significantly improved.-Track laying is MUCH better. Train Fever was quite fickle about it. Now, there are fewer ridiculous errors when trying to lay a track. You can also now crisscross tracks, which is great (though it leads me to create disgusting spaghetti networks, but that's my own problem).-Planes and boats.-Train statistics balanced. In Train Fever, many American trains were almost totally superior to their European counterparts, especially in the early game. This is no longer the case, so if you play with both European and American trains available, there's actually a reason to use these European trains.-Steam Workshop!Major changes needing more improvement:-Train economics changed. Running costs are much higher, so trains running with more cars than needed will cost you. I find this change to make the game more difficult and punishing, and less fun. I find Easy difficulty is no longer easy.Things which are NOT improved:-Map generation doesn't seem significantly improved.-There aren't significantly more trains available. Early-game train variety is still low. Would have liked to seen more early-era locomotives and early electric trains (you still get electric tracks before the first electric train)."
76561198030374060,Recommended,446800,26560970,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Nukealope,"Very cool game.  Not exactly the most intuitive, but this is a worthy successor to Transport Tycoon.  But you'll have to rethink some things.  The big issue with this game is the terrible tutorial.  It really needs to dig into the supply and demand issues and explain exactly how this all works, as its nothing like previous titles.Also, I did have to reduce my font size on Windows 10 from 125% to 100% to be able to reach the options on the initial startup menu... but no big deal.Unlike Transport Tycoon, this game doesn't just throw money at you.  Even without AI competitition, you'll have to link several supply chains together and find a suitable final vendor before you can begin to really make money transporting goods.  Setting up a rail yard to accept grain and cattle won't do it.  You have to have a end point that can make the sell before the farm will begin using your rail line.  This can include pickups with ships, trucks, whatever... but it won't begin shipping until your chain reaches the vendor.Also, as lines are created, the manufacturer will slowly ramp up production... and will ship their products specifically to one point on your rail yard platform.  If you have a train that arrives on another side of the platform and wishes to pickup food... well, too bad.  He will sit there for likely a year while the food processing plant retools production to include the other side of the rail platform.  I once had this happen, and a train sat in a rail yard for nearly a year with 30 units of food across the platform.  That food was already earmarked to picked up by another line though...The switches... well, they aren't an issue, but remember to check your lines that are created before and after throwing down some switches.  Lines are the big indicator as to where you trains will end up trying to go.   If they're not going where you want... then you're doing it wrong.This isn't an easy game.  You can go broke even with everything working in your favor.  It can be frustrating.  I've survived, not thrived, but survived for about 70 years as a rail line, and am still in crazy debt.  I'm to the point that I've got so much wasted money that I can't afford to upgrade all my vehicles and keep them current.  I'm actually taking offers on the bum company if any is interested.Great game though.  Great graphics, and immersive, and a very detailed business sim.  There's a few glitches that I'm sure will get fixed with some updates.   They've done Transport Tycoon proud and then some.  Unfortunately, without a much, much better tutorial system, this game will leave a bad taste in the mouth of new gamers after a short time.  This entire game could be undone by a poor tutorial...  and that's a crime."
76561198016507741,Not Recommended,446800,29128966,Posted: 8 January,all,acrawford,"There are some nice features in this game, but on the whole it is an excercise in frustration.Expect to see a world with three large farms in the bottom-left of your game area, and a single food processing plant in the top-right.... up a mountain, in terrain that can't be built on. The idea that this scenario would actually ever occur in real life is obvious nonsense. The fact that you can't just say ""I need to build a food processing plant HERE"", like every actual railway magnate did in actuall history, is a major omission.Generally building railways at all is to be avoided in this game. As well as being cripplingly expensive, it requires a detailed understanding of the COMPLETELY UNDOCUMENTED behaviour of signals and passing loops inside the game. Even with this you will find that your new meticulously planned route doesn't work, with a train sitting in ""NO PATH"" status even though it plainly has an empty and direct line to the next destination. Building lines is fiddly beyond belief - the game believes it's much more likely that you intend to build a new line which terminates - complete with buffers - in the middle of your existing line, than that you intended to build a junction. It doesn't allow automatic building of double track, or upgrading to double track. In a town, you need a separate station for each line... and also a separate goods station for each line, even though in real life this is nonsense.Buses and trucks are actually much easier to work with. It's possible to ""win"" this game (in the sense of making a ton of money) by just putting together some bus and truck routes, and never upgrading them, and never doing anything else at all.Upgrades are dumb. All over Europe, railways electrified in the 1950s onwards because it saved them money - much lower maintenance, fuel, and running costs generally. But in the world of Transport Fever, not only do electric trains cost (much) more to buy, they also have higher running costs.There are so many other micro-frustrations I could mention but this review is getting long enough. Suffice to say, I don't recommend it, although it would be a good gift for someone you don't really like."
76561198008366464,Recommended,446800,26522914,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,moozzie,There is a lot of bad comments about Transport Fevers signal system which they compare to (open)TTD which i would like to clarify a bit.The complain is that a train always goes to the assigned platform and does not 'smart' pick a free platform. Which is possible in TTD with proper use of TTD's signal system. The reason that this can not be done in Transport Fever is because Transport Fever leans highly to be a simulation game. The goods that should be pickup are on that platform. If the train comes in on another (free) platform than all the goods needs to be moved which would be really time consuming. It is pretty rare that happens in real life.
,Not Recommended,446800,32029254,Posted: 28 May,all,One Million Pants,"After the patches to date I have to say I'm extremely saddened by this game. It has a lot of potential but everything is appallingly shallow; clearly a lot of effort has gone into the beautiful graphics, and, as a software toy, it's fun.But it just isn't a game. There is no core game loop to speak of because start->finish is an utterly linear progression... the early phase of which is so painfully slow that it's best to just skip.And then why bother?It just doesn't work. A real shame."
,Recommended,446800,28174307,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bert,A game that makes hours pass without you even noticing because there is so much for your to manage. I find it a great way to forget about the stresses of life.
,Recommended,446800,31304448,Posted: 22 April,all,Herbaceous,"When I first began playing this game, I found myself repeatedly frustrated with the economics and growth system. The problem was that I was, incorrectly, assuming it followed the same basic principles as Transport Tycoon Deluxe (or the newer OpenTTD).After several failures at running a company, I was just about to walk away and give up, when I discovered a set of video tutorials from a guy on YouTube(https://youtu.be/ULBz8TcLcOg?list=PLB2MlqwGG_FnUZQ76d-7047UOEq5MR72g)who explained the nature of growth in a very simplistic manner. If you haven't checked out the link, he pretty much encourages getting into horrible debt while planning some simple passenger routes, then allowing the game to catch up with itself, allowing for significant profit within just a few years.With the addition of an huge selection of various mods on the Steam Workshop, this game really hits the sweet spot if you like goofing around with various forms of transportation. It's like your very own train set, just like you dreamed as a kid! :)Highly recommended, but requires a fairly decent PC to get the best performance out of the graphics. Also very nice to look at, from satellite view all the way down to riding along with your vehicles.TLDR: If you're a fan of Transport Tycoon and don't mind relearning your approach to making money, this game is a real gem!"
,Recommended,446800,26539738,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pyoro-2,"Worth the prize, overall.+ More possible combinations for tracks and roads, compared to Train Fever. Not everything is possible, but most things. Comes with the downside that the game doesn't always ""anticipate"" the type of crossing the player wants, so one needs to be more careful than with Train Fever, but it's well worth the additional options.+ Nice campaign. Challenging, but not impossible, with interesting side-missions. It really adds to the game.+ Overall a challenging difficulty. Hard is, well, hard. Easy still doesn't mean ""brainless"" building random things works. There's the occasional feedback problem when it's perhaps not entirely clear what the player did wrong; why that line is not profitable or doesn't work as well as it should, but nothing too bad.+ Vehicles now can switch between cargos; meaning you don't need to particularily select each vehicle to carry this or that, they'll do so automatically (manually is still possible). Automating everything might lead to somewhat odd cargo routes through complex networks, but, heck, if cargo arrives, what's the problem?+ Easy mod support. Means more trains and stuff. What's not to like?+ Upgradable train stations. This was so, so necessary. And it's possible now. It's also way easier to upgrade roads, even when they connect towns!+ Bigger maps, plus ships (not to be confused with those that go 'baa'), planes and more industries. Bigger and more is always better.+/- Graphics are OK, towns and vehicles look nice, and I absolutely love how aging vehicles visually change. But the landscape is still extremely bare, some objectics look rather crude, and textures are ... not what one can do in 2016. Also, road depots look somewhat anachronistic during early games, but maybe that's just me.+/- I'm not sure about the cargo-to-town mechanism. Having to plop down a cargo station in the middle of a town to get OK coverage feels odd, and the coverage occasionally works in mysterious ways (I'm not entirely sure how it's caculated around various streets). It seems better than what Train Fever had, but then, it couldn't have been much worse.+/- Setting up lines and having vehicles run around them and checking on their finances and things is still as simple as in Train Fever, and there seem to be some new statistics and lists that help. Still, there's the occasional oddity, with vehicles not seperating properly along the line and somesuch.+/- Loading times could be shorter and save games are huge. Neither really all that crucial, but, well, could be better. Otherwise I don't have performance problems, so far.- Replacing aging vehicles is still the same inconvienient mechanism Train Fever used. With bigger maps this has become an even bigger problem, if, at least, the player doesn't have to pick cargos anymore. Maybe I overlooked some sort of feature, but I don't think so: upgrading 50 lines will still need some 150 or so clicks. Fun. Not.- Some bugs and glitches. Had some CTD when clicking on a warning that shouldn't have been there; was able to upgrade some campaign-only industries when clearly I shouldn't have been able to, nevermind that they were missing an icon in the upgrade menu ...- Using full load orders is still a sure way to kill lines, most of the time. Some new possible orders would've been nice (do I dare mention conditional orders? Naaww...)- The road stations are still the same ones from Train Fever. They weren't very effective there, and they aren't very effective here. They are basically a pre-made way to jam your road lines. No idea why this wasn't improved.- Mostly a visual thing, but rotating depots and stations and such happens in, what, 10° increments? I'd rather have perfectly free rotations (if you build tracks first, you can freely snap the stations there, so it's not like there's some invisible grid or something preventing it...)Ultimately, if you liked Train Fever despite all its flaws you'll like this one, too. If you didn't like Train Fever at all, most likely this won't change that - it's pretty much TF2.0. Doesn't change the game into something more like OpenTTD or Simutrans or anything, it does its own thing, and is fairly good at it."
,Recommended,446800,26766309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flankus,"There is a decent learning curve when you start out, but once you understand how the different businesses and hubs support each other and why the demands flucuate, this is a very very good game! And, like good capitalism, going deep in debt to get everything rolling is the way to play. I would recommend Monte's play-through videos for some ideas as well.I could not get deeply into Train Fever, but this one has really been a time-sink, (over 8 hours yesterday - there goes THAT day off...).I highly recommend this!"
,Not Recommended,446800,28299205,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,imabutcher,ONLY BUY THIS GAME ON SALE. I very much enjoy playing this game however I believe it its not worth $35. They should have made this game early access because it seems to be not 100 percent complete. If you have $35 to throw at this game then go for it. It is very buggy and in severe need of updating to fix the bugs.... I have a pretty good machine to run it on and it still doesnt run all the best.
,Recommended,446800,26511656,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Lakahs,"Thought I write this review in order to help the overall positive rating of this game. I suspect far too few of the ones that may recommend this game actually write a review compared to the ones who don't.Anyway, on to the important part.UPDATED 23.6.17Is the game overall an improvement from the last game(that's Train Fever for those of you that don't know that)? - YES!The devs are active and have a consistent update scheudle(much better than EA,Ubisoft and Activision), every 2-3 months. The game is much better now than at its release. There is a new update coming this July, with much desired features.There are new vehicles, the old ones(from Train Fever) are still there and they have all got an improvement to their looks.You can now build road over rail road tracks.You can now upgrade said roads without deleting said tracks.You can now build road/rail road tracks without having to delete every single thing that's in your way, that's done at instantly when accept the building plans and the cost for the demolition is directly added to the total build cost.There is more variety to what production trees you want to do.There are boats(yes, you can earn money from using them) and planes.The production output now increases faster depending on the demand. Remember; the final product must be transported to a city.You now have more freedom in how you want your railway network to look and work. In other words, you can make it really effiecently.If you try to build through a farmland, you will be forced pay a hefty price(that's a positive thing as that's actually quite realistic).You can make a slave engine, put 2 engines together so they pull the same load(that will of course increase the maintance cost). Quite usefull in uphill segments, the game actually follows the rules of physics in that regard and it does so to the rest of the game. The way you add 2 engines to the same load(not sure if correct word for it) is quite easy. You click on the depot and buy 2 trains, they will not appear on same column. You take your mouse over one of the engines and will see some arrows(pointing left, right, up and down). Click either the up or down arrow and you have now 2 engines in the same column. Add some wagons and asign them a line and you'r good to go.Steam Workshop from -1 day. Yes, you read that right. SW, had allready a handfull of mods available the day before the game launched. All those little things the developer won't be adding to the game will be easily found there.There is probably more that I have forgotten.And yes, for the graphic overall has been improved somewhat.Now unto the negavtive part.Does the game have problems with crashes? - From what I've read, yes, but I have not experienced a crash myself and not my room mate either.Does the game have problems with FPS(fram per second)?- Previously yes, but not anymore.Is there room for improvment? - As with all games, yes. What's important to remember here is that Urban Games(the developer) is still a rather small game company, and the same can be said about their publisher. They don't have the capacity to make the best tycoon game in one go.There are alot people saying there is something wrong with the production system, but I have yet to experience something wrong with it.Does it need a bigger variety of vehicles? - YesDoes it need a bigger variety of different production trees? - YesDoes it need bigger maps with more water or the option make the map values like in TTD? - YesThere is probably more to it, but this is what I can remember right now.Is the game worth the price tag(which are at 48% of a full tripel-AAA retail game for me)? - Yes"
76561198038928875,Not Recommended,446800,28209429,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Angry Bob,This could be a nice game. But it has in fact so many problem that they accumulate to the point where i can not advise to buy this game. Especially since the problems are chosen by design and all known.
76561198047752428,Recommended,446800,32315659,Posted: 10 June,all,topace88,"I enjoy sandbox mode.If you like this genre, the game will be enjoyable to you.It is like having your personal transport empire to watch.This game runs absolutely fine on my PC (4790K/ R9 290X2).Areas for improvement:1)  I wish there was more options regarding the the trains available in game (without going to the workshop).2) The cities could be slightly more realistic.  However, it is unfair to dock them for this as this is a simulation and there are limitations to a simulation."
76561198106196179,Recommended,446800,33640932,Posted: 18 July,all,arrshadowman,"Game is really fun, if it wasn't for all the bugs. Designated vehicles transporting things other then what I set them too, and failing to ever deliver them, leaving them costing money driving loops through the route with no production. Linking roadways, but the routes not taking in account the shorter path. Is this a BETA or Final Release? Hope they clean up the bugs soon, because I had to restart several times because even selling transports and replacing them would still grab the wrong products for the wrong locations on the route."
,Recommended,446800,26560058,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Yuma Kuga,"I'm only a few hours in but I haven't experience any issues with lag or crashes at all. Performance aside, the gameplay is very fun so far and I can definitely recommend this game to any fans of the transport sim genre. I might update this review as I play further."
,Not Recommended,446800,26635865,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Os Artilon,Awesome idea and could be fun if it wasn't for the lack of explanation for errors with creating Lines or some of the resources not producing any resources because it says it's not in use. It can get pretty frustrating when you spend an hour building something and another hour trying to figure out why it's not working with absolutely no explanation to the cause.
,Recommended,446800,27354171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,th0ma5,Great game if you like the idea of building your very own transport network or model railway but with planes and ships too.++ Pros +++ Very nice vehicle models with cool follow cam and first person cam+ 2 campaigns+ Free play mode with random map generator+ Great modding support and community+ The game offers a good challenge-- Cons --+ Ships can only carry one cargo type and are very slow so their usefulness is limited+ Ship navigation and collision avoidance is dodgy+ Driver model variety and animations aren't greatThere are other things that could be improved but there has been early patching support from the devs and promises of future improvements.
,Recommended,446800,30354110,Posted: 6 March,all,Acorn_Order,"Best 'transport tycoon style' game currently out there in my opinion. Definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of these kinds of games. It's essentially a modern 3D hybrid of locomotion, railroad tycoon, simutrans and open ttd.It's far from flawless, with performance issues at launch (mostly fixed now for me at least), and a number of minor annoyances/missing features, such as lack of a replace all button, and the annoying way the town ai 'upgrades' my roads sometimes)However, the developers seem quite dedicated to fixing these issues. There's also an amazing range of extra content with built in steam workshop mod support, the fact that this game (and its prequel - Train Fever)  is the only decent new commercial entry in its genre since Railroad Tycoon 3, and the fact that I find this came addictive as hell..........Combining this with Linux support, leads to a big tick of approval from me.Overall a fantastic came, but could be improved. 8/10."
,Not Recommended,446800,30044683,Posted: 19 February,all,ShiftySquirrel,"Awesome game, great take back to transport tycoon. However without a decent map editor, or map editing tools this game becomes agonizing to play. The most painful is the lack of the ability to edit the water on the map, and the terrain in effective matters. This quickly breaks the game from building ports and airports effectively. With these issues I can't give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,446800,33285722,Posted: 5 July,all,Carlton Banks,"I have little experience in economy games.Note: My current PC is a 1050 Ti with an i5 4440 clocked @ 3.1 GHzThis game is fun. It's fun, and really really time consuming. But that's what makes it fun. Transport Fever has mixed reviews from thousands of people with reviews from people who don't want to care about learning the game or from people who like the game and have their own views. There's some things that both share a common view.Performance is wonky, but it's not that bad. I'm running at medium settings and there's still the amazing visuals but not that impactful to my performance. The game loading time is great, except when you load a save file or build a new world, that's my complaint. It does get a little laggy later on (Near the 1950's+), but not unplayable (Note: I have only reached year 2000 with basic lines and such, so more editing later). The ability to mod this game makes it more unpredicable and more fun, so if you're bored with the vanilla game just look through the workshop.I will edit this review when I have more gametime."
76561197961313025,Recommended,446800,29669321,Posted: 3 February,all,UltraZippy,"I thought about writing a review for this game when I first bought it but then decided not to because my ideas of what the game was compared to what it actually is were completly wrong.  I haven't played a transport sim like this since the days one Transport Tycoon and that is what I expected.  Some of the early reviews also compared to Transport Tycoon which is one of the reasons I bought it.  So the first thing is this is NOT Transport Tycoon.Some of the early complaints in steam reviews have been addressed, like lack on manual (there is not anofficial wiki) and game performance.  The game still has its perfomance problems and hopefully this will be fixed beyond the performance update released earlier.The mod community is awesome for this game, and I think this is partly due to the similarity to the older Train Fever game which had a huge following.If I had a complaint it would be the lack of developer interaction post release, but they are a small team and will respond to you if you contact them (so I've been told) but if your wondering what the game is actually like check out these youtube sites below.Let's Play videos on YouTube:Skye Storme - Lets Play (Europe Map)Skye Storme - Lets Play (USA Map)Colonel Failure"
76561198261040650,Recommended,446800,34996440,Posted: 16 September,all,ZadicusFriedrich,This game is just brilliant. Unlimited fun to have. As a child I loved playing Railroad Tycoon. When seeing a game in the future like this it is just fantastic and fun to play. Never ending fun! Side note: It's also extremely fun to play with the futuristic collection MOD!
,Not Recommended,446800,26505762,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[42nd]nekoroms,"Sorry but cant really recommend this game as it sits currently. Economy is just a huge trainwreck..in my current game half of the producing buildings dont produce anything. Trains are really bugged and i even got 2 trains stuck in a depot and trains profits are okay when you start and then the trainlines upkeep just goes through the roof even with a brand new trains, and terrain tools are useless for track laying and usually i get the traintracks doing a weird wave (up,down,up,down) when i built them even when the ground under it is flat as pancake. And i get really bad fps on a 6800k and 1080..at times it drops down to nearly 30fps. Map generation is also a bit iffy.. you can only get one farm in the map or one oil well. Road transportation works kinda good..but falls flat when cars dont overtake the slower one and just stick to the middle lane even when you have 4 and 6 lane roads and a huge traffic jam appears if only one of your trucks goes slower than the others."
76561197969014741,Not Recommended,446800,26542347,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,urbaneguerilla,A big patch to Train Fever would have sorted this. It's great and rubbish at the same time. Glitchy and difficult to control. I loved Train Fever despite all it's problems and this game has just put us back three years or more. The new stations are nice but try to build something interesting and you get bombarded with errors. Just upgrading a station led to all trains and all stations losings all passengers.The industry idea is going to be incredibly difficult to enable as road traffic is so slow and they are so spread out.The graphics are the same as Train Fever but don't work so well. It seems like a step backwards.Gonna keep trying to play it but when it gets sticky (graphically it sticks when trying to move around the map) I get annoyed and turn it off.Good luck guys
76561198140558503,Recommended,446800,34958648,Posted: 14 September,all,kbunk,"great game. not to happy about the last update(Aug 2017) now game crashes/locks up and keep crupting my ATI driver file.Other then that. it needs more Ships and planes otions.... Trains, trams, Bus all work well, I sure like the 1850 game play.... the Ride along is cool."
,Recommended,446800,32647708,Posted: 22 June,all,alec552,"I found about this game while it was still being developed for release, and I got hyped. Then, it came out and I was exposed to some negative reviews and criticism. I watched some gameplay videos and decided that it wasnt currently worth my time. I forgot about this game and then found it again a few days ago, and was bored out of my mind and decided to buy it.I'v had this game for two days and have already logged 12 hours, and I have a 9-5 job. I lose track of time when playing this because there are SO many things to do and keep track of. Industries producing a product that needs to go to another industry for them to produce a product that then needs to go to a city to be sold so you can make money, take that and times it by like 10 and you have this game. Its got some bugs, a bit of pathing issues, which may just be not understanding the game well enough, but the most promient problem I have is proformance. I have a beast of a computer (I know because I built it myself) and this game stuggles a bit, I get screen tearing every once in awhile, and low fps. This may have something to do with the 300+ vehicles I have driving around). The steam workshop already has some great content, although I was there was more USA themed things, maybe as time goes on this game will catch some more eyes.I'm going to just list some pros and cons I have here and then rap it up with a score (Thats how you do this right?)Pros:- Time Consuming (5 hours fly out the window before you realise your starving.)- Lots of things to do, lots of ways to do them.- Great for people who love trains, planes, and automobiles.- Can be challenging if you get too sloppy. (Has happened)- Level of Detail is pretty good, sometimes I look at a city and have to remind myself im not playing City Skylines.Cons:- Setting up a complete chain seems a bit difficult and the tutorial doesnt really go in-depth.- Performance issues, the game probably needs some more fine tuning.A suggestion to the devs: I would like to see a little icon or a symbol that shows were products are eventually going, I find myself setting up a distribution line and having to wait like 10 minutes to finally see product start to move. I'll spend 20 minutes setting up a line and not have any real confirmation that it is actually working. I'm looking for an easy to see ""This is connected to that"" type of thing.My OVERALL rating for this game: 7/10(keep in mind I have only had this game a few days and this is subjected to change.)"
76561197973548290,Recommended,446800,34669504,Posted: 1 September,all,davidfoster16,"Great game, bit laggy when you get towards later years, but the game as a whole is recommended! love it and the graphics are good, played 350 hours so far :) awesome game!"
,Recommended,446800,31532343,Posted: 3 May,all,leggo,Transport Fever is a great game. Its alot fun and challenging. There is a bit of a learning curve but its not bad at all. I've never experienced a single crash out of 200hrs game play....it has mod support which makes the game even more enjoyable.This game is worth every penny.
76561198116875715,Recommended,446800,34133020,Posted: 9 August,all,jcgeuze,I played the original TT and TTD in the 90's.  And this game has a very similar gameplay as those old games. The game runs smoothly (even in end game) on my computer using Linux mint.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,446800,26624813,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[1stTX.F]Pvt.Reaper,"It's an improvement over Train Fever, but there's still a lot of room for improvement. I suggest waiting for a sell."
,Recommended,446800,26488270,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nirvana,"Reminds me of transport tycoon when i was a kid. Thats enough for a thumbs up for me, need more games like this.Performs well on my Average PC, graphics look good and really brings back the nostalgia.Many many different types of trucks, planes, train, boats to move the large amount of goods, industrial components, passengers.Very satisfiying to watch the town your serving growing bigger as you add more transport."
76561198041322553,Not Recommended,446800,26567506,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,neldot,"The art of bad programming.I really wished to write a good review for this title, because I loved the previous Train Fever, despite the flaws and shortcomings, and I really love this type of game. Well, I love this game too, but more for the potential it has than for how the Devs developed the product.Even if it's a small Company, it's really difficult for me to forgive them for doing the same errors in their second release, and for not hearing their more wise fanbase, but hearing the stupid requests of casual childish users.So we ended up with a sequel that has some embellishments, like the useless planes and ships and the 3D view from inside the vehicle, but lacks a lot of really important features requested since 2 years ago by the loyal old users, like a minimap, a map editor, a better track planning tool (the current tool is really poor and let you build only one segment at time without a confirm button), tracks grade data, better vehicle replacement, a better balanced economy and other important things.Yes, they finally got rid of one of the bigger shortcomings of train fever, they eased a lot tracks building and bridges and tunnels building, and allowed more comlex intersections, but these features were just one of the basic things that users demanded since the first game two years ago, this is just too little too late.Finally, the saddest of all the things is that game performance has improved olnly marginally from train fever (it was orrible in train fever, now it's only bad). It lags and stutters since the start when you do some tasks whitout stoppin the time, but it lags madly after you reach 1900, because the Devs decided that in that year is about time to fill the maps with unrealistic hordes of private cars. The same thing that happened with Train Fever, even if to a lesser extent. Bad programming, if you ask me. From the tests that I did, it only uses 2 cores on modern CPUs and it unnecessarily drains the RAM like there is no tomorrow.However, I will still play the game, but sincerely I would recommend it only to hardcore train fever fans, that already know what to expect from this title, because Transport Fever is a pretty good enhancement, albeit still bugged and full of shortcomings, of their first game. I will happily change this review and recommend the game if at least some of the huge amount of shortcomings that this game has today will be patched out in the next months."
,Recommended,446800,30946101,Posted: 4 April,all,GoldenGun,"This game is really a good time sink. I can play it for hours and not realize it until the rooster crows the next morning.There are several ways you can go about playing this game... get an industry going and ship the final product off to several towns, passenger travel, a combo of both... with trains, busses/trucks, planes, boats...I find as simple as it is to connect point A to point B, I had to start a new game up several times before I learned the nuances to creating a successful playthrough (3 billion+ in year 2000 from a 1850 start).I'm running an old Core i7 950 though so at times, the framerate is really bad as there's a lot going on in the screen especially near the end-game.Definitely a must-purchase if you're into transportation networking."
76561198006736389,Recommended,446800,26744158,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,johnni777,"This is a follow up to Train Fever the modern version of Railroad Tycoon but with even more features in it.From the start of the game you must choose between the campaign and the free form maps in either Europe or USA .You can also choose which year to begin and 1850 is the default unless you choose otherwise .If you start in 1850 you only have horse carriages,steam trains and steam boats at your disposal but a lot of options to choose from eg do you want to transport passengers or goods its all up to you . So is it a good game and my verdict is a big YES the graphics is pretty neat and you dont have to use a high and rig to run the game the sound is fine and if you play freemode there is so much to do and as time goes by you unlock many different vehicles to choose from I really like this game I can only recommend it for budding Transport Tycoons."
,Recommended,446800,31617579,Posted: 7 May,all,EvilJohny,"Fantastic game, but expect to lose days and days.   Whilst a great game there is room for improvement. The mechanics are simplistic and illogical at times.  You get paid more for longer journeys so chosing source and destination cargos because they are further away is more profitable. and you get paid for the max speed of the vehicle not length of journey so overloaded trains or traffic jams don't hurt profits (other than reducing turnaround time).A more complex financial model would be better (e.g. flat rate for cargo to encourage shorter or faster routes, or diminishing amounts based on distance).But despite this I loved it and have played far too much."
,Recommended,446800,29704697,Posted: 4 February,all,MrSpandex,"I would compare Transport Tycoon against games such as railroad tycoon and cities in motion. Here, there's more complexity with individual trains or vehicles sometimes needing specific attention. Laying track is generally pleasent (a huge improvement over Train Fever), and has a somewhat realistic look. I enjoy watching my towns grow as I connect more and more of them together and deliver the resources they need. It is a true challenge to get through the early years around 1850, but by the late 1900s it's more a game of optimization and expansion. The availability of many mods singificantly increases the replay value and there's a small but strong community.The game has bugs, like trains that reverse when laying track, but these are mostly annoyances. All I really want from the developer is more content. I will say this game isn't for everyone. But I love it!"
76561198069108346,Not Recommended,446800,26547279,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,lemon166,"I appreciate the new developer trying their best to make the game, I saw a lot of potential - which is a nice way to say the  game is currently sub-standard for full release. This game should still in early review.There are too many technical gliches which make the game very frustrating:- Production units stop producing for no reasons- Train won't go onto the track, even the track has been well placed and was working in the past- Train won't go properly according to signals, yes, even if well placed and was working in the pastYou will see a lot of hardcore fans which keep saying the game is awesome, those who are complaining don't know how to play etc etc...I am a tycoon game veteran, and I know exactly what I am doing, and how a game should properly behave.The game should still be in early review, definitely not ready for full release.I suggest players to wait for the game to properly patched, and then consider purchasing it."
76561197982218953,Recommended,446800,30836407,Posted: 30 March,all,szachname,"With the new update the game is far better, faster to operate, thumbs up."
76561198152582572,Not Recommended,446800,26502499,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,roman.petrlik,"useless... lags appearing with low-level graphic settings, white map pattern. why game developers did the same mistakes like with train fever??"
76561198010526526,Not Recommended,446800,28926936,Posted: 1 January,all,wolff_laarcen,"Despite playing the tutorial through and watching several hours of YouTube videos about the game, most of my time was spent wrestling with poorly implemented, counterintuitive game mechanics like tedious track placement and adjustment, obscure terrain elevation requirements and horrible UI scaling than actually plaing the game.   There's probably a great game hidden in there somewhere, but it's tough to find.  Would not recommend.  Great music though."
76561198052212409,Not Recommended,446800,26553139,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,farmer.joe,"I enjoyed the game. It works well (for me) and I wanted to really love it, and I did. For what it does right, it does it well. I enjoy the game for every single hour I have put in, and I want to play it even more, even now! I was even aiming to leave a positive review.... Until I started needing to replace old vehicles... and realised how tedious/backwards the vehicle replacement system is.You can either replace each vehicle individually, or to auto replace them on a line to line basis (in which it will only replace to the chosen vehicle, it does not update to the latest one when one comes out). I currently only have 20 over lines with 100 over vehicles and already am finding this to be tedious... Not my idea of fun at all..This issue gets worse that faster vehicles does not know how to overtake/pass slower vehicles. So if you have some old horse carraiges in town and some newer vehicles, the fast vehicles will all wait behind the horse carraiges... And you can't group select all the horse carraiges vehicles and press replace or something. You need to do them one by one, selecting the older vehicles and sending them to the depot, wait till they reach the depot and to sell them. And to buy new vehicle and repick the lines they're on. Again, as the game progresses, it gets messier as there are more and more lines out there as you expand your empire.So until these issues are fixed, I will do not enjoy playing the game, nor will I recommend it... unless of course, you find all these micro clerical tasks fun.. then get it. It will not disappoint."
,Not Recommended,446800,26606572,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,vebski,"I really tried to like it but its broken in so many places, I need to force myself to play it.Performance issues, broken gameplay and horrible balance. Sure, it has a lot of potential. But this game should have been released as early access.If you are looking for good transport game that makes sense, go play OpenTTD. This one is not worth your money."
,Recommended,446800,28839150,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Scorpidoo,"Hours on end of fun for certain type of gamer.This is not a mainstream game. The learning curve is steep you make one mistake and the game will bite your♥♥♥♥♥off.This game is for those gamers that can spend hours on end perfecting a layout in Cities: Skylines.So if you are that type of gamer as mentioned, it will reward you and it will feel great.Also the workshop is a great addition to this game and much loved.So far I’ve not had technical problems as other reviewers.Do look up at ""Can you run it?"" if you are unsure if you computer can run it.Don't reccommend this game at it's current price of 30€.Wait until there is a sale on, when it's about 20€ it's worth getting it."
76561197990963003,Recommended,446800,26754862,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jordid,"I like to regard myself as a veteran of the series starting with Train Fever in it's early access days. I have loved this series right from the get-go. Transport Fever introduces more complexity (expanded goods and vehicle options) but simplicity as well with examples such as vehicles correctly spacing themselves out for optimal efficiency on lines (this was super annoying in Tran Fever to have to micro-manage!) and the simulation is better in a sense that you can track goods/passengers right from start to end and they don't disappear if you don't get them delivered in time like in Tran Fever.The aspect of going from horse drawn carriages and little trains which can bearly climb hills to the modern Semi-truck and passenger Jumbo jet is pretty cool. It is very rewarding to see your transport empire evolve over time and a welcome addition to see the ships and planes. I was also surprised by the expanded options for trains and road vehicles between American/European maps. I would also like to point out that the graphics are so much better in Transport Fever. I was playing Train Fever leading up to release and on my 2-monitor setup, I had Train Fever on my main screen and Skye Storm's pre-launch Transport Fever series on the other and you could easily see that Transport Fever has far superior quality. In the Train Fever USA DLC- the USA map was this bright ugly yellow and none of the farms looked natural at all... this has been changed with Transport Fever and I can't wait to give the USA maps a whirl.This game is absolutely not for everyone. If you've never played Train Fever and are interested in jumping in with Transport Fever, I highly recommend you take a look at some Youtubers channels before buying this game (I recommend Skye Storme's) to see how the game works, looks and feels first to make sure it's something you're interested in.All and all, solid game and I look forward to spending many hours playing! +kudos."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,446800,26603770,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,WHOOLEE,"I can not give this one a Thumbs up, it is just the same as Train Fever, with a little bit of polish.It is a strange thing but i prefer the first one, this one just does not grab me and i am not sure why, i think its the sameness in this one, i mean why couldnt we end up buying one of the industires ourselfs or actually supplying the materials to build one, give the player something to work up for.At the moment i just can not be bothered to work out a supply chain for my goods unlike Train Fever that i could sit and watch my little vehicles fly around.For now i say Thumbs down unless we see some big updates."
76561198021750421,Recommended,446800,33908003,Posted: 30 July,all,Dayman,"I would 100% recommend this game.  You sink so much time into this game.+The map variety is essintially infinite because it is randomly seeded.+The graphics are amazing.  I love to just build a line through some amazing scenarie and then go first person on my train.  So satisfying.+It is just challenging enough to be fun+The community is great in that there are plenty of help guides and modding community is so active.+The devs are also great.  They just released a major patch that had to been conceived directly from the community forums.+The game mechanics are extremely satisfying to watch your towns grow as your trade lines just do their thing.-This might be knit-picky, but I wish there was more use for Air and sea transport.  I love incorporating waterways into my lines but it is very limited.  I only see this getting better by possibly making it so maps with lots of water are generated.  Bays, gulfs, islands, archepaloagos, maybe small seas, etc...Overall, great game and would buy it full price knowing what I know now."
,Recommended,446800,34390078,Posted: 21 August,all,srdaniel,"I would have to agree, this is more of a puzzle game than a sim regarding the main story line missions.  Tutorials could have been much more comprehensive.  Still don't know how to have more than two trains on one line.  Upgrade your buses/truck lines and you suddenly start loosing money and it doesn't tell you why.Fun but frustrating, I'm done with it."
76561198325125794,Recommended,446800,31456574,Posted: 29 April,all,moltenshock,As a fan of transport tycoon as a child this game doesn't disappoint!!
,Not Recommended,446800,26510427,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,北 ＥＴＥＲＮＡＬ 朝 ＲＥＡＬＩＴＹ 鮮,"I really want to like this game. I love OpenTTD and was hoping desperately that this could live up to it. And while, yes, the graphics are nice and all, the gameplay doesn't quite compare. First off, there is no AI opponent or even multiplayer. This may not be a big deal to everyone, but it was very fun to play against friends or a challenging AI in OpenTTD. Secondly, this game needs some optimization. While trying to place railroad tracks that go for more than 50 feet, I go to about 20 FPS. This is horrid considering I'm running the game on only medium to high settings. If multiplayer or AI was added along with optimization I would recommend this game. (Also the music is really good)Specs:Intel I7-4790kGeForce 980Ti 6gb16GB RAMRunning off an SSD"
,Not Recommended,446800,26543532,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AddMeGamers,"installed,played enjoying, lagging as hell. not happy.Loads of fun, great potential iam sure. The modding community will bring it to life.Will review it once they start optimizing stuff.Update: 12-11-2016So changed the settings to low, I would say i have a mid to highend machine. Really disappointing. There is truely no optimizations.Also after a time of gameplay it crashes so probebly a couple of memory leaks as well.  Love the gameplay which lasts around 20mins before a crash.Update: 12-11-2016Yep, cant play it anymore after it reaches a specific size it just crashes after a few minutes of play. A memory leak for sure.Update: 4-05-2017Still lags and crashes at end game. the game iis not a replacment of open ttd. Tho still fun the price is absolutely out of scale. Worth $15 max."
76561198208311704,Recommended,446800,26560730,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,manuelrauch88,"Excellent support. Unbelievably fast, had issues with campaign load and it was resolved in minutes!!! THanks to Switzerland!"
76561197976247269,Not Recommended,446800,26499343,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Shriek,First game on Steam I've asked for a refund. The UI and frame rate are both horrible. Add in silly day one bugs that shouldn't be present at release and it's a no from me. It needed a proper round of QA before leaving the station.
76561198111122284,Not Recommended,446800,26497614,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,foo = giveme.core(),"The performance issues with this game is really very horrible. Unless they improve upon this problem, I would recommend not to buy this game at all.This was totally money down the drain or me"
76561198079715450,Not Recommended,446800,26596886,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,poelmeister,Bit on the fence. I find the train system incredibly unworkable. Trains keep ending up on the wrong track because the system for multiple track stations is a bit weird. I like the game but I've had total lockdowns with my train grids and had to abort the game several times out of sheer anger. It would help if they added a simple 'double track' block.The rest is about ok. It seems a bit unbalanced at times as the car is high and mighty and there is hardly a reason not to do everything with trucks.Considering the price I'd say give it some time until the performance is better.
,Not Recommended,446800,33443166,Posted: 10 July,all,Ronaldus Magnus,The economy is so limited that it makes the game tedious to the point of being unplayable.  The last Railroad Tycoon had an economy that was 100x more sophisticated and it came out over a decade ago.
76561198008336759,Not Recommended,446800,26496622,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LastBrohican,"Verdict: I can't recommend this game, the gameplay is too slow in the beginning, still kind of buggy, and for it's 35 dollar price, you can buy Chris Sawyer Locomotion or Railroad Tycoon (both on Steam) for similar content but much cheaper.+ For sure one of the better looking tycoon transport sims out there.+ Real sense of an economy which each city and industry, cities will grow and bloom based on your transport intervention or not.- There were times when train stations wouldn't pick up any goods for no reason, and the game would sometimes display options in German, nothing crazy, but disappointing for a game that claims to be in its final state.- No competitive AI, the games I had mentioned above had this and they are 8+ years old.- The game speed is too slow, if you start out in the 1800's in takes forever to get anything done.If you care to watch my 3 minute review, here it is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XPsibWMPCI&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,446800,26584276,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dr.Acula,"I enjoy good business simulation games and I was really excited when I saw the presentation videos. Unfortunately behind a game with good building mechanics you will find various terrible economy and AI mechanics. Some of the things can be patched though.The funny part is that the devs designed the campaign missions in a way that the flaws the game has become so extremely obvious.First of all let's look at the trains which is usually the focus of these types of games as people usually like to build their own train network and watch it work. The problems here probably the easiest to fix, because they are more a balance issue. Trains are extremely expensive compared to other forms of transportation and in addition they have much higher running costs. So when starting a new game you are pretty much forced to use trucks and busses to get profits before you can actually start building a train network. Unfortunately due to the high initial costs it is tricky to approach this without going bancrupt the first few times. When I used trains to deliver cargo they barely made any profit even when if they had little to no wait time and sometimes I even had them running at a loss while trucks easily made their money back within the first few months of operation.So at the moment It looks like trains are only good to transport passengers as they bring in more money. However even here other types of transportation are better (as they are cheaper to operate). Why the devs did it this way is a mystery to me.Let's take a look at the planes. The pilots and air traffic controllers in this game seem to monkeys. There is no structure or proper priority designation for planes on the ground and in the air. planes on the ground when finished with loading passengers simply roll to the runway and depart even if another plane is about to land. And the go around functionality causes these planes then to fly very long paths which causes them to get in trouble with other planes causing even more delays. This system has to be reworked completely. Even the very old transport tycoon did it better. At the moment a runway for an aiport is barely able to handle the planes on one line. If you think about setting up several lines going to the same airport don't even try. The income of your air lines will be completely destroyed. It looks like the devs wanted to be realistic here, but failed with programming the AI properly.Ships are huge work horses in Transport Fever that are slow but can load quite a bit of cargo. However this also causes problems as ships can only carry one type of cargo at any given time. If you have 10 tons of tools, 15 tons of bread and 26 tons of construction material the ship with a loading capacity of 100 tons will only take the 26 tons of construction material as it has the highest priority. This is a system that also affects other vehicles but isn't noticable there as the train waggon for example has a lower loading capacity and therefore you have various waggons able to load smaller numbers of different cargo types. So the devs implemented ships without thinking about what makes ships different.The economy machanics require the player to seriously look at all factories in range, because if you start with one cargo line you have to build several others at the same time. If for example you deliver iron ore to a steel factory without delivering coal as well, the iron ore mine will shut down quickly as soon as the steel factory has the maximum number tons of iron ore it can receive. The same goes if you don't take the steel the factory produces and deliver it somewhere. As soon as the factory is full and if no cargo is taken away everything that is connected will shut down.This is also different to other games in this genre. Usually the industry defines how much cargo is produced and needs to be transported. Here you as the transport company increase the production by delivering more and more over time. If you don't transport anything the factories will not produce cargo. This also means that with each new line you create you start with a loss and have to wait for the production to increase to turn loss into profit. Doesn't that sound like fun?There is also game freezing and crashes. So the game still has some problems with stability that have to be solved.I want to like this game, but just like train fever this game has to many issues to be considered good. It looks like they went two steps forward (more options in terms of transportation, better construction) and one step back (unfinished game with a terrible economy system)"
76561198079885934,Not Recommended,446800,26497367,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,GameKitten,"First off the graphics are really beautiful and the only pro I can give this game at this time.The cons...Balance in this game is really, really horrible.. You start with what looks like a good sum of money. Infact is depeletes very quickly because of the cost of making anything is stupid high.. roads, rails, depots, trains, etc...  It relies too much on trains or boats in the earlies era (horse and buggy days) and the coaches and wagons are too close to being just eye candy. Then you have maintences on vehicles that is super high and income super low.The resources, production companies, and towns are way too far away from each other making it hard to use anything but trains and boats (trains back then were rare, buggies and wagons was used more for transportation). The time is an issue and also under balanced. Example.. You put up 2 passenger coaches in a good size city from residents to commerical and factories (no one has buggies everyone is walking).. It takes years for the people to use those buggies. Um..kinda stupid.. I would take a buggy right when it was given access to me. The train you set to go to the farm and pick up resources takes a year to get to the production place that produces food...>.>You find a town that has a good high demand food, so you set up a train to go to resource, to production, to town... Maintence is ticking off the money you have, so you have 3 box cars delivering resources to production and only get two food, so you add 3 more box cars to your train thinking more resources..more food.. wrong!!!!! Still 2 food. All that cost and your payment is pennies on the dollars..your company is losing more than you are making...I love this type of game.. I love trains... But this game is just horribly balanced and not really fun ...The tutorial is very bland and if you are new to this game.. I feel for you when you try to play.I was super excited for this game.... But that didn't last long... Please take the time to research this game.. It is not worth the price until they balance this game out.. And fix some obvious mistakes or whatever the devs want to call it..Got a Refund."
,Recommended,446800,26754996,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ant Craft,"It is a very good game for sandbox and city building players. If anyone reading this has Train Fever and may be concerned wether it is good for it's price and the upgrade, then I would personally say yes. It also comes with workshop (mod support) which is very popular which gets between 3 - 7+ ish uploads a day. The game has an aspect of customization but it is very limited but with mods, this may change. It also comes with missions that involve you building famous projects like the Gothard tunnel and the Panama Canal. At the time of this review, I have played 37 hours since it's release on the 8th November and I would say it's time well spent! I have now selected it for the ""Just 5 more minutes"" steam award."
,Recommended,446800,26865986,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rich Tea Biscuit,"SO even more addictive than the first, though much harder, and currently running into some issues where it is a bit buggy and crashy (especially after the most recent update)so if you liked train fever, you are going to love transport fever. similar line up of vehicles, but better looking and greater focus on different industries. the adition of boats and planes is also very nice, and the 1:3 maps are amazing to play on.the campaign is also a nice change from the first, even if it does drop you in at the deep end, and is very brutal!"
,Not Recommended,446800,26510960,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ats,"I can hardly play this game on my rig which is pretty beefy, (over the requirements). This game is horribly unoptimised and needs work. I'm debating whether to refund it now and spend my money elsewhere or try and wait for a fix."
76561197993897300,Not Recommended,446800,26564079,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Arnold.de.Pater,"I am sorry to say, that I cannot recommend this game.It way to much an major expantion of Train Fever,  but without most of the mods  (of course)  and with most of the shortcommings as well.It does not derserve an new title other than Train Fever 2I asked and got  a refund. Its very disapponting.Nice try, but no cigar."
,Recommended,446800,26912666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Snook,"Great improvement over Train Fever.  The devs clearly made many welcomed improvements and did a great job making two campaigns to give the game some story.  This game does require some messing around with to get the hang of, many things to discover on your own before you can properly plan out efficient transport networks!"
76561198072079755,Recommended,446800,27858088,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,seastar,"I‘m glad to see the Chinese language, thank you !Some advice:It's a little hard for the beginners to link so many different resources to the transport net.So I can only choose the small map scale.And there may be handreds of lines in the game, it's hard to recognize them by color. In one word, it's too complex to set lines efficiently.BUT I LIKE THIS GAME. I'm excited to see the town to be prosperous."
,Recommended,446800,29259099,Posted: 14 January,all,Kaelis SC (twitch.tv/kaelisSC),"I really enjoy this game a lot i've put over 300 hours in to this point, It has been completely worth the money i spent on it, a great transport tycoon game, that being said here are two issues i've found with it.There is some bugs that need to be ironed out like preformence issues (have to restart the game to clear this up sometimes) and also a more clear way to figure out why industry wont connect. I have had issues getting lines to connect properly even with the understanding that the demand for it comes from the top of the chain (the towns) and wont start unless the chain is complete, still, sometimes things wont connect."
,Recommended,446800,30248134,Posted: 28 February,all,Lonely Bison,I love that guys modified such old and lovely game! Everybody who played Transport Tycoon Deluxe (TTD) will fall in love with this game! My triple YES for this game!
76561198028438376,Recommended,446800,34252893,Posted: 15 August,all,inter_ermensee,"Great simulations game! Can only recommend it if you liked games like ""Railroad Tycoon 2-3"" - later in the game the workload for the cpu is making it really slow though! It would be interesting to see some additional things like:-If cities grow, that new companies/productions emerge, that way there would also be something to do later in the game in the cities you started in. Now you can more or less just add new public transportlines in the ""old"" cities.Ohter than that---buy it :-D"
,Recommended,446800,28827216,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,moramento22,"I really like this type of games and Transport Fever is a good addition to this genre. It bases on a previous installment - Train Fever, but it's much better, of course it has still some issues and itsn't on par with games like Cities in Motion or Transport Tycoon, but it's a good game to play and have some fun with transport."
76561198078814713,Recommended,446800,31368110,Posted: 25 April,all,timran58,"If you like city builders, any of the tycoon series or even the Tropicos or Annos, this is a must buy. I actually enjoyed the learning curve, as it plays into exactly how, or where your focuses are, or will be. I usually wait until a sale but went on a limb here and have hundreds of hours logged on this gem since. (Loaded it on to my work surface and play it at the office too) SHHHH"
,Not Recommended,446800,28726315,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lietu,"I've been a long time Transport Tycoon / OpenTTD fan and player, so this probably affects my expectations a bit. I was *hoping* for a modern competitor, but honestly expected just a modern game that doesn't do things as well as OpenTTD, but looks prettier, and I would've been fine if it was just that. However, I was severely disappointed with the game.The game is intent on wasting your money. It randomly decides to dig huge holes in the ground, or raise the ground, or build bridges for your construction when it's completely unnecessary. If you just try to place a cargo depot next to a road it will cost 2-10x as much as placing the depot a few meters away from it and then manually connecting it to the road. Trains, wagons, etc. have running costs, which cost you a fixed amount of money constantly regardless of if your things are waiting for cargo, or actually moving, and those costs rack up fast if you're waiting for cargo.Industry production is unreliable, first you see a thing producing stuff at a reasonable rate so you set up your transport chain for that, and then a few months later you realize that you're bleeding money because the production was just randomly slowed down to a crawl or halted. In my case a farm just completely stopped producing livestock and slowed grain production significantly.Train pathing is awful, as is the train track construction. There is literally no indication on if it will successfully make a junction between two sets of tracks other than you zooming to the closest zoom level and seeing if the tracks cross or if it made a junction. Trains won't even tell you if it's impossible for them to go on the line you assigned to them e.g. due to issues with you failing to make a junction.The industries and cargo depots seem to bug out, I set up a cargo depot next to a place accepting livestock and grain and producing food. I set up two lines, one bringing raw materials in, and another taking food to the nearby city. Once I increased the amounts of food wagons, the cargo depot had a bottle neck, forcing all the wagons to wait until some food was produced if there was too many wagons waiting for it. So I naturally though that I'll just build another depot across the road and set the two lines to different targets, this broke the food delivery from the industry completely, and it didn't deliver it out at all anymore, instead just stockpiling it internally so I couldn't deliver it.It also breaks some ""sacred rules"" of PC games, such as that Esc key should open the menu, not do some other random action in the game. Instead of using Esc to simply toggle the main menu they have a mobile-style gear on the screen you can click to open their condensed version of the main menu after opening a world.The music wasn't great, but it wasn't bad enough to bother me either. The time scale is a bit ridiculous, it takes about a month of in-game time for a wagon to move from a farm right outside of the city to the city. The road/track building tools are quite clunky to use, and just end up digging tracks deep in the ground or building them on stilts for no obvious reason.Really the worst part of the game is the lack of information it provides. Lots of things are really unclear all the time. Why does it cost 5x more to build a depot 2 meters to the left from another spot? Where are you supposed to put the depots for industries for optimum use, as far away as possible from industries, or is there a penalty for distance? Where are you supposed to deliver the goods to in cities, just anywhere, or e.g. the correct district (residential/commercial/industrial)? What amount of goods should I expect to carry from place A to place B during a timeframe?I gave this game a good couple of hours, played through the tutorial, watched a bit of others play it, and I really cannot find much good to say about it. It sort of looks pretty at times. It might be decent if you played with finances disabled so you don't have to worry about it randomly wasting your money without a reason, if you're into that kind of stuff."
,Recommended,446800,26743357,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Koricya,Very happy with the game. Although with some minor industry issues.Before you play or even after.... forget whatever you think you know about transportation games. Take this game step by step..this one is is diferent.Forget about OpenTTD. ...
,Recommended,446800,28834751,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gecko,"I just had to force myself to stop playing for a short while.I wasn't sure I would keep this game or go for a refund at first, but then I got hooked and well.. Think I'll keep this one ;)It has its issues, but balancing input/output made it very fun for me :DGot $12.5 billion so far on my 'endless' game :)"
,Recommended,446800,26517174,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Blaknowt,"I run this on a laptop (i5 2.9GHz, GeForce 940M, 16 GB RAM) and it works great. I can see that once I've finished the campaign and play the free mode for a while the game will get a little repetitive. Hopefully by then they will add a few more scenarios and maybe multiplayer or ai competitors in the free mode.Fun game for $35."
76561197993404097,Recommended,446800,28275163,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mr. Lahey..,Best Game I've played in years. Highly addictive and eats hours of your day like candy.
,Recommended,446800,26524338,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kekoas,"A good sequel to Train Fever. All the extras are worth the price. If you liked the first one, you'll love this one - I do!"
,Not Recommended,446800,31207248,Posted: 17 April,all,Ghosties,"This game feels more Early access then it does a full, finished game. There are many problems with playing (Both gameplay and hardware wise.) and it just feels like the price tag that is proposed, does not offer what it should. Trust me i enjoy Tycoon games such as this. Ive seen many people play this and played it my self (Before the Crashes and freezes) but i just feel the 35 dollars i spent was a waste. Do not buy this game if you have a low end computer,because your game will crash so much up the bum. The gameplay is stale after you get past the hump of cash,and transport. After you have played it for even a few minutes, it gets stale fast. The Campaign is modest, and there is not much of a challenge after the first few levels. This all around is not a good game, and until there is 10 more ""Usability"" patches, you should save the money for better games. If you enjoy having many MANY crashes and gameplay that is long,lengthed, but boring. Then go buy this game. Its a honest rip off if you buy this game without a pinch of salt. Do consider the huge amound of reviews that take this game in a more negative spectrum, and be smart before you buy this."
,Recommended,446800,29509421,Posted: 26 January,all,MittenMarauder,"Transport Fever is a casual tycoon style game that covers a lot ground, but fails to master any of it. Those shortcomings do not make it a bad game, but if you're looking for something complex, you may be disappointed.The game starts out promising enough, and the Tutorial does a pretty decent job of getting the player setup for success. Upon completion of the Tutorial, I was able to quickly and easily jump into Freeplay. The longer you play though, the shallow choices do start to creep up on you.For starters, the map generation is both a blessing and a curse. While many seeds offer a significant challenge due to resource and industry placement, you may find that you are going through a lot of ""re-rolls"" just to get a map that is even remotely playable. Expect to see a lot of map seeds with important connections on opposite corners of the map, and bankrupting levels of difficult terrain between them.Assuming you received a decent map seed, the quirks with the game auto-balancing supply and demand needs based off of your route's efficiency can make route planning frustrating at best, and infuriating at its worst. For example, a simple ferry route refused to work until a new class of ship arrived with a mere 3 km/h difference in speed. While it would make sense that a faster ferry is more efficient, there was little information that would identify the problem.While on that note, prepare to see industries with stored product, not actually shipping the product. All while it complains that you need to ship more product, which you cannot do because ""reasons"" like it not wanting to move the stored product to the dock it is connected to, the product is committed to another line, or ""reasons"". The supply and demand auto balancing  behind the scenes will ebb and flow, leaving the player to usually simply solve the problem with over-spending, and over-saturating a line. The game can basically be solved with throwing money at the problem, instead of making it more efficient.The game does have merits though, as many of the vehicles look quite nice, and the dynamic aging is pretty cool to watch. At a glance, I could check to see how old some of my trains and trucks were based on how rusted they looked. Unfortunately, there is no way to preserve a vehicle, so no matter what you do, if the lifespan is 20 years, that is it. You can run it for longer, but it will cost you a lot of money either way.The developers seem active, so not all hope for more improvements is lost. For the most part, the community is helpful, even if it is the same question that has been asked a lot. Like I said, it is not a bad game, and I've been enjoying myself, but there is a learning curve despite how casual it is.If you are looking for a very casual tycoon style game, there is still some rewarding gameplay as long as you do not expect too much in terms of control, or complexity. While I was not expecting an incredibly deep game, I ultimately recommend the title because even for a casual tycoon game, it is hard to not admire the scale that is being tackled here.System SpecsCPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790K Processor @ 4.40GHzCPU Cooler: Corsair H100iGPU: GeForce GTX 970 G1 GamingMemory: Corsair Vengeance 32GBOS: Windows 10 Pro"
76561197991410071,Recommended,446800,26570820,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dreamsurfer,"This is a much better game than Train Fever so far. I played both Transport Tycoon and Railroad Tycoon 1/2/3. This game is more like a model railroad (with additional transport) where the focues lies on building, traffric operations, and planning rather than competing.For anyone who loves Train Operations, this is perfect."
,Recommended,446800,26490357,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Milo,Start the game.Spend 2 hours on making the best railroad system.Make 10 Millions debt.Forgot to put one stop light for the trains.All trains are stuck.bankruptcy.Restart.Best Game Ever
,Recommended,446800,26585899,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,kiouv,"Great game, proper successor to Transport Tycoon or Railroad Tycoon. I can spend hours buikding the perfect transport system, like I did on Train Fever.Urban Games, here are some things you need to improve to create a big dynasty in tycoon games. Unleash the DLCs !- Multiplayer : That would be awesome.- Concurrence : We need more challenge.- Map editorPlus, time is strange in TF. I know it must be difficult to create the perfect system for time management, but TF needs improvements.Keep developing this game !"
,Not Recommended,446800,26498423,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Zebulan,"Transport Fever was not ready to leave the depot and should return for emergency maintenance.U.I. elements not translated, production outlets shutting down and producing 0 products for no obvious reason, terrible lag and stuttering when you do pretty much any action including just moving the camera, an elevolutionary step *backwards* in gameplay (You now have to push 'm' or 'n' to rotate; when in Train Fever it simply rotated to the road) and worst of all: the bare minimum of difference between Transport Fever and Train Fever.  It doesn't feel like a new game at all.  It's a $40 patch which went in reverse instead of forward."
,Recommended,446800,28517434,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Collie,"The fact that my outdated trains (trucks, aeroplanes, etc.) look graphically outdated with flaking paint jobs should give you an idea on how much detail the developers put into this game.Get it. It's detailed. It has mod support. It's great."
,Recommended,446800,27398204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[BM&S]SilverStreak♥Fluttershy,"So this was a hard review for me. I love this game, it has so much more than what I was expecting. individual people with animation, even inside the train cars with minor interior detail. The ability to make basically any kind of line (quad-track high speed or mutiple freight lines serving one facility and branching out from there) gives me absolute freedom to play it the way I want, and with workshop support I add what the game does not have. But the hard part is there are a lot of issues I'm seeing in quite a few ways. Once you make a free play session you can't add more mods to it without resetting your progress and reloading a new map with the mods added, Or at least no way that was described to me how I can do that.The main gameplay issues I expirience are usually with the Track placements and the line creator tool. The most infuriating thing is asking for order, finally setting that order, then having the train AI use a different track than what it was set to. This only happens to train lines with two or more tracks heading to the same destinations. I place the line stops for my high speed 4 track lines to work in tandom with the left two lines going south in the loop and the right two going north. If I use electric locomotives and so much as forget one piece of track with overhead electric lines, my lines will go from normal as described above to having two lines shoved into one track, then fixing the issue puts the lines back on all four tracks but now they are not in the same order as I had them before! and now I have far left going south, middle left going north, middle right going north, and far right going south. Thats not how they are supposed to be to the trains so when the trains reach the stations they get confused, turned around, sometimes I find them stopped and facing opposing traffic and causing a massive traffic jam.I just want to be able to set a specific line to a specific track. Thats all I need.And while placing long streaches of track the frame rate drops. This also starts up when I have a lot of things going on at once. 14 passenger stations on a four main track line consisting of 20 Sundance express trains (aka The Amtrak Acela) adds up to about 80 trains at once coupled with the other train lines, truck lines, multiple light rail services, and truck/bus lines, it really causes way to much lag. I'm really doubting it is my computer as it's been shown to be able to handle newer more taxing games on the market like Planet Coaster and GTA 5.the final thing which is the smaller issue is the bridges for trains. You have tools for roads and rails that can convert old tracks into high speed and electrified at the click of one button. Same for the roads, making them wider, paved, and adding bus lanes and street car tracks. But why in the world can't I do that to the bridges? You start off with a standard 75mph steal box bridge that gets the job done for a while. But then as trains get faster these 75mph limited bridges become a handycapping point and need to be upgraded to the high speed bridges. In order to do so I have to delete every one, replace them (which can be a hassle sometimes to get the game to recognize what you're trying to do) and then as mentioned above, all my orgenized Lines are now out of order, all my trains are now on the wrong tracks. So I either delete and replace track untill the lines are back to normal (which is a random luck of the draw) or I send every train back to the depot and re-assign them.So with all of that out of the way, my final verdict.I think this game is amazing. It has quite a few problems with the tools used to set lines, a lack of tools to replace bridges easily, and some frame rate drop when you get things rolling on a massive scale. But when all is said and done and you weeded through the hard parts, the game opens up to a sense of fulfillment. That you overcame the issues at hand and now control a massive operation making billions of dollars. It's a great feeling and I really like the stock choices in the game for the American trains. Though with lots of workshop support and some feed back and patches with the developers, those issues seem so petty and will likely be ironed out in the coming year. the issues don't hurt the fun to much but instead left you feel accomplished even in No Cost mode.Overall, I have to say buy the game. If you don't like the issues I described then wait it out till they get fixed or buy it now and see if you can puzzle your way around them. It's really like an unintentional, but enjoyable side effect."
76561198018010396,Recommended,446800,29773424,Posted: 7 February,all,Out-There Dave,"*Game played off-line, steam hours are not a valid representation.This game is still supported, and being improved upon, that is rare and something I hope becomes the norm for the gaming community.My first thoughts when playing this game were...well, lets say, I was using a lot of ""sentance enhancers"". But, that was because I assumed this was yet another (albiet gorgeous) transport Tycoon type game. It isn't! Its a whole new animal. It will take you awhile to break-out of old habits if you are or were a ""Railroad Tycoon"" player, or a player of just about any game in that genre. I've played for months, and I'm still learning, and trying to break old habits and expectations.The game comes with both a couple of rather fun campaigns, and a SANDBOX mode from the Get-go! This is very nice, and the look of the game is phenomenal! *Small tweaks would really make this a 10/10 on looks alone. The models are impressive, but there are very few of them. One is quite suprised by this, and it is aparently left up to modders to fill in the massive gaps, especially in the early years. *Pay no attention to the 1980's bus-stops, stations, and depots in 1850. :) *It is my honest belief that the developers are working toward fillilng in some of these missing pieces, and to further polish the games content.Modding? Oh yea! You can aparently create your own ""assets"" (Things that just look cool), and/or modify the look of in-game assets, even create your own industries! There are also plenty of mods on the Workshop. Its not filled with everything you would hope for atm, but it is filling fast.The third-person camera, as well as a front mounted camera makes riding along with your Stagecoach, or IN your stagecoach, or your Train, car, boat, plane..ect, a real joy....its really is one of the best aspects of this game. However, your information is limited while in some of these camera modes, leaving you to speculate about how much time has passed, how many passengers your carrying, what day/month it is...ect. Seeing how a simple trip to the next town can take months, and a lot can happen in that time...(Well, I say alot, I mean something could have happened.), its not good to use that camera mode much. Also, as soon as you come out of that camera mode, all your info windows that you had open will be re-aranged in such a way, that you will have to spend some time re-arranging them.It takes a bit of time to understand how  ""demand-side"" economics works, so forget what you've learned from other transport games,(This will take some time), and focus on how the game is played. Playing throught the Campaigns(Really cool tutorials), will help you to better understand the way the game concepts work, and they are fun. *FYI, You don't have to get all the achievements on the first attempt.I would recommend the purchase of this game if you really enjoy the idea, and are looking at it. 2 guys designed this absolutely stunning looking game, and if they keep fixing any bugs that crop up, tweak a few graphical issues here and there, this will be a phenomenal game to play for a long time.It will take some time to get used too, if you're anything like me, and have played other games of this type, but the community is very helpfull and will work with you, to help you get past any issues."
,Recommended,446800,28722860,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WeebyVuit,"Brings back memories of TTD and Locomotion, loving this game"
76561198121231273,Recommended,446800,28613830,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jfrost2010,"This game is quite simply phenonmenal. I have been dreaming someone would make a transport tycoon deluxe for the modern era and it has finally arrived. Don't get me wrong there are improvements to be made, but this is amazing!"
76561198036185463,Recommended,446800,27053430,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dragosmur,Really good game. Needs a little more attention to detail (the aircraft jet engine turbines are not animated for example) and more tweaking to economy but otherwise is very entertaining.
76561198134093469,Recommended,446800,28622914,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nelxun,"It's a very joyful game, lots of elements help you spending whole day on networking, transporting and loaning...just one tiny suggetion, could be there any cargo airplane whihc carrys light-weight and processed stuff like goods, plastic, food or machine? or can I tell the Boeing company to do some research in Amercian mission 7, LOL"
76561197965631555,Not Recommended,446800,26523211,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jcloutier52,"overall this game is a good start.HOWEVER at this point game should still be in BATA1 - Cargo is broken, after 2 years of running out of one supplyer it will no longer load cargo evan though theres lots in storage.2 - game will randomly crash to desktop3 - Joining track sections is extreamly difficalt.I will change reveiw to possitive once game is actulay playable.."
76561198003121115,Recommended,446800,27654040,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Page0,"It is without a doubt the best transport game with this level of graphic details up to this date.Transport Fever offers two types of gameplay:1-> Campaign (US and Europe)2-> Free modAlso game have steam workshop support witch is constantly supplied with new content in game. Witch obviously significantly expands the gameplay experience.Campaigns begins almost like tutorials, introducing you to most basic game mechanics in first mission. So you can easily pick up. There are some awesome historical missions(Do not want to spoil anything here).And free mod is where you select bunch of parameters(Steam workshop items included) and you start building passenger or cargo lines between various industries and cities. You can risk and take loans witch can boost you to invest in new transport lines witch you expect to be profitable and if not you go bankrupt.The game is challenging and easy if you want it to be this way. Significant planning is needed if attempted to play on hard.Issues:There were some issues on game launch but developers responded quickly to deal with some of them. The rest will be fixed in near future.The game is kind heavy in late game at this moment, but  we do expect preformance update.When you build a large transport chain and when your towns needs increases in time your network forms a bottleneck somewhere in the chain. When that happens your network is not functioning good and you wer struggling to find where the bottleneck is. Few day ago developers relised a fix to that. Now the game tells you in general message box exactly where the bottleneck is.------------------The thrill of watching citizens using your transport lines makes this game quite realistic and satisfactory.The little things like models have weathering, front camera of any vehicle, seeing people inside busses, wagons, trams, ships, things like opening and closing doors on all vehicles, planes having functional landing gears, flaps you know the moving parts, this makes game real.People who played Train Fever may agree with this one. Transport Fever is basically way more satisfyingly complex than Train Fever.People who played ""Sid Meier's Railroads!"" will love Transport Fever, it have similar track building mechanicsBasically all people who like train in general will like this one as well. Your main transport vehicle will be train, if you play free mod with 1850 starting year.All in all the best game in its class!"
76561198032982718,Recommended,446800,28681680,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shreyasbhatnagar,One of the best simulation games out there. Highly recommended. I hope they come out with more Campaign mode series.
76561198026846628,Not Recommended,446800,29038749,Posted: 5 January,all,cuban,Can't get it to work! Purchased this game and it won't even start up says I need to update graphics when it is fully updated and I can run games such as Arma 3 well that are extremely demanding on PC performance. Do not understand why a game such as this cannot even start up.
76561198048417808,Not Recommended,446800,29703026,Posted: 4 February,all,ROFLwut?,"I initially recommended this game but, no, my conscience will no longer let me do that.The only thing this game simulates is a world of bumbling idiots that build production facilities on the other side of the country from their material sources and often so far out of town it would take anyone that works there a literal in-game year to actually get to work. Nothing here is remotely realistic or even faked well. The scenarios are blatantly artificial and have to be solved in a blatantly artificial way.On top of these things the game runs incredibly poorly, looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ materials are loaded and unloaded as if my magic, farm fields are slapped down on the map in the stupidest possible shapes and positions, and outside of the cities the entire map is a ghost town. Factories, farms and raw materials production sources have no one, as in absolutely no one, moving about... which would make sense because these places are so removed from habitation that everyone would starve to death before they got even halfway to work.What is the game good for:1. Train watching2. Fiddling about making train tracks3. Understanding how NOT to settle and expandI think what people really like here is the idea of what they got a whole lot more than they like what they actually did get. This is a very poorly conceived game and is not a simulator of anything realistic. The train whistles sound cool, though, and there's already enough mods to keep people way too busy to sit back and look at what they were sold. Some people really do like the game and that's fine, I get it, but those people that would have you believe this is some sort of realistic simulator are either A. lying or B. stupid. It's a game, like Monopoly is a game. It does not simulate anything."
76561198127572407,Recommended,446800,26739758,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Artful Dodger,"In desperate need of optimization, howeverj this game offers deep strategy and is great fun to play."
,Recommended,446800,26744015,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TechnoLad,"It's not perfect but it's not bad either.It's a straight foward game, being an ageless CEO of a transportation company established early as 1850 and managing it all the way to today. Utilising transportation options given to you as time progresses to get X from point A to point B, maybe even via Point C, and possibly back again. How the passengers/cargo makes the journey is up to you with planes, trains, buses/trucks and boats. Keeping in mind if your budget will allow it though. There's two enviornments, America and Europe, each having their own sets of vehicles for you to use.Though, unless you love the sight of a classic steam train travelling through the countryside, don't expect too much from this game. Just like drivers of your company-owned vehicles, you'll find yourself just doing the same thing over and over again."
76561198019762204,Recommended,446800,26738841,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,KILLERMANJARO,"I feel that this game could use some more work. It is supposed to be an upgrade from Train Fever but the changes are very minimal. I was expecting new signals, tracks and many more vehicles but in that respect I was a little dissapointed. It is still a good game, but just ""good"" not excellent. I hope the developers work on a few more changes to make this game even better.Note - It is only fair to mention that the price I paid was a promotional one so maybe they are aware that it still needs some work."
,Recommended,446800,28849177,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kubur,"Great and enjoyable game. Can't stop playing. Have been waiting for this since TTD, and this is a worthy successor. Can't recommend enough."
76561198004390598,Recommended,446800,28783637,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,b_barkhan,"Firstfull it is nice game but user interface is not usefull. Means in normal tycoon games you can play with only mouse and easy control but in this game you must use your keyboard with mouse like fps game :)Another thing is icons are ver little it is hard to see when zoom out map. (Icons I mean product and produce icons of industrial buildings)Also lke Railroad Tycoon 2, you can add a button for we can see resources and produtcs on the map which we need. for example; i need to logs but i try to looking map everywhere for finding log. but if there is a button about resources i can see only producers and demand of logs.Graphics, music and effects are very  nice. beginning 1850 is good idea. İ like horse wagons :)If you like tycoon games and your are an old gamer and railroad tycoon lover this game will be superb choice for you :)Cheers :)"
,Recommended,446800,35351995,Posted: 30 September,all,ulx,"This game scratches a lot of my itches.Its finally a worth successor to isometric (and iconic) Transport TycoonTheres a big community of modders constantly expanding the game with great visualsI love riding the trains on the tracks that i built. For that itch i had to play train simulators in the past, which still werent quite as satisfying, because you mostly couldnt just sit there and watch, not to speak of a lack of eye candy in train sims and train tracks limited.In Transport fever you can ride ANY of the vehicles and watch them travel through beautiful landscapes.I even prefer hilly terrain because it looks so much nicer than flat land. Slopey tracks also are so much nicer than just straight forward.But...There is no multiplayer, no coop, no AI. So it does get boring rather quickly because there is no competition and not that many industries to connect...Distances bewteen cities arent that long and the map sizes (even the larger experimental ones) arent that big. i didnt have a game so far, where the concorde airplane could actually reach full speed on a flight from end to end of a map...Anyways. Transport Fever is the best game of THIS KIND with nice 3D visuals.If you can live without riding your own trains and are in for multiplayer/coop or competition with AI and fine with isometric 2d graphics, go play OpenTTD, as it offers everything this game offers, for free and with a huge fanbase too.You might also checkopenttdcoop.org. They build really amazing rail networks and everyone who wants can participate in their regular games."
,Recommended,446800,28588005,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ska,Quite funny.
,Recommended,446800,29200874,Posted: 12 January,all,SquirmyJ,Transport crack.... Good quality crack mate. Get on it. Choo choo.Excellent map seed right here:All settings medium. Map shape 1:1seed: Twickenham
76561198026322823,Recommended,446800,26672471,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,baesque,Super fun spiritual sucessor to one of my all time favorites: transport tycoon. Can't wait to play more!
76561198041557364,Not Recommended,446800,26496338,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,redbranchknights,"More Work Required!!!!!!This game has serious potential to be an absolute masterpiece; however the black areas of the map are really not acceptable, they are all over the map and it now looks like camouflage lol!!! Seriously though the game is relatively unplayable in its current state, if the devs get this issue with the black areas fixed, I will recomend this game, at the minute though I can't :(2/10"
,Recommended,446800,28295554,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Davded,"On the whole I find this game enjoyable and a good take on the 'transport tycoon' genre. I'd recommend playing OpenTTD first (it's open source and is still the original and best transport game imo).Lets start with the positives;* Sweet Track Building tools, once you learn the hotkeys and some tricks some very realistic layouts can be made.* Nice graphics, the 3D is great and vehicle models are solid.* The ability to zoom from street level and follow pedestrians to a high aerial view of the map is sweet.* The terrain generator is cool and makes some nice varied maps to play on.* The game requires planning and some hard thinking about your network and routes to actually succeed, it is a challenge.Negatives;* The game runs badly, severe frame drops/stuttering when building large bits of track, during autosaves, and at the month/year ends when everything simultanously pays running costs.* Lacks complexity, only one type of signal (path), train line planner could have more loading and station options.* Train pathfinding is garbage, at least there could be basic block signals so we can manually design the paths for trains. Because if they do it themselfs they always jam, end up facing nose to nose in a station exit etc.. If this happens and you don't have any capital to spend to fix it by deleting/placing track/signals your game is over as you go into debt from the running costs."
76561198344051740,Recommended,446800,29168783,Posted: 10 January,all,blue.mac.tile,"Love this game !!  HATE the performance, the lag problems are an exersise in frustration... BIG shout out to all the ppl who make mods for this game. AWESOME WORK GUYS !!!... Looking forward to the lag problems being fixed SOON so I can play this game without rebooting every 1/2 hr... I have many games installed on my PC that are way more demanding on systems and they run perfect no problemks at all... so I'll be back when it works proper... Would I recommend this game ? YES !!  But save your money til they fix the performace, unless you like frustration..."
76561198013912986,Recommended,446800,27483959,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,oleneestlane,"Build train, get money"
,Recommended,446800,27309754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[GER] afisch (DE-de/EN-us),"The simulation is done well including the pathfinding. As some reviewers already pointed out there is no chance to let trains automatically find a new platform if a different train is blocking it, neither is there any chance to let the train find a different route if the actual one is blocked. These two points did keep me from buying the game.What can I say, I did buy it and the pathfinding is okay. This is just because you can rewiew the path and tweak it, which i rarely needed to. Same goes for the automatic selection of the platform in a station: You can just force any train into the platform of your choice by sending him to a waypoint just in front of it.To be honest, there are some caveats. The performance is okay, i guess (Core i7 2600, GTX 550 Ti, 8GB RAM), the Framerate drops to single digit values occasionally, but the game plays fine. This isn't a FPS after all. The loading times however, are tremendous (HDD 7200 rpm).Some aspects of the game are subject to each and every ones taste. The overall progress of the player in the game is relatively slow, while the timeline flies like an arrow. If you are more into trains, your first and third train are from different epochs.The track building progress is more fun than in other games (I didn't play Train Fever though) and the result looks like in real life, especially the track fields (Gleisvorfelder) of larger stations. Signalling is fine yet simple. Somehow i managed to build a setup with no deadlocks - yet.For die hard fans of Transport Tycoon and its successors, this game is a must have. It feels a lot like Trucks and Trains Tycoon, but has almost everything done right.Despite the performance issues this game is worth its while and the price tag is somewhat okay. If you can snatch the game in sale, you won't regret it."
76561198034503878,Recommended,446800,26741730,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[JNA] Nero Serafim,"Awesome game. Too few games like this one. It is challenging, but when you get it right you most certainly feel good!"
76561198095151454,Recommended,446800,28768762,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mrs Pittman,"Good game. My only complaint would be that I had to go to Youtube to watch a few playthroughs before I 100% understood the mechanics. There IS an in-game tutorial, but I felt that it was very rushed and did not go into enough detail. Overall, worth the money, you can get a ton of gametime out of the base game and then go to the workshop to add more!"
76561198038469642,Recommended,446800,29049493,Posted: 5 January,all,Averlyn,Pros:Good game playWell BallencedNice texturesGood graphicsCons:BuggyTerrible optimization- lags even on good computersBad tutorial
76561198045087093,Recommended,446800,26744939,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bigred7813,9This game is extremely addicting. If you like OpenTTD or Cities in Motion you will most likely like this game. The only thing is the tutorials in the game are not all that teaching so I would recommend watching a couple videos or playing the campaign to understand how to move items around the most effective way. Other than that i give this game a solid 9/10
,Recommended,446800,30369835,Posted: 7 March,all,hellsvien,"Transport Fever, a game I first discovered on Facebook has got to be the most addictive company simulator game I have ever gotten into. Just imagine Simcity with beautiful high details on the landscape, vehicles, people, animals, and of course the TRAINS, PLANES, BOATS, BUSES, TRUCKS, TRAMS!You are a transport company. You start out on a new map with a random seed (you can put in your own). You can choose between Europe or USA. You can fully customize what everything else is in your game too. Starting year, hilly flat? Up to you. Remeber USA is desert and EUROPE is green atm....Anyway the game starts and you can see multiple towns spred over the map, with mountains, rivers, lakes.You scout around for the town with the highest population, and with good resources nearby.Plop down your first choice of transport. A road or tram depot? A freight station? Passenger station? Ferry terminal? The choice is up to you. I personally will make a passenger TERMINAL with max platforms and length. Then you simply manage your services and upgrade expand as you can. As the years go past starting at 1850 till FOREVER you will unlock newer and more efficent machines.The end goal is up to you. My personal goal is a whole map as one city all connected.I'll now grade the game on my SCALE.System: 3/5 loads fairly slow first load and saving can freeze game shortly.Challenge: 5/5 there is an easy option all the way to hard!Available Mods: 3/5 there is a few good mods available!Learning Curve: 4/5 The learning curve is pretty steep but not hard with time.Entertainment: 10/10 This game so far has given me 75 hours of entertainment and it aint slowing down.TOP SCORE 25/30.I highly recommend this game. It's a little expensive for what it is, but it's still a great game."
,Recommended,446800,31181650,Posted: 16 April,all,Svenski72,"I held out on buying Transport Fever due to mixed reviews. I've now waded in with a purchase and, despite plenty of reservations, I'll give it a tentative thumbs up.The good:The game is beautiful to watch. Attention to fine detail on the various vehicles, trains, planes etc. is stunning.It's relatively easy to get to grips with. Nice touches include the different paint finishes on various vehicles, and the shadow underneath a plane as it comes down to land.I'm running an i7-7700K with 16GB of RAM and a 1060 graphics card. The game runs brilliantly for me and I can have various vehicle windows openm showing trams, buses, trains etc. going about their routes on screen at once with no slowdown.There is an active modding community and plenty of stuff is available for the game, from Steam Workshop.The bad:It is extremely hard to make money playing this game, even on the easy setting Trains are pretty useless for freight (more on that later), planes have limited capacity, and trucks early on have even less. Without playing with mods enabled I managed to make a profit with passenger trains and some truck freight lines. Planes and rail freight all bombed. Trams were the most cost effective for me. It also takes time for various businesses and commuters to become aware of your new line, so every new line will run at a loss until interest (and business) picks up.As towns and cities expand so does potential passenger numbers. You can get to a point where you have millions in the bank but purchase costs for new trains (as an example) become so high in the later stages of the game that simply replacing a train becomes expensive and possibly unviable.Freight trains work to a degree but never seem to make much if any money. Early in game you can make a bit of headway but eventually maintenance costs for each engine will out weigh the profits. You can force a train to wait until full and only run with a full load. This helps, but this also impacts on industries waiting for your cargo and your train can literally sit for  years (game time) loading up with cargo. It will make 1 cargo run every 3 years say, with a nice profit for one year out of the three. During the other 2 years, where it is sat at the station loading up, you'll get a fat loss.You can get trains to ship only what is available, so they run part loaded or empty. Trains with partial cargo may make a small profit early game but, later on, running costs will simply mean each freight train is a loss maker.You can have an industry such as an oil well with high production and its yard full of barrels of crude oil. For whatever reason, there is an invisible old man in-game with a small trolley that literally wheels each barrel of oil from the oil well to the freight station platform.  We'll call the old man Stan.Moving on; take a farm that produces livestock and grain. Have a 2 terminal freight harbour, and watch how your ships line up queuing to load up as one ship waits on Stan to do his thing and move sacks of grain, one by one. Forget the livestock backing up and the fact you have a dock free. Everyone and everything has to wait for Stan.Production chains can be extensive. Send A to B results in C going to D which results in E and F needing to go somewhere. Towns and cities accept passengers without question but only certain buildings in those towns and cities accept certain goods such as fuel, machines, construction materials, tools and food. So, you have to build a freight yard in the part of town that will accept what you are wanting to ship. Now, somewhere along the line, despite the fact that each town and city expands over time, your nice profitable food manufacturing and shipment line will grind to a halt becase, wait for it, the town has had enough of your food. Meanwhile, back at the food freight depot, there is plenty of stock and Stan is loading each truck with bread, box by box. Trucks are backing up, leaving empty, lots of swearing involved. Did the game lead you toward demand being satisfied as a problem for the collapse of your mega bagel business? Nope.Freight can be shipped automatically or by specific cargo type. When you purchase each new truck or wagon you can leave it as automatic or specify its cargo type. Automatic works well initially but as your distribution chain grows more extensive the game will go into meltdown. For no reason whatsoever your plastic will end up at your food factory, steel will end up at your farm, and tools will end up at your lumber yard.In short, the game is pretty decent. Visually stunning with lots of nice touches that will continue to surprise you. But, and it is a big but; the freight aspect of the game (at best) is just not fun, or (at worst) is just plain broken. Industry production is pretty complex and interdependent and just falls apart. I'd like to see bigger maps and planes with realistic passenger capacity and money making potential.So, 70% (ish) is my score. Wish it could be more."
,Recommended,446800,28352807,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SuperJesse64,"Well, I figure it's time to finally give my fifty cents on this game.To start, I was a beta tester for the original Train Fever; first hearing about it from Nick Ozarak; the host of The Roundhouse podcast, back in 2012. Suffice to say that I sunk a LOT of time into that game, a good 1350+ hours over the course of two years.Looking back though, it's clear to me that what we got was a stabilized beta test; lacking in regions, rolling stock, cargo, and flexibility for the majority of its lifespan. In short, it was a literal hype train, and the result was underwhelming, but still worthwhile thanks to the modding community.Now then, let's get to what you all want to hear; my opinion on THIS game, not it's predecessor!Gameplay:The gameplay is still relatively the same as Train Fever; build your network in a gridless world and cash in. However, there are numerous changes compared to TrainF that make TransF feel a bit more traditional a'la Locomotion and OpenTTD (The latter is also fun, start there if you lack the cash for TransF), with catchment areas for stations that increase the need for bus and truck services to ensure you get what you need where it needs to go. Ships and planes are also a welcome addition, as one allows for cheap bulk transportation while the other is, what else? Fast. It reintroduces the flexibility that makes Locomotion and OpenTTD fun; Ships make use of rivers and planes reduce your raillines' stress.Adding to this is the addition of new cargo types, and the increased demand of resources by cities; anywhere from 100+ to 1000+ instead of 2, making freight trains far more worthwhile and varied. Just remember though; trains are far more expensive than they were previously, so be ready to watch your cash drain away if you get reckless.Campaign:It's a fluctuating hard. 8-bit armies gold star hard, especially if you go for each of the 14 levels' achievements and all three tycoon achievements (Which require you to ace all the levels' acheivements. As of this review, NO ONE has gotten them.). Some levels like Gotthard tunnel can be easy as triggering an SJW, while others like Great Depression are hard as trying to watch corporate pandering movies (LOOOORAAAAAAXXXX). More often than not, you'll find yourself constantly hard-pressed for cash as you go for certain level goals. So far, I've only finished the America Campaign, and I'm currently struggling with the second Europe level; Bridge Disaster. If you go for the time goals, be ready for the clock to be your worst enemy.Presentation: I can certainly say that TransF feels a lot more like the pre-alpha of TrainF with its surrounding HUD, which feels far more refined and makes use of every edge of the screen (Although scrolling to the right is awkward; you gotta put your mouse NEAR the edge of the screen in order to do it.). Vehicles can now be painted and given logos (I assume logos can only be applied in free play, someone correct me on that), not to mention they become dirty as time passes.Performance: My computer runs the game relatively well, but does occasionally stutter. However, my experience can't speak for others; how it runs is up to your own equipment.Final Thoughts: To say the least, Transport Fever is solid, and feels more refined in comparison to its predecessor. There still may be something I haven't noticed in my time of playing this game, so take this all with a grain of salt, just in case. In the end, I still recommend this game without a question over Train Fever."
76561198095207564,Recommended,446800,26744607,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Husarz,"Well, well, well.This game is a huge improvement from Train Fever (which was already one of my favorite game), aside from graphic which is really nice, the gameplay itself is funny and challenging.Honestly it's quite hard to be bored here, there's always something to do, something to fix and so on, the game is very addictive.10/10"
76561198337838260,Recommended,446800,28362892,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jjeff1955,Nice Graphics. Fun to play. Lots of Free Content Downloads.
76561197978507096,Recommended,446800,28616165,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,smoyor,I really enjoy these kind of games and you don't see them come on the market very often. One of my favourite Genre's is city building and while this isn't a city builder in the sim city sense it definately fits in the realm due to its focus on managing resources. I love the challenge of solely focusing on building a transportation network. The graphics are really nice and so far I have had no glitches or problems with the game. I paid full price for this and it was certainly worth it.
,Recommended,446800,28940427,Posted: 2 January,all,[888],"great and fun game, but only for peoples that loves management and city building games....its not really a city building games, but cities can grow, as long as we can support the city,but at the time of this writing, the game is plagued with CTDs, but it seems not everyone is affected, but sadly, i'm one of the people that is affected by this CTD.but still overall its a good game, its worth it, but hopefully the dev can get that ctd fix as soon as possible....."
76561197966938065,Not Recommended,446800,28199602,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gazer75,Poor late game performance really ruin a good game.Im not even at 1950 and my FPS is down to an average of 25.Trying to construct stuff like a rail station late game gives you 1-5fps.This is with an i5 3570 and a GTX970.Its pretty much the same as the previous game they made. So they have basically done nothing to fix performance.The performace patch on 20 December did nothing. If anything it made the performance worse for me. Trying to build anything will now slow the game to one frame every two seconds at most.March 2017 patch and it is still the same. Simply not possible to build stuff late game.
,Not Recommended,446800,26545748,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,大肥胖老猫,"I rarely give negative feedback on games and other software, but I have to say that I am not very happy with this purchase.While the graphics are alright, there are problems trying to make overpasses, getting passengers to use stations, and if you upgrade a road while a vehicle is traveling on it, the vehicle will reset and go back to where it came from. These are problems that can obviously be fixed in a patch, so these are not the reasons why I don't recommend the game, but rather reasons why I have a small number of hours of gameplay.I'm the kind of person who values gameplay over the graphics. For a game to be stimulating, it has to work smoothly and it has to deliver on what it does best. This game is based from OpenTTD, except that it has less features and customization. I think that this game would have been a success if the developers had copied Cities: Skylines instead of copying OpenTTD. For this reason, I cannot recommend the game because it feels unfinished and I think that trying to make a paid copy of a free game with less features is a poor business decision."
76561198137697794,Recommended,446800,28198190,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Tempest,Great Game a real challenge to keep your business afloat
76561198014745880,Recommended,446800,26531136,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lisa2900,"I absolutely LOVE this game!! It's pretty awesome! Yes there are a few bugs but seriously what game out there doesn't have a bug now and again? I would highly recommend this game if you love management and tycoon city type games. While you can't really ""build"" a city you can however help it expand which helps you expand. I've played it a handful of times and its a favorite of mine!"
,Recommended,446800,27974936,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,nick (ENG) | YOUTUBE |,its nice videogame my friend :)
76561198031922011,Not Recommended,446800,28669769,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dave,"Transport Fever could be a great game if and when it is properly finished. The game as it stands now 26/12/2016 should not have got beyond beta testing or, at the very least, have been sold as an early access version. The graphics and gameplay are great but it has some major problems. The game crashes, particularly when building or updating track/roads. I have also had a problem when updating that each section took longer and longer to do until my PC report that it was running out of memory. As my PC has 32Gb of RAM I find this unlikely and obviously a problem with the game. The other major problem is the framerate. The game runs fine for a variable amount of time, usually between 5 and 20 minutes, and then suddenly the framerate drops like 1 frame every 3 seconds and the game becomes unplayable. You can usually manage to save the game and restart the program but this is a problem that the game should not have been released with. The other annoying problem is the hangs at the end of each month as the finances are calculated which only get worse as you expand your empire. Final minor niggle to the developers – please sort out what units, metric or imperial, you are using, for example, it is useless giving station lengths in Meters then having you train building window measure your train in fractions of a mile.Overall, this could be a great game but it’s a long way from ready for release!"
76561198143854582,Not Recommended,446800,28671276,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jamielayton24,"After being a massive fan of Transport Tycoon (TTD) and Locomotion, I was very disappointed at this game. Afterall with this (as far as I can see), trying to be a modern equivalent."
76561198291348424,Recommended,446800,32185104,Posted: 4 June,all,jr200364,"Recommendend for people who like simulation/tycoon games. Amazing system of building roads and tracks, buying buses,trains,boats,etc... and creating line to transport people and freight. Great Game 9/10."
76561198358778278,Recommended,446800,30315510,Posted: 4 March,all,NameTheCaptain,Very addictive time passer. 5 stars.
76561198018447439,Recommended,446800,31464784,Posted: 30 April,all,mr.popeye,"If you are looking to build cities and run transport networks, then you cant go wrong with this.I already have way too many hours on this! Lol."
,Not Recommended,446800,30674759,Posted: 22 March,all,JohnMac,"Really could of been a great game, but it is riddled with bugs and ruined with a truly terrible terrain generator. The performance also becomes unbearable after you have built up a reasonably sized transport network too, even on high end machines.On the plus side, the graphics and the audio are quite pleasant, the gameplay is interesting, and if the issues are ever ironed out i would change this to a recommended, but for the price they are asking for, and the state it is currently in, it just simply isnt worth it."
76561198035824009,Not Recommended,446800,31239698,Posted: 19 April,all,patoninthedesert,"Great idea poorly thought out. The rail bed system has improved since Train Fever. But if you are looking for a train/transportation simulation type game this is not it unless all you do is the sandbox with no challenges.  I am a former Railroad worker (CPR). I have spent many frustrated hours on this game about 300 and that does not count Train Fever. Whatever logarithm they have used to calculate freight cost is ridiculous you can only enjoy this game if you mod it to repair freight cost. Also, the MOST important thing about rail is the LONG HALL! with the way industries are set up you can't do the long hall. Because you constantly have to keep tricking the industries into waking up. Your train shows up with 25 cars and no cargo but you have lots of demand a string of 5 towns trucks waiting, one game this works the next maybe not. And the biggest frustration is how freight is handled. Railroads do not load cars! They drop cars off the industry loads them. This might have been the way back in the beginning for a short time. But the way freight works is, the railroads have fleets of cars. They are left in towns or yards where a switcher moves them to different areas for loading by industry. Then they are moved back after loading and put in groups or trains. When there are enough cars for a destination power is dispatched (locomotives). The crew are told pick up the 30 gondola cars of coal on track 27, the 19 boxcars on track 5 and 4 empty hoppers on 11. Then they are told to drop the 4 hoppers at the grain industry 25 miles out and pick up 4 full cars at the same point. Then go to the next town/yard and drop everything there. Then pick up 30 empty gondola cars 15 full boxcars 4 empty boxcars as well as 4 empty hoppers. As you can see the car supply is brought back to the yard to maintain the supply of cars for loading by industry. This has been simplified but you get the point. You don't have a train with 5 boxcars 5 hopper cars and 5 gondola cars and go to stations hoping for freight this does not make affordable transportation of freight. So again if you are looking for a challenging simulation this isn't it. And the sad thing is I don't believe the guys that built this game have ever really tried to play it. I get they test thing but the real test is starting from scratch and playing a 50+ hour game trying to build a system."
76561197990894481,Recommended,446800,26625187,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nezined,"Transport Fever genuinely deserves my thumbs-up, though there’s a bit of polishing left and a couple of key features I’d still like to see come out of the game.I’ve most recently finished the American Campaign, as well as about half of the European. The scenarios are engaging, although the voice acting and writing can seem a little over enthusiastic and unnatural at times. Mission objectives do have a bit of variety, and have a lot of side-projects / achievements that adds a little replayability to the campaigns.I’ve also heard of some scowling about production chains suddenly stopping, but as  far as I’ve seen, production lines are fairly straightforward to handle. Having zone layers definitely helps with identifying industrial centers. I think that some people playing the campaign mission don’t realize when construction sites finish, that will slow down the entire production line. Be sure to check the ‘Consumption Limits’ in the details window.Much of the game will be spent with the Line Manager window open, and players will soon realize not to spam train cargo carts, as that will severely increase operating costs and kills profit margins early on in the game.For anyone who’s played Train Fever, track building feels quite the same. It has its own quirks and flaws, but it’s not hard to get to the basic switching functions laid out and looking nice.Terraforming controls are also a little jerky, but a smooth function helps deal with that. Other issue with terraforming is all the land surrounding water seems to be untouchable, which makes it impossible to widen tight river corridors for large harbors.Traffic AI is in a sordid state. Having too many trucks too early on a production line can leave them backed up at a cargo station and blocking traffic. As others have pointed out, buses and trucks don’t pass ahead of slower vehicles, even on four lane roads.All of the streets that spawn in the early 20th century all seem to medium streets. Upgrading them to handle more traffic can be too expensive with demolition costs, especially in the late game. This was problematic for me on the Airmail mission.Time controls also don’t respond appropriately to loading times. There seems to be an odd delay between when trucks fill up on cargo and actually get moving.My biggest complaint with the current status of the game is the lack of a scenario and map editor. I’ve seen a couple mods online that attempt to accomplish this, but there’s nothing so far in-game with an intuitive GUI. Train Fever also suffered from that, and I found one of the developers response to a request on their forum for a map editor seem very detached.With this in mind, I believe more hand-designed maps and cities would certainly flesh out what’s missing from the current game.At the $30 dollar price point I paid, Urban Games surely delivered on the key tenants of a transport management game.  Decent graphical quality and scores of vehicles to choose from provides many gametime hours, but if you didn’t enjoy Train Fever, you may find the gameplay becoming stale soon on. A few minor issues here and there that needs patching, and adding a map editor would really tie up some loose ends."
76561198007783852,Recommended,446800,30880165,Posted: 1 April,all,Cayman,"This is an awesome game, a real masterpiece. There is some problem in setting profitable lines between industries, but it is easy to forgive this when you see your choo-choos going between towns, and your road transportation lines developing as time passes, with the availability of new vehicles... I like this very very much."
76561198011585825,Recommended,446800,26540429,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CarlR,Great Transport SImulation game.  A few minor issues but nothing game breaking and easily playable if you keep these quirks in mind while building.  Enjoying the game greatly.
,Recommended,446800,26598976,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jayzhead,"Good upgrade over the original Train Fever. The game feels great, much smoother than the old one. Construction tools are vastly improved, so finally track can be laid properly. The new industry chains make for much better gameplay, and the addition of water and air transport is awesome.However, it is not without it's flaws, most of which were inherited from the old game, which is a shame, For example, there is still no way to plot a route on the ground without commiting to building it, which results in a trial-and-error-buldoze-repeat method of building, which is wasteful. But the biggest problem is probably the touchy nature and unpredictable behavior of the industries. Instead of communication from the industries as to how many items they need you to transport, you're expected to guess and do a touchy balancing act trying to create a healthy supply chain. Also, the payment for cargo deliveries is way too low, and the payment for passenger transport is somewhat high. In the real world, rail operators often subsidize passenger operations with profit from freight operations. In Transport Fever it works exactly the other way around: my passenger lines are making obscene amounts of money while my cargo lines are always teetering on the brink of unprofitability. Cargo delivery prices should take into account that often vehicles return empty after delivery; and passenger services should pay less per delivery but be subsidized by the town authorities if service is efficient.The new interface is better in some ways, but still lacking in others (how is it intuitive that you need to click on the station icon in the upgrade window to upgrade a station, with no instruction to do so?). The addition of water and planes are great, but still feels half baked - especially the ships. They pass through each other and float over the water constantly.Overall, I would definitely recommend this. It is the best transport simulation game around, period. Good balance of gameplay depth and eye candy. But I wish they would fix the annoyances that were carried over from the old game. But regardless, now I can whole-heartedly say that we have a viable successor to the good old TTD."
76561198008138888,Not Recommended,446800,29447002,Posted: 23 January,all,Unholyseven666,"To start the game it really fun and has a bit of a learning curve to get use such as the supply demand balancing and the potential Vs production balancing. Though its not to complicated though i do find the game lacking in terms of content as really once you get a profitable business up theres really not much else to do besides from that. No random events or anything to add to the feeling fo the game. If your succesful really depends on wha the map generator creates sometimes its good and some times its just plain horrible. I dont recommend the game at its current price i would just say [wait tell its on sale for $20.00 or less] $35.00 is just to much for what he game offers though the steamworkshop offers a bit more content.Also, trains need more ways of controlling or directing and need better A.I in terms of how to arrive at a destination."
76561197995048448,Recommended,446800,32880598,Posted: 27 June,all,mindedie,Some time ago some one said -  impossible to make 3D Transport Tycoon. Transport Fever prove it’s possible. Not perfect but good enough for me.
,Recommended,446800,26630595,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mr.Fraggles,"If you are a fan of Transport Tycoon you will like this game.The graphics in 4K are really nice.It's not perfect, but its worth picking up!"
76561197970989665,Not Recommended,446800,26528979,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Odintyr,"It comes close as a TTD game, but no... At least not yet. It is far to buggy at this state. A lot of times your lines will just not become active. So you placed a track set up everything as it should be done, and nothing happens. Ofc the train will do it's thing, but no goods are transported. People don't take the bus etc. Weird game breaking stuff they need to fix before you can call it a good game. Also the time progression is so freaking fast, that it takes years for a train to make one trip. As such it becomes obsolete in a couple of runs, wich ofc is weird. I hope they fix these issues. After that i'll make a proper review, as of now i am not able to..."
,Not Recommended,446800,26509987,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,broyzoans,"It's not TTDX or Open TTD, it's too complex and the formula isn't quite right.Honestly I am looking forward to this game, but in the end it fails me, just like any games that wanna be TTDX-like.Because in the end, what I really want is only TTDX with all of its formula, with updated graphics, and no more messing about.Oh also this game is buggy, and very often I experienced FPS drop. Also, a lot of crashes."
76561198095905322,Not Recommended,446800,26499768,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Thefartingmonster,As of now I will say this is a no go for me. Within the first 30 minuts of the game it crashed on me 3 times. My system is fully capable of running this game yet there were some massive frame rate drops (4790K with a 908ti). It is not well optimized and still very buggy for todays standards. Seems to be more of an early release title. Although I belive that the developer will take care of most of these issues it shouldn't be something to expect on launch date. I am sad to have reported this due to me really being a fan of railroad tycoon games and desperatly wanting this to be an awesome game. Unfortunately it has not lived up to my expectations.
76561198074202926,Recommended,446800,32279785,Posted: 8 June,all,Madfry,Its a serious grind game that knows no end. Its a fun waste of time...
,Recommended,446800,26590469,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,∀lǝx,"Don't get what the negative reviews are about. Game works perfectly at 60fps on GNU / Linux and seems really fun so far. Few minor things to polish, but I can't find all of these horrible issues people are complaining about.If you like Tycoon Games and you like Transport then this is the game for you!"
76561198051226667,Not Recommended,446800,28328235,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Hasseldieksdamm-Mettenhof,"tl;drDont buy if you came from OTTD. You will never get this as complex as OTTD gets, especially with trains, signals and stations.Its a nice game, but you will be bored if you came from OTTD."
,Not Recommended,446800,26507924,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Warkanum,"Honestly, I looked forward to this game. I played Transport Tycoon when I was a kid. This game has disapointed me because of incomplete and buggy features. Factories are not producing. Time is moving to quick compared to vehicle movement speed. Traffic jams make a round trip take 2 weeks for a bus. I'm still not able to find the gold from the tutorial mission. There are a few good things though. It works great on Linux. I was able to play a few compaigns without problems. I did the tutorials. Yeah, I mentioned tutorials because it's one of the great working features of this game. I'm not giving it a thumbs up, because I don't think I'll play this untils there are some more features. I think it's missing multiplayer, competitors, disastors and a lot more from Transport Tycoon."
76561198105800533,Recommended,446800,32604165,Posted: 20 June,all,pauloel7,Mostly delightful.Am looking forward to its upgrade.
76561197961147948,Not Recommended,446800,26525601,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Hakiki,"Alt-F4 doesn't work to close program.Escape doesn't bring up a main menu.Volume only has 10 steps, much too little.Music volume setting doesn't adjust volume while in menus, only in-game.Game noises aren't muted when alt-tabbed.No hotkey to speed up mapscroll.No option for windowed borderless (in fullscreen).Not possible to map mouse buttons as hotkeys.Significant lag and stutters throughout the first 2 campaign games.Extremely dumb track-predictor when attempting to connect new track to existing track.Many messages/buttons show in german even though english language is selected.Extremely dumb and unintuitive UI.Ingame windows only snap to edge, not to each other.Ingame windows often start partly outside of screen edges.Ingame achievements doesn't work properly.Campaign mode starts of at a ridiculously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly unexplained level of knowledge required.Clicking ""upgrade"" brings up a new window that says ""no parameters"" and no further info.  If upgrade isn't possible, don't let the button be highlighted and clickable.Zooming levels are far too far apart, going from too close to too far away.Switching zoom levels changes the camera pitch, which is extremely annoying. Especially when camera is (or was) over non-flat terrain.Game doesn't aknowledge if mouse is over UI or not, and previews building/road/track beneath UI on the map when it shouldn't be.Extremely laggy given that this is not a visually impressive game.Windows randomly resize themselves.No way to instantly replace all vehicles.No way to only replace the locomotive on trains, if you try to you get only a locomotive without wagons behind it.Automatically replacing vehicles doesn't properly set the cargo types.Not possible to exlude cargo types from a vehicles load, only lock it to a specific one.Not possible to give detailed instructions what a vehicle should do at a station. This means that when attempting to create fun/complicated network with many lines interacting with each other there's no way to select what the vehicle should load, what it should unload, where it should and should'nt transfer cargo etc. So in turn you get vehicles on for example a steel-line hauling 1 piece of plastic, because it decided to pick one up randomly from some station that had it lying around. Since it now has plastic it can't load steel, and the entire ♥♥♥♥ing network collapses.If this was a $5 pre-release it'd be OK, but for a released game (even though patches will probably be produced, hopefully many of them) this is currently an overpriced POS.Very very frustrating, since I realize this is a game I could have a LOT of fun with if they would've done it properly.  This feels rushed, full of bugs and un-optimalized game-code.  Even the direction a truck coming out of the depot is decided by the placement of the depot relative to the road, not relative to the line instruction.Right now this feels to me like the kind of crap someone will try to make a lot of money for with as little effort as possible.  If someone else re-created this game with the exact same features and none of the bugs (and other flawed♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would happily pay full price for that, but I will never trust this developer/publisher enough to buy another game from them."
,Not Recommended,446800,31278891,Posted: 21 April,all,Exchequer,"I love tycoon games so I really wanted to like this game. But I am not going to recommend it.My main concern is that they basically applied their train fever philosophy (all persons must go somewhere) to their industries. This does not really work!Pro:+Great visuals+Includes a challenging campaign (train fever did not)Cons:-Industry mechanic are more of a nuisance than a challenge-Financial system imbalanced (running cost too high, construction too cheap)-No multiplayer-Multiple trains per line works pretty awefull comapred to Openttd/railroal tycoon 3Let me give you a short example: A forest can produce a 100 units of logs. However as soon as you put a train there you will find that it it will only produce the amount of wood that was ordered by the sawmill. Let's say 20 units. Now the sawmill will stop ordering logs untill these logs are delivered OR if there is a reason to order additional logs. It will also completely stop ordering logs when there is no demand for it's own product: panks. Therefore you will need to ship planks to the goods factory. Now the goods factory will stop ordering planks because to produce goods it also requires plastic. Plastic requires either wheat or oil. Then the goods also must be transported to the town (limited demand).This means that in order to use industries you need to cover AND balance the entire chain. If somewhere demand drops it will cascade through the entire system. Upgrading a few trains can create an imbalance that will reduce your demand for coal by 80% for 4-5 years.This issue is compounded by the cost system. If you build a track in the early game you are talking about 2M for the line (tracks+stations+depot), 1-2M per train and 300K running cost yearly. As time progresses trains will become as expensive. In 1930 a full train will cost 10M, running cost 1.2M per year. The construction cost are still 2M.  This makes no sense! But there is more, not only locomotive has high upkeep cost, each cart has a significant upkeep aswell! E.g. the 1914 Baden train costs 247 K/ year and 10 open wagons will cost 643K / year.The result is a mixed bag of strange facts. For example investing in long trains too early is really bad because it will work against you on so many levels:-each cart has a significant upkeep of its own-each cart will increase travel time / reduce topspeed-increased travel time lowers revenue for ALL trains on the line (slowest train counts)-increase travel time increases your upkeep costAlthough loading trains have their maintenance cost reduced, per line only a single train will wait in the station. The other trains will just queue up on the track, taking the full penalty and thereby making you loose millions. Trains send to depots still take upkeep.It also means that sending your train to the depot to add a single cart will have a return on investment of multiple years (because you loose revenue but costs keep ticking). Using the auto replace now feature isnt helpfull beause it will replace the complete vehicle including the expensive locomotive and other wagens (= throw away even more money).TLDR:Game has great potential but construction cost is too cheap, running cost are too high and the industry good system should be redesigned completely. Also where is the multiplayer (co-op)?"
76561198113133613,Recommended,446800,26529182,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,kingk0214,"What can I say?  Upon launch day and after what seemed like forever to download ( 5 min or so ) I launched the game, changed a few settings and hit start.  OMG it crashed.  I reported the problem and by the time I returned home the next day, there was a support post wiith links to fix the Issue.   Needles to say my game is working great and havn't looked back since.For newcommers that never played Train Fever and can't get the hang of TpF just go to you tube and search for Colonel Failure whom has some great game vids that will give you ideals of playing this game."
76561198021269544,Not Recommended,446800,26680526,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Markys,"Currently I cannot recomend this game; its not finished yet. This should be ""early access"", not a full release.There are numerous issues with the interface and ability to control your transport empire. The idea is sound, and when they get the base more solid it will be a great game. I wouldnt be complaining at all if they had worked on it for a few more months and ironed out all these bugs and issues, but it was clearly rushed out the door.If they fix all the isses (and their dumb ones too like things not working on certian screen resolutions, or cows cloging everything) then I'll happily change my recomendation, but as of right now, you put five or so hours into a game only to realize something broke and your playthough is no good.PS; you learn nothing in the turorial and all the usefull stuff that you want and need to arange transportation effeciently is hidden, and you have to exit the game and google to find out how to controll things."
,Not Recommended,446800,33873156,Posted: 28 July,all,OakenStorm,"Too much curvature. Too much slope.They should call it ""Transport Frustration""...It's especially frustrating that there's no planning mode for laying track. If you don't get it perfect the first time, you're just out of pocket (they'll even charge you to demolish your error and then to try to reshape the land back to something vaguely usable). Basically, unless you're building on perfectly flat terrain, you're gonna have a bad time.I'm sure with enough experience you eventually get to the point where you can judge it well enough that you don't go bankrupt trying to build a single railway. I've got no issues with steep learning curves (Paradox Grand Strategy ftw), but if the game is just irritating and no fun for the entirety of the learning period, then I'll play one that's better.It's a shame, I really want a nice transport builder with modern graphics. I guess I'll check back after the next big update. Not holding my breath though."
,Not Recommended,446800,26518485,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Primus,"This game is light-years behind mechanics when you compare it to OpenTTD, something I thought this would replace. AI pathing is horrendous and not dynamic at all. Tried to refund, but Steam's refund policy is even more broken than this game (played for 4 hours). Solid snake no from me."
76561197970587899,Recommended,446800,26605071,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kaiser Chopp,"The game is basically very good. Especially in hard mode it's very challenging and you need to constantly micro manage in order to ""survive"". In Normal mode you'll probbly struggle for the first 4 to 10 hours until you understand the basics, but then you'll be able to turn some nice profit which is quiet rewarding. But it all boils down to hard mode really. Only 0.2% of all the Transport Fever have managed to get the ""important"" achievements in that mode. Being one of them let me tell you that it's taken me quiet a while to do so and i experienced that challange as very unique, BUT there is one big flaw in my opinion.  Now this will be more of a Wake up call to the Creators than a Review. Sorry bout that but i dont really know where else to place this comment. When i connect very many resources and cities i totally loose control over what is happening and when why where and in which quantity my goods are beeing transported. Transporters start only picking up e.g. 3 of 300 possibly accessible goods of one kind in one spot and bringing them across the intire map while more of the same good is need elsewhere much closer. Also i experience a shortage of a good in one place while there is loads of that exact good just a stonethrow away and transporters are travelling form that one place straight to the other not picking up anything. CONCLUSION: GREAT GAME BUT! Either give us the possibilities to control what is beeing transported where in which amaount (if available) or dont take away that control from us and mess it all up.  If i have a farm and oil plus oil procession available in an area give me the chance to tell the ""plastic factory"" that i want it to use processed oil and oil only instead of sucking up all my crops while the population in town is not recevieng any food etc."
76561198006544251,Recommended,446800,26630014,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Centaur,"I played Train Fever before and I think that Transport Fever is a beautiful step forward. It is graphically very nice, the sound is great and the campaigns are interesting and challenging. It's not (technically) balanced yet and there are glitches but it has all ingredients to become a great game with plenty of possibilities for modifications from the community. The support is good."
76561197982071141,Recommended,446800,26548740,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HamadaLFC,"I'd like to start off by saying I didn't own Train Fever, let alone heard about it. I found out about Transport Fever on Youtube and it seemed pretty fun to me, so I bought it. My god ... this is one of the most fun games I've ever played. VERY EASY to learn and navigate. Of course watching the youtube videos help me get a grip of the basics, but its super fun to learn. My first ever game I started off in 1850 Germany. My first thought was ""wtf...? horse carriages?"" (as stated before I knew very little about the game haha) I actually started to like the idea of this whole thing and soon started connecting cities with rail and bringing some resources in. Long story short, it is now 1902, money is falling from the sky (I have around 50 million) and there ain't no stopping this transportation company!Very easy to learn, and super fun! Haven't experienced any glitches as of yet!10/10"
76561198039681113,Recommended,446800,29405923,Posted: 21 January,all,chrismcc007,A fantastic beginning in the next evolution from the old Transport Tycoon / Locomotion franchise.Pros:Graphics are fantastic.Plenty of potential with additional workshop vehicles and buildings added.Extraordinarily addictingCons:Terraform tool is a disaster and needs a complete rework and additions. Much too limiting.Game needs a faster mode yet
76561198039437257,Recommended,446800,26640717,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,General Mortars,"If you're into transport type games, this is one of them that's worth playing. Most of the good and bad have been reviewed by other people on here, but it needs to be made clear that for you to do well in this game, you need to have a good understanding of how the industries work and how to maximize profits. After going bankrupt a few times going all out setting up entire production chains fully loaded, I've managed to become a billionaire pretty easily and can now get a game going without needing extra loans (just takes some patience instead). In general, all lines must connect from the source of the good, to the city (or cities to expand production). It was pretty frustrating early on having my huge trains running empty not realizing that they don't simply fill up cause you built it, if it ain't going anywhere, it won't be made from the source.Secondly, timing is very important. Each type of transport has pros and cons and just cause you can doesn't mean you should. For example, sending cars across the map is probably a bad idea, etc. If your routes aren't clear, you're gonna need to fix it. (expand city streets, add bus lines, make sure boats aren't constantly slowing down to pass each other, etc.)Once you have a good understanding of how the game plays, I think it's a lot of fun, with a huge variety of random maps and sizes to start with. My computer runs this game on the highest settings fine but did have one crash expanding an airport terminal, but it hasn't had any other problems except that one time. NBD.There are a lot of interesting tricks and tips to make your lines more efficient, such as how you place your bus stops or truck stops, and how traffic flows through them, especially once you have large metropolis's and traffic becomes a real issue (with complete gridlock also a possibility).Overall, a fun game that you can sink hours upon hours into and definitely worth the money. Now that it's out and growing, would love to see some changes and modifications that would help make the game a bit more fun as well as easier to manage.PS, if it's available already and I just haven't figured out how to do it, then great. Hopefully I find the features soon.1. Ways to set settings for all lines of the same type. (e.g. once you're doing well, and have 30+ routes of different types, setting replacement vehicles one line at a time when a new vehicle comes out is a PITA, would be nice to apply all)2. Cargo planes: would be great to be able to start shipping stuff over air instead of solely passengers3. Fixes on some of the road/track placement issues, some don't allow connections if you try to connect from one side, but work fine going in the opposite direction. (e.g. when connecting two tracks, if you start on one end, it gives you errors, while if you start on the other side, it's happy and allows it)4. Optimizing track/road placement for cost: I don't mind creating 20 sections of road to keep costs down instead of doing it once at 10x the price, however, it results in some not so straight lines at times that slow down my trains considerably)5. There is a bit of a strange situation that comes up when you put a truck depot in between a farm and a dock where it doesn't properly move the items to the dock passively. I've had to build two truck depots fairly close together and the farm produces to one, and is trucked over to the dock's truck depot instead of just moving it by itself.6. Directions of boats  in docks - This is a bit of an annoyance as boats are already slow, but the docks only face one direction, and if you're on the wrong side, boats have to go past it, do a U-turn and then dock.7. Some issues with upgrading roads/tracks where small bits and pieces won't allow upgrades, thus leaving a train line unable to use electric trains since there's that little gap.8. Now that I've played through it a few times, would definitely love to see an update with new planes/cars/trucks, the trains have a good variety, but having 3 plane options for the end game is kinda sad.All in all, these are just improvements to an already great game. If you're having trouble with it, take some time to learn about how the game works, what the limits/potential mean and how you can deliver to lines and plan routes better. Being too hard doesn't mean it deserves a bad score.Now if only there was a way to download all the workshop items as a bundle..."
76561198021543719,Recommended,446800,26513011,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Evilhobo,seems a fantastic game getting used to it awesome takes awhile to master it
,Recommended,446800,26516874,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Seklas,"""Transport Fever"" is already a second game in the franchise and It's hard to comment the game without comparing it to ""Train Fever"", which is what I'm going to do.Vehicles:This time we have more vehicles to choose from. If you're coming from Train Fever, then you'll notice that models are improved and the choice we get is a bit wider (if talking about cars, trams and trains) The last new vehicle available is a train in the early 2000s. The brand-new types of vehicles (Ships and Airplanes) are somewhat dull. There is not much point using them in game (at least I wasn't a bit fan of them). It's simply because - Ships are too slow on anything (gets on my nerves quickly), but Airplanes even though quick compared to other transport methods, but are too costly, the number or passenger seats is too small and Airports are literary massive (If you're playing on Medium or Hilly maps, it's almost impossible to build it). TERRAIN tool is not helpful either, because the largest brush is extremely small - takes ages to do any noticeable changes.Maps:Just like in the last game, maps are computer generated, so it's different every time, unless you're using the same seed. Maps are comfortably big, not sure if they're any different from the last game (probably the same maximum size), but this time, we can just a format of the map from - 1:1 ; 1:2 ; 1:3, basically it gets from square to rectangular.Also, the choice of Flat, Medium and Hilly maps is present and works just the same way. Flat - is too simple, Medium - too hilly and Hilly - the kingdom of tunnels.In-Game Prices:Things are expensive in this game, extremely expensive. Even playing on Medium difficulty, it gets hard to keep a positive balance in the bank. But that's only for the first 50 years (if you're playing from 1850s). The good thing is that the profit from any line comes a lot quicker than in the last game. This time, even the train between two cities being next to each other are extremely profitable, so there is no need to build those long tracks from one side of the map to another to get a positive profit. Tunnels and bridges in early game are impossible to build due to costs. Even a simple road, a shortcut from one factory to another will be too expensive to build, so it's best to wait for the later game. Do you remember that every vehicle had to be replaced with a new one every 15-50 years? It was easy and quite cheap to do in Train Fever, but not here. Not anymore. There was a time in the game, when I had over $40 Mil. in my bank account, but after upgrading every single bus and truck to a newer model - I was left with 100k in my bank account. Yes, it's extremely expensive to buy anything in this game.Performance:It's better than the last game. It doesn't have those constant frame losses early in the game. The game does not freeze-up at the end of every month, but this time only once a year, on the 1st of January. Cities in game are a lot bigger, have more cars, buildings, people (it's quite easy to get a city with a population of over 3000). However, building long train tracks/bridges at once is just as laggy as ever. Later in the game, when the population and cities around are expanding really quickly, game starts lagging as well. Currently I'm in the year 2037 (or something like that) and the FPS probably drops to 20 quite often, maybe even lower. So, at the end of the day If you've ever played Train Fever, expect it to perform just the same way as the last game did, however instead of cities with 700 people, you'll have over 2000-3000.P.S. I am running a six-core i7 CPU O.C. at 3.8GHz, GTX 1080 on 3440x1440, just in case you want to check with your system.NOTICE: There is a possibility that the game will be updated to run better, so don't write it off from your lists just yet.Overall:I definitely recommend the game if you have played Train Fever before and you liked it (or at least if you like this type of games). Transport Fever brings a lot of improvements to the franchise. Especially those vital changes to easily upgrade stations, build roads and tracks as quickly and stress-free as never before. It's more difficult to play the game at the beginning, which is always good."
76561198047096251,Not Recommended,446800,26516134,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DrRaven,Performance is horrible started off good and when i built up a bit about 5hrs into a game  just keeps freezing i dropped all the graphics down to min settings but didnt help :(
76561198165834579,Recommended,446800,28520143,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TheRedBar0n,Best Game I have ever played.  EVER!!!!
76561198140559524,Recommended,446800,26702481,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,zhounanping_scal,WE NEED CHINESE THANKS
,Recommended,446800,26524906,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,micleg,"I always wanted to like TRain Fever but the controls were to messy and the game was too hard. Transport Fever seems hard too, but much better when it comes to GUI controls and all the models look very nice! Looking forward to play this game more in the coming months. Will update this review as time goes by but right now I can at least say that my GTX 970/ i7 computer with Windows 10 64 bit has not encountered one single crash in the game."
76561198010293664,Recommended,446800,26617703,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Goodfatben,Very good game.Better if have multiplayer!
76561197963173519,Recommended,446800,27731844,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Glick36,fun
,Recommended,446800,27762564,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sashuage,"Really great game, exactly like OpenTTD. Just fix the optimization issues and it'll probably be my GOTY."
76561197995208267,Recommended,446800,26614110,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,drextown,Great game now- will be even better game shortly I'm sure. Shows the depth and visual appeal I've been looking for in a sim.
,Recommended,446800,26529370,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,The Ghost of Ronald Reagan,"This game is for lovers of open TTD, Chris Swayer's Locomotion, Sid Meier's Railroads, or Railroad Tycoon 3. A pach has come out fixing many of bugs and the Devs seem to be very keen on listening to the community to further develop the game in the future."
76561198104389417,Recommended,446800,26706741,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,HelloA,"It is a ""good"" game.I would not highly recommend it, but if you are interested in transportation company simulation, I guess you should try it out. Something in this game keeps it from making the game ""excellent"". The economy is OK, the city growth is OK, the depth is OK, and almost everything in this game is OK.If you are looking for realistic, and advanced train company simulation, I would recommend getting A-Train V.4.I would give this game 6/10"
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,446800,26508712,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Alien 480,NOV8: the game wont start through steam WTF! like i click play and it loads and nothing happens. FIX THIS NOW!!!edit:NOV20: NOPE ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME THIS GAME!! ITS A TON OF IMPROVEMENTS OVER TRAIN FEVER BUT ♥♥♥♥ING FALLS APART WHEN YOU ARE FORCED TO USE ANYTHING BESIDES TRAINS AND CARS LIKE IN TRAIN FEVER. BOATS ARE TOO SLOW TOO BE EFFECTIVE AND PLANES CANT CARRY ANY PEOPLE TO KEEP UP WITH THEIR MAINTAINENCE SO THEYRE USELESS AS WELL FIX THIS NOW!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198137318114,Not Recommended,446800,26496258,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mad_Dog AKA Andys,What a load of crap ........ my game dose not even load at all get's to the main screen and then crashes every time ....... Waste of time ..........
,Not Recommended,446800,26510557,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Old Jew Glasses,Even if you manage to be lucky enough to get a transport line profitable you then have to pray to god that soemthing doesn't go wrong with the signalling and a train gets stuck..... because if it does..... thats probably game over. The running costs are so much that there is no room for error so things go south very quickly.Iv tried my best to like this game but it can't compete with the likes of Railroad Tycoon 3 which is the king of this genre for many reasons. If you like advanced routing and signals then get Transport Tycoon as with that it at least works.
,Recommended,446800,26503889,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,raith017,"Fun game, i'll need to find time to play it more, that patch works wonders, it least for me.----- Old review past this point, only here for historical value -----If it wern't for the constant crashing and loooooong load times, I'd love this game.Shame those two things make it nearly unplayable."
76561198152424014,Recommended,446800,27789018,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,usafa_mockingbird,Really awesome! It's the best sim game ever!
76561198136119495,Recommended,446800,28739796,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Menace23,"I love this game it's extremely addicting, but very frustrating because of some bugs and laying down train track and making sure your train lines are going the right direction at all times can get annoying. The game can get pretty laggy, but i'm pretty sure if fix those problems this game would be even better, but other than that this game is extremely fun! wish there were more mods and bridge mods like draw bridges for example or have the brooklyn bridge or Golden gate, a snow map would be cool as well."
76561198032905382,Recommended,446800,26589745,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,nickbrad82,"A great successor to Train Fever.Like many others, I owned train fever with it's flaws and loved the game despite these, so when I heard a second game was inbound with pretty much all my complaints about the first one fixed, plus extra modes of transport, I was very excited.With videos appearing online 11 days before general release, the final wait was almost unbearable, but boy was it worth it. I learned so much about the updated gameplay from those videos and when I finally downloaded the game, I knew how to adjust and get the most from Transport Fever.There have been many negative comments centering around how the game is supposedly little more than dlc and that it is still broken, (mostly from people who do not understand how the cargo system works and refuse to read or listen to our explanations to try and assist them,) but I say that is all hogwash and I'm very happy with my purchase.I haven't got the most powerful of systems, running an AMD APU without separate graphics card and have had zero issues with running the game, those that have, typically have had other programs running that have interfered with the game, rather than it being an issue with the game itself.In summary, if you want a businees centred game like RRT, then this isn't really for you, if you want a complex system of setting up logistics for your cities, managing both the routes and vehicles, then step on in. I play this every chance I have and I cannot give a more positive recommendation than that."
76561197997161016,Recommended,446800,26518884,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Oscilio,"It is a big step up from Train Fever, the graphics are nice and the game feels like it has alot more depth to it than the first one, however some flaws have been inherited from TF, my main issue is the game speed it is far to fast and needs to be slowed down drastically. I like the addition of ships and aircraft. The mod community will hellp the game alot when they start churning out new vehicles and hopefully longer industry chains. I still think there is work to be done but overall it is an improvment over Train fever by a long way."
,Recommended,446800,26519023,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Scruffy,"So Lets Get One Thing Straight About This Game:TL;DR at BottomThere is nothing wrong with it as i speak with the ""Gameplay"" and the ""Economy"".  ive not had 1 crash, not found 1 bug or anything wrong with this at all. the game runs like a dream for me and thats just lucky for me.but when people are complaining about the economy and gameplay being broken? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.  it works fine and exactly how it is supposed to. if something is not working the biggest reason for it is that you are doing it wrong. this isnt no childish braindead game. this game takes a bit of skill to work and when you learn how it pays of big time.Now lets get on to some of those Pro's and Con's shall we:Pros:-Great looking game-Keeps you occupied for hours-very indepth and tactical-decent framerate (better with money + - pop ups off)-Constant Changing Cities keep you on your toes-Cities gridlock if you dont distribute truck directions into citiesCons:**Graphic Wise**-Occasional Stutters-Aircraft Turbines Dont spin-Trucks turn without even turning their wheels-people look ♥♥♥♥ing creepy close up**Performance Wise**- game occasionally flutters in Frame rates especially during higher traffic regions- (apparently) some hardware issues with some people, ♥♥♥♥♥♥tonnes of help in discussion)**Game Wise**- People dont like to use airports anywhere near as much as they should- Cant control the exact route of trucks on roads (usually ends up with them funneling into 1 road and gridlocking)- colour control occasionally resets itself and have to go back and change it againScore:game: 7/10performance: 5/10Graphics:6/10Overall an amazing game with real potential!TL:DR:- to many people whinging about the game being broken when really dont know how to play.- some people are having hardware issues- some graphic animations are slacked of abit. jet turbines, truck wheels ect.- despite the critical analysis the game is superb and definantly worth the buy"
76561197970383322,Recommended,446800,26511719,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jasonw,"Long time Train Fever player here.This is a nice improvement over Train Fever.  While it has its quirks, I quite like it and I'm sure I'll get a ton of play time."
76561197964877303,Recommended,446800,26537560,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LuC4Sh,"I like this game, I never played train fever etc, and yes it is a challenging game.i'm  12hrs into the game i think +/- and i'm at campaign map #2 :)it is hard to fullfill some of the campaign requests , i think i restarted this map alone 5 times already because i'm broke to fast. (big spender)The free mode i opened once and was to overwhelmed so im gonna try this at a later stage .I recommand the tutorial and campaign  for anyone unexperienced from the start, because there is a lot to learn.Price is okayOf cause there is A LOT of space for improvement, some stuff i dont know if it is a bug or if it is just badly programmed, but nothing gamebreaking, but anyone who likes games of this sort, and has a little money lying around I dont think you will make a bad choice.some stuff i miss:- u can do a lot wrong, and there is not much ingame help for noobs in the early lvls. (safe your game ALL THE TIME )- no undo function after a building/road  is placed etc (demolishing also costs money, double loss)- to much learning by doing, a little more infos like how much wagons a loc can pull etc ( i know it changes with load and how the track is done, but an approx value  would have been awsome , cause changing your train and trying costs a lot of time ingame which makes your finances go down quickly.)Thats all i have to complain about for now;)"
76561198038622566,Recommended,446800,26644650,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,imajor,"Finally after Train Fever a worthy successor of Transport Tycoon.Pros (compared to train fever):- NO 20 MINUTE RULE! I can finally build big long train networks (what is it?http://www.train-fever.com/forums/topic/what-is-the-20minutes-rule/)- much more interesting production chainsCons:- performance (hopefully this will get better with upcoming patches)There are much more differences of course, but these are the important ones for me."
76561198124690229,Recommended,446800,26510940,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,FMcCock,not bad
,Recommended,446800,26538881,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,aswitz87,"Too many people expect to undersdtand the nuances of the economy without any effort.  To that I say, go try to play SIM Isle (good luck funding a PC that can still run it though... or finding a copy for that matter).Maybe my experience of the 90s and early 2000s SIM games made this easier than average.  I don't know.  This was my first game by Urban Games and after about 10 minutes I figured out how to set up a basic supply line and make a meager profit.  Still haven't figured out the signal system perfectly, but I'm getting there (as of a couple hours in).So my review.Overall is the game worth it?  If you like resourse management type fo games and enjoy simulations, my overall opinion is yes.  If you don't then possibly not.Positives:- The models are really nice.  Visuals in general are clear enough to know what is what and the detail level is high enough that zoomed in you can see the little things.- The Capaign starts off well with a nice mix of hand holding and independence (first missions only so far).- The variety of vehicles is pretty awesome.  Even the first few decades you have some options, and in any given era going either cheep or expensive has advantages.  Further each method of transport (air, rail, water, roads) has use and some will be mroe economic than others in a given situation.- This may be a negative for some folks, but I enjoy the need for trial and error to figure out the most effective transport in an area.- Plenty of information feedback when placing objects and tracks.  It may take a bit to realize what all the numbers mean, but there is enough to make betetr decisions.Neutrals (may be negatives for some):- The background music gets old very fast.  After about 10 minutes I just muted in game music and openned an internet radio.  Not a big deal though, as I eventually end up doing that in most simulation games.- The UI is very clicky.  Everything you select has a seperate window that you have to close (though a few are linked and close all at once).  I'm not bothered by this but for some folks this may be a turn off.Negatives:- At this time, the free play seems to only have randomish maps, which can lead to some reloading before you get a map that has things close enough to set up a line with you starting funds.  Haven't yet looked into adding custom maps though.  Quite probably will solve the issue.- No ""manual"".  In game at least, there is no comprehensive manual explaining bits and features.  The tutorial covers the basics and is good for what it does.  I also can forgive this lack of a manual.  Some folks may not be able to.Obviously I haven't played enough to experience everthing the game has to offer.  But I can see myself playing it for years if WWIII doesn't interrupt."
76561198118514134,Recommended,446800,29527507,Posted: 27 January,all,Scoobydoo,"I am a fanatic on creating things , and if it is just not right I now I can delete what I created.  When I was young I would sit on my Grandfathers car at the city train station and count the cars that went by.  The game is good , and I have been playing it for hours.  Have gone through the time and hours for the first part. Now learning to set my own land."
,Recommended,446800,26535038,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Restex,"Great game, i'd love it if you could speed up time even more.I guess it wouldn't hurt if the tutorial was better, some ppl complain about the game mechanics cause they don't get em, as soon as you get them, everything works out just fine - never had production problems or anything - only if you don't do it right ;)The Campaign in pretty, pretty good - the only thing i haven't learned till now is how to increase the willingness of ppl to travel, thats why i'm stuck in the european campaign-mission :'(Free game isn't that easy, sometimes the seeds appear to be just too random.Nevertheless, i'd recommend this game!"
76561198007371901,Recommended,446800,26540899,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Locke4,"If you enjoyed Train fever, you'll love this. It's like Train fever but with less (some new, some old returning) bugs and a load of new features. If you haven't played train fever, but have played Transport Tycoon, you'll probably get along well with this game if you can get past the early release bugs. If you didn't enjoy Train fever, you'll hate this.Campaigns are great fun, voice acting is even passable! Missions are much easier than freeplay as you usually unlimited demand for a resource (Like building the alpine tunnel, the construction site always produces stone as fast as you can haul it away to the stone dump). Freeplay is where it gets fun, mainlines can be split so easily compared to train fever, looks alot more fluid. Cargo is alot easier to make money with long, infrequent trains as opposed to train fever where the frequency of trains had to be very high considering the throughput involved. Double heading trains is also usually a better solution than running two seperate trains, as you can run single track for pretty much all industries up until the speed ramps up and you can move cargo across the map (Yes you can profitably move fuel from one refinery to pretty much any city on the large map in the late game).Boats are a gimmick if I'm honest, I found them to be massive money sinks that rarely pay off as you have to get the perfect river conditions for them to be worth it. They also tend to get stuck on bridges and the corners of the harbours meaning they'll stop until you find them and manually turn them around.All in all, this game is essentially train fever 1.5, but for 25% off I pre-ordered as it's cheaper than alot of expansion packs!"
,Recommended,446800,26540330,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kexster,"As someone who has 100+ hours in Train Fever, I got to say this game is a huge improvement and I am really enjoying it. The game 'plays' the same but the new cargo mechanics definately add a new challenge and make trains much more profitable early on. With the steam workshop support I can see myself investing quite a few hours into this game.Definately recommend for anyone who likes tycoon style games and even city building in general.9/10"
76561198133934922,Recommended,446800,26541000,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tuisutops,"Transport Fever is just the game I was waiting for since Transport Tycoon went, well obsolete. Awesome simulation, very nice AI for good routes, everything is working smoothly and looks really nice.Yes, this game is maybe not for kids. There is a learning curve and its a game where you take a bit of time off and think about your investments, instead of randomly just building stuff and still creating a virtual profit.Im in my mid thirties and i really find this an absolute blast. Lost a whole night yesterday, pondering how to get goods distributed and a plastic industry running. Simply put - I like the ""not killing but building stuff"" genre a lot. Its good relaxation after a day of work and evening with kids.In conclusion. If you still remember Transport Tycoon, if you do enjoy titles like Cityes Skylines, Simcity series, Banished, etc - its for you. If you seeks simple klick and profit and do not know what is a tape recorder, stick to your own, but also please keep the negativity to your self. Game too hard? Maybe your simply not used to thinking.For me its a 10/10."
,Recommended,446800,26537180,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nelloz,1. Start new game2. Make a few lines3. Be Billionaire after a few month10/10 would get billionaire again
76561198084294175,Recommended,446800,27597774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,evan,"Your doing great in the game. Have 1.1 million. Then the running costs come in and you rage quit. Transport fever is a game where you start and plan to finish your world. But along the way you face many many problems like going in debt or just not begin sucssesful. If you like games where you make your world your own and make money that this is the game for you.This game at least for me is very addictive.Also the cool part is that you can leave the game runnuning while you do something else like go out or something. I would recommend this if you like economics, money, or planes trains and automobiles. This game is very good and is worth every penny."
,Recommended,446800,28043048,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,special_snowcat,"This game has some problems, but it feels like a nice upgrade coming from other older transport sims. I would recommend it to fans of the genre.If you played Train Fever, then this game probably addresses many of the gripes you had. If you played OpenTTD or other games in that family, Transport Fever is obviously much more modern, and in addition to nice looking 3D trains and smooth tracks, also implements a more realistic economy where you're really only a transport company, and not also the administration of a planned economy a la USSR. If you've played CIM, this game is harder to compare, but maybe you wanted to focus more on transport *between* cities, and less on stuff that goes on within one city, and Transport Fever does that and adds that market economy.But that economy is also one of the problems, not because of the way in which in works but simply because it's much less transparent if you're not making the decisions but instead have to find out why the industries in your game are acting as they are. Where some other games challenge you to produce in an efficient manner, Transport Fever instead challenges you to continuously adapt your transport network to the needs of the people and companies that exist in your game. In some ways, the game fails at making this process accessible enough, in particular, there are very few tools that help with understanding why and how goods and people move. For example, every single unit or person on your train is individually simulated but you can't click on the train and see where everything is going. You can track that information down, but you're pretty much on your own.Overall, I do prefer this kind of economy to one where I'm also in control of production. Initially, you do have *some* control, because building a connection between two points will encourage others to use them. So you're still hooking up coal mines to steel plants and then you ship the steel elsewhere. But the longer the game goes on, the more complex this becomes. And of course, if you hook up another mine or plant, in this game you have to consider that it's not a given that it can actually compete with the others or that there's enough demand for its products.People are also simulated in some detail. Each person has a home and a place to work, as well as a place to shop. You can create connections that will encourage them to work or shop in a different town (especially if that town as more jobs or commerce because you connected it to more industries), but they might simply use their own car and drive there if your train is not atractive enough (once they get cars in the 1900s). People have preferences for cheap or fast travel, and they have to walk to and from bus stops or station, and if your network doesn't make that easy then they will simply not use it. You're not just picking them up at a place that produces people and then delivering them at a place that consumes people, like in certain others games. In Transport Fever, you have to watch them (you can literally follow individual people around and see where they go and how they get there), and adapt your network to what they do.Depending on how well you do at all this, cities also grow. Provide them with items needed by industry, and more industry will come and provide jobs in return. The same applies to commerce. And if the people who live in your cities feel well connected and get to the places where they want to go, then the city will attract more people. And those new people *will* build their houses right in front of your shiny new train station, and block all its rails save one just to mess with you.As the cities grow and the game progresses in general, you will encounter another problem though. In the later stages, this game is really heavy on the CPU and you will probably notice a significant drop in fps compared to when you just started out. I'm playing games on a laptop, so I'm fine with 20-30 fps when I watch a late game city and there's a bunch of windows open that follow various trains around and so on. But the thing is, if you're playing this on a powerful gaming desktop you're going to see the same kind of slowdown.At this point you might also be wondering about the longevity of this game. Firstly, I didn't even mention the campaign yet. In addition to a very short tutorial, there also are two campaigns with seven missions each. Those provide a nice amount of play time and even do offer some replayability by way of medals you can obtain once you know how to solve some of the tasks more efficiently. Secondly, in sandbox games there are a bunch of options available to customize your game (map size and difficulty are a given -and hard ddificulty is actually hard-, but also what year you start in, which vehicle sets you want, etc.), and once you run out of those, the game is also somewhat moddable and supports Steam workshop. On the other hand, this is one of those games that you don't win. I feel like I should make that clear too. If you don't like sandboxy games that eventually just fizzle out, this game is a little like that, too. There are some achievements, and you can challenge yourself to create an optimal transport network by the early 2000s (when you stop unlocking new stuff), or under some kind of constraints (e.g. don't use trains, or only use trains), and so on. But in general, games tend to fizzle out once you're happy with what you've built and there's not much left to do on a map.Moddability kind of is a problem of this game too though. It's an advertised feature, but when you get to the bottom of it, it's very limited in what you can mod. For example, it's very easy to add more trains and there's a lot of flexibility there. If it looks like a train IRL, someone skilled enough can probably make a realistic mod that adds it to the game. You can also mod most aspects of the industry, for example, you can introduce more factory types that produce new goods. And because buildings and vehicles are implemented as lua scripts that return the data the defines them, including the ones that ship with the game, it's also possible to change the existing ones. But beyond adding content, there is not much mods can do. There's almost no API for a mod to interact with the game engine while the game is running, e.g. mods can't change how traffic works, or how trains find their paths, and so on. The mod API has some basic functionality that the campaign needs, but basically nothing that goes beyond that. For example, most of the campaign missions have several conditional tasks, and accordingly, it's easy for a mod to find out what vehicles are in play and what lines the player has set up and whether there is a path between two points on the map. But simple things like changing a vehicle's color? Nope, read-only. Taking control of a vehicle as a mod? Nope. Modify or add lines? Nope. And of course, there is basically no documentation at all.All this said, as you can probably tell from my hours played, I do think this game is worth the price they're asking. If you enjoy transport simulations and/or model trains, you might like this game despite its flaws. Even if you're on this page because you like city builders and this game looks familiar, you might enjoy focusing on the transport aspect while letting cities build themselves (you can still build roads and they will build their houses on them...)"
,Recommended,446800,26547268,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,davevc1,"TRANSPORT FEVER------------------------------------------Transport Fever is a great successor of Train Fever.I've been playing Train Fever for ages now, so I was really excited for this new installment.Transport Fever is great, you will have a lot of variety. I downloaded it right away because I wanted to check out the new UI and start creating beautiful airports and connect them all. (This is now possible with Transport Fever).I can't understand why people are rating down this masterpiece! Agreed, there are a lot of bugs right now but I'm sure the devs are really trying to fix these problems. (HINT: Check the forum if you got any problems with start-up or with black textures, I can assure you those tips will help you out. So stop rating down, I want to see game updates coming our way. Which won't be possible when rating down the game, new customers will have their doubts when seeing the 'Mixed Rating. (Still better than No Man's Sky though).REVIEW------------------------------------------PROOverall I would give this game a 8,5/10.- Great variety of trains, trams, busses, planes, boats and trucks.- Some legacy products included as well. (TGV, Airbus, Boeing)- Graphics and textures are great. (Way more vivid than they used to be in Train Fever).- Updated stations. (Terminal stations are now included as well. (a station can fit 8 tracks now instead of 5).- Better trackage of the trams. (They will automatically route theirselves so they won't stick to each other all the time).- Bigger tram station. (Needless to say you can build bigger city networks now).- New U(ser)I(nterface). (Finding things are way more logical than they used to be in Train Fever) For existing players: At first you will need to get used to this new UI, but after a few minutes you're good to go!CONTRAAlthough I love the game, there are some changes that are irritating me A LOT.- Buildings don't snap automatically to roads anymore, meaning you will have to rotate the buildings yourself now. But you can almost never align them with streets or tracks. Especially for those who have OCD, this will make you go in meltdown real fast.- Some trains from Train Fever have been removed. (For those who prefer trains more than planes, this will become a problem for you. But you get a Boeing 737-757 and an Airbus A320 instead. The game engine is not infinite, otherwise you would need to have a supercomputer. (Give and take).- Bad support on Intel Graphics. (Just mentioning, this can be fixed with the patch released on 10/11 or by updating your system).- Black tiles in-game, I really do mind because this messes with the beautiful landscape of the map. (I'm sure the devs will fix this as well, so don't let that back you away)!I want to thank Urban Games for this new installment. Please continue to deliver the best-of-the-best as I'm (and almost everyone) are pleased with this update.If you want to have more information about this game, don't hesitate to contact me through IM.Have a nice day y'all!Greetings from Belgium, EU."
,Recommended,446800,26553143,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,"If you bought and enjoyed Train Fever from a couple of years back, this is basically that with a bit more polish and eyecandy, and most significantly the addition of planes and ships. This time around there's also a couple of historical scenario campaigns, based on North America and Europe apiece. It's even fully narrated, although the narrator seems more serious than the dude from PopTop's Railroad Tycoon sequels.As such, there's still some of the quirks with building bridges and that, but generally if you're looking for a modern take on the Transport Tycoon/Giant, it's a solid entrant in that genre. Perhaps with less of the crazy signalling stuff you can do in OpenTTD, for instance, plus there's no MP (or even AI opponents) as far as I know.Oh, and you will probably need a reasonably grunty system - if you're one to keep your graphics card up-to-date, it's great, but your mileage may vary. For laying down tracks and setting up routes and just chilling as your transport empire grows, it's very good, although some people may feel it needs a bit more detail."
76561197979530057,Recommended,446800,26558787,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pilot37,So far I've played huge map on US with the biggest hills possible on Medium difficulty and 4x slower mod.Really excellent. I never got into Train Fever yet Transport Fever has me hooked. V atmospheric trundling amongst the big scenery and economically addictive. 10/10
,Not Recommended,446800,28319280,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr. Pootin,"So promising, yet so flawed. At first I thought this would be Transport Tycoon with 3d graphics and better. Alas this is a poor imitation insofar as complex track layouts that were the greatest fun in TTD are not possible at all (no interchange, no T-junctions etc.)"
,Recommended,446800,26488497,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Bandyman,"Its a great game!You can tell what the devs have worked so hard on and the improvements from their last game ""Train Fever"", the best thing to me about this game is the inclusion of ships and planes though there are some negatives tied with that, but ile get back to that.Currently the game stands quite firmly on its own with the devs throwing patches and communicating the the community which is a big plus, already several major bugs have been dealt with and more are likely to follow, hopefully soon we will see more DLC coming to this, free or not I can see it being worth it.The game is very pretty, fits its style very well and the campaign maps make great use of that as well as acting as a sort of tutorial they are a good stepping stone but the meat and bones of this game is Freeplay.I still feel the maps are a bit small and would like to see at least double the size that are currently there which brings me back to the ships and planes, as the map isnt as big as i feel it needs to be the planes feel a bit weird to use when you could use a high speed train and as for ships the maps dont seed maps with enougth water, they tend to be small rivers or lakes which is why a bigger map and perhaps forcing players to use ships or planes for some things would be nice.So do i recomend this game?Hells yes, If your a fan of Transport Tycoon you will like this game, be warned though that the game works comepltely different to it and you should read up on the various guides to help you out, that or start off doing passangers as no one can go wrong with that! :DEnjoy!"
76561197970392575,Recommended,446800,26599099,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Andersson,"This is a really great game once you get past the pretty steep learning curve. I was fairly unimpressed for the first few hours of gameplay (in freeplay mode), but once it all 'clicked' I was totally hooked. If you like transport games like Transport Tycoon, this game is a no-brainer to get!"
,Recommended,446800,28802346,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Killer_Pineapple,Fix Black Textures and the lag!!!!!Other than that and other bugs i would play more.
,Not Recommended,446800,26515701,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ImmortalCookie,same old Train Fever ..... nothing new ... still no improvement ... **REFUNDED**
76561198007251124,Recommended,446800,26585852,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,rj_uk,"Decent enough game if you like planning, but it lacks depth to make it a good ""game"", it lacks managemnt and balance, you just connect A>B B>C C>D and everything works.The game is not difficult and becomes tedoius after a while. There is little challenge. There is no AI, multiplayer, restrictions or ""events"" to  disrupt and make you rethink your strategy.This game has potential if some gameplay mechanics (as outlined above) can be introduced. eg. If passengers get annoyed at waiting, rivers flood, certain raw materials are difficult to obtain (eg iron is only in mountains). I do hope the Modding coummiunity get behind this game, because as it stands now, it is not quite worth the price tag."
,Recommended,446800,26588325,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lesbian Seagull,Only 7.5hrs in so far but i'm loving it.
76561198048329882,Recommended,446800,26583168,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,delwyn.a4,"i think this game could be given a few more options in the free play setup , like number of cities which some can be higher pop to others and also a land to water ratio selection ,  some maps of real countries would be nice with ocean trading , starting cash should also be raised  at start as i find 3 million inadquate"
76561198125554658,Not Recommended,446800,31020077,Posted: 8 April,all,Chip Skylark,"Factory connections are terrible to get going. The rest of the game is decent, but the bugginess of the factories on complex chains is truly game chilling."
,Recommended,446800,31447626,Posted: 29 April,all,vebjornzen,"This game is fun and exciting. It lets you build your own transport empire. Usually, you start off in the 1850s but you can modify the start year, as well as difficulty, terrain (flat, medium, hill), and you can choose wherever to start in Europe or the US. The game also offers many achivements."
76561198026497120,Not Recommended,446800,29045203,Posted: 5 January,all,steveryland,Mindless train drivers that won't use other line and instead sit staring at each other coming out of station despite point system and 2 lines between 2 stations for use of only 2 trains. Not to mention Multiple places where they could change line.. shouldnt be to hard to do you would think?
76561198330575266,Recommended,446800,28856675,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,KyleK1101,I enjoy this game more than any other game I've tried in the same genre.  I look forward to anything else from these developers that may come in the future.  I own Train Fever too and haven't been back to it since Transport Fever has been released.  Love the added Air travel and the shipping travel and transport.
,Recommended,446800,26601737,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,emineo4j,Awesome game but too many random crashes. Hoping the to get the bugfix updated ASAP.
76561198020017427,Recommended,446800,26593010,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Smooth516,"This Game is pretty great. There are some quirks to it, but nothing game breaking in my opinion. It looks fantastic, and the various campaigns missions can be pretty challenging. Rather than just being a sandbox only mode tycoon game, the introduction of campaign missions adds some interesting limitations and problem solving situations. Seriously give it a try read some stuff on the internet about how demand in the game works and you'll be making millions in no time."
,Recommended,446800,26762996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PilotNL,"With over 700 hours of gameplay, for me this game has been the best value for money game ever. (< $0.04/hour).Although the devs have setup a brilliant game, which runs great on its own and is worth many hours of entertainment, A big applause must go to the community. Have a look at the worksop and you'll find hundreds of add-ons so that you can have a new experience every time you pick a new map.Personally I don't like the tutorials, instead I suggest to start with an easy open game in 1900 to learn the game mechanics.Once you think you get the hang of it, start a hard game on a large hilly map and start in 1850 for a serious challenge.Start up tips:1) If you click on a station you'll see its catchment area. to increase the catchment area you can upgrade a train station with more platforms, but in the start it is easier to add a bus line in each village to increase the catchment area of the train station.2) Freight makes more money than passengers, but you have to make a complete link from the raw materials to the end consumer. Then it becomes a challenge to find a balance between the demand and supply.3) Freight trains and wagons can pickup and drop freight at freight stations, but can also drop off freight at passengers stations and bus stops. very handy for the delivery of goods to the end consumers!So, if you enjoy a bit of a tycoon game, and enjoy watching pretty trains and other vehicles, this game is for you. Graphics are fantastic, sounds are fantastic. Price is worth every penny.Chapeux to the developpers!"
76561197978519385,Not Recommended,446800,28518973,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pathogen,"I couldn't believe the negative reviews for such a cool looking game....  After 20 hours, I should have believed the reviews.  Very tedious, constant rebalancing, inflation pushing you into bankruptcy or if you're lucky; teetering around $0.  Did I mention the tedium?Close, but too much micro-management."
76561197990047960,Recommended,446800,29247839,Posted: 14 January,all,vivas,"This game is amazingly enjoyable and all the models look so good....it'is a thrill to ""hop on a train"" and take a ride through all your developed city's and landscapes. Ofcourse there are still some issues but the work is in progress. I recommend this gam to everyone who loves the transport/train simulation genre."
,Recommended,446800,33038356,Posted: 30 June,all,Azzally,Endless hours of fun and the mods help this game allot.
,Recommended,446800,26488328,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,JERry,"Huh there's a concorde in this game...How am I supposed to use it?The concorde has a speed of 2,900The map's not even larger than Rhode Island(sorry, Rhode Island)How am I supposed to use the concorde with such a small map?"
,Recommended,446800,26498139,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ranger_08,i have just played one hour......For me Everything is fine and game is running very smoothly without any bugs..i didnt noticed any lags till now and it is ten times better than the train fever..graphics are really awesome and the cockpit view was incredible......i recommend you to purchase this game.....
76561198033377010,Recommended,446800,26498670,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[FITL] shipboyss,"Been playing the game non-stop for about 5 hours now on a single free-play map, no issues whatsoever, just little things like the music skipping every now and again, but honestly, I see that the game itself is fine. It has not crashed, or given any signs of trying hard to maintain a framerate, and my gaming rig is not near what the recommended specs are, but it is still well above the minimum.Don't get upset when your old as dirt computer, or your gaming rig that you haven't updated in 5 years can't run todays games.Don't hold us down by complaining that the devs need to learn how to construct games. I assure you, they know more than you do, and they've worked very hard to make the game, as complex as it is, run as well as it does.Get a new computer, or keep quiet."
76561198021822682,Not Recommended,446800,26500013,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Stealthy,"Edit after 48 hours in:Still can't recommend and quite deeply disappointed now after reaching the later game.1) Industries are behaving strangely. You are supposed to use long trains as the production can be up to at least 6400 units per year and when you best wagon carries 18 units, you see there is lot of wagon loads there. However, if the input buffers run empty, production ramps down very quickly. And when that happens, demand (industry is demand driven) at your raw material source goes down and it also starts reducing output. Net effect is that these 2 feed each others until your production hits 0 and you start again.2) When a production plant, let's say for example tool factory upgrades, it resets the supply chain. So steel mill will gradually go to 0 and remain 0 until the end of that month. Naturally this damages your coal and iron supply and you are screwed.3) One artic/semi trailer truck costs 305k and upkeep for a year is 54k. One train wagon costs 1.1 million (or was it 1.3) and costs 200k upkeep per year and carries only 18 units when truck carries 19. Also of course you need an engine for few million and with 800k upkeep per year. How are train supposed to be used other than in heavy duty long train - long distance haulage? Oh, but that doesn't give you the frequency needed which then feeds to the industry problem number 1, input buffers running dry.4) To have frequent enough deliveries you need to bring something in all the time and then trucks are far better than trains. Except that cargo station are awful for a large amount of trucks and everythig slows down again with long ques around your cargo stations.5) Stations have catchment area and cargo is automatically transferred to other station within catchment area if there is demand. But catchment area itself is not expanded accordingly. So, you can have train bringing goods in to a station, and part of it is transferred to truck station. Now, you need to truck it around the corner to feed those shops and industries in that catchment area. Effectively you'll end up with lot of cargo stations around the city to be able to distribute everything nicely. Which means more lorries, which means lot of problems with ques at your cargo stations.All in all, game is not balanced and well thought at all and in these 5 samples you see the main frustration points and funnily old Train Fever was better balanced in many senses compared to this.Also performance takes a nose dive when cities get big and you get about 5 FPS on average over big cities with GTX760Ti. There is lot of unnecessary high detail graphic content in this game which contribute to that. Nice, but i'd rather have well balanced enjoyable game with good performance than nice looking graphics on a game which is boring and frustrating to play.--------- Old review after 2 hours of play under here -------If you bought Train Fever, you know what to expect. Just like that, this game is poorly tested and is full of all kind of issues from crashing to lot of bugs and bad behaviour of the track laying tool. For example railway creates quite sharp uphill/downhill sections on both sides of the road to align the railway into road, and not otherway round.New flexibility is great, but it also allows end buffers to be created in the middle of a station or anywhere else in the track and then trains run happily through them. Not game breaking, but shouldn't be possible either. Just a little sample of so called ""finesse"" this game has.Give it 5-6 months and check again when it is on sale."
,Recommended,446800,26573039,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[],"Tutorial doesn't explain some core mechanics which is a bit frustrating, but once you grasp those it's the best transport management game out there in my opinion."
76561197993632034,Recommended,446800,26585265,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Glendinho,This is a wonderful game. Best in the genre.
76561197970198990,Recommended,446800,26590573,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Khrest,"Needs work, particularly in quality of life areas. However the core seems very solid, but it does still feel a bit early access. That said, it scratches the itch for a new Railroad/Transport Tycoon type game very well."
76561198014916468,Not Recommended,446800,26621787,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,yussef961,"i was very happy to buy it i loved transport tycoon, but problem is the famous unable to find a stop bug, many many ppl have it on google, won't even try more im fed up... checked and double checked everything, 2 depots, 2 terminus yellow line appearing etc...i don't recommend"
,Not Recommended,446800,28113240,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[Hg] Hydroxide / Hebrew,"I would like to give it a good rating since looks liek a great game, however, the game crashes on start up.  crashes when I try the tutorial.  crashes whyen I try to start a campaign.  I made sure all my video drivers were up to date.... tried to troubleshoot.  still crashes.  Thumbs down.I am currently in touch with the developer looking for a solution.Edit:  I emailed back and forth with support and suddenly no more responses, no more support, no solution.  My solution is a six letter word sadly.  Refund.SPECS:GeForce GTX 960.  Driver Version: 376.09Intel Core i7-4790k $ 4.00GHz16 GB RAM"
76561198254856855,Recommended,446800,28279929,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,skankyscuzzy,"Love it, love it, love it. I wish I had a better computer to handle the largest maps."
76561198216612255,Recommended,446800,29793464,Posted: 8 February,all,SylverNz,"I hated the game at the start. some stupid mitskaes in the games and had to spend more than 8 hours just on te tutorial to figure out some mistakes by the game.Once i got into the game and learned how to play it, I loved it. One of the best games ive ever played.Just be patiennt until you learn it, trust me its worth it."
76561198009170249,Recommended,446800,30861782,Posted: 31 March,all,Dreadnought1,"If you love transport, you must get this game...Great work by the designers to mesh trains, trucks/buses, ships and aircraft.Had a DC-3, Super Connie and Comet all at the same airport simultaneously!  10/10"
,Recommended,446800,30909624,Posted: 2 April,all,SamTheGamer39,"If you like making model railroads, train tracks, or transport games. This is the best of them ALL! Great graphics. The only bad thing I think is building a line to make goods (or any form of cargo to go to cities) takes forever. Building mass transit is easy but cargo is very hard. I received this with the Train Fever and Pre-Release Discount."
76561198080536939,Recommended,446800,30114990,Posted: 23 February,all,MeanMrMemeMachine,This game is amazing and will suck you in so be carefull. There are preformance issues in larger games/maps buy who need 60 fps in this game. I dont have that great of a system and on a rather large save I get around 20 fps on lower settings I think this is acceptable if it werent for the large lag spike that happens when the money is counted. though since this would be the very end game there is not much point playing past that. All in all amazing would recomend unless you are running a laptop or 10 year old cpu.
76561198166990393,Recommended,446800,31785753,Posted: 16 May,all,electricmonk2k,"Transport Fever is a much improved follow-up to Train-Fever that has many of the missing features of the latter, including boats and planes. It fixes many of the issues that Train Fever had. It also introduces more complex track-layouts so that you can build tighter juctions, and is more flexible in what you can do with bridges and tunnels. And everything is shinier too!Compared to it's predecessor, construction is considerably less exasperating, but even so, there are still a few quirks left (and a small number of new quirks have been introduced). The user-interface gives out more useful information than the predecessor, but even so, you sometimes wish there could be just a little bit more information available.Some things, you either need to figure out, or search for some hints and tutorials. With just a bit of perserverence, you can learn some 'rules of thumb' to help you out. Before you give up and complain, please look up the problem you are having online or ask in the game's forum. There, you will find other players who had the same problem and overcame it. There are still a few rough edges, but the game is still being actively developed, and patches are being released. If you dive straight in to it, a few things might be a bit confusing at first, but with just a bit of effort and commitment, it's truly rivetting and satisfying, and soon, you'll be building the complicated junctions of your dreams in no time at all!This game is definitely a worthy successor to Transport Tycoon Deluxe, but still needs a bit of work if it is to become a worthy successor to OpenTTD. Overall, this game is a big ball of awesemoneness wrapped in a thin layer of awkwardness.Anyway, here are some hints to get you started.+ For your first game, start off with a flat small map on the easiest difficulty setting. This is good for learning the basics of the game.+ Grow your towns with frequent passenger service and goods delivery. That way, you will increase the demand for goods and passengers.+ Do not deliver more goods to a town or industry than it demands.+ Industries will accept more input-goods if they can deliver more output-goods.+ The journey-time not only depends on how fast a service is, but also how long something has to wait. It is therefore a good idea to keep the frequency of the services high to reduce waiting-times (eg. when changing from a bus to a train).+ Each industry has a storage space that can store undelivered products. Once it fills up, the industry stops producing unless you can deliver the goods.+ If an industry produces two types of product, it can only upgrade when production of BOTH products is close to the current limit.+ Vehicles always have a fixed path (unless new track is built, some track is demolished, or another route appears near the existing route). This means that trains will always use the same platform, even if it is occupied and the platform next to it is free.+ To force a train to use a specific platform, build a waypoint in front of (or behind) the platform, and in the list of stations of the route, make sure the waypoint is part of the route. Do this for multiple routes to reduce station congestion by giving all your routes different platforms."
76561198056539558,Recommended,446800,26709340,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Feurigel,"This game is amazing. It's like building your own minature train. Compared to Train Fever stuff has been massively improved.There are still issues. But like in Train Fever where the developers continued to patch the game for years, I don't see any reason to not have faith in them or be to critical. This is a small devoloper team again delivering. Mods willl and already do make this game a constant new experience.If you expect OTT or any kind of Tycoon game, get off of your nostaltic horse. These games are very different to Transport Fever. It's its own thing and tread it as such and don't compare it to other games that for you tick your boxes. This game doesnt say ""I'm the new OTT"". It doesn't get advertised as such. So why do people expect for it to be? Transport Fever chooses its own unique approach to the traffic simulator and for that it's worth it. You want another carbon copy, so you can feel comfortable? Then stay with the games you want this to be. Also if you don't tend to truelly learn this game and understand how it works and how you get out of debt and run a profit, don't blame the game for you incompetency.Also so far I had no crashes whatsoever and the main issue with Train Fever, the perfomance, is 100% solved. It runs super smooth and looks great.It's a fair bargain from a small indie-dev that deserves your support. If you don't see the potential in Urban Games, than leave and throw your money away at an aaa publisher.If you want the transportation simulator genre to be alive, this is your title."
76561198015583107,Not Recommended,446800,28119908,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,^3Stoat,"Unoptimised. Unintuitive. Unfinished. Utterly infuriating.Broken track laying means constant errors and collisions when there aren't any.Inability to efficiently make bridges and overpasses, making junctions laborious and sprawling. Far too much space required to raise track into a bridge. Far too many collisions.Far too simplistic signalling and routing, meaning traffic can't be managed efficiently. Trains don't switch lines if the line in front has traffic.Unforgiving and perplexing rules for laying/upgrading track or road, meaning wasting time and money. Undo button and Cities Skylines style usability would help.Some of these could be patched out, but looking at the developer's evolution of Train Fever to Transport Fever (or lack thereof), I don't hold out much hope.Sorry, I really wanted to like this."
76561198073431466,Recommended,446800,30109943,Posted: 22 February,all,zaemanfx,"A great game, good graphics and models of trains, planes and automobiles (good title for something that.)You can play in USA or Europe and Free mode. The game has good community and you can mod the game, so add more models, industry etc.The drawback from all this good stuff is the crazy complex economics system. It's very difficult to survive the first sixty/seventy years (30+ games and succeded to the sixties only once). For example to get one product to a town involved setting up 5 stations/industries and about 3 or 4 trains, incredibly expensive.So good game but doesn't really have an easy level (it says easy but it's very difficult). Free mode is great and many players seem to stick with this.All said and done I still recommend it."
76561198014907657,Not Recommended,446800,28072759,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,olaph,"I am really dissapointed by this game. I have bought it's predecessor (Train fever). It was just test proof of concept for this one. So I paid twice for this game. And still it's flawed.Pathfinding is rigid. This also break complex signals. Even for simple situations as one track rail with two tracks in stations, where trains can change. Trains have only one track in station in their paths, so when there is other train waiting they won't use the other one. Even TTD with it's just in time pathfinding was better.At lease"
,Recommended,446800,28185004,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Stormrage,"Finally a worthy successor to the beloved Transport Tycoon Delux & Locomotion.At first it seemd a bit weird, wanted to have eveything exactly the same way as I used to in TTD, but after I realized how the transport chains actually work I could easily go through the campaign and enjoy the game as much as I did love TTD.There is only one thing now that is poking my eyes is the way how trains handling train signals/lights, it requires a bit of refinement, but I do believe it will be done soon."
76561198142975915,Recommended,446800,28200128,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,darrenchew2497,Great game that provides hours of engaging and fun gameplay. Graphics are vibrant and beautiful with plenty of detail in vehicles. Controls and menu system are also good. The game does require a bit of micromanagement but in my opinion that adds to the appeal of this game.
76561197982947726,Recommended,446800,31202879,Posted: 17 April,all,aleader,"I'm really not sure what people are talking about regarding not being able to make money.  If anything, it's too easy to make money (med difficulty).  Take a loan (whatever you need) in the early game, and pay it back when the cash starts rolling in.  Freight lines make big $, even bigger than passengers.  Read community guides to understand the way cargo works and you'll be set.  Balancing it is a challenge, but is also half the fun.I waited to get this on sale, but now find that it's such a massive improvement over train fever, that full price is still a steal.  I have 35 hours play time in less than 2 weeks (I have kids and a job afterall!).  Remember, people pay $70 for crap console games that get old after a week.  This one will last well into 1000hrs+ of play time.As for performance, it runs butter smooth at max settings on my Win 7-64, G3258 (O/C to 4.2), 3GB GTX 1060, 8GB Ram.   I did buy it after release of the usability patch (was waiting to buy until that was released).  OpenTTD may somehow have a loyal following, but I tried getting into it and just couldn't.  It's far too old and hard to manage the UI, I don't care if it's free.Bottom line, if you have any interest in this type of game (Cities Skylines, SimCity, Transport Tycoon, Railroad Tycoon, Civilization) just get it.  You will not be disappointed...and will probably need counselling to cure your addiction down the road!"
76561198212389229,Recommended,446800,31674497,Posted: 10 May,all,Compy with BoomStick,"This game is extremely fun and peaceful, its one of those games that you would play if you just want to relax(if your playing with the no-cost mod) or to have a challange you can balance efficient tracks and not getting bankrupt.I've spent over a hundred hours on this game building my businesses luckily there is no end you can build to the future(sadly you don't get badass futuristic planes or trains), it has bad problems:It lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥, the noding isn't all that good to the point it breaks the immesiveness to the point it get's really really stupid such as the trailers on the damn american trucks completely breaks it when its turning a corner it completely RUINS the damn immersive gameplay. Please Urban Games do something about the trailers."
76561198022144844,Recommended,446800,26669083,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tommyrank,I came into this game trying to play it exactly like other tycoon games. I learnt very quickly that this is not how the game plays. Take time to do the tutorial and learn the mechanics. If you know how to play transport fever it becomes a very fun and rewarding game. The detail on the engines and vehicles is great and I like the interplay between all of the vehicle types. Overall a very fun game with hours of play.
,Recommended,446800,26719809,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,=7Cav=Stalker,"Amazing game, one of the best management games i've ever played. I love the depth and micromanaging you need to put in not to die of financial leaking :). It's a hard game but also a very rewarding one. I totally recommend it."
76561198128091662,Recommended,446800,26721424,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,C9 Ghost,awesome
,Not Recommended,446800,28451656,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Perhaps I'll get it again in the future, but right now I just don't think it's that fun, it has a very difficult start up and won't tell you hardly anything useful that you need to do it order to make things function, even in a tutorial standpoint. They never really go into detail about prices of structures over certain landmasses or water, which that's ok since it's kinda assumed. BUT It never showed me from the start that I was in debt and basically to continue getting past certain tutorial parts I had to take out several loans. AND needless to say it didn't get paid back.It's an ok concept and actually really interested me, but it's got a huge difficulty set that is just base as far as THESE games go. I've played a lot of Guild and it's almost as difficult but the way I see it? the furthur in this game you get, the harder all this stuff becomess, managing hundreds of places at once without so much as a helping hand for people not aquanted with this game genre, is a bit much.I'm sure the pay off is amazing to see what you could do with the game, but for me currently? It's a too tough. But perhaps I'll repurchase and get the hang of it."
,Recommended,446800,28980241,Posted: 3 January,all,nottherealslash,"This game is powerful yet simple, with extremely versatile tools with minimum elements.  You can create complex road, rail, sea and air transportation networks with ease.  The visuals are brilliant and the audio adds an extra layer of detail.  Historial campaigns are an awesome addition, which serve as great tutorials and can be very challenging if you want to win all the medals.  Modding support is awesome, and the community is really helpful.Yes, there are some elements that could be improved or changed, but the devs listen to the community and try as hard as they can to implement changes when possible, with regular patches fixing bugs and improving gameplay.  If you come from another game (e.g. OpenTTD) you might find the mechanics challenging at first as they work somewhat differently.  Overall, I think this is a great game."
76561198093372120,Recommended,446800,28984416,Posted: 3 January,all,tmaxxman,Wish it had a day/night cycle. Street lamps and vehicles and buildings that lit up would be cool.
,Recommended,446800,29643504,Posted: 1 February,all,TrainNutter,"Brilliant Game! I Love it! The Graphics are Amazing. One bad thing though, your good PC may struggle (Like mine is) When cities become huge ie: 2020 onwards."
76561197991798166,Recommended,446800,28425074,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Wandering Mania,"Coming from playing Chris Sawyer's Locomotion almost religiously. This game has now replaced it. Better graphics, closer zoom levels, more controll.Though I do have a few gripes.1: No tanker or hopper trucks.2: No mail to be dilivered.3 : Signals (for train tracks) can not be placed as 'one way'. You have to go back and edit them after they are placed, to change them to 'one way'.4: You must set up full supply chains right off the bat or none of it works.Overall it's a great game though. Nothing a few patches couldn't fix about my 'gripes'."
76561198006529831,Recommended,446800,28465164,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,kiralynn72,"Perhaps it's just me but I feel Transport Fever is biased towards trains.  They're much easier to make money from than an airport for example.  Simple things like airports having such a small population catchment area while taking up so much space and only allowing for one entrance.  The planes themselves - while looking awesome- carry a very limited number of passengers decreasing the realism somewhat.  Also being limited to one runway has proven stressfull.  I had a poor DC-3 stuck in a holding pattern forever.My every attempt at running a successful shipping passenger liner failed too.  Essentially the same issues as airports coupled with being very, very slow.But if you're in it for the trains then you'll be happy.  Easy to set up, quite addaptable stations, great looking trains, and essentially they make money.Overall I do recommend this game, particularly to train enthusiasts.  I personally would like to see other means of transport get some love in an update ... then I'll be very happy."
76561198028692041,Not Recommended,446800,28480371,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,電脳占い師ノヴァ,"Just because things looks good, that doesn't mean game system is also good.I find Transport Tycoon (OpenTTD) had better system to manage vehicles than this game.Also I think goods send to catchment area is too slow when they ask to haul it out ASAP because their storage area is full. Which does not make sense at all.Can't recommend to buy this game until they came up with better game system to boot."
76561197964348886,Recommended,446800,26623307,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,rawfox,"Its a great game with nice gfx.It has a bit of the Railroad Tycoon II feeling with mutch better gfx.The game runs mutch better on Linux here, on Windows its still lacking some performance.To me its fun :)"
76561197961946182,Not Recommended,446800,29725327,Posted: 5 February,all,GypsieBart,I was truly hoping with transport fever they would learn that fixed processing simply spoils the game. Just like it did in train fever. I am puzzled why they wouldnt give us some control as to where these go. I have spent more time restarting maps to get at least a descent setup for a successful game than i have actually played the game. other than the the late game lag that is my only complaint.
,Not Recommended,446800,29705104,Posted: 4 February,all,Kill_Joy,"Seemed to be a great game, however it has crashed about 10 times already just trying to load a game. I would wait for a more stable version before I would purchase this."
76561198097550372,Recommended,446800,26501352,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Foxlight,"Fun game. If you like chris sawyer's locomotion you'll like this one.nice graphics and small details.even the story is nice.the tutorial might be a little hard to people who never played this kind of game but after you understand it, it's really fun game."
,Not Recommended,446800,26518710,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,crossmr,"This game is just another epic failure by the devs. I supported the first one, put in lots of hours trying to enjoy it, but ultimately it could never really pull the trigger and be a good game. This one, despite promising some of the fixes that people wanted in Train Fever, has still failed to be a good game.The game is so horribly balanced. Boats are a joke. The missions are really unintuitive and poorly designed. Like missions that can casually be finished before option parts even become available or missions that rely on buggy broken mechanics.There is little to nothing redeemable about the game at all at this point. This is a poorly made paid patch. ugh..The devs just don't have the vision."
76561198038500302,Not Recommended,446800,26519461,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bastargre,"Not worth the money, it is a bad upgrade from TrainFever"
76561198162025783,Recommended,446800,26526928,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Blackshuck1988,Really good game if you like the tycoon series. My only comment would be add some canals to the game would make it a bit more flexible when starting out. The game play though is flawless ive not had a single issue not really sure how people with i7 are having issues as im on a i5 66k with a 950 and i get a constant 60 fps.
76561198191378761,Recommended,446800,26487031,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,P4RTYH4RD,"Positive:+The old good Transport Tycoon feeling again with better graphics.+The best game for the long winter days for me.Beginning Issues:- Unreadable Russian default language (solved)- Mouse bug in fullscreen mode! I can't moving out the cursor from the central part of screen any resolutions. If i turn off the DPI modes in windows then the mouse works better, but i cant scroll the map right and down side with mouse movements."
76561197970317302,Recommended,446800,26528272,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Prattler,"Damn this game to hell, need more sleep."
76561198006802457,Recommended,446800,26612934,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Princess Inkbutt,"Is it perfect,   no.Is it everything Tran Fever should have been?  yes!Is it open to steam workshop to add all the content?  YESGood"
76561197968907666,Recommended,446800,26486414,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TinBlue,"First impressions... Very slick and polished. Great graphics. This is basically Transport Tycoon Deluxe in 3D. You can click on individual citizens, see where they live, see where they are going and even see the world from their eyes. Can't wait to delve  deeper into the game."
,Not Recommended,446800,26514135,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,killwort,"Actually, it is the same old Train Fever game as it was 2 years ago. Devs are just trying to get paid twice. Really, there's no improvement at all, game is still buggy and unoptimized as it was. New features are limited to aircrafts and boats which are useless compared to trains. UI was ""improved"" so it looks modern but still lacks usability. The only thing which really got some love is production chains and cargo generations, but these are the things which must have been in old train fever game, not in the new one."
,Recommended,446800,26627157,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,zhaxy025,Fans of train fever.Except some bugs this is a great update!
76561197993657854,Recommended,446800,26486949,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,neetneet,My dreams in Train Fever come ture...............and with STEAM WORKSHOP/ l o lsounds and musics very good now :-)a very nice Traffic tycoon game in 2016.
,Not Recommended,446800,26512461,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Wilde 2B-145 | F-652,"Game is not complete, should be labeled as an early access game, german game with a incomplete english translation. Hope the best for the development of this game but currently does not feel complete."
76561198128012445,Not Recommended,446800,28241666,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Master Wolfie,This game needs to be fixed.  I really like it tho.
76561198000416099,Not Recommended,446800,26497752,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Thi,You use 30 minutes to make a trainline and then the game wont realise that it exists.....
76561197988432376,Not Recommended,446800,29674772,Posted: 3 February,all,Markoes,"First of all: I love this game. I've been waiting years for a game like this, and it's very fun to play. I liked Train Fever a lot, so obviously I wanted this game as well!But after a few years it's simply unplayable for me. I have a decent PC, but it's always lagging, freezing and crashing. Two times I lost saved games because after a crash the saved game couldn't be loaded (according to the game probably because of a mod).One of the most fun AND frustrating games I've ever played."
76561197983388281,Not Recommended,446800,26579322,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,wilddane,"The maps are way to randomly generated and often you find yourself reloading to get a better map, so you do not have to crosss the entire map twice to get a freight line up and running.Also I am not a big fan of the way the tracklaying works, the tracks curve way to much if you try and build a long segment from a station, so you have to do it in small increments. You can get it to be in a straight line, if you do not start from a track or a station, but if you do it in small increments, it is still much cheaper, not sure why the thhe price is so much higher when building a long track?I have spend hours, if not days playing Transport Tycoon, this game makes me miss that game."
,Not Recommended,446800,26497589,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Meomancer,"After watching youtubers playing it, it looks like this game is great, having unique management since Railroad Tycoon. Then i decided to give a shot with 10% discount.After installing it, i tried to setup like youtubers, world is large and ratio is 1:3. After loaded, the response is so slow and lag. Maybe my computer is the problem (really? i could play other game smoothly, like the sims 4 in high)then i decrease my graphic to low and other setting to off. Then, it is still slow and lag.Maybe the world is to huge for me?Recreate new game again, with small world, and.....still slow and lag, and now there are black shadow everywhere and i can't click anything.Will change my opinion if it is fixed, minimal i can play it although in low setting."
76561198012068872,Not Recommended,446800,26497870,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,oldeguy,"Train Ferver with Trains, planes and watermobiles. Many crashes unexplained, many bugs, unpolished, maps poorly laid out with too great distances betwen cities and industries to make them profitable.  I had hoped this would be an imporvement over Train Fever but sadly it isn't. I should have waited before buying it but I trusted the Devs because I enjoyed Train Fever so much.  They need to fix the issues myeslf and others written about and acknowledge our posts rather than ignore us. As of now I cannot recommend the game. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,446800,26497232,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DisMoike,"Runs like a dog's dinner, worse than Train Fever (the first game) with the same PC setup on just the tutorial alone (tiny map), with little impovement to justify the price tag over Train Fever.For reference, I get 40-60fps on large maps with a GTX970 on Train Fever. I was dipping into the low 20s on the tutorial map, which only contained 2 towns. Goodness knows how worse it would have been on proper maps with multiple towns citizens.It's not a bad game, just not worth the price as of the current date.I got a refund to await performance patches and fixes."
,Recommended,446800,26509001,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Aquantis,A nice improvement over Train Fever
76561198099004795,Recommended,446800,26494507,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,fahd.ahm,"An hour in and i am already loving it. Train Fever in comparison looks simplistic and easy.I havent still gotten around to building my grand network of railways but it sure as hell looks like a lot of fun. The no. of industries and freight varieties is great and much more than in any game before. The maps are huge and the potential to build extremely complex rail network is there. This is a great follow up for Train Fever. The developers have been listening to the gamers and have improved it a lot.Everyone who wants to build their own rail/transport network should definately give it a go. It is not perfect in every single way but is by far the most satisfying game in this genre. And the way that Urban and Gambitious work, i expect updates in the coming few months to further improve the game."
76561198007429344,Recommended,446800,26499948,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RolandBP,"PRO's:  I am impressed with the quality of the scenery.Nice to see working headlights on the Trains, Buses and Trucks.Moving the main selection bar to the bottom of the screen was a great idea as it does not block the screen view.The Missions are an excellent idea. {I have at this time only done the Gotthard Tunnel Construction and thoroughly enjoyed it.}The animated passengers is another nice addition.Braking sounds as the train pulls into the station, is great, as is the flange squeal, as the train goes around the tighter curves.CON's: Just the one at this stage. I feel the train stopping at a signal is a bit abrupt. It would look better if it started slowing down much sooner as is done on Train Fever."
76561197965979163,Not Recommended,446800,26494092,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ciceanu,"Just to let you know from the begining, I cannot express my opinion for the game content. I did not even had a chance to play. Why why why will the devs release this?? I got to the main screen. Changed resolution to suit my monitor and that's it. The mouse cursor seems trapped into a invisible window in the middle of the screen with not way to reach the menu. I have restarted a few times and the same. Cannot get into settings to change the resolution back. So annoyed and frustrated. I was really looking forward to play this game! The pub would have been a much better investment..."
76561198105398457,Not Recommended,446800,29760439,Posted: 7 February,all,wolfiee,"Very frustrating. The programming for the stations dont work right, the opposite side fills up first while your trucks all get stacked up on the opposite side. I found it impossible to make money."
,Recommended,446800,26500721,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,a true successor to Transport Tycoon.
,Not Recommended,446800,26564310,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PhasmaNL,"Most likely this game will have great gameplay, if you like the genre. I had a lot of fun with Train Fever, and gameplay seems to have been improved.BUT, I haven't really been able to find out. :( Train Fever had some pretty big performance issues. Even on very high-end machines, while both CPU and GPU were often less than 50% utilized, the game wasn't able to run at a decent FPS. Frequent drops to as low as 10-20 FPS. They promised (see FAQ) this would be fixed with Transport Fever, but it absolutely hasn't.I'm running a GTX980 (high OC version) with i7-4790K and 16GB RAM, but performance is horrible. Even when setting the resolution to the ancient 1024x768 it can't keep 60FPS while viewing a city (on a early tutorial level!), while running at high ingame settings. The only ingame setting that seems to have some influence is the Geometry slider. But even this isn't a real solution. DEV's have knowingly lied about fixing the issue. Unacceptable.After writing this review I sadly will have to go get a refund while I still can. I REALLY like these kind of games, but this is case where I can only vote with my wallet...  :("
76561197968364103,Not Recommended,446800,26498521,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,paul,"So far, not so good. Crashes each time i try to do the first europe campain."
76561198305949446,Not Recommended,446800,26603391,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,pervak.s,"So many bugs, so poor in game economy :("
76561198000673492,Not Recommended,446800,26668086,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,!!Science!!,Lacking depth
76561197983401247,Not Recommended,446800,26685275,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mweb,"The promotional videos did not represent the actual gameplay. Most views are from high above.  Poor graphics for landscape and vegetation, come on. Only a few different trees and no shrubbery. Gameplay is more complex than they advertize. No fun involved."
,Not Recommended,446800,26543846,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kurtkless,"Couldn't get it to run at all, never saw anything but a loading screen. Have a fairly high end PC with updated drivers. I wanted to love this game, but needed a refund. Might look at it again in 6 months to a year, after its been patched and is more stable."
,Recommended,446800,26513095,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Burz,"I want to play it. However, when I fire it up the whole map is covered in black making it nearly impossible to tell what anything is. Also, the cargo loading is confusing."
76561197994719986,Not Recommended,446800,29039809,Posted: 5 January,all,harper846,Unfinished buggy sick of being an alpha tester and paying for it no more buying games until they are out for 9 months
,Recommended,446800,26525680,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,|BE| Vakonof,Nice and addicting game.
76561197973759018,Not Recommended,446800,31509689,Posted: 2 May,all,Bigyin,My Review on Transport Fever The game it's self is good enough to be honest Since getting it I've been addicted but the only thing that lets it down is actually Game Play there are plenty good Mods for the game and helps game play to an extent what lets it down LAG this is a real BIG problem when playing if you are placing  station or building  etc you get terrible lag and the more the game advances in progress the more the game lags  to the extent that the game crashes and if you haven't saved your game you will lose what you have done auto save is every 5 years so that's there to help.The game it's self well my score would be 7 out of to but for game play and due to the Lag  I must give it a 4 out of 10.If the lag is then I would recommend this i if fun and relaxing (apart from the Lag).
,Recommended,446800,26501714,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,The Vengur,"Overall a massive improvement to Train Fever.A few bugs and minor balance issues, hopefully soon to be dealt with.The Developer has a good history of improving and supporting their titles over several years.Well worth the buy."
,Recommended,446800,26501879,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rei Ayanami,3 hours in and having a great time. If you liked Train Fever then you will like Transport Fever. This game solves a lot of Train Fevers problems and builds on it. I'll admit that this game may not be for everyone but if you're looking for a fun transportation game then you should really look into this game. Also the loyalty discount to owners of the previous game is a nice touch that you don't see very often.
76561198004121262,Recommended,446800,26501878,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Grim,canadian = snow mexican
76561198184914995,Not Recommended,446800,26521866,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jwc52,keep crashing
76561198006264937,Recommended,446800,26498809,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nick99,If you are looking for a modern take on the likes of TTD/OTTD - then this is what you came for. After some bugs and a few adjustments to balance/UI - this will be the new standard. As Cities Skylines is to Simcity 4.I have no problem with the price. If you are into this sort of logistics tycoon genre or otherwise enjoy making big train-sets and establishing industry - you'll wring every cents worth out of it no matter what you got it for.
,Recommended,446800,26499900,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Chikasha Saya,"I personally enjoy the game. I like to play games like these, the infrastructure building style games, such as Cities: Skylines, and Civ. I also really enjoy trucks and trains, and playing with them on this game is fun. I see some people comparing this to Railway Tycoon and Train Fever, I've never played those, so objectively, it's a fine game, given there are some glitches and issues that need to be fixed. 7/10"
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,446800,26545621,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Winterspark,A really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ remake of train fever. Added more complexity where none was needed while failing to fix fundamental gameplay issues.
76561197985259186,Recommended,446800,26490829,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,-Dj Tk@ -  d[-_-]b,"Well, my first review but what the ****, lets do it.Overall, its a poliched and nice looking game. Good menus and easy to start to play. The gameplay is smooth, loading times not that bad, and excellant graphics, easy UI, takes maybe a 30 minutes to figure everything out. Many pros, some cons;-towns to small, maybe would be more immersive if  a town had 10 000 population, instead of 1000 :)-To simple, would love some more mirco managment-to small mapThe cons are surely moddable, as there is already life on the workshop page!10/10 when taking moddability into accont"
76561198057584338,Recommended,446800,33029646,Posted: 30 June,all,alexander2008,Great game!The Economy system is much better balanced compared to the previos one Train Fever.If you get bored install mods form the Workshop.
76561198002551780,Not Recommended,446800,26518075,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,attorger,"Totaly absurd pricing of equipment (eg. 73k for a ford truck in 1935? ) Absurdly high operation costs on everything. Starting out in DEBT for 3 Mil and having to pay the intrest on that (ever hear of gov.t grants?) Also, ONLY intrest nothing applies to 3mil principle unless you actualy pay the principle.(and only in 500mil increments). Game pace is nuts, Takes a week to drive a load 1 town to next (granted only at 20mph but really?) Building costs just as absurdly priced  3 mil in 1850 should go alot farther...Game mechanics - almost impossible to place straight roads or tracks, game want to keep curving them. Modles of various transport items are quite nicely done. System pauses every yr saving , breifly but noticably.Overall if you like this type of game wait for sale otherwise pass."
76561197977866937,Not Recommended,446800,28457652,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kestrel,"This game looks like a lot of fun. I have a lower end computer with above min specs and the game had lots of issues. The tutorial, free mode would not load,  The game kept crashing to desk top, Do not trust the min specs, you need a higer end computer to run this game."
76561198111757467,Not Recommended,446800,29929778,Posted: 14 February,all,wolare,"WASTING MONEY & TIMEthe game has a fantastic 3D graphics ..... and nothing more !!!game logic and economics are terrible and unrealAfter a few failed attempts I made a decent test = save to disk 3 random generated maps -  having each map the same startup parameters tried to take off from different places with diferent layout = 1 city+2bussines lines = each time ending with bankruptcy after 30 years = profits from lines are too small after 30 years to replace the locomotive going to the scrap ....  only in campagne mission you will succesfull -  but only becouse sponsor give you few credits for helpa real horror is laying tracks and station construction ..... I add a screenshot made after the construction of one station - re-leveling of land few times - three times demolishing the station and putting it again - re-laying of tracks and their destruction = and yet I just wanted to do a simple intersection crossover front of the station !!! ..... And after losing a pile of money I got a message that ""too big slope"" !!! where!? and why it was able to put steering to the left - and the addition of cross crossover to the right impossible ???http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=864200710In my opinion, this game is revenge of  mad engineer for his difficult childhood ......I think the best evidence is a guide created by the author which gives calculations economics flight ..... to calculate the table unless he used slide rule ......I suspect that the authors of ""Transport fever"" are the same people who murdered series Raillroad Tycoon ..... remember? version 2 was great .... !!    and then they made some big guys version 3 ..... and there were the same problems as here = great graphics .... but play is not possible because after 1h  you have frenzy attack"
76561197970636210,Not Recommended,446800,28480941,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ningato99,"hangs when launching, otherwise hangs when playing.  Appears to require you to be logged in as administrator or there is no functionality. purchased Dec 19 2016."
,Not Recommended,446800,28540832,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Marxxx,"Shows potential but unfortunatley is held back by confusing design and performance issues.Maybe wait a few months for the devs to fix it and perhaps buy it on sale but for now, I do not reccommend it."
,Recommended,446800,28231468,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SpartanRampa6e,"This game just sucks up your time, im 50 hours in and still enjoying it, recomended"
,Recommended,446800,30481916,Posted: 12 March,all,Tex Mex,when i played it i am entertained.10/10 does what games should
76561198007299243,Recommended,446800,31099967,Posted: 12 April,all,LTChance,"Ok, this is the third review I've written on Steam with some 200 games in my account.  It's that good!  If you like any game which requires you to carefully manage limited resources to achieve a desires result, then this game is for you.  Specifically, if you enjoyed Factorio, Civilization, or any other Tycoon game, you should buy this game.Be warned, though, the mechanics can be a bit confusing if you've been trained by these other games.  The supply chains in Transport Tycoon rely of a 'pull' mechanic instead of a 'push' mechanic.  In other words, there has to be a market for goods before anyone will pay you to move them.  Combined with some fiddly depot mechanics and not-the-best documentation, this results in a lot of confusion for people and accounts for most of the negative reviews about bugs.  I have encountered zero bugs with supply distribution, although I have encountered many bewildering problems in my supply chains which I eventually discovered to be caused by an error of my own creation.I have played through almost all of the campaign missions and had no technical problems, crashes, or slow downs on my three year old gaming laptop.  I got the game after the recent 'usability' patch so maybe that has something to do with it.Bottom line: Great game if you have any interest in thinking, problem-solving, and optimizing type games.  If not - well, my wife gave me an epic eye roll after she listened to me watch one of the videos narrated by the Swedish(?) guy above and say, ""Awesome, I must have it.""  Go play bejeweled or something."
76561198128414501,Recommended,446800,30219106,Posted: 27 February,all,esther.marye,"Great game, difficult to stop playing!"
,Recommended,446800,34248216,Posted: 14 August,all,Dryerlint,Pretty good now.
76561198011362556,Not Recommended,446800,28462056,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,HypoConDreAct,"The game is ok, but it does not get better than that, I have given it time hoping it would get better but the same little things make you want to pull your hair out such asNo undoNo way to plan or per designNo display of station area unless conected to a pre built street with a guess'o'meterTime does not flow in sink with your ablity to travelLack of information on how trains can be controled (its ok if you know how trains signels work)No wearhouse abitly (drop off hub)stations are either passanger or cargo no mixIt takes 2 months to add a carraige to a train or remove itand the list goes on, I wouldnt buy this it in hind sight."
,Recommended,446800,26759512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,o.s,Do not buy this game if you have any of the following:1: A job2: A life3: Friends & family3: Fitness4: PetsYou will lose them all (WARNING: Some may die).
76561198032129920,Not Recommended,446800,29716715,Posted: 5 February,all,daemonazazel,"The concept of the game is a good old classic, but the implementation lacks. Dialog boxes don't scale, on a 4K display all text is tiny. When you try to rename a transport line, the old name isn't preselected so you have to manually delete it before typing. Seems like they tried to reinvent game UIs and made the same mistakes others made years ago. I've tried to get into the game 4 or 5 times now. Every time I gave up in frustration.The good news: It's all just minor things, so maybe a patch will fix it. This game has potential."
76561198014832251,Recommended,446800,26501179,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Omegabigb,"Fun open TTD like game, greatly improved graphics over its predecessor, unfortunately performance could be improved, (it runs fine on my setup though other people are having trouble.)if you like transport tycoon definitely recommended, just make sure it runs good enough for you in the 2 hour refund window."
,Recommended,446800,28958479,Posted: 2 January,all,PETJATRON2000,"PROSINTERESTING TO PLAYI do love this game even there's few quirks, as mentioned below. This game is 9/10 and must-have to everyone enjoying management games. The game also uses buses, trains, planes etc. from the real life.MARVELLOUS GRAPHICSMy GTX 1060 + Intel i5 + 16GB RAM combo plays the game wonderfully with the best graphical settings applied. I love to zoom in and out in the ""god view"" with very fast graphical response, and sometimes use the train driver view to see the world from the very different perspective.VERY BIG WORLDAnd never ending challenges waiting you to solve em'. You surely have to think before doing anything. There's no undo option which is sometimes great to not have that, and sometimes, well ... Use your time to plan.CONSEvery game has their own problems. Also this game. But nothing too bad tho.VERY HARD TO MAKE SUCCESSAlthough I've played the game only on the easy difficulty and with various starting years, it seems to be very hard to make progress. It's almost impossible to avoid taking maximum possible debt, resulting the state where's no way back anymore.TRACK LAYING SUCKSErrors after errors. Track junctions are sometimes so freaking annoying, you almost want to throw your computer out of the window. Whether it says ""too steep curves"", whether ""construction is not possible"" (should that error tell me something btw?).CONCLUSIONBuy the game! I love, you'll love it. Don't bother to read negative reviews."
,Recommended,446800,26502899,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,4Dyce,This game is fantastic! reminds me of a classic called Industry Giant. Gameplay is great and challenging. I highly recommend getting Transport Fever if you are a fan of this kind of sim!
76561198105188758,Not Recommended,446800,26518427,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,traskutys,had n chance to enjoy it it... keeps crashing loads of bugs to be fixed...
76561198302384679,Recommended,446800,26498343,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,linshuyang314,good.much better than train fever.
76561198044877725,Recommended,446800,26510305,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,thuuur1,"I really love the game and will make a lot of hours in it! I don't really understand why other reviews are that bad... The game is really fun and it's a good game to play incomparison with transport tycoon. Has some great improvements, but  the game is slightly more difficult to play and you need to pay a lot of attention in your routes. Also after passing in time! But I also know you can't review a game like this after playing at least for 10-20 hours.... Then you really did not tried the game. :)The game is much more better then Train Fever and the ultimate tycoon game for me! I am not running it on maximum graphics, otherwise for me it will crash, but when you put the graphics on medium/low the game works perfect and it still looks great (in my opinion). Havent encountered proplems, except one crash with high graphics at the beginnning of the game.Pro's:- Works great on my laptop (2,4 GHz Intel Core i7, 8 GB 1600 MHz DDR3, NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M 1024 MB)- Great simulation/tycoon game- A lot of oppertunities in the game (you will not get bored that fast)- Realistic graphics, but you can still know it's a game- A really nice goods chain (Without the good connections, it won't work, but love that difficulty. Makes the game more realistic)- Definetely worth the money! You have a lot of gameplay, for quite a low price.Cons:- Loading times are sometimes quite long, but they can be really longer (Cities Skylines is more worse)- The game crashes when played with high graphics (at least on my laptop, isn't really a big con though)- The goods chain sometimes tend to be really difficult, especialy when you have a lot of routes from the raw resources, to the factory and then to the cities. It works, but you have to pay a lot of attention. (For me this is not really a con, but it can be for some of us I guess)"
,Recommended,446800,26510601,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lukas,If you like transport tycoon games you'll definitely like transport fever!!
,Recommended,446800,26516050,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Eliteslayer,"To cut to the chase, there are a few performance issues that slow the game BUT its not game breaking (as yet).Im sure these issues will get patched soon!If you like this genre of game (Transport Tycoon, sim management, business) i think its a great addition. The features you normall get are all there and the way the business supply alters as you make demand is great.The tools all work simply, though perhaps signals could be made a bit easier on rail but with a bit of fiddling its no problem to get what you need.My biggest criticism (aside from the performance issues) is the lack of a multiplayer mode. I wonder if this will have that long a lifespan as just a singleplayer and sandbox game?Overall I would recommend it."
,Recommended,446800,26509953,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,hermeneze,"6/10Pros:Tycoon Game;Hardcore if you play without saves and want to get all the medals;Up to date Graphics;Voices are cool;Can keep you busy for a long time if you like Tycoon games;Large maps for endless games;Between 1 or 3 bugs.Con:Not a single enemyNo multiplayerTime goes really fast, it's absurd, carriages take 17 days to go round' the corner.I would give a 10/10 or 9/10 but without AI or multiplayer this is a failure, idk if i can complete the campaing, but will keep me busy for a while."
,Recommended,446800,26536053,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JuggernautOfWar,"Compare the construction mechanics alone without considering anything else, this is 10x better than Train Fever. Add on top of that the remade freight systems, no more 20 minute rule, and sea and air transport options, this is quite a bit different from Train Fever. Yes it does share similarities and at this time (just released) a few issues with Train Fever, but overall it is definitely a new game. Easy to learn, hard to master.Some people are giving Transport Fever negative reviews, claiming these changes could have been DLC for Train Fever. Could they have implemented many of the changes seen here into Train Fever by radically altering the underlying game? Possibly, but what's the point? This is already priced as an expansion pack to Train Fever would be and it gives the developers a chance to change the underlying game - something not easily done via expansion pack or patch."
,Recommended,446800,26536319,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Marking | 1€ ≠ 1$,"A great improvement over the previous game.The non-responsive long loading screen was a bit bad, and I dislike having to use n and m to rotate.Great improvements over the previous game, no crashes, runs pretty smooth, and looks great."
76561198343236630,Recommended,446800,32135929,Posted: 2 June,all,Gray Fullbuster,i like that it reminsmes me of lokmoshin the only probim i have is the lag
76561198280567366,Recommended,446800,32136970,Posted: 2 June,all,Geebers19,Slow paced yet exciting for people who don't like the faster pace of other games. Or in other words... a perfect time killer.
,Recommended,446800,26552261,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tyler Ricky,"Probably the best management game I've been able to play for several years. Buy it!Probablement le meilleur jeu de ""vraie"" gestion auquel j'ai pu jouer depuis plusieurs années. Foncez!"
,Recommended,446800,26532422,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TUFOM,Worthy successor for transport tycoon and simutrans. Its not perfect but best transportation game out there. That's huge archieviement for Urban Games. I played Transport Tycoon as a child and Simutrans not so long ago and this game captures that something.
76561198004726008,Recommended,446800,26530482,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,doughema,"This game is a very good sequal to Train Fever it has expanded on a already good game. This game is not a simple no thought required game. No just placing stations randomly you have to think and manage who is making what and who wants what. And with the indroduction of planes, ships and distrabution zones for stations it adds a whole new levle of depth."
76561198085829280,Recommended,446800,26487990,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Stilen08,So far very good game. Had a little issue in the beginning with the tuturial not recognizing my mouse clicks but that was fixed with switching my resolution back to the default. I just finished the first american mission and wish I could play more but unfortunetly it's already 6 a.m. where I am at. Can't wait to play more after my nap.
76561198031556508,Recommended,446800,26561346,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Celtich,"Verry fun, relaxing game"
,Recommended,446800,26543426,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[YT]GoGo_DaSilva,"A really good game if you like trains, boats, busses, and planes.  I reccomend buying this game if you are good at time mannagment and if you like the history of most transportation vehicles.  There are some bugs that need to be worked out, but so far ive only seen glitches when you try to make a railroad crossing with a bridge (yes thats possible) and railroad track connections where ground textures glitch through the track."
,Not Recommended,446800,28729183,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Autistus Maximus,Graphics +UI +Gameplay +Lag -Low FPS -No way to assign what to drop off at one station without having to buy spesific wagons with designated resources -
76561198025395014,Recommended,446800,26523298,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,taylorawillis,"Well done, a worthy successor to Train Fever which was a very good, if ultimately flawed game.  It is NOT just a 3D version of Open TTD, and trying to play it as such will lead to a lot of headaches (which seems to be a source for a lot of the angst in some reviews).  Transport Fever has interesting mechanics, good graphics, and finally brings the transportation genre into the modern era of computing.  Highly recommended, especially given the relatively low price."
76561198017090693,Recommended,446800,26579734,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,-Psycho-,"Awesome so far, few bugs that I hope they sort out soon"
76561198013348092,Recommended,446800,26565191,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cascinova,"I don't normally write reviews, but after reading a lot of negative reviews, I felt like I had to speak out.  I bought this game with low expectations after reading quite a few negative reviews about bugs and performance.  I have put about 25 hours into the game so far and played 4 of the american missions.  I haven't noticed any bugs yet, and nor have I have noticed any performance issues at all playing on a I7-6700 4ghz - 32gb ram - nvidia gtx 980 TI.  I think a lot of the lagging people complain about is simply people who need to ugrade their systems, or they are trying to play with too high graphical setttings. I have mine set at max with zero lag.The gameplay itself is fairly simple, with a small learning curve that makes the game challenging enough to be entertaining.  I would reccomend this game to anyone who is interested in simulation and strategy type games."
76561198087820807,Recommended,446800,28283939,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Trainman21102,I couldn't even get the program to load :-b
76561198083182769,Recommended,446800,33470102,Posted: 11 July,all,Chans,very good game hours of gameplay
76561197970855923,Recommended,446800,26492920,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,medicalmarijuana,"Great game, it's not a Sid Meier's but it does the trick very well.Well polished, graphics look nice and tons of mods to come.Only downside is that there is no opponent AI/Multiplayer."
76561198055641578,Recommended,446800,33007447,Posted: 29 June,all,slinkymallinky,"Hmmm, gameplay is fun and the first campaign was enjoyable.  The basics are relatively easy to grasp, especially if you've played any of the SimCity games etc.  There are lots of things you can add to your maps, such as farms and poduction plants etc. and you can pretty much put these where you like to build your empire.  Good fun on the whole.However, I am now part way through the 2nd campaign and am struggling already.  1.  There seems to be very little in the way of help or info about how each element of the game works. 2. The time speed of the game is so wonky it makes no sense.  A bus will be driving at what appears to be normal speeds but the timer goes round so fast that weeks have elapsed before it goes from one stop to another.   The trains that need to make 5 trips in a year are taking so long to make one trip that the people on board would be dead from starvation.  Rediculous.  Even in the early 1900s it would not have taken this long for a damn train to cross a bridge and go from one town to another.  I will keep playing but to be honest this aspect has ruined the game for me as it's making it altogether too frustrating."
76561198054575386,Recommended,446800,32781469,Posted: 25 June,all,Lumpi1986,"So, I have to say, with only playing this for two days.. I really have only ONE negative. I can't put it into simple terms but basically, I PERSONALLY have been having issues just making the economical portion work for this game, other than that, I've had a BLAST playing this game!"
76561198299074479,Recommended,446800,33891857,Posted: 29 July,all,Narglefargle,"This game is very addictive.  From a serious challenge to a light sandbox game and all points between--if you like infrastructure management games, I highly recommend it.Also, get the curved stations mod.  It makes things look a lot nicer."
76561197975636204,Recommended,446800,33923977,Posted: 31 July,all,TempusMori,"Just amazing. If you like management games, with okomomi involved - Just go for it.And a lot of mods on this game to :)Can´t get enough of games like this  :D"
76561198003347768,Recommended,446800,33502955,Posted: 13 July,all,tolakram,"I missed the release of this game and discovered it during the steam summer sale.  I would have paid full price had I found out sooner.This is a beautiful game for those, like me, who love simulations.  I am not bothered by lack of AI competition at all and love the sandbox features this game provides.  It's a crime this game hasn't received more marketing in the US.  I've been having fun both playing the game and converting real terrain heightmaps into make custom game maps.Great game for people who like sandbox games, I'm thinking games like Cities Skyline which I thoroughly enjoyed.  This is the best railroad simulation game I've played in years, and I haven't even gotten into boats or planes yet.  If you're on the fence but like builder sandbox games I urge you to watch a few let's plays of the game to see if it fits your style."
,Recommended,446800,33083526,Posted: 1 July,all,juhos3000,After 30 minutes of training. I can say i didnt waste 20 €. This game will be so much fun
76561198027672568,Recommended,446800,33927056,Posted: 31 July,all,Mouse,"Can I give a ""thumbs partially up with a sigh of discontent?""The potential here is substantial but it feels like the devs just slapped it together and called it a day. The tutorial is practically useless and game play is tedius to a point it feels like you are watching an animated Microsoft spreadsheet.Cargo variety and progression are strangely..MMO like? You progress to something bigger and better but in the end you are still doing the same thing. You can haul raw food stuffs to a factory, then haul the processed food to a town, then set up a delivery system. Sounds complex, right? Only you can do this in 1830 and the system is exactly the same when youve played up to 2017, only you are hauling more items, slightly faster.To grow the town you have to haul raw materials to various refineries that are never anywhere near each other and the whole process gets ungodly expensive.The game is ok. Thats all I can say about it. Anyone know if Railroad Tycoon 3 is on Good Old Games? If it is, snag that up."
76561198339209544,Not Recommended,446800,26507235,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,atropatean,Its crashing too much
76561198068471753,Recommended,446800,26506602,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,nick573,"While some people are complaining about crashing issues thats understandable but some people are complaining about the game not being what they expected it to be, i brought the game becuase i actually did reasurch into what it was adding and it's limitations, and quiet frankly i think they have improved upron train fever a tun, like there may be a few graphical glitches but overall a great improvement"
76561198263957139,Recommended,446800,26507199,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jakemine_01,"Its a great game but it lags tooooooo much,you can´t place a bus stop.Please update it."
76561197964478612,Recommended,446800,26490662,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,bjclang,"Great game! Watching trainnetwork work like a train is very mesmerising, enjoying and fulfillling to see. Runs like a charm!"
76561198028336665,Recommended,446800,26569072,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Maddmaxxxxx,It seems that this has some mixed reviews...Well I think this is a great game make you think alot more and there is missions now which gives the game more than just sandbox/freeplay.10/10 in my eyesCheck out my video of the first mission here......https://youtu.be/34BfDbXGWJ8
76561198043401618,Recommended,446800,30312827,Posted: 4 March,all,SickRamen,"A train nerd's wet dreamI played through Train Fever a lot (the game before this one). I enjoyed it despite the massive flaws which could be very frustrating. Countless error messages when laying out rails, impossibility to cross rails, passengers gradually dissapearing from trains etc...Well, what a pleasure to see that everything that was good with Train Fever has been kept in the game, and pretty much everything that was a problem has been improved or fixed. There are still a few bugs here and there but laying out tracks is now a lot easier and you have so much more freedom. You won't find a better current gen transport sim.One could argue that this should have been a free update to Train Fever rather than a separate game. The bug fixes, maybe, but there is so much extra content in Transport Fever that I am really happy to give the devs all my money. Just to cite a few of the extras:*Campaign mode with varied scenarios and optional challenges (it's hard - and I think the last couple of european missions might be bugged - just check how many people got the achievement -  but before I got there it gave me like 30 hours of fun!)*3D mode, you can now take a ride inside your train in first person perspective, a train nerd's wet dream*3 times larger grids, now you can really make a looooong train line.*Boats and planes (their usefulness is very limited but hey, boats and planes)"
,Not Recommended,446800,28133635,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Cyan,"I was honestly a bit disappointed with this game. It's barely any different OpenTTD, but the industries you're supporting begin to flounder and make it feel unprogressive after a while. Not only that but forget playing on a large map and trying to lay tracks across it. The countour system makes it feel needlessly impossible for some trains, not to mention the maintenance costs for them are also rediculous, more so if the industry 'flounders'.Also, long load times for maps feel like an inconvience."
,Recommended,446800,34258311,Posted: 15 August,all,SwissFox,One of the best games ive played of this Genra!I Just love the feel of the game and to watch cities grow around your transport lines!!Keep up the great work lads!
76561197970107621,Recommended,446800,33726297,Posted: 22 July,all,theallmitee1,great logistics game...super fun..im 80+ hours in lol
76561198007848054,Recommended,446800,28355639,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Seyaku-Brad,"This game has the potential to be the next great transport tycoon (locomotion) Its not quite there yet. It gets pretty slow at times and I find starting a map and getting a line(s) going is complete luck depending where the resources are located. Unlike TT where you could start on a city or two and getting people to use it. I bought it, I spent the money I just hope this isnt the end."
76561198089286997,Recommended,446800,28399475,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Drapetamaniac,"A good update of Train Fever, does not feel like a new game.  Aircraft and ships are just eye candy.  Price still isn't bad for the number of hours you will spend playing it.  Looking forward to the updates as there is definite room for improvent.  If you picked this up for half price in a sale it would be a bargain even if they stop development today."
,Recommended,446800,28051987,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Flamboyant GumTree,Love it! hands down best game in it's class
76561198364925828,Recommended,446800,30095438,Posted: 22 February,all,Grandangel79,Love it. One of the logistic game I enjoy.
,Recommended,446800,30113145,Posted: 22 February,all,918 Spyder,Hard but fun
76561198188397853,Recommended,446800,26680669,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,NeTransit,"I do not understand people complaining about how the train lines get the wrong path etc. All those complains sounds more like they haven't fully understood how to play the game. All the tools to make your network work as intented are there. It took me some tutorial videos on youtube to fully understand them but once it's done, you enjoy that ""complexity"" (not really complex though).I have a low-end laptop and didn't have any bug.To me, this game is a better version of Cities in Motion 2 which I already enjoyed. Seeing your towns grow and become more modern (from pedestrians on paved street to modern cars usage on wide street) is an exciting feature. The goods production chain is excitingly challenging, having you wisely laying down highways to connect your industry and make sure the whole chain doesn't break.I love the fact that the game doesn't force you toward one way of playing, you can choose to exclusively transport goods or to exclusively focus on passenger transport if you want to. You can only develop a boat (or planes or rail or bus) network and totally ignore the others. That freedom allows you to play many games that feel like complete difference experiences. And once you are familiar with what transport will be soon be unlocked, it helps you better plan your network and adds more depth. And if you want new challenges, simply switch to the other type of map (either European or American) and the transports will be different.Anyway, endless fun for my coming months (years?)"
76561198135110981,Recommended,446800,30214085,Posted: 26 February,all,Axis,Transport ferver is very beautiful game. It has so much details and stuff to do. You can just relax while your little transport world grows bigger and bigger. I totally recommed this game to simulation game friends and for people who loves beauty.
76561198364460621,Recommended,446800,31099211,Posted: 12 April,all,atomicexplode8899,"This is a really great game!!!! High quality textures, easy to play/understand. Add cool mods!!!! Imagination is your limits in this game!"
76561198224248672,Recommended,446800,31113973,Posted: 13 April,all,setopaco,"There is a bug that in transport fever, when you make a two-track line, then you add the eletric train, but the track became one track line for some reason."
76561198141176747,Recommended,446800,31115666,Posted: 13 April,all,JOHN F KENNEDY,"Good game mechanics, pretty graphics, unbeatable in the transport tycoon genre I think!"
76561197970958711,Recommended,446800,26494409,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kreny,"After some time in game as a big fan of OpenTTD and Trains & Trucks Tycoon:pros:- as in Train fever, I have no clue how to make profitable business :p (tutorials are for loosers). But keep trying. Game looks quite hard, thats good.- pretty nice graphic and details, for example when steam engine accelerate, it produce lot of smoke. When it goes downhill, it smoke just a bit- wonderfull soundtrack- love how tracks are constructed, they looks very real to mecons:- my computer is not the newest but still I would expect a bit more fluent graphics (when moving the map on high zoom). There are also ocasional glitches on graphics so I guess it will be better over time with upcoming patches- game time runs too quickly for me but I guess there will be some mod that will increase year length- UI is a bit weird, for example when I build something in the city (like depot) and then switch to other building, I have still old one shown in the map as previewBut as a whole, it´s great and with brave men from Steam Workshop, it will be a gem!"
,Recommended,446800,26494599,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,el.bombastic.006,"Well here we have it... Transport FeverWe all waited for it like little kids for christmas. I must say that there are some things that I'm sad about (no snap into a straight line, problems with mods), but on the other hand there are things that nicely suprised me (front of the train view). I still think that there still needs to be some work done on the whole gameplay aspect of the game. It's nice that you can now do a lot of cool things with the track like the switches but i think it needs to kind of snap into place rather then have a hard time placing it in. The Technical support is very responsive. With the fact that we now can download mods from the workshop I've thought that modding the game would be without the struggle of the game crashing because you dont have a certain file. I'm having that problem now actually and there's only 5 pages of mods on the workshop.I would still recommend this because i have faith in the devolopers and the community. They are a great bunch.And the game doesnt cost much either."
,Recommended,446800,26494913,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,JorgenRe,"This game is not Transport Tycoon. Neither deluxe or open. It is another game, though to some degree a spiritual sequel.This game is in 3D, it does not have a grid that limits your railroad. Instead it gives more challenge and a much nicer and more real world.Of course the graphics may not be the nicest overall, but you have to remember that this game is played from top down view and you are building lines between cities and around mountains(to some degree more like hills). Therefore the details closeup are not as important, though they have done a great job on the detail of the vehicles!In the end i find the game to be fun and challenging, yes the first part of the game may be a little tedious, but thats just the first part and really it only makes you stronger so you know better what makes the best profit(go simple at first).To those who say this should of been a free upgrade:* Take a look at the immense fixes, two great campaigns with voiceover* New vehicles such as boats and planes* Bug fixes* Optimisations!"
76561197970713685,Not Recommended,446800,28878095,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jacqueline VILLENEUVE,"The game is cool. But really unstable, crashing everytime. So far, i wont recommend it, till it get a propre patch"
76561197985641527,Recommended,446800,26502703,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BenjiMac,"For qanyone who has played Transport Tycoon to death, this game will be largely familiar almost instantly. It looks good, considering the complexity and runs far smoother than Train Fever did. So far, I've encountered no graphical glitches such as the black map that plagued Train Fever and the production chains are compley enough to hold interest.The game presents a solid challenge, very much a walk before you try to run scenario - so you can no longer start by operating aircraft only as you could in Transport Tycoon and every route and construction needs to be costed before comitting, it's very easy to outspend yourself by growing too quickly, but this is as it should be.Not all perfect though, trains seem to have a real problem using alternative routes and sidings and will constantly block each other needlessly by not switching to another available track that leads to their destination, eventually I decided to avoid a lot of micromanagement I would simply run one train per track with no crossover, this is needlessly expensive but freed me up to manage the wider network.It still needs some work and some extra content would be helpful, but I don't hesitate to recommend to anyone that loved TT."
76561198147328376,Recommended,446800,26502518,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Part_Time_Wolf,Very good game. I've expirenced a few minor bugs but they were fixed very quickly.
,Recommended,446800,26526927,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,Not sure where all the negativity is from. This is OpenTTD with 3D graphics and potential for future content updates.
76561198076909160,Recommended,446800,26506481,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,rbarrososj,"Having played almost all games about transportation like TT, Railroad, Transport Giant, Simutrans, Locomotion, etc.... I certainly recommend this game. I think this game has the same potential that TT or Locomotion had to became a future reference. But even though in the present state like this other games it has to evolve, and here I think will be the great challenge for the developers. What will be the course of this game, in this respect, I think Cities Skylines didn't evolve well - yet the modding community had made great progresses -, I have hope that the developers will polish some mechanics and give a better control to the player. But at the same time I'm not so confident.7/10"
76561198051049194,Recommended,446800,30948045,Posted: 4 April,all,nightwriter2,"Great fo find this game. I played Transport Tycoon several years ago. It's great to see a game that follows in that same path, and taken to greater heights."
,Recommended,446800,26635164,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,indigomm,"I feel this is a great game, and a worthy successor to the classic TTD. That's not to say there aren't some niggles, and it could really do with a few more tutorials to teach some of the deeper aspects of what is possible. Those coming from Train Fever are probably familiar with how much of it works, but there are other parts that are a little less obvious and I've only picked up from watching YouTube videos.I did run into one bug in European Campaign 4, but the support team took the time to look at the saved game I sent through and responded quickly to acknowledge it as a known issue and providing a workaround until it is fixed. I firmly believe that whilst every game has some bugs when it is released, it is the quality of the support and the team behind it that sets the best titles apart."
76561198167396992,Recommended,446800,28878864,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dombad_Popo,"I recommend this game, but when I try to load in a new game, it crashes. Ive tried restarting my computer, but it just crashes again."
76561198160112158,Recommended,446800,29200265,Posted: 12 January,all,PopcornZ,It can be a little bit laggy but I still love this game
76561198182296465,Recommended,446800,29169680,Posted: 10 January,all,ragb3224,Very good game
76561198355890043,Recommended,446800,30596829,Posted: 18 March,all,zachforeman210,it wont load after trying to play free game it just kicks me out
,Recommended,446800,27967314,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,klaasnikov,"Hard to start with, but fun when you understand the basics"
76561198010137575,Recommended,446800,27978007,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[CKW] Socom_M1911,Metroliner/10Awesome game. You will get addicted
76561198041733585,Recommended,446800,27950880,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jarthur4707,"This game is awesome. Way better than the first. It still has its share of problems, but the addition of planes and ships, as well as the adjusted economy makes for a much better experience."
76561198027780267,Recommended,446800,27950960,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Porthos,"I think that this game is great! However, it is fussy - and that can be frustrating. Some things to know:- Save often, before you do anything.- The transportation of freight is not intuitive, it is based on demand. Make sure that you understand the supply chain- While I'm sure that the developers could patch this in later, currently there is not a lot of feedback from the game about what is going on- Go slow early on and you will have more money than you could possibly need - but it takes time. 25 years of game time is what I find it takes to have a stable income that allows you to not have to think about money as a limiting factor.- Use signals, if they don't make sense then there are a few good guides that you can find.I mean these comments to help set expectations for people on the fence, I have found that this has been an excelent game for me. Just know what you are getting into - if these are flaws that you can live with then you will have a good time. If these things are going to bother you than stay away, and I really can see why some people have not liked the game."
76561198041156939,Recommended,446800,27960772,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Travis,"It's fun game for while, but can be very hard, and you had to think, but even so, it's can be different profit even one might think it's done right ways, I suspect maintenance fee is bit high while profit is lower gameplay balance, even max profit and full cargo back and forth, sort of, maintenance fee is still higher than profit in some case, not always, but it's still can be done making profit, if you do lot of math stuff and thinking stuff, knew and understand how game mechanics work, if you don't, then it's likely you would failed often."
76561198042665337,Recommended,446800,27990139,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sparky,"For this game I joined the PC master race and I am quite happy about it. It takes a bit time to learn how to start and profit early game. Anycase, if you like the genre you should definately buy this game.I'm not gonna repeat other commenters. I agree with most. I'd just like to share my points:Pros:- workshop items adds a significant depth to game- good execution- does not lag- who does not like trains? or trucks? or ships? or busses.. .you got my point.- quite peaceful to watch things getting done.Cons:- some menus are unnecessarily time consuming. For example if you have 15 truck lines and want to update all Trucks to a newer model you have to repeat the same ****ing thing 15 times.- Access to goods via harbours are quite annoying if their enterance do not face the water side. Ship transports are not as good as it should be... I was never able carry a passanger via ship for instance or the range of harbours are quite disturbing.- I wish there was a better way to distribute goods inside the cities. I mean something like small vans etc. that serve the goods to commercial/indistrial areas from truck stops/train stations/harbours.- Large and mid airports are quite hard to fit to a city."
76561198124844121,Recommended,446800,28411357,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Farrell du Pont-Aven,"This is a splendid game that is both interesting and challenging. You are faced with buulding up your transport empire and this is very rewarding once it is at a complicated and intricate stage. Especially when combined with workshop material, the game is very impressive and the assortment of vehicles and plethora of decisions you can make helps determine this game as one that is polished and pleasing."
76561198279976003,Recommended,446800,27938039,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,el3112lobo,"It's an amazing game, with or without mods. Train Fever was already very good but this goes way beyond what I expected, it's immersive, addictive, fun and ... very ... very beautiful.  If you like transport simulations, you've got to like this one ..."
,Recommended,446800,27966534,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fin434,"I had never heard of this game about two weeks ago and now i already have sveral hours of gametime on it. The robustness patch means i could actually play the tutorial and has served to smooth out fps throughout the game as a whole. While im not to fond of the campaign missions they are easily made up for in the free play, and the range of vehicles is amazing. The best moment I have had playing this game is watching the first Concorde take off and fly around my world at huge speeds while its banks are still realistic. The detail is extreme insofar as that the nose cone on the concorde actually dips down for landing and comes back up after takeoff. this is a great game and i absolutly recommend you get it."
,Recommended,446800,27961552,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,strixus,Pretty good overall but can be hard for new players to get the grasp of. Generally is great other than the difficult learning curve to begin with...
76561198022419276,Recommended,446800,26626876,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,FattyAD,Love it!
76561198108028733,Recommended,446800,26576484,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kamui,Love it! 8/10
,Recommended,446800,26602970,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Xvixx (Andy),"If you want a decent game to suck away the miserable 10's of hours of your miserable life, this is it! You get trucks, trains, trams, planes and boats.1. spam trucks2. add ships3.spam more trucks4.moaaaar trucks4.5 upgrade trucks5 trains time6. go bankrupt because your train didn't earn any monet7. repeat."
76561198197561535,Recommended,446800,26603768,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,dada.zak,"As a long time fan of classic Transport Tycoon I was really looking forward this game. I was dreaming about modern incarnation of classic Transport Tycoon for ages.Right, the cargo chain in TF is very complex and for example introduction of plastic as material in 1850 is funny, as first industrial plastic was invented at 1907.I like graphics (still can't play it in full, but game looks nice to me also on low res), overall physics of vehicles and town management. It would be nice to introduce more map generating option (rivers, lakes, islands, number of industries and town size/distances...), but I like a game as it is. I know team is working on small glitches, but as a final product it's lot of fun for the money. I recommend the game. It's very good effort for independent studio and good step from Train Fever. Well done. Score: 9/10"
76561197968641670,Recommended,446800,26610165,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Atrocious[Kin],A wonderful toybox for any sim fan out there!
,Recommended,446800,26610545,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,sathish,"Having spent hundreds of hours on railroad simulation games, starting with Transport Tycoon, all the way to Transport Fever, I can say that this game indeed is a spiritual successor of the original Transport Tycoon.Here is what I love about the game so far:+ The gameplay is engaging, addictive and very challenging.+ Both the game mechanics and graphics have been improved since its predecessor, Train Fever.+ Addition of Keyboard shortcuts make it quicker to make changes (avoiding mouseitis)+ The industry system is far better developed.+ The modding community is as active as ever, and Steam Workshop makes it easy to add mods to the game+ Better more-intiuitive interfaceHere is what I would like to see in the future service patches- Better vehicle upgrade management and line management (line grouping to handle upgrades?)- Comprehensive map and scenario editor- Ability to see track gradientsThat said, I love the game - I just need some way drag myself away from the computer to get other work done."
76561198007483841,Recommended,446800,26610820,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,=]G[=Lazydaze,Having a good time with this game. The only two things I would like to see is a day/night cycle. I understand that would be kinda difficult cause the months go by so fast. Also it would be nice if when you zoom in and out it would do it on the mouse pointer itself not where you are in the map. All in all this is a fun game it's casual and relaxing. I will be spending a lot more hours in it. I don't see the Devs in the steam discussion forums much ( I haven't been in there that much so if they are more involved with the community than please correct me) but they are keeping us updated on what they're doing and want to know what's going on with the game in the community. I say get it. You'll enjoy it.
,Recommended,446800,26611410,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ledo,"Muh OpenTTD, ♥♥♥♥ off and take a hike you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198053954100,Recommended,446800,26497105,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,NoBull,"Glad i actually pre-ordered this which i almost never do. This is a great game if your into the transportation genre. Clean UI, fairly easy to get the hang of it, takes time to build your company up, great mix of transportation (not just focused on trains), you dont even have to use trains if you dont want to, good resource tree, etc......Graphics are a bit better then train fever, some animations on the people and factories should be improved some, hard to make money when starting in 1850, tutorial is severely lacking but its not that hard to figure it out, trucks need different trails (having the same trailer for all cargo is a bit odd), and my biggest gripe is the long loading screen....all in all great game. Dont pass this one up!"
76561198031657026,Recommended,446800,26497258,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BlackDeath!,"Everything great in Train Fever plus even more! Better graphics, sound, UI, and Gameplay. The game balance is better, They got rid of everything that I was annoyed with about Train Fever and replaced it with AWESOME! If you liked Train Fever enough to play it more than once, This game is for you and it will blow your face off with it's jaw droping awesomness!GET SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197976243257,Recommended,446800,26497324,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mwconcord,Great game i love it.
76561198020357950,Recommended,446800,26526280,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,the fat guy,"first thing first this game is extreamly dificult, but is extreamly fun. before you mash the buy button please be warned this game has glitches/ bugs that need to be fixed , also the loading times are long and the game prone to crashing durring loading screens at least it was for me . personaly even with the bugs i whould give this game a 8/10 defintly worth a buy if you like games like train fever or city skylines."
76561198064206553,Recommended,446800,26496250,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,"I used to play Sid Meier's Railroads quite a bit back in the day. This is a refreshing and much more complex version of that game for me. Production chains wins the day in this one.When I fist booted up the game, I must admit that I was a little turned off by the campaign and I didn't want to go over my refund time of two hours just in case. Not to mention how cheated I'd felt by Train Fever. So I SHUT IT DOWN. But after watching Colonel Failure's YouTube content, I realized the full potential of what I had purchased. So I thought, what the heck, I'll just dive in and hope that I finally had a new transport game to love. Six hours later, I'm glad that I didn't return it. The free play mode is the life blood of Transport Fever.-If You Liked Sid Meier's Railroads... You'll Love Transport Fever!-Of course there's a bit of a learning curve(do the tutorial in game).-I hope you will enjoy this as much as I will this winter."
76561197990052910,Recommended,446800,26496266,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HellbentStorm,"Love it but some functionality is not at all intuitive, e.g. how to colour all vehicles at one time; how to set from Automatic to a set cargo etc.. Easy once you know how but finding out how can be quite tricky."
,Recommended,446800,26598302,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Elusian,"This is my first game from the Fever Series so I'm unable to compare this to Train Fever.When I saw the game I felt in love with the look of it. Has some visual similarities to Cities Skylines and the gameplay looked like the very old Industry Giant from JoWood (1998). So buying this was an easy decision.Pro:- Details for this kind of game- Price- Workshop Modding options (game with active mods do not count for steam achievements!)- a few nice challenge puzzles to solve- short tutorial which is a make or break with an audience with a flies attention span these daysNeutral:- Campaign not even touched yet, I'm too much into the Endless Game mode- Track height adjustments is smth you have to get used to firstCon:- In-game windows not resizable gets quickly annoying when you want to manage multiple lines proper a ""resize"" and ""back to normal"" function would be highly appreciated- the bigger bus stations only deliver ""one-bus-per-lane"" entrance and exit options which causes traffic issues especially when you have the 6 platforms active and 6 lines want to get in and out constantly. Here I hope for modders to address these in the future- minor stuff like I managed to encounter a bridge being unable to delete in one of my games (cant be targetted anymore)If you arent into pure city building like Cities Skylines but rather into transport games and love the visuals and concept behind this you gonna love Transport Fever. It isnt a super accurate simulation but fairly entertaining for hours with lots of replayability aspect to try out different routes on 3 difficulty levels and if you then have time left over ... well, there is the campaign"
,Recommended,446800,26646011,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hidiousclaw,"For those who enjoy all the city sims and especially railroad tycoon many years ago this is certainly a game you can get into. It does take some time to figure out what is going to make you profitable but that is a part of the fun. There is lots of options you can change if you don't feel the default settings fit your style. It is more than just a train sim, you can expand your cities by building roads and help shape them rather than let them go wild. Basically remove your own zoning choice from city builders but expand the transport aspect greatly if you didn't get that by the name. Woould recommend"
,Recommended,446800,26648208,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Geowolf,"I have to admit, at first it seems a lot like train fever, but it's so much more than that. I've enjoyed it for 42 hours now, and I'm far from done with it. Very much recommended!"
76561198035856287,Recommended,446800,26648500,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,zig-zagblue,This game is alot of fun if you are into these types of simulators.
,Recommended,446800,26621035,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,GCBraun,"Do not let the bad reviews scare you. This is the best transportation game I´ve player since OpenTTD. The graphics are so stunning and the track managment so beautiful and simple that it may indeed be the best transportation game ever made. With its high modability, it sure has potential. I am hopelessly addicted to this gem! Highly recommended to every simulation/strategy freak!"
76561198094837019,Recommended,446800,26621425,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,*****,This is the - modern - upgrade to OTTD that I've been waiting for. Love the gameplay and graphics quality.Haven't really figured out yet how to make airport as profitable as railroads.
76561198007363578,Recommended,446800,26500233,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rushalot,"Starting the game gets me to the menu page. But thats it as the mouse will not scroll over to the menu side off the screen. This means i can not use the menu or even exit the game. i also can not scroll to the bottom of the screen. Changed resolution a number of times and reinstalled a number of times, still no luck. Stop the press, this issue has been solved."
76561198296160090,Recommended,446800,26508821,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,sevotastic,The best game in history honestly Its soo good i give this 1 googol/1 googol :)
76561197960342081,Recommended,446800,26531289,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jaws,"In the 90s I spent hundreds of hous playing Transport Tycoon, it is probably the game I spent the most amount of time with. Ever.Now, here comes along Transport Fever (I never player Train Fever) and upen viewing the first trailer it immediately felt familiar. Playing this for three days now feels like a time capsule. Only with (of course) far better graphics and sound. They really nailed the feeling of the classic transport simulator.Yes, you can complain a bit about the performance and there are some areas with the UI that could use some polish and optimization but these are minor complaints.But take your time with it and learn how it works before you turn away."
,Recommended,446800,26535678,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ssoele.be,"Very good successor to Train Fever, really can't het enough of it."
,Recommended,446800,26536276,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,👉 👌 Peanutcat 👉 👌,It's fun
76561198006639454,Recommended,446800,26539706,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,roon3808,"Great game, can be as simple or as complex as you choose to make it. It's quite challenging, and sadly some reviewers are giving it a thumbs down because they don't understand the underlying concepts."
76561197989327715,Recommended,446800,26492386,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Langeveldt,"Great stuff.  Like TTD for today.  Looks and plays beautifully, with incredible detail.  I love how you can see individual people, even sitting down in the train carriages.  The vehicles are modelled beautifully.  It really looks amazing, especially with the in-vehicle view.The only obvious negative is that there is no AI compteition.  It feels a bit empty without and it would have been a great addition to get some AI involved."
76561198109363999,Recommended,446800,26701169,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,=7Cav=SPC.Graves.K,"This game is addicting. After some early frustration with the supply chain system I was ready to toss this one back to the void, but once everything clicked it was awesome. Tutorial doesnt really tell you about much so you are on your own to figure a lot of it out. Really enjoyable, just dont start at 1850...11/10 would steam engine again."
,Recommended,446800,26496263,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,paratr00pr,"It is an amazing game albeit with some release bugs. If you loved any of the other transportation tycoon game like TTD or Simutrans you'll definitely love this. The level of detail is staggering, the reflection of the trains, sounds like the brake squealing from trains will make you like this game.Pros- Good graphics something rare in this genre- Attention to detail- Making profits is hard and thus challenging- Mod support already looks good- Love the way you can model the terrain while making tracks (If you disagree then you are using the build tool incorrectly, just connecting things end to end is not how to use it)- FUNCons- Some bugs during release (Black terrain, crashes etc issues which have workarounds if you look at the discussion page)- Few industry chains to work with- UI can be improved (I hate the window boxes opening at places hiding their close button)- Make stations more flexible/better- Needs more complex signalling for tracks- FPS drops while construction/destruction- Update the model for Airport- Don't like the freight docks and the way they workOverall I would still recommend this game because the cons are mostly small issue which will eventually be patched up or modded. Definitely buy for people who like Tycoon genre of games."
76561198002275398,Recommended,446800,26502358,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,scoose08,"This game has so much potential, but in its current state I would call it early access at best. So many bugs I really don't know where to start, the game is not stable at all one minute everything is flying along the next it takes 2 minutes to get your cursor from one side of the screen to the other and this is random not just when you do a certain thing.My advice would be to save your money untill the game is fixed, I wanted to recommend this game as when it does work it is fun, but £20+ for a game that doesn't work properly is not worth it. If the game gets fixed I will change this to a recommend.Edit.Changed this to a recommend now that the majority of crashes and bugs have been sorted out, well done Dev's."
,Recommended,446800,26551496,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Enkde,"This is one of a kind masterpiece games since Transport Tycoon/OpenTTD era.The details and care of this game makes me to play for a very long time once i start it... I remember for the first time when Train Fever was released and i had at first time a strange feeling, but after few days i was playing it very hard and i remember also how amazed i was by the game graphics. It was a unique sensation. And with time, more updates made the game more enjoyable,What i would like to see on this game is a headquarters construction option, a dynamic weather system, including winter and a day/night cycle... it would make the game a real succes.Even if are few glitches in the system game and transportation, i think these will be fixed very soon and the developers will extend the game features.This is a must have game for any persons who is addicted to this kind of games."
,Recommended,446800,26558047,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Get Jiggy With it,"Compared to Train Fever, A much better game especially when it used to completely lag out at the start of each month. Plus the fact that you can start in any year when previously you could only start in 1850 till you reached 1900 then 1950 ect."
76561198329802055,Recommended,446800,28152963,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Logcal500,this game is very fun butmore challenging
76561197966568064,Recommended,446800,26596650,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bie,"Enjoyable transport sim where it is your task to ferry goods and people around the map.A definite improvement over the mediocre Train Fever. Though more of a evolution than a revolution. The look and feel are quite the same with some minor improvements. Towns and cities now feel a lot more lively. You can really see the hustle and bustle of a busy town center, akin to a game of Cities Skylines. The countryside is less animated and very sterile though. The user interface has also been touched up a little, but is still a bit lacking.The main enjoyment is to build a fully functional network and to watch the towns grow. Tinkering with railways to make them just a little bit more efficient is always fun and rewarding.In all a decent attempt to keep the transport sim genre going. Be warned though, this game is quite difficult to start off with, even on easy. One badly planned line might see you spiralling down to bankruptcy. Recomended that you begin with passenger lines, because the freight/industry system is quite mysterious to say the least."
76561197974732843,Recommended,446800,26695418,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,unzarjones,"Did not like Train Fever at all. Couldn't get into it, unfriendly, unintuitive. This game is like the expanded polished version of TF. More fun than I thought it would be. Watching the stagecoaches race the train to the station and the towns grow into cities is very cool. Turning out to be a great city builder-logistics-strategy-miniature model type game."
76561198018639311,Recommended,446800,26713211,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lord Umber,"Very enjoyable if your even slighlty into Tycoon or transport style games. The graphics are very nice, with good vehicle models and large expansive maps (procedurally generated).  The game also activley encourages modding support, which has led to many different mods being available through the workshop and I can only imagine that the catologue of mods will  increase as time goes on. My one recomendation to anyone interested in the game is to firstly play the tutorials laid out in the game, but to also watch some youtube videos and read forums to get advice on the best ways to perform certain actions such as with production chains. As sometimes these process are not always explained and can result in frustration when your production chain seems to be getting nowhere.Apart from that it is an excellent game and very enjoyable if you take the time to learn how to play it.Happy Transporting"
76561198097557709,Recommended,446800,26715434,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Morthdread,"Greetings, I rarely write reviews but I feel that this game has suffered a lot of unjustified  bad press so I will make a exception...1st I must stress that most bad review I red where inaccurate, outdated and some are downright dumb.People complaining about lag... Yes there is a annoying lag at the end-of the month... Not a game breaker just a slight annoyance that I have very often seen in simulation games. Yes it could use optimization but it is still very playable and enjoyable and that is the opinion of a guy who despises lag and is running the game on a average rig (i5, 3.4g, 8gig RAM, GeForce GTX-760 2gig).Other people are complaining that the game is broken because their trains don't get loaded... I believe this to be mostly due to the lack of understanding of how the production chains work. Al-tho I have seen some instances where I was hard put to figure out why my trains were not loaded. Most of the time I could fairly easily figure out why.To keep this short, I have been playing computer games for over 34 years and economic simulations are my favorite games. I find Transport Fever to be totally on part with its counterparts and one of the best I have played. So don't be scared off by the trolls, do like I did, simply give it a chance and request a refund if you don't like it...Hope this helps."
,Recommended,446800,26613471,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,MadDog1169,"Having had very little problems so far - but of course the performance issues occuring  - and some things like i would see changed (e.g. Changing Loadouts of ships outside the depoits and load multiple materials on the respective ship class simultanously being the most useful, same fpor trains be nice but at least here you can just take on different cars to accomodate) the game itself is fun, visually awesome and the Music is worth the price alone - a cudos to the Musician(s) - awsome tracks keep some more of those tracks coming and added :)"
,Recommended,446800,26617594,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kermit The Frog,I like trains.This game has a lot of trains and it works well.  Some quirks though which annoy others at times.
76561198007251867,Recommended,446800,26617945,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Harlhnif,Simulation at its finest. Hard and slow to master but extremely rewarding. Not for everyone
76561198008197857,Recommended,446800,26622027,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Evil08,"WOW love it if you take your time and play some quick learning games first then hit HARD, it Rocks once you master placing the terminals for each transport option and where the items need to go its easy and a challenging game at the same time my only suggestion is read the contents that each vehicle can carry I blew a few good games by buying ships to multi task when their only tankers. Would love air frieght options."
76561198008915860,Recommended,446800,26651831,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,timbono5,"This is a really fantastic game! Loads of fun building a transport infrastruture for ever expanding cities. Loads of trying to work out solutions to problems and thinking long term with every decision. The best way to play it is on sanbox ""free game"" mode. I really didn't get into the scenarios.The only issues I have with the game have been recognised by the developers and are being fixed. Game can get a bit laggy late on and the production chains are a bit tempremental. A few other little problems but nothing too major. I think this game has a very bright future."
76561198083260567,Recommended,446800,26603347,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,davidcmp07,"Takes a while to fully understand all the mechanics, but great game. Lots of fun."
,Recommended,446800,26607660,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,anemesh,"just great, I've been missing this type of game"
,Recommended,446800,26608952,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ghoffman,Amazing Game
,Recommended,446800,26611308,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jfullernz,"Addictive game, but I have found a number of medals aren't being achieved when requirements have been met.For example, USA mission 1 - I completed the route on Jan 1874, and the medal is complete by May 1874, I completed the map but yet the medal was not earned? Another example is USA Mission 2 - Fill to Capactity medal, where you are required to transport at least 70 passengers to munroeville in one trip, I transported 116, they all offloaded but no medal.Please look into this as it defeats the purpose of trying for a perfect gameplay if these are not working."
,Recommended,446800,26598431,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Jagen Zielen,"Its just plane fun and relaxing!Train Fever was fun but this is Funtastic!I just wish I could find a way to send a plane to Zurich with all my ingame i'll gotten loot.Most of the complaints are coming from people that have turned up the settings too high for their PC to handlei7-6700k @4.8ghz, 16gb Ram, EVGA GTX 1070 SC @2100mhz Core 9200mhz memPlaying this game at 1440p resolution my game never drops below 25fps with max settings.You can't expect a 5 year old system to handle new games as games 5 years ago were less demanding.I give this game 4/5 for less than 1 week old and stability.BTW I paid for the game too!"
76561198019929427,Recommended,446800,26606924,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Unclius,"Ill make it short and simple...> Game Feels complete but has minor bugs that could be touched up> Some balancing wouldnt hurt but the game is perfectly playable as in> Kinda has a big learning curve when you dont go through the campaign (I just into a generated map and it took me forever to figure out the first thing I needed to do was just have transport between towns as a starting buisness)> Mods obviously will make this game great, it hasnt been out long and theres some really good mods out for it already.The game has a bright future, aslong as the devs dont abandon it."
,Recommended,446800,26618856,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Brianetta,"I'm an old Transport Tycoon player (before the Deluxe edition even), and this game makes me very, very happy indeed. Runs a charm on Linux, too."
,Recommended,446800,26650111,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,oink535uk,Really great step forward from Train Fever and would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys this genre of game. Not found any issues thus far but people shouldn't be as surprised as they are for a week old release to have at least a couple of bugs.Good to read the post release info asweel.
76561198030434029,Recommended,446800,26523788,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dzekins,I personally like the game. Its not the best but definitely not the worst this kind of type game out there.
76561198098332961,Recommended,446800,26612366,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Noot Noot,Is very fun once you get the hang of the game play.
,Recommended,446800,26630093,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,lllHellCatlll,"Pro(+)-Many Transport unit-Nice texture-Dynamic City-Good Chain of production-I can wasp while playing this game!Con(-)-Need a lot more of optimization ( FPS drop a lot while I drawing a rail line!)-some annoy bug ( Like I can't upgrade or destroy station because it say "" Collision "" -*- )"
,Recommended,446800,26493179,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rugerlasting,Game is fine for what it is but if your looking for something like transport tycoon deluxe move along these arent the transport games your looking for. I personal thought the game play was meh without competion so free play stinks might as well play the missions. The transport connections for rails and roads is quick connects so plan short drag and drops until you get your desired path. So if your looking for a game to idle by your day as you watch a movie or do your homework this one is perfect. Graphics are good my only complaint is that in the 1850 the towns dont look 1850 and does everything have to be a mid america map is that going to be a dlc ocean pack. Ill recommend it but im not thrilled over it there price should of been lower for what they given. Almost forgot the best part your can ride in the front of the train and fall asleep in your chair if you get to bored.
,Recommended,446800,26495592,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Haixys,"In case you know Train Fever:Transport Fever is an evolution from Train Fever. There is no huge change in gameplay or game mechanics, however, passenger destinations and cargo routes have beed updated, as well as station and track building (a real godsend.) I would say that these things, plus the addition of air and water transport, make it worth to use your discount and get this one.In case you didn't know Train Fever:Transport Fever is -kind of- Transport Tycoon 2016. If you liked it, or OpenTTD, you will love this one. Graphics are outstanding, and gameplay -if it is similar or better than Train Fever- is a lot of fun, including two different interesting campaigns. 10/10 recommended!The only bad thing for me -and it's a big one, hope they fix it- is loading time. My mod-free game takes 7:40 minutes loading on an 8GB PC!! So make sure you have something else to do meanwhile."
76561198120549203,Recommended,446800,26515941,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,brianclark2005,I watched the early play of this game when it was in beta on Youtube and I must say it impressed me with its business like immersion theme. I don't understand why some ppl could not run this game on fairly good spec machines. Mine is middle of the road and it runs just fine on it. It took me a couple of days to get my head around this game but once I did I got well and  truly hooked on it. So far I have not been able to leave it alone. If you like this type of game then go for it.
,Recommended,446800,26524444,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,kapardhi.chittella,"I have been a fan of Train Fever, everything I wanted that was missed in TF is in Transport Fever, love the game! Thanks Dev's..! Of course it's a release build, lots of bugs, but I'm sure the dev's are working on it and get it fixed soon, after a couple of builds the game'll be even more interesting! Definitely recommend!!"
76561198037706247,Recommended,446800,26537247,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kerry121,"Fun game, wish they had more support to help answer some basic questions.  For instance how to keep production up and what causes it to drop to 0 and stay there.  There are a few mission that seem to just drop production to 0 or 2 items a year which keep you from finishing the mission."
76561198043287795,Recommended,446800,26603570,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BrennanW,"I am loving Transport Fever! The track building tools are great, the way cargo moves through industries is great, and It is a REAL CHALLENGE - Even at Easy, making money is difficult, and takes planning and disclipine to make work! I love all the new mods that are constantly being released."
76561198005687135,Recommended,446800,26606154,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mark16642,"This game really is fantastic. If management and strategy if your kind of games then you will love this. It really is a great follow up to transport Tycoon.The negative reviews seem rather silly (technical issues, silly expectations of the genre). If you are looking at the reviews to see if this game is worth buying i would say it is definitely. Nice game to waste the hours away."
76561198066954800,Recommended,446800,26623146,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,1Incubus,"Not an easy game to play, nor an easy game to put down. For those coming from its predecessor (Train Fever), Transport Fever will be a welcomed upgrade - and one heck of an upgrade it is.First of all, it's not a perfect game. Late game there are some performance issues, some glitches, some crashes (save, always save), and other minor problems. However, the developers are fully devoted to the game and not only updating the game but also openly communicating with the community.Secondly, if you haven't had any experience from the previous game, be warned now that there's a steep learning curb. The tutorial won't be enough! Just watch some YouTube videos and acquaint yourself with the game play. Also, try ""easy"" game play first. Even on easy, it's not easy!But once you get through the first hurtles you'll understand why so many people enjoy this game... and why reviews are mixed as well.If you're planning to get this game as a ""casual"" type of game or something to just rev up and go, you'll be disappointed. But if you want something to spend lots of time with, learn from, fail and fail, succeed, maybe even sweat and cry a little (not to mention rage from time to time), also a game that has a fervently devoted community, then get the game! And welcome to the community!"
76561198006948049,Recommended,446800,26493788,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mr.Grim,I must say i first was hesitant to get this game cause i remember how laggy train fever was but this game has turned out pretty good i get no lag alot more options and details in the game. i have not tried the campaign yet but i probably will once im tired of sandbox mode.I would definetly recommend this game to ppl who like management & transport games.
76561198170058647,Recommended,446800,26494101,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Omelet12,"Love the game and how it plays takes some time to learn some aspects like signals (i wish there was a tutorial on it) but never the less the game is a great buy. Also the Environment in the maps i lloaded is usuallybarren with few trees which gave me the idea that i can make my own forests, it llowed me to make the game as environmentally pleasing to look at as well as change. That's one of the small details I spend so much time enjoying."
,Recommended,446800,26496590,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Yzaazy,Love the game.Tho there can be some tweeks the devs can do. Because its not fully utilizing my pcs power it still runs good.Love the game play. Campaign feels good. You really need to step back and think stuff through. If you want all them medals.I give it a 7/10 because of the lack of optimization. Otherwise a solid fun title.
,Recommended,446800,26715261,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BlackStarr911,are a few bugs in it that need to be fixed but none that are game breaking
76561198164012627,Recommended,446800,26708438,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RavingRacer13,GREAT GAEME !!!!!
76561198079143810,Recommended,446800,31245783,Posted: 19 April,all,mgcwilton,"As a HUGE fan of the Transport Tycoon Franchise I read a lot of reviews before buying this.I can assure all out there, contary to some of the other reviews, THIS IS TRANSPORT TYCOON! - Only more realistic!There are some differences however, some for the better, some for the worse.BETTERModifications - I have just found the Steam Workshop, and there are some really good mods in there, although I am yet to try any out!Graphics - Not really much to say here, its what you would expect for a 2016 game designed for a moderate spec PC (I have a 2.66 Quad core, 2GB GPU and 16GB Ram) Played in highest graphics setting - no issues so far.Detail - By this I mean, the intricate detail in which you can design a railway - You could replicate real-life stations, depots, lines etcRouting - The ease at which it is to route your vehicles is much better than any TT game. Instead of manually setting each vehicle, you set a 'line' and set each vehicle to a line - much as you would expect from a real-life transportation companyVehicles - Although the total number of vehicles is only 120ish, there are some proper classics. I mean actual classics inc Flying Scotsman, and Mallard, and the Horse and Cart!. Yes I know the FS and Mallard were in TT, but under a different name. This is FIFA compared to PES of old - More on vehilces in the Worse sectionTimeframe - The free play game starts from 1850, which means the days of horse and carts -Brilliant! Gives a proper feel of the rapid progress throughout the victorian age.Scenarios - Although I have only completed the first two European scenarios, these were very well designed, and centred around actual engineering feats of the 19th centuary! The second of which was reasonably challenging (for a second mission), and there are a couple of medals I didn't get so there is some re-playablity there too.Roads - The road system is infinately better than TT, a proper station which can take upto 4 routes and never had any problemSupply chains - IMPORTANT you need to create a complete supply chain in order to make a route profitable - this is where it is much more realistic, and much more difficult than TT.Finances - This is much, much harder to make profit than in TT. In the second scenario, I was barely breaking even. But that was due to attempting to acheive the goal, which wasn't about profit. But I can imagine the rapid wealth build-up in TT is a dream in this game. Seems much more realistic.WORSEVehicles - This won't impact you until later in the game, and I haven't encountered this yet, but there does seem to be a lot lacking in the vehicles, especially in the more modern era i.e. 1980-present. While contintal European trains are well provided for, and the British Classics, modern British trains are somewhat non-existent. I'd love to see the Intercity 125, and the Virgin Voyager & Pendelino. Ships are lacking, no modern cruise liners, or High speed ferries. As are planes, 737, 757 and A320 are only examples of Bowing and Airbus, very disappointing. Hopefully this will improve. EDIT - There are some mods in the Steam Workshop, so I have found the 125 :)Signals - The signals work the same, but there is no direction indicator on the track for one-way. I had a broken line and took me 10 mins to track down the problem (signal was on the wrong adjacent track).Lack of overtaking - My 12mph horses kept getting stuck behind my 9mph ones, causing a backlog at my (truck) stationsProfitable routes - It is difficult to judge how profitable a route will be before embarking on it. There doesn't seem to be the same income charts that are in TT, so I'm not sure how income is calculated in this.Ships - Seriously lost guys! The second scenario has a medal for transporting 100 goods by ship. No idea, tutorial did not cover ships, couldn't build a harbour anywhere near to where I needed them either.Tutorial - Very basic, only covers road and rail. No ships or airplanes.Routing - DO NOT USE AUTOMATIC CARGO - this has caused me all sorts of issuesThis is not a comprehensive review by any stretch, and is based on an afternoon's play. But suffice to say, this is an exceptional game dispite its few annoyances, and it can only get better!!N.B. I have only played the first two scenarios - so this is not a complete review."
76561197972300323,Not Recommended,446800,30997779,Posted: 7 April,all,Bio Lump,When it works it's a great game. Unfortunately buggy as hell pathfinding can mean your mission fails purely because two trains cannot figure out they should take the two paths right next to each other rather than sitting forever and just never moving.Have that make you fail a mission a few times and... well it makes it hard to recommend the game.
76561198010142890,Recommended,446800,28322768,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ste,"This game is so addictive, it is kind of like a DLC expanasion for Train Fever however. Train Fever was basically the pre alpha/funding for this, If you bought this do not buy Train Fever too. I do recommend if you bought Train Fever and like it to buy this though as its a much improved version.Graphics are great, lots of attention to detail, the trains are very detailed and get rusty as they get older, cities and everything evolve over time and you can shape and grow them by providing better serices. Trains, trams, buses, boats, planes,Once you have the basics its one of those games you can spend hours just building and building."
,Not Recommended,446800,32309861,Posted: 9 June,all,OBookman,"This game promised so much and could not deliver... It is really sad. I sat down to play it hoping for it to be as good as Transport Tycoon instead I got a clunky game, bad controls, mediocre graphics and horrible UI..."
76561198047134587,Recommended,446800,27528392,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,yellow,"After the recent ""usability"" patch gained a bit more polish. Short summary:Good:- game just looks great- vehicle camera is very nice feature- core gameplay is solidNeutral:- no multiplayer nor AI- requires some time getting used to mechanics after years of playing TTD&Simutrans- airplanes only make sense on very large mapsBad:- ships are not very usefull, navigable rivers are rare on generated maps- default truck stations are terrible and prone to jamming- no way for trains to select free platform- platform & line assigments sometimes randomly switch unless all lines are enforced by waypoints- cargo routing works in mysterious ways- placing tunnels is tricky- savegame sizes are huge, reaching 200-300mb per file is common"
,Recommended,446800,26496401,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Jecah,"Loving it. Note, you need to be of competent intellect. This isn't for the simple minded (hence, the mixed reviews).- The supply/demand system is straight forward and fun.  It works nicely as a chain.  Demand generates supply, not the other way around.  The factories wont produce anything if there's no one to use it.  I find this gameplay really fun as I try to find why my transport systems are bleeding cash.- The graphics are just stunning. Sometimes I just watch a train go along and admire it.- The campaign is fun for those who like immersion.  They take you through historical events - the gold rush, building panama canal, Detroit's industry boom, etc.  I felt like I was participating in history and really enjoyed the campaign.  I hope they add more missions like this.My Computer:- i5 6600k overclocked to 4.7 ghz- SSD- nVidia GTX 1080 overclocked to 2100 mhz"
76561198044470236,Recommended,446800,31612851,Posted: 7 May,all,Snowbird 3D,"It works perfect for me, if you like building and city management."
76561198070240715,Recommended,446800,26497018,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,lewisthefirefighter_999_112,"i notesed that this game has a bug where if you load it up for the furst time and don,t put it to low graphics mode when you load a new game all you get is wight this is a bug i had and i solved it buy puting my game on to low graphics mode and i am puting it up bit buy bit to see what my game can handell so if you found this bug go to settings and put the game on low mode and take it from there this game is worth the money so dont be put off it buy this bug i hope thay will fix it soon"
76561198048943063,Recommended,446800,33878431,Posted: 29 July,all,claptan,"Transport Fever is the game I dreamed of for a long time. If you like trains (but not only trains, also ships and planes and trucks) and simulation, it is a very good game.I also liked the campaign, however not all scenarios are interesting.Another positive aspect is, that there are major updates for free."
76561198047424527,Recommended,446800,30715465,Posted: 24 March,all,spookyrambo,It's like Transport Tycoon Delux but 1000 time better and more fun
76561198318902128,Recommended,446800,28720455,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,extremegaming344,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198053712085,Recommended,446800,31049252,Posted: 9 April,all,bluetoothtoothbrush,"If you like Transport Tycoon, you will love this game."
,Recommended,446800,31004725,Posted: 7 April,all,Slick,Worth the money for sure
76561198020799006,Recommended,446800,34126309,Posted: 9 August,all,cszolee79,"Great fun, a spiritual successor to Transport Tycoon.Performance is a but hm though, in late game large maps it slows down to well under 30fps even with a relatively powerful rig (3770K/GTX970) but it's playable."
,Not Recommended,446800,33243057,Posted: 4 July,all,TinyPower,Just download OpenTTD. It's free with better gaming experience.
76561198215974844,Recommended,446800,26608334,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,darthyoda22,This game is really amazing would recomend it to anyone who can but it. I have not had any problems with crashing but I am still in early game. The modding community is really amazing and most of the mods are very good. One thing I do not like is how slow most of the boats are. They go like 16 mph even in the 90's! All the vehicles and their graphics are very good. I haven't tried airplanes but they look fun. I would suggest this game to anyone who likes simulation games.
,Recommended,446800,29366256,Posted: 19 January,all,ptrapp,I have read top 50 reviews and am   surprised at the spectrum of for and against.First off you are comparing apples to oranges.I play and love tycoon games. This game is in a class of its own.The work required to make it. Is worth every penny i spent on this game.It takes a lot of patience to get it running to a profit.The campaign I'm currently on i have 3 tracks with 4 trains per going to 2 stations one is a multi platform and works well with multiples trains going to it.Only issue i can say i am having is terrain conflicts with upgrades to buildings.Over all i give this wonderful work 9/10Thank you for reading this.
,Recommended,446800,31423401,Posted: 28 April,all,IroynArrow,"Really fun management game. Makes me feel like an old dude playing with his toy trains. Recommended if you are into simulation / management games.You get to transport people and goods using cars, trams, trucks, trains, ships and aircraft from 1850 to ????. People will go from city to city, but goods will only be produced and moved when there is a demand. So connect industry which produces raw material to industry which produces finished goods and connect that one to a city.Laying tracks can get a bit frustrating sometimes, when the game gives errors related to the slope or angle of the track, but there are some tricks to get around those.Mods disable achievements, so I havent tried those yet, but the community has made a lot of good mods.Ignore the screenshots for this game on the store page. These are all zoomed in and most of the time you will be playing zoomed out. The game does look pretty."
,Recommended,446800,31129436,Posted: 13 April,all,PooperDooperGuy,"Quite nice, and the price is justtt right.For those who are looking for a truthful, non exagerated review, look over here.Pros:1.There are lots, and lots of vehicles you could choose from (trains, trams, buses, planes, ships etc. etc.)2.elegant UI (user interface for the laymens out there)3.super duper good railway/roadway placement algorithms (realistic curves, bridges, tunnels)4.you can easily use methods of micro-management in-game that will make you say ""meh"" for the rest of the session5.why so many pros???Cons:(No personal issues will be addressed since its up to whether your skills are good or not) (and your gaming rig too, if you have a toaster playing transport fever, then don't address your performance issues in the reviews, cuz it won't help with the judgement if the person who reads the review has an overkill computer)1.unavoidable performance issues (I know, I know that I shouldn't be addressing this but come on! This affects every computer!)When you lay a very long stretch of track, your game will lag like crazyyy2.line options are limitedLikeee when you try to build an 8 track train station, you cannot choose, for example, what track will the train stop at??? And thats a MAJOR problem since now I ain't gonna be able to use the full capabillity the station has to offer3.meh camera controls(Self explanatory)4.planes are jerksThey operate on the least amount of distance route not the least amount of *time* which is the most important darn thing ever in this gameSooo I guess thats it! After of course, typing this on a phone in a supermarket.I hope this will be useful for y'allSincerely,A noob who likes to write nooby reviews"
,Recommended,446800,28110151,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Da Fix IT,"If you like trains, just get this game. There's calm soothing satisfaction that comes with setting up and watching your rail network just do its thing. Still has the most realistic track building I've seen in a game. You can't just build tracks straight up a mountain, you have to pay attention to slope and turn radius all of which impact the speed of your trains.To be fair this is more of a refinement of Train Fever, which I spent way too much time playing, rather then an innovative sequel. Transport Fever fixes most of my gripes with its predecessor, while introducing a few new modes of transport. The graphics really look the same, and I suspect theres some optimizations still needed.My only real gripe is the American Campaign. It doesn't seem like the devs have spent much time in america, as the entire west is protrayed as a giant desert full of outdated, somewhat racist indian jokes and other western stereotypes. The whole connect east and west scenario has already been done to death by earlier railraoding games like Railrood Tycoon anyway.Euro campaign is off to a great start however and I am Enjoying it."
,Recommended,446800,29426235,Posted: 22 January,all,M Thtchr Bby Sntchr,This game is finnicky but good if you are willing to learn its quirks; it can't be argued that the gameplay couldn't use some severe optimization though.
76561198031298596,Recommended,446800,29407996,Posted: 21 January,all,Andy,Thanks to the robustness patch this has become a great game to play.
76561197971692751,Recommended,446800,33247697,Posted: 4 July,all,Delle(DK),"The game is a Beautifull ""history lesson"" about how transport people and cargo have evolved the last hundreds of years.Depending if you play a scenari/capaign or just sandbox and you start in the 18th centru then you will start with horse cards and steam trains, and when you reach middle 19th century you get your first diesel train and airplanes.Oh i forgot to say there are also cargo and passengers ships.The game is beautifull made and the maps are much larger than the previous game.All in all i like this game more.What you do in the game world effect how the city and industrys evovle arround you, and the buildings will also change apperance and value as time goes by.The game can be a bit hard to get into and have a good economy but once you learn it then anything is possible.But be aware as times change you will need to upgrade and retire some vehicles.Lucky the game have an ingame system that allow you to replace example all vehicles in your ""line"" here and now, or individual once they reach their life time. You can also sell all vehicles in one line if you want.The routing system is really well done. Every route you make have its own colour, so it dosent really matter if you call it route a-b or anything like that... just move the mouse over the routes you have and it highlight it it is very easy and a good design.I think that some people will find this game like a ""long"" game to play, it do take some time go evovle from steam trains into electric trains ect. but you can if you play sandbox choose different years example 1950 and start from there if you like.All in all i like this game, and it remind of of ""Trains and truck tycoon"" but more advanced and with better grahpics.( actual regarding 3dtt trains and trucks tycoon, it was plannet to make a numbe 2 game with ships and planes BUT due to law suiet and allot of stuff then the game was never further developed ). But this game i say is a good replacement.Personaly what i like to see in this game or in a transport fever 2 game, would be a stock market, and ability to buy and build industry buildings... And I would like to buy the powerplant and setup an electric system and earn a little more money that way ect. Also would be intersting if we could build hotels near stations and such things."
,Recommended,446800,27556071,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VanillaPCStrategy,"This is a slightly reserved recommendation for this game. It has a steep learning curve and is definitely not an economic simulation similar to that of Transport Tycoon, Railroad Tycoon, or similar games of the past.However if you love trains and are willing to take the time and effort to learn how the economic simulator of this game works - it's unique to me - it's actually really fun and engrossing. There are a few bugs here and there, mostly minor. The worst of the problems from release were cleared up very quickly with a patch and I think it's reasonable to expect the remaning issues to clear up before too long.I played Train Fever at release and it was a real mess. I don't know how it ended up, but I do know that Transport Fever is far better than Train Fever ever was while I still played it. It's definitely a fun game and if you like a slow-paced thoughtful railroad simulation you should give it a try. Just be ready to head to the forums or subreddit for help if you want to get past easy difficulty."
,Recommended,446800,29424752,Posted: 22 January,all,Muumipappa,A very creative and a fun game to play but from what i've seen its basically an expansion pack or an update for the game released in 2014.
,Recommended,446800,27622087,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,harm27,A really fun game with a lot of management working.
76561198039071218,Recommended,446800,30187683,Posted: 25 February,all,GoatMutt,"Don't be fooled by the trains and all, 3/4ths of the time your filthy villagers will prefer busses for travel between towns. Otherwise a great bus tycoon sim with fancy alternative transport options.(Trains are good for cargo I guess)"
,Recommended,446800,33945629,Posted: 1 August,all,[KG] Virgil [A][TRO],"The game is lit! It can be hard at first, but overall if you enjoy these types of games, it is surely a game worth purchasing. I just wished there was a sandbox mode you can play in, where you have unlimited money. But I definitely recommend this game for purchase!"
76561197986199124,Recommended,446800,33978537,Posted: 2 August,all,38,"This game has a great ""transportation tycoon"" feel to it and THAT was a great game and the developers have made an amazing next generation to it.Pros:Great detail on trains buildings and objectsDynamic city growthCan create an extremely intricate and detailed transportation networkMod baseCons:No starting or closing of industries (to be fair I have not played THAT much yet)USA is basically the MidwestLimited number of vehicles (transportation tycoon had TONS!)"
,Recommended,446800,32348504,Posted: 11 June,all,Rob,A very unique game. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,446800,27516771,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Android  4.2,A Game for someone:- who loved Train Fever/ wanted a better Train Fever- who loved OpenTTD- who wants to have a Transport Tycoon with a challenge- who wants to have a Transport Tycoon that looks nice- who wants to have a Transport Tycoon with mods and Steam WorkshopIt has its faults and bugs but is overall a very nice and pleasing to look at Game.
76561198032443570,Recommended,446800,26555262,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MBUS / Mike,also scrolling nach rechts funktioniert zumindest bei mir so gut wie nie.......!
76561198010056526,Recommended,446800,33175292,Posted: 3 July,all,Dave,Its like transport tycoon but..better whats not to love.
76561198122697670,Recommended,446800,33190221,Posted: 3 July,all,JakWarrior,"This game is fabolous, it's reminding me to the old famous TTD in 1995 by Chris Sawyer. The game is so relaxing and has a decent graphic also simple UI for the management. I recommended this game."
76561197998966343,Recommended,446800,27139012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saviliana,"Train Fever with more transport vehical, and more industry. Why not?"
,Recommended,446800,27325202,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sergeant Ted Baker ✅,"Really  fun and immersive game , you can build your own transport empire thingy and grow it until it becomes  the best of the best really worth the $$$$ and super addictive XD"
,Recommended,446800,32834045,Posted: 26 June,all,White Lightning,Very fun and addicting game. Can't get enough of it.
,Recommended,446800,33730507,Posted: 22 July,all,secundepistle,"lots and lots of fun. wish there was a bigger modding community, though; or that I could make custom logos in-game without losing achievement eligibility/"
76561198030222885,Recommended,446800,33989985,Posted: 3 August,all,snate80,Was a huge fan of Transport Tycoon as a kid and this game brings it all back - awesome
,Recommended,446800,26672201,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dr Strumban,"I have nominated TpF for The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award because I, and many Train Fever fans, couldn't wait to part with our cash because we knew the devs woulkd deliver. And they did.I pre-ordered this game after being a Train Fever player for 1.75 years. There are many people comparing this game to Train F. - and even calling it an ""expansion pack"".The comparisons are I guess bound to happen and the ancestry of Transport F. is obvious just by looking at the map:i) The maps look similar - but are vastly improved in many small ways so that your landscape is so much more  realistic. [For instance there are cliffs here and there in the mountains, the hills have a different texture to the lowlands, the rivers are more realistic, the towns are superbly done looking so much better... and so on. ]  When looking from ""ground level"" the view in the distance is so realistic - almost photographic at times. I have yet to work out whether the clouds in the sky move.... but they look good.ii) Many of the models are basically the same ones you are used to playing with in Train F. BUT they are vastly superior in looks. There are more of them and, of course you get the boats and planes as well.iii) The game play is in a different league. In Train F. all I had to do was get through the first few years, pay of the loan and pretty soon I was making millions, even billions. I didn't need to use industry - and many times I just didn't bother. Result - the games became boring and I would have to start again. In Transport F. you HAVE to use industry - and you HAVE to set up the supply chains correctly or they don't work - and your cities will not grow.  I have to make an admission - I have not been able to get very far (in terms of years) yet. I think my furthest was 1912... then I took out a huge loan and it went pear shaped.  But this is a challenge - I am determined to manage these industries correctly.iv) The performance  of the game is far superior. My frame rate stays up when it was dropping to BELOW 10FPS in Train F. Even in relatively early years in Train F. it was obvious my computer struggled from time to time. My PC isn't the besat set up in the world - but it certainly is not the worst. With Transport F. I have had no problems with lagging so far. (The autosaves are a different matter - they do cause a pause, I accept this - and I know other people do - on a large map it's quite a big file ca. 100MB. Disk drives are a bottleneck.) It does take a long time to load up but I have only had it crash on me once at this point. I have never, so far, had a crash in  game. [AMD  FX6300 6 core, 8GB RAM, Nvidia GeForce GTX750 with 1GB vRAM].v) Editting tracks and roads is far better. It is not perfect by any means, but now I can place fairly narrow angles of approach, the railway junctions can be made as they occur on real railways, bridges and tunnels are not quite so tempramental and you can have junctions and signals on them (and for roads bus stops). Roads can be placed across railways as well as the other way round. There is a lot that could be improved and it can be infuriating. I have never yet played any transport game were the editing system was perfect. This one is good.  Messages are rather less obscure than they used to be.vi) The tutorial is good and the campaigns arer a nice addition and well worth playing. I am working through them slowly as well as playing in freeplay mode.  They help you further work out what is happening with the gameplay.Other people have mentioned things like there being no UI scaling. There isn't and I find this difficult because my eyes aren't as good as they were. I have had to reduce the resolution on my monitor foir this game - not a brilliant solution. Also, the continued lack of left hand driving is an annoyance - trains can be forced to do it using signals (or a signal mod)  but the roads remain resolutely RHD. I have had an email from the devs saying that they are aware of the issues and they will be looking into it.This game is NOT Transport Tycoon, Locomotion or OTTD - in my opinion it is better than these great games.Yes - there are omissions. Yes it does frustrate me at times. At others I wonder at the gorgeoius scenes on my computer screen and really have fun building and riding the models. It is not perfectbutitisgood and fun to play.  I do not think it is an expansion pack -  it is a vast improvement that has obviously had a lot of hard work and love put into it - certainly a better step up than some new games in series such as the Civ franchise.  I am quite happy about the money I paid for it."
,Recommended,446800,26666610,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ithaqua,"Intresting game, once I understood the basics it is a load of fun.The good:Highly detailed.Decent realistic economy.Well documented mod support.Get the ""model trains"" feeling.The bad:Not extremely well optimized.The game is not explaining allot, but nothing that trail and error can't fix.Mod scene is quite fragmented between the steam work shop and 3rd party sites.Nitpicking:Disturbing lack of line graphs.Interface is a bit clunky.Expectations:This game seems to stick around for some time. Google around to get a 23% discount."
76561198046632234,Recommended,446800,26766446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dzestino,Decent enough game. took me good 13hours to finnish American campaing (only 7 missions). Have similar issues I had with Tropico that once you reach certain point in a mission you just wait for it to fulfill as you already astablished all production chains and stuff. If you enjoy these kind of games I guess you will like it :D Good game to play when you want your mind to rest. :)
76561198054926951,Recommended,446800,26779250,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prohan,there are still some bugs but they aren't game breaking
76561198038376836,Recommended,446800,26793676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kylethelion,"Way better than Train Fever.Nice and very addictive game with very pretty graphics.Mostly it's the same Train fever as we saw before, but with a lot of tweaks, which make this game way better: like simplified (in a good way) track construction, reworked cargo system, reworked factory system.Now you're not scratching your head, thinking, what in a hell you've done wrong, when factory stopps producing it's goods: you see what causes this problem. Another loud applaud for an old transport replacement system (huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for Transport Tycoon and Locomotion games).Well..I don't know what to say more: it's Transport Tycoon from year 2016. So grab it and try it.P.S. I know, that game isn't perfect : there are some interface glitches, performance issues, problems with ships, but I think most of the problems will be fixed and anyway, even in current state game is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,446800,27501673,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TvictorB,Really great :D
76561197986333902,Recommended,446800,29207017,Posted: 12 January,all,Cobracal,Making money in this game sucks. Was really looking forward but the ball breaker was when I tried a different strat and could only have 10 lines.Ok - so I changed my recommendation. Once you get past the initial loan and slow frustrating slog to make money .. this game rocks. So keep at it
,Recommended,446800,30187085,Posted: 25 February,all,mikeangs,"Tutorials or beginning campaigns are not needed nor useful, as I didn't even try them as they are too much of a hassle. But for the game itself to be fun you need to use all custom settings: small no cost 1:1 map that starts in 1950's. The rest of the game is then self explainatory and just a little bit of time consuming work in the begginning only. Once all built (high level roads and transportation income through many vehicles) the cities will grow and the game then is pretty much all set and done. The UI is very well designed because it easily allows the game to run in the Windows background indefinitely by pressing the Windows key."
,Recommended,446800,26706467,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Friend Aardvark,"From the creators of the fantastic Train Fever comes Transport Fever. Although some vehicles are very similar in both games, the level of gameplay has only increased with the introduction of boats and planes. The game has amazing graphics for a transport simulator just like its predecessor. With access to hundreds of mods already on the Steam Workshop, this game is going to be well worth your money!"
76561198341109701,Recommended,446800,26734656,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ghoshjeet87,A good game that makes you rack up your brains to find the right mix for investments & returns and at the same time see your transportation empire grow in real time!
76561197991495786,Recommended,446800,26734788,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,-=RO=-camarradu,"Great game, compared with Train Fever is more complex and I love that the developers were listening to suggestions from comunity.Best transport tycoon game on the market. Is not perfect, It requires litle touches but is by far the game I recommend for tycoon enthusiasts.Keep up the good work developers!"
,Recommended,446800,26770365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crushburn,This game is easy to get into but hard to master especially when you play in hard mode. There are many things you learn over time and how to manage and optimize your logistics is really well done.
76561197978249107,Recommended,446800,26781787,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tango [TAOK],Some annoying bugs remain but all in all this game is thourougly enjoyable.
76561198026526072,Recommended,446800,27338131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Glazzman,"I would write a review but it is currently being shipped by Air, then land, and finally by sea!"
76561197993351973,Recommended,446800,29787874,Posted: 8 February,all,Rock,"I was never really into the Tycoon Series, which is why I decided to try this game.No relation to the Series as far as I can tell, but this game is great regardless.Whilst many games of this Genre cover a single aspect (Railroads, Trucks, Boats, Planes, etc.), this game covers them all. You can base your company around either aspect, or all of them. and to really hammer it in, the cities in which you base your commerse around grow with your company, making more opportunities to expand.It also covers over 100 Years of American and European History, taking your company from Horses and Steam Engines to Electric Trollies and Airplanes. Well thought out and planned.The only recommendations I have for the developers is a DLC that covers the ""Future"", with Monorails, Hover Trucks, etc. Even without this though, it is still an amazing game."
,Recommended,446800,30180849,Posted: 25 February,all,coasterteam456,"Runs great on my laptop.I highly recommend if you love building complex yet fun freight/passenger systems.The passenger system feels complete and working.The game looks amazing. It works like a charm with the fantastic artwork.The freight system is complicated but works when everything is together properly. It feels very rewarding to see something you make work. That's mainly the challenging aspect of the game.If you are new to the game, play all 3 tutorials. The last one teaches you how freight works.The game doesn't include any really good trains after 2010 ~ish. I suggest downloading mods.(ETR 1000 SBB and the TGV Duplex are my favorites).The only downside to the game is it feels too rushed (the time aspect). I just got finished on a huge and complicated route and all the trains are already outdated with newer models. I just installed a mod to slow down time to compensate.My overall score of the game would be a 9/10. I absolutely love it."
76561198011483540,Recommended,446800,30403282,Posted: 8 March,all,Ezmac,"Once the initial hurdle of figuring out how the system worked, was pretty fun. Some minor annoyances, but they pretty much all have workarounds."
,Recommended,446800,27486747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,@Sk4tz | Helene Fischer <3,"The legitimate Sequel to ""Transport Tycoon"".Nothing new, but all of the good old Stuff with new GFX."
,Recommended,446800,27500520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bouncer,Very good game and thanks to a good dev team and steam workshop support it could become a real masterpiece.
76561198013879328,Recommended,446800,29206359,Posted: 12 January,all,blaunrated60,"I was a huge fan of railroad tycoon II and played for many many hours but eventually lost motivation as I felt like I did everything that could be done, this game extends the possibilities by adding more transportation styles, randomized maps, a great possibility for mods, a decent campaign, but a greater freedom in free play mode than was possible in RTII, alhtough there are no AI opponents, I normally played with them off anyway.  I've never played Transport Tycoon which is sometimes said to be better, and with that I am greatful as I have a lot of fun with this game.  Also a lot of things that at first seemed like bugs turned out to require me to simply learn the mechanics of the game, and a lot of things that actually were bugs when the game first released have been fixed.  Very impressed with the updates and the support the game has."
76561198084150230,Not Recommended,446800,26494528,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,JohnnyChimpo,"Was very exited for this title when it poped up in my discovery que.However now that I get to play it I am very disappointed.First off and my biggest issue, I didn't play the previous title 'Train Fever', and it seems like Devs assumed everyone would have. Even the tutorials seem geared for returing players, and explain things poorly (or not at all) for a new player.The amount of bugs in the game is just crazy for full release title. I had played about 20 min and found 12certain bugs. And many of them are so simple and obvious it feels like they did no inhouse testing.Can't mouse scroll to edge of screen on the right.Many menu/quest text in Devs native language, despite rest of game being in English.Just a few things that should have never made it out the door....It has also CTD on me three times (all while trying to load map/tutorial). This also seems to be a widespread problem.My rig is waaay above the Min system requirements listed. This should not be an issue.Really wanted to love this game, really want to play, but at this time I am honestly debating a refund...Can't recomend in its current (release) state.Edit:Refunded.No word from Devs and rampant fanboys. It is obvious this title is for their existing fanbase and they are not interested in new customers.MAYBE worth it at half the price if you REALLY enjoy games like this.Personally would never consider paying more than $16 USD for this title."
76561198008827202,Recommended,446800,26486511,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Javel1n,Transport Tycoon 2016
76561197991178817,Recommended,446800,26491963,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oᴰᴬᴱ,"I suppose this isn't a review of sorts, it's more a means of countering those negative reviews bemoaning what is essentially, as far as I can tell, hardware conflicts or poorly maintained drivers.  This is not here to address any criticisms aimed at the game itself.These 'reviews' offer no objectivity and simply range from the worthless,  '""Won't run"" - negative review', to the self-entitled  ""4k scaling is terrible - negative review"".  Once again, these are not reviews. At best, they are 'gripes' and have more place in a forum than they do here.My rig:24"" 1080p monitor.i5-3570k @ 4.316gb 2300 memPalit 980ti (372.70 drivers)Ultra II SSD 480 GBand the game runs fine. It ranges from 40-60fps with the game settings automatically chosen for me, that being everything either on or at max.40fps occurs either when zooming or when panning the camera angle so that you can see both the cities and the horizon.I've found this range of fps is common to games that simulate many factors going on 'behind the scenes'.  Think Cities: Skylines, Anno 2205 etc.As I have only completed the tutorial so far, I can't tell you if it is good game or not.  However, I can say that the issues causing some people to have so much emotion it over-flows onto their keyboard are likely to be user related.If you are wondering whether you'll either enjoy it or whether your Amiga 500 can run it, then buy it, spend your 2hr refund window in the tutorial and see how it goes from there.edit: just tried running it on a Gameboy i found in the hands of a small child. Wouldn't even boot... wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Refunded."
76561198380542312,Not Recommended,446800,32520572,Posted: 17 June,all,Moxica,"This COULD have scored a 10 of 10 because it's a good looking simulation game with plenty of potential, but i only give it 0.1 of 10 because it has more bugs than a tropical forest. It has huge memory leaks, memory usage goes up, up and up the longer it's running. 16 or 32 gig recommended. With less than 16 gig, you should maybe save, quit and reload a bit now&then. Don't leave the game paused overnight unless you have 16-32 gig.They really made an effort to make it look good, but that's all the positive to say about this, everything else is negative.There's no documentation whatsoever, there is a tutorial telling the obvious stuff that any player can figure out on his own, but no important stuff is covered by that. The only way to learn how stuff works is to google it and hope for luck that the answer is somewhere on the first 10 pages.Costs and income aren't balanced in any way, it's nigh-on impossible to make so much profit that vehicles can be replaced when they reach their maximum age, even less to expand and buy new ones. The producers know this and there's a pre-installed ""no costs"" mod that can be activated as custom game and takes a large part of the fun out of the whole thing.There's no explanation to production chains, it's only partially shown with tiny icons, and no info about why production suddenly stops completely, which it always does after a while and vehicles then only add to costs instead of generating income. There's no way to deliver all cargo types to the same city, as all industries are placed as far away from its destination as possible. E.g, if there's a forest, be sure the saw mill is in the diagonally opposite corner of the map and if you start playing in 1850, you can't afford to connect the two until the year 2050 because construction costs are too high. Be lucky if you find 2 industries to connect early in the game and be even luckier if they keep working long enough for you to build a second route between two other industries.Train signals don't work, trains go where they want anyway, even against red. A bit now&then trains can be found parked head-on on the same track between 2 cities, because one went against red instead of using the other track which have a green signal. One train can block an entire 8-track station, because all the other trains just HAVE to use THAT particular track, for whatever reason. They can't see there are 7 empty tracks to go to. The only way to make sure trains go where intended is to give each of them their own unique track and never share track with any other train, ever. When you have some 50 trains, there are tracks everywhere, and it's only getting worse. Eventually, there are bridges over bridges over bridges and tunnels under tunnels.Road vehicles form magnificent traffic jams, there can be hundreds of vehicles piled up because 3 in a row are waiting for back-scatter cargo which shouldn't be there. Vehicles often carry cargo in circles, so there can be bread waiting at the refinery or iron ore at a saw mill and there's no destination on it, no way to see to where it was supposed to be delivered or how or why it ended up at the wrong station. In cities, bus-lines are brought to a stand-still by thousands of AI cars and pedestrians in a city-wide gridlock, and no intersection can or will ever have red lights, there are no 1-way roads, nothing, no way to make sure traffic flows.Passenger stations and cargo stations are different and there's very little place in cities to build both, ideally there should only be one station which can handle both or either.Rivers are so narrow that a harbour with 2 or more terminals tend to block it, making ships mostly useless.Airports are so extremely large that there's not enough flat land anyhwhere to build one. The fix for that is to build numerous parallel roads to flatten the land, then remove the roads and build the airport there, but it's tedious, cost millions and millions for no good, passengers rarely show up at an airport, it's never worth the money or effort to build one, basically because the game isn't balanced at all, costs always exceed income.TL-DR, the game is buggier than the buggiest bug-infested swamp out there, it frequently crash and the only way out is to ""check online for a solution"" or close the appcrash window. The economy isn't balanced at all, barely anything works the way it should, nothing documented, nothing explained, no help or support, absolutely nothing, and coincidentally that's also exactly how much this game is worth.. Absolutely nothing."
76561198030899997,Not Recommended,446800,32548918,Posted: 18 June,all,Brikken,"While graphics and user interface seem well polished, I found the game mechanics and the economics in particular too simple."
,Not Recommended,446800,32074806,Posted: 30 May,all,Dr. Eastwood,"I want this game to be good so badly, but I think in the end it was money wasted.You can play for a half hour at most, from then on the game stutters and lugs along until eventually it seizes up. Abandon your grand plans for expansive transport networks, the game will stop running long before you get to that point.In game models? Meh, the trains look alright, but the people who ride your trains all look like they've got the same stick shoved up their♥♥♥♥♥ And you'll see 5 or 6 of the same character model standing on the platform. And driving your trains. Come to think of it, I must be attempting to build a clone transportation network.Pathfinding AI? Non existent.Upgrading to electrified lines on a large network? Shoot yourself first, it'll save you the hour or so spent finding out where one meter of track has failed to connect/be upgraded.I spend more time figuring out how my trains clogged themselves up.Do you have logistics chops? Worthless skills to this game. You can't dump cars to be sorted or string together trains in a staging yard, the cars come attached to your trains. So you can't build a hub and spoke without making a train that runs for every commodity indiviually or you have to run an innefficient mixed freight that can't handle materials surge capacity.Just don't spend the money. Seriously. They added boats and planes, but those are almost completely irrelevant."
,Recommended,446800,26486979,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[GT]KrazyJay,"Still needs some polishing, some getting used to after Train Fever, but overall a very nice successor of Train Fever.The UI is a nice upgrade, map sizes are good, and offers plenty of possibilities when setting up a game, there is mod and Steam Workshop support. I like it.For the airplanes, there's a small bug where airplanes fly through mountains which can be avoided by adding waypoints to the flght paths if the developers were to implement this feature. But I am sure this will be resolved over time.I keep coming back to the game, but end up closing it because it becomes too laggy after 100+ years on maps. It currently takes over 6GB of RAM on my i7 system."
,Not Recommended,446800,33907379,Posted: 30 July,all,mr_j936,"It seems rather than making a game from start to finish, these guys just release as they go for money. First train Fever was painfully obvious that it was an unfinished game, now this one is an improved iteration... I can't believe I bought 2 games from these guys...The game is almost good, but many things are not well balanced. I have 0 incentive to upgrade my locomotives, they get twice as good but twice as expensive to run(yearly costs double with doubling performance which goes against the idea of technological advancement)... so what is the point? By their logic, a train from the 1850 is just as good in the 2000s. Empty carts weight as much as full ones (really?)"
76561197972169805,Not Recommended,446800,32781602,Posted: 25 June,all,slimer7777777,"Great attention to detail, but super slow game pace means you mostly just wait for time to pass. Even with the speed controls, its just not enough. A minor note, on a large monitor (4K), the UI elements are almost too small to work with and there doesn't seem to be any way to adjust this."
76561198022733849,Not Recommended,446800,30939952,Posted: 4 April,all,CXN2615,"Lack of milt-section track planning is such a pain to plan and build tracks, much worse than old 3DTT and even A-train"
76561198018736054,Not Recommended,446800,26503387,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dog Turds,"I was expecting to see a new map generator but its the same one from Train Fever.  The factories and resources are just slammed anywhere on the map. Exactly like Train Fever. The industries can produce more products. Howerver, you will never be able to make those products because the resource may not exist on the map or its to far away. Its still impossible to create a flat map. Just like train Fever. I am very disapointed."
,Recommended,446800,26512944,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bunsley,Good Game
,Not Recommended,446800,30395721,Posted: 8 March,all,Dikkie Dik,"This game is not for everyone. It's quite slow pace, border-line boring at times. Despite that, this game is addictive and I still don't know why.I only recommend this game if the game is below €20.Pro's+ Steam workshop mod support+ Map generating systemCons- Slow- Campaign is not worth the time IMO- Tutorial doen's cover everything"
,Not Recommended,446800,26530774,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,stankiem,"Pros:Nice graphicsBuilding is funI really like how it starts in 1850Cons:No AI competition (dev has said they will not implement one either...)No MultiplayerIt's very easy to make moneyNo reason for me to keep building, i'm just building to build a purdy transportation system.Unfortunately this is a return for me  =(  I really want to like this game, but without competition and/or multiplayer I just can't."
76561198162691824,Not Recommended,446800,34002052,Posted: 3 August,all,mdwsky,I really wanted to like this game but the train routing system is a joke! It gets to the point of being unplayable when you have multiple tracks on a route because the AI is so unbelievably stupid! Using signals just makes matters worse. You try to create loops and passing sections with signals but the trains will insist on trying to take the same route! I keep wondering if I'm missing something but I can't find anything to resolve this. Just glad I caught it on sale as I'd really be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I'd paid full price!
76561198006641289,Recommended,446800,26489546,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nick133,"A worthy successor to Train Fever, now with planes!"
76561198061862488,Recommended,446800,26489388,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Baker 🔥,Great game does exactly what it says on the tin !
76561198041896817,Not Recommended,446800,26565909,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ok Roy,"So far it gives a lot of pain, reloading every time you cannot place dimond crossings on tracks wastes a lot of time. It's hard to say how many times did I accidentally demolished my stations etc. a few mistakes like that and you're out of money... Why was it all so easy in the good old Tycoon? Give us the same with better graphics. That's all I'd like anyway. I start, then quit after 1h, then start all again then quit too angry again and so forth. Until fixed it is negative."
76561198007581675,Not Recommended,446800,26715879,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Giebby,Bought it.. found it is like the previous version. Refunded.
76561198251594032,Not Recommended,446800,28935193,Posted: 2 January,all,dalejordan2002,"Picked up game in sale after having it on wishlist for some time. After opening game, it never made it passed any loading screeen. Dont waste money buying a game which crashes on the first screen."
,Not Recommended,446800,30728818,Posted: 25 March,all,Alliedwar,"I have similar issues to others with this game... at first I encountered the Unable to Find Path stop a ton of times and through an hour of trial and error I figured it out. Then I couldn't figure out why resource deposits were just not using my transports (still can't figure this out)... once this happened I saw the usability patch coming up and was just thinking maybe I should've waited just a bit on this purchase. The game has so much of a possibility for greatness, it just hampers itself by some of it's current UI and interface quirks and lack of error handling or description."
,Not Recommended,446800,31024075,Posted: 8 April,all,bboalt,"Is has a lot of potential, but its not as intuitive as it seems and it is really SLOW.  The maximum game speed is one notch too slow."
76561198074936934,Recommended,446800,28242968,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Adamtheteen,I really like this game but i would like it much more if there was a Sandbox mode to play on....
,Recommended,446800,33828719,Posted: 27 July,all,Bhimavaram Bullodu,good game
76561198124669030,Recommended,446800,28470138,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CSI48,"Ok , well i'l start off by saying i was and am a huge fan of Train Fever , so naturally i bought this game without thought , it is a nice game , pretty much the same exact game as TrainFever , but more polished.Pros:-Industry works alot better this time around-20 minute rule no longer exists-Planes-Ships-Workshop enabled !-Campain is fun and NewCons:-Random frame drops-Late game , Frames really struggle-Game feels like a Modded-Update to Train Fever-Money can be hard to earn at times , you really need to think ahead.-Music is bloody annoyingI really don't have anything bad to say , i kinda wish they went for a little different concept for Transport Fever , but all in all , it's a great game and in my view , i's say it's Worth a Buy for sure.9/10"
76561198311891599,Recommended,446800,32752960,Posted: 24 June,all,BearBait,You Need A Beefy Computer To Play!
76561197986630468,Recommended,446800,26643390,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Damio,"Very good transport management game with few issues, that should be addressed very soon (according to devs).I personally had no technical problems with the game, although there are some problems with the game, reported and recognized. Only thing I don't like, is few annoying ""features"" regarding the UI, that will be hopefuly changed as well.If you've read some reviews from people complaing about industry chains beeing broken or not working, you should disregard those. Everything works perfectly, the game only does very poor job of communicating certain information regarding industry with player, which may cause problems. That will be addressed too (according to devs again). Appart from that, you can find guides explaining those aspects of the game here on steam."
76561198113874254,Recommended,446800,26605838,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,piston1937,Awesome game with infinite replayability
,Recommended,446800,26501949,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rein Frost,finally something newer than TTD
,Recommended,446800,26501746,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Morlack,"Transport fever is a worthy sequel of transport fever, with many improvements.For people who never played transport feverThis game is much like OpenTTD/Simutrans with many improvements, but also some downfalls3D environmentFlexible track layingBeautiful environmentsMore realistic simulationBut no competitorsHarder (depending on selected difficulty)Less optimized, performance is pretty bad sometimesIf you need to have competitors, too bad. The game is fun to play as it is. Writing an AI to play this game would be troublesome firstly, but would affect the performance negatively by a great deal.For all other people who played train feverPlanes & boats! :DTrack laying is much, much better. You can do things you only could dream of in Train FeverCargo improvements! It's still a bit whacky, but it's fun to play with and defenitely can be profitableHarder difficulty compared to TF, but maybe it's because the game's concepts changedBindable hotkeys!Upgradeable stationsCampaigns, which are fun, but could be betterAbout the profitability people compained about; Yes, it is harder to achieve, and the first few times I failed miserably because I was still doing things a la TF. This game I made 1M profit a year in 1862, now up to 20M a year in 1930 and rising!The performance, once your cities get big, will get pretty bad. I have to pause the game when I build to have a smooth experience. I generally play at 3x, but now I'm forced back to 2x because of the performance. However, I'm sure there will be optimalisation rounds coming.Personally I would recommend this game to anyone who likes transport games! If you can see further than the optimalisation and small glitches, this game is definitely worth every penny, probably more.Computer Specs:AMD FX-8320 Octacore24 Gig RAMNvidia GTX1060Hard-Drives in RAID 0 and SSD for system"
76561198073694223,Recommended,446800,26498740,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,nicmus,"i got to say i really do like this game, had a few problems most was my own making only bug i have found is goods being transported to wrong location ( farm taking plastic). no problems prefomance wise no crashes. 9/10 for me you like transport tycoon games you will love this."
,Recommended,446800,26501763,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Fooshie,"I very highly recommend this game. Brings back the good times of locomotion and TTD. Very very similar to both locomotion and TTD. A bit finnicky, but no game breaking glitches that I've noticed"
,Recommended,446800,26499416,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,matt.kirk,Sure it's still a bit rough but has great potential
76561198057093828,Not Recommended,446800,32779320,Posted: 25 June,all,seal,Very dissapointed. I tried my best to like the game but during the 2 hours I played in sandbox the seeds I used just felt like they were just not designed to work e.g. very weird placements of all the resources etc.In the end it was a generally very frustrating experience due to poor AI as well as the maps being just very weird.Good thing steam refunded it.
76561198017104329,Not Recommended,446800,27717402,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MrBlonde[GER],"I loved ""Train Fever"".I loved watching trains and the way city growth is simulated, BUT...this game only uses 9% of the available ""19.8GHz"". I get ""stable"" fps between 15-25 while my GFX-Card is bored as ****.It may still have the charm of the original, but they forgot it's almost 2017 and they need to support some current hardware.I was looking forward to the addition of ships/planes to the game, but contrary to the way ships work in real life, here they may be as big as a house with a capacity higher than the biggest train, but they will only pick up one type of ""goods"".They will pick up like 4 Tools and say ""OK, that's it. All that space here is now reserved for those tools. We won't take anything else. No, no grain, sorry, none of that. Bye!""Then they will merrily crawl over to the next port, where hundreds of coal and ore are waiting, just to say ""Hi! We just stopped to say Hello! What? Nonono, we cannot pick up any coal or Ore. We picked up these 4 hammers at the last port you know... ALL that space here is now reserved for them, so... yeah... bye!""And they will continue their journey (which takes them months btw...) and eventually drop off those 4 hammers.And pick up 7 sludge, instead of the hundreds of steel that are waiting at that port.Whoever thought this would be a great idea?! Well, I don't.A performance patch is supposed to be WiP, but i'm sorry to say that i currently ""Cannot Recommend"" this right now.P.S: ""No Man's Sky"", which everybody seems to hate so much, is technically way more advanced, uses Multi- AND Hyperthreading and runs at 60fps. But THIS is unacceptable."
76561197999978993,Recommended,446800,26564302,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,goranst,One of the best simulation games of All Time.
,Recommended,446800,26494971,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Odoiki,we need chinese! Plz
,Recommended,446800,28879549,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,minecraftislife97,THIS IS A GREAT GAME I RECOMEND THIS! IT LOOKS HIGH QUAILTY EVEN ON LOWEST SETTINGS AND BARELEY ANY LAG AND THERES A TON OF THINGS TO DO! A MUST BY 20/10
76561198000389396,Recommended,446800,26604982,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kayapo,"Can't recommend this game enough if you are a fan of transport games. If you loved Transport Tycoon you will adore this game.The best part is, it is a modern game with steam workshop acess. The possibilities for DLCs and mods that will expand the game is there. The game is the platform we've been waiting for to make a true sucessor to TTD."
76561198130120081,Not Recommended,446800,26610699,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,FindingNematoda,This game is unplayable. It crashes after 5-10 minutes every single time I try to play.
76561198011065240,Recommended,446800,33468029,Posted: 11 July,all,Cpt Crumpet,"Planes,trains, ships and auto! This has it all!! Fantastic game and a huge dedicated modding community who do great work which adds luster to a gem"
76561198031994478,Recommended,446800,33439815,Posted: 10 July,all,muriloale,Great
76561198118619777,Not Recommended,446800,26600614,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,AutoGamerZ,"Nearly no improvements over the original game outside graphics, floaty mouse controlls that don't function well, 15fps and lag spikes on lowest settings on a good pc (high end, just 2 years old). Slow gameplay, I liked Train Fever, this gone even slower. Refunded. Buggy, Too slow, Low fps, bad GUI design (Easily worse then train fever, even more pop up windows ""yay""). I do not recommend buying this."
76561198021158190,Not Recommended,446800,34175222,Posted: 11 August,all,mykahllc,"Really thought I would enjoy this, but I find it too 'fiddly' to be fun. I seem to be constantly trying to connect things that just won't go that way. Turned out to be more frustration than fun."
,Recommended,446800,26490887,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BumbleSkippy,"Very nice game, haven't encountered any bugs yet, the only downside is that terrain editing could be improved"
76561197993251888,Recommended,446800,33903980,Posted: 30 July,all,jlew5,If you like mucking about with trains buy this.
76561197992166924,Recommended,446800,26619902,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,luke,"The script for the US campaign uses some language that is probably historically accurate, but is a bit hard on modern ears. I think you can make a game that deals with the uglier things in history, but the player has to be ready for it and it has to have a certain sensibility around it. I think this reflects a style from hollywood movies that may have come out in the 50s or 60s which are now considered pretty cringeworthy."
76561198040644431,Not Recommended,446800,28397168,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SamouraiSix,"6/10-Game is time consuming to get anywhere as you wait years to get money to keep expanding.-Industry resources delivery is less satisfying and IndustryGiant was 10 years ago or RT2.-Boats dont work properly.With some SteamWorkshop you can expand game time and fun a little, but without major improvement you always get stuck to simple oil routes/food or passenger for cash. Doing the more complex steel->goods seems useless since city expension doesnt really care or give out bonus for proper supply."
76561198030952572,Not Recommended,446800,28650061,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,hines.brad,"I have to say that I am deeply disappointed in the gameplay and overall experience of this game. It is not notebook friendly and the UI remains a constant nuissance in setting up train rpaths. After attempting the first few scenarios I find that the early game is nearly impossible to set up profitable routes. When setting up train lines with multiple trains the game punishes you by reducing the output of industries being served by multiple trains. I find that the game has offensive racial undertones (""those damn indians"") and actgually advocates violence against an entire race. As if this isn't enough, the game crashes constantly. I really just want my money back and advise anyone to try Open Transport Tycoon instead of this hot mess."
,Recommended,446800,26569738,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Egoon,Great game loving it so far. BUT atm DONT buy this if you have a laptop with 2 gpu's... follow the forum and the news but atm you CAN'T run this game with a integrated gpu and you are Unable to play it at all..on my desktop it runs fine tho and if they update this game for the next little bit this is gona be  my go to game for single player!
76561198143999989,Not Recommended,446800,28136154,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,felix,"DO NOT EVER BUY THIS GAME! PURE FRUSTRATION!You want Examples? Sure, let's start with some easy ones:- there is no ""skip this station"" button. This is bad because the vehicles seem to RANDOMLY pick their first station instead of always starting with the first.- windows cannot be resized- windows don't snap to each other- don't open a line and expect a click on the station to actually bring you to that station. It won't work. Have fun searching for that one station somewhere on the map!- text (even though marked) has to be deleted one character at a time, e.g. ""Line 1"" needs you to hit backspace 6 times.- there no ""unload only"" option for the lines' stations. Is this done automatically? where is the hint?- the icons are ridicoulously small on big resolutions. Too small to recognize. You will find yourself to open that building just to see what it actually needs and produces..... Aaaaannnnd now let's continue with some more big ones:- some lines use the roads you built for them. others won't and rather go all over the map.- sometimes windows just won't open. Yeah, because ♥♥♥♥ you, that's why!- sometimes things are impossible to do, even in the tutorials: ""build this station here"" but the left click has no effect even though everything is double and triple checked. only restart of the game helps.- Trains CANNOT GO TO DIFFERENT PLATFORMS ON ONE STATION! Trains of one line WILL ALWAYS USE THE SAME SINGLE PLATFORM OF A STATION. EVERY SINGLE PLATFORM NEEDS ITS OWN LINE!! WHO CAME UP WITH THAT GENIUS IDEA???- ""go to depot"" is there but no ""resume on line"". Instead you have to completely reassign the line.- delivery system is messed up. Goods are being transported to some station in the remote wilderness? WTF?AGAIN: DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU ARE A MASOCHIST"
,Recommended,446800,33106872,Posted: 1 July,all,ker2x,Absurdly difficult <3
76561198348742125,Recommended,446800,28781035,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,hello,great game!
76561198310479111,Not Recommended,446800,30778249,Posted: 27 March,all,saeedxb,one of amazing games i had but a lot of crashes and problems in launching this game needs to fix those things
76561197978238059,Recommended,446800,26555382,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BuilderMp,"well,21.00 hours deep and still learn much about the game, I played train fever and based off of that I got this game.There is indeed a learning curve to the game and only after 20 hours am i now more connifdent in knowing what has to be done to succesfully run your company, The vast majority of the time you are constructing your infrastructure to support your railroads, bus, truck routes, water way lanes, and in the air. The goal is to to set up and maintain a net work to support each industry and your cities needs this can be done through any of the above mentioned avenues.The game has amazing graphics and simple.The terrain modifcation tool and the building and snapping of rail points is a 5/10 at best.the signaling is a pain to work out but once you do it is a much better experience as your train networks will not give you a list of warnings.a good time waster for the managment and supply game genre !Remeber to turn on auto replacement of vehicles and update your choosen vehicle when they come out in there year.a handy toolthe campaign was interesting."
76561198039278118,Recommended,446800,26564353,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,eatmywords,"If you think this is going to be a worthy successor to Railroad Tychoon, then you're going to be slightly disappointed. Transport Fever though certainly does its best to live up to that worthy transport sim. The detail and graphics are pretty involved. I had to take a second-look to confirm the condition of your vehicles deteriorate over time, so that by the time you have to retire the vehicle, it's looking pretty embarrassing. There is also something quite relaxing driving around a small 1870 town in a horse drawn carriage, as it never gets boring.The mechanics too are quite involved, and I'm certain it's more complicated than I'm giving credit. There seems to be an ordered chaos to the way the game develops the town around your transport network; things don't necessarily go in the way you imagine. But sometimes helping out with a road or transport network can influence the development; I'm still not sure.Don't come into this game thinking you're in for an easy ride however, because this game is difficult; even on normal. Many times I went seriously bankrupt in the first few years of 1850; you can start later. And the game will punish you if you don't put in the thought about where to place track, where to place stations, and if you misplace them; everything costs. Too many vehicles or two few vehicles will cost, as you fail to manage the pretty slick economy of each small developing town. Meet the demand however and you will start to be rewarded; only don't expect much.Perhaps where TF fails to meet up to RT is due to the lack of any competition. There is no AI or Multiplayer to compete with, and because I am actually enjoying this game enough to want to make a fledgling empire succeed, I'm sure I would have liked to test my skills against another at some stage."
76561198057150579,Recommended,446800,26593123,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Flluka,"I love it, alot of fun but the late game lag is annoying and should be fixed"
,Recommended,446800,33263180,Posted: 4 July,all,Cmdo.Delta,"This game is what would happen if Cities in Motion 1 and Railroad Tycoon 2 Platinium had a baby together.Then at kindergarden, that baby would become great friend with Euro/American Truck Simulator and Microsoft Flight Simulator. And then the 4 of them would decide to start a drug cartel together and become rich rich rich rich.10/10 for that upgraded OpenTTD.. Only missing multiplayer. Otherwise, perfect game for management games' fans!"
,Recommended,446800,33973958,Posted: 2 August,all,VigorousHydro,"Transport Fever is a great game if you are looking for a transport tycoon or a refurbished Train Fever. Transport Fever allows the player to transport goods across a decent sized map between randomly generated cities by using their choice of truck, plane, train, or ship that will keep you playing for days, weeks, or even months. After playing Transport Fever for quite some time I have noticed some bugs and issues that arn't game braking as they are annoying. Such as,- When laying track or road sometimes it's hard to get exactly as you want as the game trys to fight you when trying to do daring things on inclinde terrain.- Sometimes when generating large maps the rivers could get blocked by a sher cliff stopping the river in it's path- Don't know if bug or not, but the rivers sometimes are to narrow in some spots for ships, rendaring the rivers practically useless if you want to use ships.The game developers listen to their audience and try fixing and adding features to their latest updates. Also with the community always uploading tons of really good mods on the workshop making the games replayability really good. I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a transport tycoon type of game."
76561198093411555,Recommended,446800,26495469,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,T_T,"Lovely, beautiful game. A huge improvement over Train Fever."
,Recommended,446800,30089856,Posted: 21 February,all,r.jones113,my hp laptop will not run it
76561198189626977,Not Recommended,446800,30086960,Posted: 21 February,all,r.williams914,"having played this game for a long time , i have come to the conclusion that its broken . game crashes without warning . cant build on flat land !! . train carriages disappearing after a game save . i will not be buying from steam store for a while . the 2 links i saw on the news page for this game, give a link to a download, ??????? , all there is . is 2 jpeg pictures , no download . all in all a very dissapointing game that could be so good 2/10"
,Recommended,446800,33897743,Posted: 29 July,all,.rAge,"Love this game. If you are new to the game, be patience."
76561198140310017,Recommended,446800,33659531,Posted: 19 July,all,Fexanity,"So i bought it. and ran into some trouble, it said my graphic card didnt had the up to date. but thats a problem from my own PC, after a few hours trying to figure it out. I finally got it to run, so YES. its a fun. smart and gorcious game! It is really worth the money!"
76561197961125211,Recommended,446800,26543699,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Luk0r,"Perfect :)- No 20 min rule- diverse goods system--> cargo hubs, main train lines, ...  so much fun to organize all thisThe transport system is much better than in Train Feverand challanging hard mode -  so far the 100 Mio in 1946"
76561197995157441,Recommended,446800,26679644,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CitizenX(NOR),"After playing about 78 hours so far, i obviosly like this game just like i loved TrainFever. There is a few bugs here and there, but nothing major that totally ruins the gameplay for me, and hopefully they will be fixed. I totally reccomend this game for anyone that likes RailRoadtycoon series and TransportTycoon. It's ALMOST like those games, but a bit lacking on the economics side.Dunno why it shows that i recived this game for free cause i paid for it with my own hard earned cash."
,Not Recommended,446800,29687761,Posted: 4 February,all,ThatLazyFag,"it crashed 4 times in 31 minutes... how was the latest patch a ""performance patch"""
76561198167613315,Recommended,446800,32992972,Posted: 29 June,all,Regent Yeung,Great game
76561198154052075,Recommended,446800,29569862,Posted: 29 January,all,JammyDodge,"Great game, probably the best transport game this century"
76561197970533938,Recommended,446800,26573509,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,sjr,"I'm enjoying the campaigns so far. The graphics are great, building railroads and networks is entertaining and the economy is challenging enough. I hope that the developers continue to add features to the game, and I'm curious about what happens when you get truly large networks like in Transport Tycoon.BTW Thank you for releasing a Linux version on day one. :)"
,Recommended,446800,26546209,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,tbcrulez,"The secret for this game is patience! If you want to become a railroad billionaire in 2 decades*(game decades)dont even dream off it.After 14 hours of gameplay I start to understand how it really works and its not so difficult.For those who allready played RT3 they can see some things missing from this game!If you dont want to be banckrupt in this game start by developing food industry( Farm+Processing Plant and feed some towns! Express Railroad from Farm to Food Processing Plant and trucks to deliver in towns.The demand will grow , the production to ,money also.And by 1900 you will start making really good money and then its easy to develop the railroad network!)I still dont understand the railroad signs,priority to trains ...I hope there is a video that explain how to put those signs on railroads.I love the game and if developers will listen players with good ideas they can make it even better!"
,Not Recommended,446800,28916639,Posted: 1 January,all,Max,This game isn't finished yet. It tries to be OpenTTD (Or equivalent) but it just misses some features which degrades the gameplay.
,Not Recommended,446800,28169437,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,christeach78,Very discouraging that this game randomly quits every fifteen minutes or so.  Autosaves are spread so far apart (one per game year) that much doesn't get saved.
76561198017480615,Recommended,446800,27704679,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,muawiyaj,No. Sim game
,Not Recommended,446800,28916510,Posted: 1 January,all,stlsf4003,"Do not I repeat DO NOT buy this game unless your running with the most up-to-date hardware, otherwise you wont even get out of the main menu with out a crash!On the other hand, I will say that this a GREAT game from what i've seen from my friends and YouTube. It's just sucks that i don't have the hardware to play it. :("
,Recommended,446800,26642555,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jsoting,How do change language? mine is in german
,Recommended,446800,26644873,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,xenon,the transport tycoon i have been waiting for!
76561198161895965,Recommended,446800,26499653,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,stormhold,"Game runs well enough, nice and pretty, but for me the problems are painfully annoying.Train signaling is awful, industries production rates fluctuating wildly even though more than enough transport to keep the depots nearby almost empty, depots placed within catchment area of industries not actually working properly even after several months have passed. There are other little niggles, but the major ones stated above are game breaking at the moment.Only 10 hours played, almost all of them frustrated. Fix these bugs/problems and I may well disappear for sometime into the void of ""tycooning"".Hoping that a patch is released soon, otherwise what could be a very good ""tycoon"" game will be ruined.Having played a few more hours I have found the issue with signaling trains(I`m an idiot).However, the annoying placement for train station catchment areas is frustrating to say the least...maybe I`m still being an idiot, but the lack of ingame help for the noobs amongst us does`nt help. Place a station, it highlights the industry you want...yet bugger all happens. Again, maybe I`m a muppet and not getting it quite right....still annoying at how picky the game can be.On the bright side I will be changing my recomendation, though I am still left frustrated by simple errors(mine or game? no idea yet). maybe if I spend another 30-40 hours I`ll figure things out.....either that or my PC may take a trip out the window accompanied by copious amounts of questionable language."
,Recommended,446800,26543654,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Papa Pasta,"Great game with realistic models of the vehicles. I have some minor launch issues, but that is barely noticable. Overall this is a really good game, and when more bugs have been ironed out this will be a game that will suck me in for a lot of hours."
76561198147186180,Not Recommended,446800,28916870,Posted: 1 January,all,jack.w.howard,Game lags out and frezes all the time.
76561198072129793,Recommended,446800,26548421,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NICO,"Great gameplay, stunning models, and overall just a good game. haven't had any issues except low framerate at times. Overall I recommend to anyone into management/tycoon games."
76561197960398443,Recommended,446800,26603800,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Awx,Well impressed with this game
,Recommended,446800,26607344,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MarcOSX,"It is a great game. The only thing is that the gameplay looks to much about Train Fever. Further the vehicles look very nice and detailed, just like the landscape itself."
76561198117666224,Recommended,446800,26488032,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Raff,"When i see some haters... They just can't wait 1 minute for loading map.Train Fever was great, Transport Fever is awesome. It's not a dlc, not a minor update, it's a big new game with nice graphics (still some work to do but beautiful), and a realistic simulation.The construction tools are smooth, effective and easy to use.NO bugs !! <3The devs made a huge work and it's a pleasure to play. So buy it and love it !!Now i continue in french :)Pour mes amis français, si vous aimez la simulation de transport, notamment ferroviaire, et la simulation d'économie, ce jeu est fait pour vous.Les devs ont fait un travail de fou pour métamorphoser Train fever, et c'est juste magnifique.Ne vous arrêtez pas aux évaluations négatives de certains frustrés, mon ordi est sur GTX 970 et 8go de Ram et TPF tourne à merveille.Et de plus, il n'y a quasiment pas de bugs dans la partie libre (j'ai pas essayé la campagne), pour une version clean le premier jour de la sortie c'est quand même fort.Foncez et reconnaissez le travail de cette équipe de 8 devs !!! Et je ne suis pas actionnaire de urban games :DAller je vous laisse j'ai un réseau à faire fonctionner moi."
76561198074407070,Recommended,446800,26545625,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tingle Butt,"After the initial bumpy road with bugs, the game has gotten playable. The bug fixes were released just a day after the release of the game so that tells you the devs are working hard at fixing it. After I began playing, It was great. Learning how signals work with crossroads and how often materials are created does take time, but once you get the hang of it you can really enjoy yourself.The one poor thing is that the game feels poorly optimized and you will need a strong graphics card to play it on the large map so that planes can actually be viable.I would rate it 7/10. If the game is better optimized, I would give it a better score."
,Recommended,446800,26604847,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheGreatBelgian,Well you could see this game like an upgraded version of Train Fever. And that game was great too.The only thing I wish they added is 'traffic lights'. I actually was expecting some traffic lights in a game like this.
,Recommended,446800,26634915,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Alai1223,"Really a fun game, and a great improvement over Train Fever. If you like these kind of games, youre not going to be dissapointed"
76561198097422183,Recommended,446800,26604117,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rednas,"Fun game, the modding scene is very big for it. But there is some performace issues, but the devs have said that they are working on it"
76561198262879722,Recommended,446800,28141570,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mr. Poupee Butt Hole,10 of 10
,Recommended,446800,28705221,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wabbithunta,"[Not actually a review, per se, but more of an open letter] [/b]Dear Dev'sPlease make a SDK, just like the one available to the Civ community (Civ V version) that allows people to make/edit maps as well as the ability to place towns and resources as well as the ability to add mods and do map scripting etc. It isn't that hard, is it, or are you concerned that you'll lose control over this game? That's not happened with Civ at all, it inspires people to improve the game with their own ideas and it's all the better for it. So why not this game too?I like this game and have imported a few maps, but I had to edit them to get them to load, map errors and street connection errors between towns and industries were constantly flagged when trying to load maps at the start of a game. Also make a PDF manual that can be used along side this game that gives details on what to do. Classic example in question. Signals and their placement. No mention of these in the very simplistic tutorial either. So you end up either referring to an earlier iteration of this game (Train Fever) to figure out what to do, assuming you have it - I don't - or use an online search to ask a question to resolve the issue you have in relation to the game.Yes I know there's a map editor, of sorts available, but it's not full blown like the Civ SDK, all you can do is load a map and then add towns and industries as near as is possible to where you like them due to the editor constraints in place (at the moment it's still a work in progress)After all when the industrial revolution shook the World it made a huge change in how and where people lived and worked. Towns and cities grew up at a rate never ever seen before as people moved to them to work and to live, rather than do the daily commute we now do in todays world.Back then you didn't transport coal and iron from one end of the world and ship it to a steel factory on the other side of the world, or in your case a map. You built the necessary industrial buildings required at their location, or nearby to it. Likewise it's the same for all industries in this game.Yes. I get it. It's all about transport and it's infrastructure, and how you move it between locations. But please, get real. Make it so their locations are nearer to each other and then allow us to ship finished items to their required locations (other towns, shipyards etc to be transported off map etc) After all this can be done in other games, so why not this game too!?Rant/♥♥♥♥♥in' over with. For now....?Love the game, even if it's a tad frustrating and annoying at times.Yours sincerelywabbithunta"
,Recommended,446800,26532077,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,eheines14,"Love this game, if you liked Chris Sawyer's Locomotion, then I highly reccomend this game. Building mechanics are awesome, and have encountered very few bugs with the most recent patch. Very dynamic with a ton to do. 10/10"
76561198286380245,Recommended,446800,29526169,Posted: 27 January,all,☢DAVIEMAN101☢,i load game and gives dark screen and i cant do anything can somone help?
76561198125257637,Recommended,446800,29882569,Posted: 12 February,all,[DMC] Test_Dude,"I approve to this game, it's a fun game to play, interesting as well. And can be modded a lot! Only downside, the difficult to understand. It takes a while before you know how to effeciently do things in this game, or create proper trainlines. It's a good learning game, if you like Transport Giant, you will like this too!"
,Recommended,446800,26520470,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Osten,Really nice game with alot of potential with workshop. Looks alot like Train Fever but has alot more depth and is really fun!
76561197969594993,Recommended,446800,26531124,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Userfaulty,"If you like Transport Tycoon or Sid Meiers Railroads or OpenTTD, you will love this game.I recommend it."
76561198002353366,Recommended,446800,26511247,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Neros,It has trains!
,Recommended,446800,26578832,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PapaOscar,"Really addicting game. Kind of a step up from Railroads! and more complex. I like the realism, but needs some performance passes. Would like to be able to have enormous forests covering the landscape without losing massive FPS."
,Recommended,446800,26497197,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,FireByTrial,"It seems there is a lot or love or hate going on with this game, I have now been playing it for about 4 hours and I can definetly say this is a good game. There are the occasional very minor visual glitch (slight black box visible around steam engine smoke when camera is inside smoke for example) but otherwise I would describe this as a beautiful game!The vehicles showing wear over time is a great addition and I hope more games incorporate this into them, it makes it more imersive with this feature.I really love games that are in this genre and the additional startup challenges that are present (you will not make money quickly at the start [circa 1850]) give more meaning to being succesful in the game. It's not perfect but it is far from bad like some people are claiming.would recommend for sure!"
76561198350343644,Not Recommended,446800,28663947,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jigglyt1t5,it wont let you play unless you have a really good graphics crad
,Not Recommended,446800,28719018,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Schnitzelbrot,Extremly boring after a couple of hours. Not very challenging aswell.
,Not Recommended,446800,28603543,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,boguspuddle,"Here's my review for Transport Fever. I so much wanted to love this game, and unfortunately it simply does not work on a Mac.To give the stats you what type of mac I am using:2 x 3.46 GHz 6-Core Intel Xeon (i.e. 12 cores)32 GB 1333 MHz DDR3 RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti 4G Video cardSo I believe I'm covered in system hardware.  I spent quite a while trying a few fixes but ultimately gave up and got a refund quickly.So I advise is if you have a mac then do not buy this - it shouldn't really be for sale (on the Mac side).So out of ten I give it minus 2 hours - as that is the amount of my life wasted in trying to get it to work."
76561198010407399,Recommended,446800,26565262,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,historyandps3nerd,"When this game functions properly it is rather fun and relaxing, however, a game where a large portion of the gameplay is based around hauling freight and the freight simply doesnt move to the station to be hauled, or factories simply refuse to produce products, it kind of makes it nigh impossible to actually play."
,Recommended,446800,26565074,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lord of the Flies,"If you liked the original you will like this one too, the only thing i will recommend is if you had a heavily modded game in Train Fever you may want to wait until more mods come out for this game. Workshop integration is something I love over the previous game. Now downloading mods is as easy as hitting subscribe."
76561198032713450,Recommended,446800,26566651,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TheUroš,Is more than Train Fever upgrade. Still has some flaws but in general is a good game worth to play.
,Recommended,446800,26507225,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,StBlaize,Awesomely complex
76561198024844108,Recommended,446800,26495636,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Westminster,Hours of challenging fun.
,Recommended,446800,26496228,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Eight,"finally after locomation and open TTD .. a good game ,but there is lot things to be better.but great work guys !! keep it up !!"
76561198009334538,Recommended,446800,26495648,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,swoop34,"it is a transport tycoon - worth the dollars - you will get lost in it for a bit, and thats ok - you shoudnt be able to figure out the game in two hours -"
76561197961450281,Recommended,446800,26487769,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mayhew,"Having played just over an hour so far I am quite impressed with it, great improvement on Train Fever. Lots more goods to transport."
,Recommended,446800,26495768,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,fastwings,well good game its missing ai or multiplayer have good stuff that take from openttd but lacking some i belive the game need be improve that now it bad its fun game 7.5/10 it good but need updated
,Recommended,446800,34764440,Posted: 5 September,all,Zebra,"If you enjoy Transport Tycoon and Train Fever you will enjoy Transport Fever.A really good Tycoon game even if lacking in features.Still worth 20€, since you will get at least 30 hours out of it.A favourite in Tycoon games from the new generation."
76561198148568517,Recommended,446800,34700108,Posted: 2 September,all,AngryGamingCow,One of my favorite games of all time. Well worth your money if you are into city building/manegment games.
76561198097247122,Not Recommended,446800,29011758,Posted: 4 January,all,michaelvangreunen,"I ve never written a review for a game before on steam , but felt the need too for this game.Totally love the idea of the game but there is just to many bugs in it . For instance , I have now restarted the same map about 15 times . Everytime it comes to a halt after a few hours . My vechiles is suppose to pick up food , they do for the first 5 years then they start picking up farm produce :(Or I would have a perfect working line between farming and food production . I will then upgrade one section and the whole thing will break down . I dont understand why we cant just TELL them what to pick up and deliver. Its not really rocket science.  And dont let me even get started about renaming routes and stations just a total pain . Cant believe i didnt read the reviews on steam before i spend £20 of my hard earned money.  Youtube wont catch me like that again.Dont waste your money bad game with to many bugs , Fix your bugs before release lawd."
76561198092131232,Recommended,446800,29917857,Posted: 14 February,all,May,"I'm playing for some time now and just had mot wirte a review. As its successor (TrainFever), this games economic simulation feeld a bit rough and almost unbalanced. But if your lucky and start on the right map (or just switch of costs at all and play sandbox) its a wonderfull simulation game with beautiful graphics. Makes one feel like building your own model train. And with a workshop full of wonderful content, this game is great fun."
76561198157469030,Recommended,446800,30018627,Posted: 18 February,all,LookOver12,"Now this game is really Fun, lots to do and good graphics/ Designs.  The only downside for me is that theres no american Railway crossings/ Stations/ Signals in the american/ USA map so thats kinda sad, But hopefuly they will make american stuff for the USA map soon. Otherwise this game is good and it has the STEAM workshop. So i recommend getting this       (If you like transport games)"
76561197968431729,Recommended,446800,28490656,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Merefield,"An absolute PEACH of a game!It's telling that I replayed the first level several times just to try out different strategies ... barely scratched the surface and I'm loving it!This is SURELY the spiritual successor to Railroad Tycoon 3 (with a lot of Transport Tycoon too):  Take that game, bring the graphics up to date and add other modes of transport and you have 'Transport Fever'.  It even has huge helpings of humour!RT3 was one of my favourite all time games.  There may be elements that TF is missing (I believe there was a company shares dynamic? Perhaps the dev will add this later?)  but that's made up for by a huge range of transport options as per Transport Tycoon of old.The difficulty level is just about right and its quite easy to get carried away and go bankrupt if you extend yourself too much.Just like TT, once you have got to a certain level of complexity in your network you feel a real sense of creative achievement.Oh, and I LOVE the TT-esque multiple window interface with fully rendered real time 3D cameras of each unit, brilliant!!Oh and the voice naration is perfect!"
76561197976369560,Recommended,446800,27863285,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[WaW]Neighbor Kid,"While I enjoy playing this games for hours on end, it has various bugs and flaws. Graphic wise. 8/10.  They are pretty good, there most definately room for improvement, but I imagine that would not be possible with out the change to a new game engine. Which also, I must say, if there is, and I anticipate a 3rd installment so we can finally have some multiplayer( a major factor missing from this game ) that the game engine HAS to change. Something has to be done to combat this performance issue. Thats my biggest gripe with this game. Why I'd only give this a 7/10. The FPS drops are enourmous. I'm getting 1-5 in a built up city, 10-13 a tad bit zoomed out, and 15-20 all the way zoomed out. The game is not utilizing resources.  I am very displeased with the fact that it was said from the dev team.from the FAQ""Q: Is the game optimized for late game performance?A: Yes! Several new algorithms optimize the amount of necessary calculations and reduce processing time. Also, multicore support helps to ensure fluent gameplay even when scenes get big.""I'm only in 1916 and it's just not enjoyable to play anymore. Watching the locomotive mounted camera or person camera,  the FPS is absolutley terrible.  I want to keep going, but I just cant. I make mistakes, because of the frame rates, and there is no undo buttom.My specs..I7-5820K Hexacore pushing 4.4 GHZ16 Gigs DDR 4 RamAMD R9 390X 8Gig Gracphics cardWindows 10 64bitThis is more than enough power to plow though this game.  The game only uses 9% of my cpu.Things like DX12 or Vulkan need to be utilized.The Industries, make sense, but dont. I have every city connected and they still stop producing. The output area is full, and hardly reduces it's self to load up on the station that is right next to it. Makes no sense.I'm keeping my thoughts to still be recommended, but If I could have a button that puts me in the middle, I would mark it in the middle.  I look forward to seeing the patches fix things.  If I do not see a performance update when the Major performance patch hits us, I will turn around to not recommend this game.  Though It may be promising as TF was bad too, but did get better through patching. TPF started worse of than TF did when it released.Game 3- I do not want something lke TF or TPF. If you made decent money as it sounds from the news updates, than build a new engine, but better.  Please utilize modern software and hardware!"
76561198002189495,Recommended,446800,26626113,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,rovaira2,"This is a very enjoyable game, and I also own it's previous title.It's fun to play, tougher than it's predecessor, and more enjoyable to transport resources and watch the cities grow. I can see this being one of my favoite games for a long time to come. The resources you provide help the cities grow. It's not just about transporting people; the commerical/industrial need certain materials as well.Two thumbs up. :)"
76561198168208673,Recommended,446800,31205122,Posted: 17 April,all,basketisak,The best transport game i had tested!!
76561197981506137,Recommended,446800,31386636,Posted: 26 April,all,Bismarck,"Very addicting game, sandbox game is great. There is some fun in the latter stages demolishing half a city to make faster lanes for you trams/buses to get more passengers to your train station."
76561198106023508,Recommended,446800,31387838,Posted: 26 April,all,Blastem25,"Its a good game, but it really needs it's modding community to stay alive."
,Recommended,446800,31388498,Posted: 26 April,all,vikykam,Definitly my favorite transport game.
76561198007039846,Recommended,446800,31414598,Posted: 28 April,all,Marshal Sho'Nuf,"Great game, so addicting!"
76561198244493912,Recommended,446800,29874007,Posted: 12 February,all,KEEEEEERHS,"Great game, i have had hrs of fun.cant wait for the next update guys, ;)"
76561198163261811,Recommended,446800,26504291,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Stena Britannica,"OMG, what in the world have you done, Urban Games........ a wonderful game, that's what!! Aircraft, ships, buses, trams, trains, you name it! So many vehicles to choose from, you are spoiled for choice! When you see the title for the first time, you think, ""Well, that means business........."", and indeed it is a fantastic business game! I hope you guys keep updating this game! It is SO good! Cities: Skylines has Steam Workshop, and I was exited as hell when I found out this is Steam Workshop compatible! Thanks, devs! In the next update, please add unexpected attacks in the years 1914-1918 and 1939-1945 (First and Second World Wars) for the ships just to add to the challenge! I am also looking forward to seeing RoPax ferries! I have a suggestion for 5 of those, and those are: Loch Seaforth, Lord of the Isles, Isle of Lewis, Argyle, and Coruisk.Those ferries are all RoRo or RoPax. That means cars and trucks can load up the ferry. Thanks for this game, and a happy easter!"
,Recommended,446800,26493421,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,James,"Feels like a good sequal, could have finally replaced openTTD if it had multiplayer though,"
,Recommended,446800,33926930,Posted: 31 July,all,Zynber,"""tOo MUcH sLOpE"" ""TErRaiN aLiGNmEnt cOLluSiON""11/10 would frustrate again"
76561198174348053,Recommended,446800,34573230,Posted: 29 August,all,terrymcloughlin79,really good game hours of fun
,Recommended,446800,26696616,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kjellner,"Needs some polish, but the developer is already adressing community feedback. Important to remember is that it's a niche-game built with modding support. No hate. Good job! Love it."
76561198028431277,Recommended,446800,26691983,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[-RO-]Gligom,Is a good game.I love it. Is so adictive
76561198281639046,Recommended,446800,30396568,Posted: 8 March,all,dragonborn45678,great game fun transport tycoon sim better than train fever
,Recommended,446800,30522633,Posted: 15 March,all,Xbones1950x,I've been playing Transport Fever for some 368 hours now and have found it to be both challenging and rewarding. I've had no adverse issues.Have no hesitation in recommending the game.
76561198187182963,Recommended,446800,26682690,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,poofycheek,this game is the closest we are going to get to locomotion 2 it plays very close to what that game did but tons more depth to it has a bit of a learning curve to it as its easy to go all in and get bankrupt right from the get go  but thats what makes it fun you need to learn what works and what doesnt profit
76561198060578278,Recommended,446800,26709858,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,youngmatthew8,10 out of 10
,Recommended,446800,26798127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yan Malinovskiy,"Good game, well create."
76561198007628062,Recommended,446800,30489721,Posted: 13 March,all,Ananbuch,"Depth of gameplay is wonderful, the number of different strategy limitless. Great game!"
76561198026777295,Recommended,446800,30518533,Posted: 14 March,all,badfish1060,"Very fun, only downside is a lag after you have your map and system built up over 100 years or so."
,Recommended,446800,26681660,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Elder Logs,"After watching ConflictNerd's gameplay of this game, I was quick to pre-order this. It seems like a Railroad Tycoon-esque game in terms of mechanics such as Produce > Industry > City Supply, which is simple yet rewarding once you manage to set up your first sucessful trade lines.It does feel from a novice point of view a little confusing at first, with the tutorials being more 'read and do' rather than the game 100% locking you out of features and adding them 1 by 1, kind of like taking your hand, which I feel would of helped me figuring out its mechanics at first, but after a good 10 hours of trial and error and plenty of lets plays on YouTube, i think I have just about figured most of it out.I have a i kind of beefy computer, which surprised me as I encounter quite heavy FPS drops from time to time, mainly when laying rails. I also however encounter a permenant below 1FPS after a solid 3-4 hours gameplay, but for now thats nothing a quick save and game reload can't fix, so I'm not too worried about this.So far, I am enjoying the game considerably. Other than the obvious performance issues, I would quite like to see some Cities Skyline type of addition, where you can freely place cosmetic assets to fill an otherwise empty landscape. An extensive map editor would also be an amazing feature.I love these types of creative games more for the creative aspect rather than the management side of things, so any feature that would make this a possibility would be greatly received.For now however, a decent 8/10. Awesome work!"
76561198123291546,Recommended,446800,30381699,Posted: 7 March,all,Bob vader,Great game to few american locomotives and it feels biased to europe could this be changed in the future
76561198052386020,Recommended,446800,35128106,Posted: 22 September,all,warpig107,"wow. talk about a game that just bores you and Makes you want to play more. basicly you are transporting goods and people around, it is very fun, recommended that early stage, focus on one or two products, from raw to material to Final item to selling in town. and have public transportation in the towns so it reaches everyone, then again there are cars so idk how having Public transporation a valid venture. but anywho."
76561198375150523,Recommended,446800,35194950,Posted: 24 September,all,crisanddannyferreira,Best game
76561198013201478,Recommended,446800,27260870,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,haraser,"The game needs more industries, other than that its a carefree relaxing game for 97% of the part."
76561198333456074,Not Recommended,446800,35207775,Posted: 25 September,all,Ep1cPl4yz,"I love this game! Recently, however, the terrain generation has not been working correctly. I would highly recommend this game if that issue was not present."
76561198002081861,Not Recommended,446800,26487619,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Randseed,"This game looks like it's intended to be a modern version of Transport Tycoon Deluxe, which is why I bought it. It has a lot of potential. Unfortunately, right now it's got a few obvious problems:1. Apparently no competition, at least that I can find.2. Some obvious bugs, such as the ""potential"" of crude oil that an oil refinery can receive totally rolling over to -2 billion or something.3. Drawing tracks is pretty tedious. If you try to just drag between points you more often than not get a road or track that looks like it was drawn by a drunken sailor as the thing tries to stick sharp curves in everything.4. Some production issues without telling the player why. For example, I set up a fleet of carriages to take crude oil from a field to a refinery. After quite a while, and after producing something like 30 oil the thing finally pops out one fuel. So you're either running empty fuel trucks between the refinery and a city, or you have them hold until they're full, at which point they block the depot so that more of the precursor product can't get delivered.5. I set up a pair of train stations and stick a depot between them, just as I would for roads. I buy a train. I buy cars. I can't assign them to a line because the game says that it can't find a route.6. The time scale is wonky. It might take two months to go from one mining facility on one end of a town to a production facility on the opposite side.This has potential and I think that they can clean it up and improve it. I cannot recommend the game in its current state and if I could get a refund I would."
,Not Recommended,446800,33761385,Posted: 24 July,all,Paramaniac,"Worthless without mods. No difference than previous game train fever. There is nothing good about ships and planes, pointless. You cant build any building except of your stations at free game mode. Industrial items not enough,  economic sytem is basic. There is no feeling about to achieve something or progressing. There is no competition at free game mode. Wate of money."
76561198021597141,Not Recommended,446800,26582355,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ivan,Its not ethic to sell such raw and buggy product.
76561198182218315,Not Recommended,446800,32268153,Posted: 8 June,all,rezuzek,"I drive a car, and have been on most forms of transportation in the modern world.  I had no idea how far we have come in transportation, because, according to this game's mechanics, it took two-three months  to travel 20 miles in 1874 with a steam train and the cost factor was around $250k, no wonder John Rockefeller was so rich.I could ride a horse to Missouri from where I live in Pennsylvania in that time, but if I did that in this game it would take 3 years and  cost me about $600k, with no profit to speak of.Some hard facts here:New York to San Fransico in 1870, took about 7 days by train.  That's a distance of 2,950 miles, which is an average of 421 miles a day.  A first class ticket was about $132, around $18 a day.  In this game it would take 12 years and a first class ticket would cost about $78,000.Even as a sandbox game this falls short of any type of game I would invest playing time in.  I have no idea how new games are this simplistic, to the point were they are pretty much unplayable.  The economy is linear and outrageous.There really is no reason to upgarde anything.  Railroad Tycoon which is ancient, is more realistic than this could ever be."
,Recommended,446800,34700688,Posted: 2 September,all,Sir Rodger,Nice relaxing game to kick back and work on
76561197992545294,Not Recommended,446800,33372503,Posted: 8 July,all,dutchie,I love simulations games. i played transport tycoon and industry giant a lot.i was really curious about transport fever but after hours of playing it i decided to delete it. And even write a review about it.A lot of game mechanics are unclear or annoying like transporting raw materials. First a line works but then the trucks stop to deliver the materials while it is clear these materials are waiting in the docking bay.  The game is not clear about which mistake i made.Another thing are the railways. You really have to pay attention how you connect your traindepot to your trainline because otherwise the train just will not go.This game is major dissapointment for me because a lot of game mechanics are still way better in transport tycoon.If u just want to have fun playing an simulation game without to much hazzle. Do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,446800,26540941,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hawk,"Disappointing at this stage, the promotional videos look nice and polished, but the gameplay leaves a lot to be desired.I have played countless hours on transport games like railroad & Transport tycoons and Open TTD. Creating intricate railway systems with a large number of trains all going to the same station either bringing resources or hauling away the finished product. Creating massive cities by supplying them with a steady flow of goods and passengers alike.I was really hoping this game would be the next step up, but it really isn't. Kind of feels like they got bored producing the game and just put it on the market, just so modders could finish it for them..."
,Recommended,446800,26488119,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SkaMon,Very cool game! This graphic is beautiful) Like this simulator
,Not Recommended,446800,26497103,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lewis31m,"Just a horrible buggy mess, this game is in desperate need of quality control and testing before release, despite giving the game to Youtubers weeks before release there is still a mountain of problems with the game. I've played eas;y access games that are in a better state, if you're considering buying this game I whole heartedly suggest you wait to see if the devs fix this mess."
76561198310842792,Not Recommended,446800,26534857,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mayo.richter,Terrible! game keeps crashing and freezes. Not possible to play. I want my money back!
,Not Recommended,446800,29532074,Posted: 27 January,all,Jimmy Lines,Crashes Randomally :(
,Recommended,446800,26489050,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,washu73,Initial Impression: (Real review coming soon.)A great improvement over Train Fever and a good beginning for a game that could be as good as Transport Tycoon if it continues along this path.
,Not Recommended,446800,26548578,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,zStatix,"BUYER BEWARE!I am not one to review games but I had to review this one to try to prevent more people from getting ripped off.Transport Fever is basically Train Fever that changed its name and started selling again for full price. Seriously play both games side by side and the only difference you will notice is a million times more bugs in the renamed Transport Fever. At best you can say Transport Fever is a a DLC package that cost $35 and only adds airplanes, not counting the 1,000,000 bugs.About every 10 minutes I encounter a 100% game breaking bug that takes me 20 minutes to find a work around to only repeat the process and that is not an exaggeration. Even alt-tabbing for more than 30 seconds causes the game to slow below 1 FPS until you relaunch. Also the game freezes for about 10 seconds every minute due to a poor autosave mechanic.I would not recommend anyone to get this game at all or any game made by this developer as repackaging the orginal game with a new name and selling it for more is one of the shadiest things I have seen on steam and you will spend more time trying to get the game to work properly than you will spend playing it.Looking at how almost every positive review for this game is directly defending another negative review, I would say all the positive reviews are likely paid for."
76561198020318937,Not Recommended,446800,30715031,Posted: 24 March,all,Chazsi,"This game does not work.  I set up a network to transport iron ore from the iron ore plant to my rail junction.  It transports 16 units of iron ore, then shuts production down and the plant states that it is NOT using the line.  Game is broken at that point.  I cannot proceed.  This is a major problem.Other stations have experienced the same problem.  I notice a back-up, check it out and there's a cart waiting for a full load creating a back-up of other carts which will never move along because the station is no longer receiving goods which WERE BEING DELIVERED EARLIER.Support offered no help other than ""send me screenshots of your line set-up.""  First, I paid a pretty penny for this game which isn't working.  Second, this implies that I can't set up a line correctly.  However, that's not the problem because when I initially set the line up, it worked fine.  Why do plants suddenly stop producing goods allowing the station next to them to sit idle and never receive goods for transport?  Carts waiting for loads sit idle.  Money flows out of my account for cart maintenance.That's not what I consider a good, or fun, game."
76561198054495873,Not Recommended,446800,26497088,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,snoopysdeals,whats the deal on the update that locks up the game...what crap...i like the game though....im requesting a refund
76561198119146397,Recommended,446800,26491449,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Josh_T,"The number od negative reviews this game has is unjustified.It plays fine and loads relatively quickly on my laptop which is way below recommended specsIn the 4 hours I've played I have found no bugsThe graphics aren't great, but why are you looking at a transport game if you are after good graphics?"
,Recommended,446800,26490046,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sephyr,"This game is so cool, and I extremely excited to play,  but I have an issue, can someone explain why I always got crash? I have asus rog GL552VX i7-6700HQ with 4gb rams and GeForce GTX 950M its so smooth in the early game but then always get crash. maximum 5 minutes playing then it crashes pls fix it"
,Recommended,446800,26489298,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Estimaja,"5 hours in and I am loving this game. Played through tutorials, started a free form map and having a blast. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,446800,26591753,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,NTSHoward,"Although it has been update and runs better on hardware that is not cutting edge, it is still a clunky sim with more frustrations than rewards.Uless you have nothing but time and you are willing to invest heavily there is very little here.I could have spent $30 better!"
76561198073008143,Not Recommended,446800,28455699,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,eat.1996,SO BUGGY! nearly unplayable most of the time due to constant gameplay issues and misc bugs
76561198040596843,Not Recommended,446800,26553080,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nofunnynameavailable,No minimap. Too complicated user interface to get things going - 'No path found' to joy. Miss Railroad Tycoon 2 ;-)
76561198303558126,Not Recommended,446800,28450458,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,NickMOH,"The game was too slow, my computer is ment to play these games just fine, the game would keep crashing, not playable."
,Recommended,446800,26490574,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mozdzen,Love it!
,Not Recommended,446800,33951022,Posted: 1 August,all,ArmouredKitty,freezes every time i try to play the game and ony the game and stuff freezes not the curser or the music just the background or as we would all call it the main gameDumbest game ive tryed to play
,Recommended,446800,26490171,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Corgi Von Woof,I just realized I played for 6 hours straight. I'm sure I can do it all day if my alarm clock did not tell me what time it is.
76561198006546497,Recommended,446800,26489934,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Autism Simulator,In the spirit of transport tycoon.Great fun.
,Not Recommended,446800,31327306,Posted: 23 April,all,Robm,"This game is still in Beta. There are some noteable graphical issues and the UI is god awfully small. I can barely read it. It has FPS dips way too much and the controls are rather clunky at best. The game idea is great but, this game needs more work before I would say yes to it."
76561198028840389,Not Recommended,446800,28542210,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,luki1989,"I'm extremely disappointed in this game. I expected a next generation of transport tycoon, and what I received is, wel... The game can go for over 10 years, and a single standing train line will still not produce income. Everything is happening really, really, reeeeally slow.Just go play transport tycoon or open TDD. Its way better."
76561198148950479,Not Recommended,446800,30402671,Posted: 8 March,all,Robert Bob Johnson Smith,"In short. Buy Train Fever, for now.+ Much more stable.+ Better optimisation.+ Has workshop support.+ Campaign missions.+ Many more production chains.+ Laying roads and tracks is 1000% more user friendly compared to Train Fever.- Gameplay feels arcadey compared to Train Fever, vehicles have no weight to them.- Game is still too much about trains, there's like 6 boats and 5 planes.- Train fever has about 100x the amount of mods available.About FPS, and this is in my case with a medium range gamig laptop:Train fever = Solid 30 fps on highest settings (-2 fps for every 30 minutes played) - 2 second lagspike at autosave (+3 seconds with every yearly autosave). +When loading in for a play session everything would lag to♥♥♥♥♥♥when panning the camera over new assets.Transport Fever = Solid 50 fps on highest settings (No notable drop) - 1 second lagspike at autosave (maybe +1 second per 10 ingame years). +When loading in for a play session everything will lag to♥♥♥♥♥♥when panning the camera over new assets.TLDR; For now, buy Train Fever, the amount of mods for that game alone is reason enough to get it instead of Transport Fever."
,Not Recommended,446800,33940870,Posted: 31 July,all,Kounsel,"Fun game, but ♥♥♥♥ing broken. The campaign (us) is so bugged that you'll be forced to restart it multiple times even in the first mission, just to find out that something else is broken that was working before, or later on. No quality control went in to this, and it's too late to get my money back. As well, if you had added competing corporations in free mode as a sort of challenge that would have been a much better experience, especially in terms of replayability. If you have to buy this, get it on sale, %50 off or more."
76561198049507123,Recommended,446800,26495087,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,✪ Mihai MR ™,"a great game, challenging, fun"
76561198151847979,Recommended,446800,26495149,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Aeromidgit,"an upgrade on Train fever, everything about it is much better."
76561197985695739,Recommended,446800,34309618,Posted: 17 August,all,jfr,"Cmon, whats not to like?"
76561198012493399,Recommended,446800,33946528,Posted: 1 August,all,|LZ|D5rkm0nk,"This game is so good for singleplayer transport empire building that it gave me autism.why? let me tell you.does the game frustrate you with tracklaying near stations? yepdoes the game frustrate you when it is not going how you want it to go? yes.does the game give you hyperfocus and lose knowdlegde of time and so on? yepdoes the game makes you intrested in trains which you where not before? yepdo you want to watch your train ""nice and perfect"" trainroutes again and again? yes.so thats why.would really recomend this game. its good. but the vanilla game is not really good. you really need the good mods to propper play it."
,Recommended,446800,33822817,Posted: 26 July,all,Rhued,Good game
,Recommended,446800,28245540,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SEBS,thegame is great and addicting if you like transport management
,Not Recommended,446800,30364298,Posted: 6 March,all,Falcon,Full of promise... has yet to deliver...
,Not Recommended,446800,29320227,Posted: 17 January,all,Cameron Rhys,it used to work but now when i load it crashes as soon as i see the map...
,Recommended,446800,26487200,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BobFish,"Transport Tycoon in 3D, what more could I ask for?I had a lot of fun with Train Fever but there were some issues and it didn't have as many things to do as transport tycoon or OpenTTD do. Now with Transport Fever there are more industries, planes, ships and even a couple of full campaigns!Haven't encountered any issues yet and am having the time of my life :D"
,Recommended,446800,26604775,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,unfaced,"Played a bit - enjoyed it so far. If you liked TrainFever, I can recommend this game"
,Recommended,446800,26526345,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Croft465,"The FPS chugs a little at times, but overall it's a great game."
76561198144396691,Not Recommended,446800,29377468,Posted: 20 January,all,一大碗拉面,TTF without elevated station is a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198317055000,Not Recommended,446800,28750194,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,yolostrats343,it crash every time i started a map
76561198046199650,Not Recommended,446800,28761719,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sizzlingpopcorn,Can't start the game. Constantly crashes on my Mac
76561197996637906,Recommended,446800,26499242,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,OzWally,I'm enjoying it esp on challenge mission.
76561198060574930,Recommended,446800,26764423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pm006e7032,"I agree with all the positives - graphics, attention to detail, challenge, sound track and playability. As for the negatives, well it isn't supposed to be a walkover. You have to think ahead, don't commit resources until you are sure (no undo key in this game) and don't complain if industries don't produce. It's an economic simulaton so it relies on supply and demand. You can't have one without the other. As for crashes - it's a computer game and they happen. Save regularly especially before big decisions and big spends. I got to run ships and fly great planes then went stone broke. Back to the drawing board. If you want a yes about buying it - it depends. If you get bored when things don't go your way and can't be bothered to test and try again, don't bother. If you loved Train Fever or want a challenging tycoon simulation, this is the game you have been waiting for. It drives you nuts and you can lose money easily, but hey, that's why it's fun. Go for it, but make sure your kit is up to it as it hammers it later in the game. The developers are working on this and promising more features. Can't wait!!"
,Recommended,446800,29862190,Posted: 11 February,all,TheonlyBearshark,"I've got the fever, the transport fever! Send help."
76561197961632401,Recommended,446800,28891382,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vindicated,Great Game
76561198067024307,Recommended,446800,26534479,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ronnie®,"Awsome! just buy it, it is worth it!8,5/10"
76561198007155672,Recommended,446800,26534798,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,daventure2005,Added many many cool features on top of Train Fever.
,Recommended,446800,26652627,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Xyvoracle,"Has far too many problems and for me won't even start the game. Definitely needs work. But from what I've seen, it looks interesting."
76561198159234561,Recommended,446800,26504422,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Teachdrawde,"Very good game, make me forgot everything.This is TTD Successor.Now this game make me lose sleep."
,Recommended,446800,26504621,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,oius,"Has a big need for optimalisation,Tried playing from NAS (as i do with all my games) and it was very laggy, like frequent pauses in the game like it was loading things.it was unplayable.then tried moving it to my local ssd wich was a lot better but still not smooth.i wont ""return"" this game nor will i reccomend anyone buying it at this time.that said, i just played 3 hours, it has the feel of train fever and i liked it."
76561198170738730,Not Recommended,446800,34008738,Posted: 3 August,all,mrhitisnumberone,I am currently having serious problems with this game. Trying to make money is very hard and the time passes by way too quickly. It is tough and difficult to get out of debt quickly yet There seems only to be one way to play this game at the start proberly passangers. I want a cargo transporting empire not a passanger empire but reality is reality of this game. I recommend checking out reviews first before buying it and seeking tips on how to effectively make money especially in 1850.
76561198211297488,Not Recommended,446800,34383306,Posted: 20 August,all,josephccecil1961,This game is @$^%ed. I've got 2 coal mines on the whole map. I set-up a supply chain of steel and slag. Delivered everything that you are supposed to. I'm talkin' the whole supply chain. I had to use trucks because you can't make any money with trains (the costs are too high.) Anyway my coal runs out after two years. My other coal mine is too far away from a supply chain to make any sense. This is no Train Fever let me tell you. I was on the easiest setting also. This game blows badly.
76561198009023515,Not Recommended,446800,31317987,Posted: 23 April,all,jason_tift,this game blows don't waste your money i spent 6 hours trying to get baked goods to goto the train station in it's catch area right across the street.
76561198160800263,Recommended,446800,34770354,Posted: 5 September,all,cjr3985,A great game with unique difficulties and challenges.Final score: 93%
,Recommended,446800,26497358,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Propane and Propane accessories,"just having a graphical issue and a freezing image, but audible issue and im good for the game"
,Recommended,446800,29997828,Posted: 17 February,all,miker295,I love this game - it's gobbled up many hours of time.  Keep the updates coming please!
,Recommended,446800,26494094,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ilexa,Build a train to deport illegal immigrants with and MAKE MEXICO PAY FOR IT!
,Recommended,446800,31399457,Posted: 27 April,all,uvuvwevwevwe,everything makes sence in this game.and its hard to make it work.overall superb game!
76561198363500173,Recommended,446800,30978399,Posted: 6 April,all,Jerry,"As a frash,it is difficult to oversee the game well.U need more time to try again amd again........Compress transports net is hard to contrl it , that should add more tips for a newer in my opion."
,Recommended,446800,31871708,Posted: 20 May,all,wili2003,beutifull game and super addictive!
76561197997258725,Recommended,446800,31783494,Posted: 16 May,all,shinier_than_thou,Good game. Some frustrating bugs but worth a go if you like this kind of thing.
76561197994282251,Recommended,446800,29664762,Posted: 3 February,all,nothomewhenaway,"Absolutely excelent game, creators have also followed many of the post-release suggestions of players to improve the game further. Lots of fun, well worth the money."
76561198233175496,Recommended,446800,26494088,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,theorangedevil,good game is there mods
76561198039283784,Recommended,446800,29099266,Posted: 7 January,all,Trevor WRAS,Very good.
76561197970537023,Recommended,446800,33836571,Posted: 27 July,all,Teri,great game remind me ttd
76561197991404225,Recommended,446800,33983301,Posted: 2 August,all,Brute4s,"Very small sample size, basically due to constant rage-quitting. Incredibly non-intuitive. 2 trains- 1 on the tracks, one in the depot. Neither will move. Set up a depot 2 feet from the iron factory (it's lit up showing coverage.) transport carriages pass on by, nothing in the depot. A wonderful game in 2.5 minute doses. I firmly recommend a spit screen for your monitor to deflect your saliva as you scream at the 4 passengers that wont get on the train that holds >40 people (and is currently empty.) A top notch recommend to anyone who suffers from rage and is looking for a new trigger~"
76561198098583032,Recommended,446800,34476983,Posted: 25 August,all,nek.minnit33,AWESOME! Great game! 10/10
76561198353342125,Recommended,446800,34485476,Posted: 25 August,all,nusser_3,very very good game
76561198104915949,Recommended,446800,34461166,Posted: 24 August,all,SUPERGOATYT,great game:)
76561198006902014,Recommended,446800,34593350,Posted: 29 August,all,StarionX,Great game
,Recommended,446800,32095412,Posted: 31 May,all,-QOP- Dorian,"Very good game. You start in 1850 and work your way up. Very addicting.1,508/1,510"
76561198076842120,Recommended,446800,28413178,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dingo Bang,Great but a little slow progress. Intensifies after a while...
,Recommended,446800,32130148,Posted: 2 June,all,Mr.Groosley,"Really enjoyable game with unlimited replayabillity and an incredebly strong modding community. Definatly worth a buy if you like Open TTD, Cities Skylines, Factorio and other management gmaes"
,Recommended,446800,29302192,Posted: 16 January,all,Nenad Kralj,"All I need to say is that I was ""in love"" in this game from moment I so it. I'm not a person who love or spend free time on playing game. So, I can say that this was my 1.st game which I wished in last 20th years and played it. All I can say that I didn't regret buying it. Graphic in game is awesome and I enjoy playing it. I need to say that I highly recommend optimize game even more - because I have ""sometime"" problem with""black texture’s""- I'm not planning to by a desktop pc for it - I'm trying to play it on a notebook - so only down side in my perspective is""black texture""so I need reset my machine often. So, because of that I will say 8/10. I really hope If that can be fixed in next update."
76561198034773746,Recommended,446800,29995621,Posted: 17 February,all,HarleyJiggler,Highly addictive & challenging game! Took a few trials before finally managing to make some real money. I'm loving it. Best thing since Transport Tycoon!
,Recommended,446800,26541545,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tarsus,"started playing, then 8 hours later it was 3 am and i dont know what happened."
76561198184877833,Recommended,446800,26544214,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hypnotoad1,"I've really enjoyed Transport Fever so far. It is seriously addictive and has a nice look and feel. It is reminiscent of the classic game Transport Tycoon Deluxe, and that is exactly what I had hoped for from it."
76561198110238916,Not Recommended,446800,28147295,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,markbetty73,"way to hard to make money and grow, if you are like me and want a casual fun no stress game, look for somthing else."
,Recommended,446800,32990111,Posted: 29 June,all,esus,recommended
76561198078113359,Not Recommended,446800,35351189,Posted: 30 September,all,Maniu,"That was the only pre-release I bought... and the last. Quite dissapointed with the game, 1 update a year if lucky, no competition in game at all, no AI, no multiplayer, nothing. Game truly relays on the Workshop and public creating stuff to make it interesting, Creators don't really care anymore..."
76561198097171782,Not Recommended,446800,29176174,Posted: 10 January,all,dixbfloppin,Im sure its a good game but i wouldnt know since the game crashes on me
76561198111744692,Not Recommended,446800,32579176,Posted: 19 June,all,ferrelas,"If you didn't get that train set for christmas maybe you can have your parents buy you this instead. But if you're looking for hours of building massive rail networks, get openttd instead, a much better game for a much better price. It's pretty enough, but the maps are tiny, and well, it doesn't ahve much in the way of features over openttd."
,Not Recommended,446800,33281868,Posted: 5 July,all,iTraumatik,"If you own a 4k or 1440p monitor, this game does support it but the GUI does not scale at all.  I have a 32"" 4k monitor and sitting about 3 feet away i have to lean in to try to read the text or at least squint, it does not make a fun gaming experience.Since the game supports resolutions higher then 1080p it definately should have GUI resizing / scaling just like other games but doesnt.I really wanted to keep the game but i will look into rebuying it when / if it does get GUI resizing / scaling."
76561197988668444,Not Recommended,446800,28093038,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Trekner,"A graphically updated version of Transport tycoon, it does worse then transport tycoon when it comes to acutual transport though...It has some of the most horrible pathing issues that i have ever seen, a almost straight line between 2 station and it said it could not find a path.As in the game only delivers items/passenger to lines, not to the the acutual station and then let us figure out where we want to transport it.They should have played transport tycoon befor making this.Go find Transport tycoon, its a lot better then this game, even if the graphics are very dated."
,Not Recommended,446800,30560851,Posted: 16 March,all,ArmusQ,"This game is a vacuum cleaner!It's barely playable on anything but an extreme gaming machine.Add that together with the fact that it's virtually impossible to make ends meet in the game, and you end up with a game that suck all enjoyment out of you.6.6 hours of playing the game, and I've already had more than enough.Uninstalled and hopefully easily forgotten."
76561197993459541,Not Recommended,446800,32403744,Posted: 13 June,all,rookhaven,"I was hoping for much more from this game - and after several starts, just can't get past the utter stupidity of what's been unleashed.  This game breaks every single design best practice that ever existed.  This game is not ready for release at all and has some incredibly fundamental design flaws.In order of ludicrousness:1.)  The passage of time is insane.  It takes my little tutorial bus about $9K in expense and literally 20 plus DAYS to get about 7 blocks in a city.  It get stuck in traffic and is just slow.  My trains also take DAYS and DAYS to get from one city to another.  There are mods for this, but even with the 4x time increase which is max you can get, don't be surprised if your shortest tracks take a month to get from stop to stop.  But the rate of expense seems to come out at some frequency I don't understand which is WAY too frequent for any kind of income curve.2.)  Surface leveling leveling leveling.  I can't get a basic installation setup.  You have to have a road connecting your train station to a given industry as well as one ore more tracks to the station.  Good luck EVER getting it to work unless you lucked out and got a 100% flat map which doesn't happen.3.)  The UI is so BAD!!!!   All the popups STAY UP!  To do even the most basic setup takes about 6-10 clicks and each click generates a separate window.  And you have to click the little windows closed EVERY SINGLE TIME..................................  Who the hell did this?!?!?4.)  Expense vs income.  LOLI didn't get any further because I CAN'T!These devs should be summarily blacklisted from EVER doing dev in ANY industry ever again."
76561198207491505,Not Recommended,446800,26597652,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,de444ar7,"would not recommend this game,due to the crashing problem. Have uninstalled it. If in the future, they fix this problem, then will play it again. To bad. Was enjoying it. Simply became tired of it crashing,"
,Not Recommended,446800,32768398,Posted: 25 June,all,lychenus. #Clown9TI7,"cannot play game at all after buying. always asked to update graphic driver to the most update. it is the most updated already. and openGL still will not work and ask for updatees.wtfupdated 4/7/2017 the dev cannot solve my problem as i had exhausted all the solutions, including silly ones, that could be found on the internet. and they still want to direct me to their email which i had done already.http://steamcommunity.com/app/446800/discussions/1/2592234299541289387/"
76561198121812231,Not Recommended,446800,32809573,Posted: 26 June,all,Tullruss,To many crashes just trying to load game
76561198030884984,Recommended,446800,28360567,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Martin,"Ok based on 27 hours of play.Yes I recommend it.It is a little buggy, a little glitchy.. I can't even run the campaign mode, it just crashes, so I play freemode.Once you get your little trucks going and everything is connected in the right order, trains are making a profit... it's a very addictive game.Not as polished as say Railroad Tycoon.. but it looks nicer... more expanded, little taxis, buses, trucks, carriages, trains, planes, ships.. zoom into the cities and there's loads of people going somewhere...Still alot of work to be done, but for a small dev team, they've done a hell of a job, it's worth the £27 I paid.  £1 per hour so far.If you're into madness and micro management.. this game is for YOU.Now played over 150 hours, can't stop playing.. still can't play campaign mode.Game has a tendency to lag out and drop fps late in the game, if you have this problem, choose smaller maps.  It actually seems to be more of an issue to people with very high spec pc's.  I use a haswell i5 3570, r9 280 3gb card.  I do have issues, but the overall enjoyment from playing the game and the build up over time, when you get it right, is extremely gratifying.The game is however very hard to learn, it is very unforgiving of mistakes, in mid game a single train not operating correctly due to small mistakes can ruin you and put you millions into the red. So I'd not recommend this for anyone who might have a tendency to throw their mouse at the wall or punch their keyboard when something goes horribly wrong. ;)"
76561197994416666,Not Recommended,446800,26599692,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Schwivid,"First of all, I love this game.  That's why it is so difficult to write a bad review on it.The only reason I'm giving this game a bad review is simply because of its capacity to freeze up at random.  I'll be playing (for hours sometimes) and then the game freezes.  I get the circle cursor for a second and then it stops. After that there is no way to get the system to respond.  I have to do a hard reset because ctrl alt del simply doesn't work.At this point, I'm afraid to say this is not worth $35, that is unless you like doing constant hard resets.UPDATEIt is now Septemeber.  The crashing issues have not been fixed.  Still an enjoyable game, and yet still worthless because of its instability."
76561198030294289,Recommended,446800,26488778,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,cpspok,"Well first off im excited to see a title like this released as i enjoy these type of games the most . So far the game runs great , no lag no graphical issues smooth as ice . Now i will say one thing that really disapointed me so much WHERE IS THE MINI MAP omg !There should always be a mini map for games like this to make it so much quicker to bounce to location to location . This is a feature that should of been included from day 1 release . Other than that this game is great thank you for the game and hope to see more mods and updates as time goes on.."
76561198032319465,Not Recommended,446800,26527104,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheVood,"5 minutes in and I could see how this could easily have been a $10 DLC for Train Fever adding planes and boats. Then I started noticing all the bugs and general unpolishedness, and decided to leave it at that and get a refund.I might get it later, when it's been thoroughly patched and heavily discounted (less than $10). Until then, it's not worth it."
76561198199101169,Not Recommended,446800,31080271,Posted: 11 April,all,gohjw7993,"very bad, keep crashing ,  and cant open the game, feel like cheated !!!"
76561198145881658,Not Recommended,446800,26564167,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Narukami,Refund RequestAll i can say is this is a big disapointment and should be in ALPHA. Buggy as hell.
76561198031368006,Not Recommended,446800,31555139,Posted: 5 May,all,Plastic Dreams,"This is really such a great game, or... it would be if they fixed the last deal-breaking bug...Con: Train Pathing is screwed up. Train cannot figure out to take a free track if one is available, but feels inclined to take a specific track. This can be solved by doing one-way tracks, but thats not really the way it should work.. This is a dealbreaking bug for a game like this, and something, if the developers would, easy to fix. They just havent... yet...Pro: Great graphics and great details, like lights on the train, time-specific housing and cars and live people on the street. Can immerse yourself into a growing world.It is a game to watch, but for now, i cannot recommend it."
76561197963619124,Recommended,446800,26497647,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,virulenT,"I will cautiously recommend this game. I have over 500 hours on record with Train Fever. Just played this one today (release date) for a few hours. So far, I like what I see, with a small caveat. There appear to be some visual artifacts when zoomed out far (some train wagons disappear). Other than that, game runs great on a Dell XPS 15 laptop (i7, 8GB RAM, 960M video card), at least up to the year 1900."
76561198062216189,Not Recommended,446800,34411499,Posted: 22 August,all,molnr.tibi,The game wants always reisntall itself. I'm very said about it.....
76561198080697549,Recommended,446800,33958004,Posted: 1 August,all,Ghost,it's pretty damn good
,Not Recommended,446800,27347262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[DA-DK]ShangXiq,Game is unplayable.Suddenly some memory leak or looping occur where game will lag extremely and you have to restart the game which fixes it for 5 to 10 min then same procedure.
,Not Recommended,446800,28497318,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Scerion,"Too buggy to be playable in its current form. Even the tutorial is bugged! Could not find route to stations on line that was connected, traffic does not flow correctly. Buildings do not lay out correctly. I can't believe that this is in a far worse state than the old Railway Tycoon games from over 10 years ago!0/10 Would not recommend."
76561198000389426,Not Recommended,446800,28326855,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Warming,"God koncept implemented bad, using way to much time on laying tracks, and to little managing the business."
,Recommended,446800,26505710,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,OKanye,Great game. Some bugs here and there but first session took me a full 7 hours. Addicted
76561197969761568,Recommended,446800,26505831,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,000Major000,If you liked Train Fever you will like this one even more!
76561198023545422,Not Recommended,446800,32185641,Posted: 4 June,all,Edhinor,"Started game in 1850, bought several coaches, sent them to the three closest cities from my starting one, 2 years later, I had paid over 3K on maintenance for each of the coaches... and they still had not reached their destinations!2 Years + to reach the closest city? really? is this a simulation? If it is abstracted, why am I paying monthly maintenance? where were these cities, china? (still, a trip around the world would not have taken 2 years).Oh, I also made one line on my starting city and one on each of those three cities, guess how many passengers appeared on those three cities during those two years? yeah, that is right, 0.So is the 1850 start totally broken?Anyway, I refunded this since it was on my first hour, I would advice not to buy"
,Not Recommended,446800,28088416,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,a4niq8r,"Bloody. Awful. Dismal track laying interface design and function, Catchments don't highlight and when they do they change after you build your stations, Bought trains refuse to leave their depots, Can't build a straight piece of road or track, track junctions don't snap, vehicles insist on running the route backwards first run out of the depot; every time I turn around there's something else to not like about this game. I was hoping it would improve, so of course it's too late to return. Save yourself some frustration and go with Railroad Tycoon 2 or Industry Giant 2 (18 years old and they still do it better!). Someone needs to take IG 2 and do what they did with Cossacks 3: Just upgrade the graphics!  The game engine worked fine Way back then."
76561197970470792,Recommended,446800,26497366,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Big Poppa,runs great havent had a crash looks great very fun game
76561198045922496,Recommended,446800,26497520,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,hotfudge69,"Great game, it's not an awesome game because i think it could have had more content and gameplay, hope the modding community helps with that or some expansions become avaiable, but overall a well built game with lots of potencial! A true sucessor to Transport Tycoon and Chris Sawer's LOCOMOTION! ALL ABOARD !!!!!"
76561198308681201,Recommended,446800,29951012,Posted: 15 February,all,chizzlebricks,I really like this game because the graphics are brilliant and it is really fun to make all the lines. There are a lot of mods and it is very modable. All the trains/buses/trams/planes/boats are really well designed and all the different tracks/stations are really well designed.
76561198069202377,Recommended,446800,32370081,Posted: 12 June,all,MADCoLABS,"If crack and meth had a baby, it would be called Transport Fever"
76561198188257406,Recommended,446800,28420556,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Swedishbaron,"Addictive! Basically Transport Tychoon in 3D. Very challenging and a huge amount of gameplay in it. I'm playing this game on a mid 2011 27"" iMac and it runs smooth enough."
76561198259207563,Recommended,446800,26731799,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,fune90,"Il gioco è una evoluzione del precedente TrainFever nella quale sono stati apportati delle migliorie grafiche e finalmente è diventato possibile migliorare gli edifici senza demolirli. Mi piace il miglioramento apportato alle intersezioni ma secondo me sono necessarie ulteriori migliorie a riguardo. Le città finalmente crescono in modo comprensibile ma mancano gli edifici ricreativi.Con riferimento ai mezzi di trasporto, mi aspettavo l'aggiunta anche di nuovi modelli di treni e auto.Al momento, il gioco ha dei bug che rendono l'esperienza di gioco un pò frustrante soprattutto in fase avanzata del gioco; alcuni esempi sono i tempi biblici di caricamento, salvataggio e uscita dalla mappa che possono richiedere anche 5 o 10 minuti, i lag dovuti all'eccessivo carico su processore e ram, in alcuni casi dopo l'aggiornamento delle stazioni le linee ferroviarie si comportano in modo anomalo.Nonostante tutte consiglio il gioco agli appassionati del genere e confido in una patch che risolva tali problemi."
,Recommended,446800,29325353,Posted: 17 January,all,mrtagnan,10/10 would install to many mods again
76561198029004952,Recommended,446800,26542277,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hyppe,"If you liked Train Fever, you'll like this and vice versa."
,Recommended,446800,26544541,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BovineForce,its good
76561197962968582,Recommended,446800,26543034,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,GaaRa,"quality/price is pretty good if u like that kind of games.It has some perfomance issues, but hope they keep working to fix them.Fun game that will distract u from quite a time."
76561197973231536,Recommended,446800,29662586,Posted: 2 February,all,Bult,"I hope they polish this fantastic game some more. I love whats here so far, but since Transport Tycoon my evolved and jaded gamer self needs MMO. Zooming in on the vehicles is such a draw for me down to the nitty gritties but there you see the inevitable templates in the models and sounds. More models and more ai and less lag and less bugs would make this 5 stars. Give us more of that please while reducing the lag and maintain or better overall performance. I so look forward to another iteration of this game but some needs need to be met. My biggest want is long time persistence. A casual multiplayer atmosphere would make me pay 100 dollars for the upgrade. And more detail in the zoomed perspective.Anyways buy this game - it scratches many itches so many game developers ignore. They'll see by the numbers of people who are involved that thers a viable market. And hope they catch the multiplayer bandwagon."
,Recommended,446800,26492545,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,PhiliThunder,"**Old review, some issues and problems are fixed now and i like the game even better :D****Copied fromhttps://www.tt-forums.net/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=74710&start=40**Okay so i have played this game for a good while now and i have got some stuff to say..First off i would also like to mention some performance issues. Nothing major for me now with texture quality on high not very high. Getting good framerates most of the time. However sometimes there are frame drops and especially the first loading times are really bad. Even with my new ""low-end-high-end"" gaming laptop.CPU: Intel Core I7 6700HQGPU: Nvidia Geforce GTX 960mMemory: 8GB DDR3(SSD installing and RAM doubling soon will see what that does)I also had some graphical problems in Europe on max texture quality. Not sure why, but some of the grass looked weird and dark. Pretty sure it was not supposed to be like that.And i can't seem to get it it to run in full HD properly (Can't see the whole screen) so not sure what is up about that. Still looks good though.I also had to manually get it to run with the dedicated graphics card because it did not in the beginning.Other than this i am loving the game both in freeplay and the campaign scenario stuff.The building system is really nice when you get used to the little weird things it sometimes does.I think there is some improvement that can be done with optimization as my system should be able to run this a bit better than it does.If the game only uses one core of the computer that is really weird and would definetely explain some things...**Great game anyways**"
,Recommended,446800,26605380,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Catastrophology,"This should be my 3rd or 4th review and yes it will still mention no man's sky!I was so excited for this game to come out. As much as no man's sky... And, oh boy I was NOT disapointed with Transport Fever! My faith in computer games as been restored... For ever."
76561198092859323,Not Recommended,446800,30743111,Posted: 25 March,all,Cloaked Gem,"If you're looking for a new OpenTTD, this is not it."
,Not Recommended,446800,26495095,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lord Cucumber,"I am severely disappointed by the game. It's really just Train Fever with a polished AI, a handful of new options and nice(r) graphics. Nowhere near the original Transport Tycoon series gameplay wise. Seven scenarios for each campaign. Really? SEVEN??? Fourteen scenarios to chew through, no thank you, without actual competition as far as I have been able to make out. What's the point in the first place if the only thing you can do is 'win'. look at the pretty new vehicles? I can tune into YouTube if I want to see an old steam train or aircraft do its thing.Nope, a total let down IMHO.I can't recommend this title. Buy Transport Tycoon instead if you can run it, or OTTD, it may be 20 years old but it's a ton more fun."
,Not Recommended,446800,26494643,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,nbarten,"The first time i start the game, the language is in Russian. Not a good start, but i'm really a fan of these kind of games and it was easily fixed (steam language of the game).However after trying to play the game for a while, i continued to have some kind of graphic flickering... it's hard to explain, sometimes just for a millisecond i see a flickering of some kind of object (different each time). It's really annoying, i tried all kind of things with the settings - AA off, HDR off, etc. No effect.While trying to solve this problem i remember also having the same problem with Train Fever, which i bought some years ago. I don't know anymore if it's still in that game, but it seems like this game has the same problems for me.Besides that, it really feels unoptimized. You click a button to start a game in the menu, you don't get immediately to the load screen - it just hangs for a while.Don't get me wrong, this game has a lot of potential. However i fear the problem i described above will never be fixed, and i just can't play it while having all kinds of flickering on the screen.First time i asked a refund for a game, it's a shame really."
,Recommended,446800,29688094,Posted: 4 February,all,DrWolfee,A very good game worth all the money.
76561198057871248,Not Recommended,446800,34440560,Posted: 23 August,all,LexTexMex,"I had hopes for this game to be like transport giant; an old game i played as a kid. But with the horrible financial system, terrible track/road building and the general slowness... of everything! Slowpace is a overly-nice way to put the sloth-in-molasses level of slowness this game operates in.I wasted way too much time on this game in hope of any progress at all, but its practically like chasing the purple dragon, it seems possible but it really isn`t! Take it from someone who played this for 9.5 hours is all i have to say!"
76561197970772522,Not Recommended,446800,33817797,Posted: 26 July,all,PKNecron,"Game has so much promiss, but is utterly lacking in intelligent design."
,Not Recommended,446800,33960128,Posted: 1 August,all,Obu Gaming,"Ok, i find this game frustrating. I can't get to place a cargo route even when the tutorial tells me to. A waste of $34 dollars plus 99 cents for no reason and $2 tax. I sort of want my money back but also don't. Steam don't return the money. I just wish it could be fixed. it should be able to do what it says it can do. I said no to recommend this game but just for the record, its a yes as well, awesome gameplay and graphics but bad execution. I'm reinstalling the game (Losing all save files) to try to fix it."
,Not Recommended,446800,34443044,Posted: 23 August,all,EVOPengWeng,game doesn't start up anymore :/ its was a good game (bcz of workshop)
,Recommended,446800,33637241,Posted: 18 July,all,gift card giveaway,Hitler Approved
76561198158015344,Not Recommended,446800,28762482,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,taurus432001,just horrable
76561198275701899,Not Recommended,446800,26727713,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,nathannutter1818,Can't even start a game.  My pc is not that bad i have a little better than the min. requirements but it crashes every time I even try and start a game.I can't recommend the game because I haven't been able to start a game. But if this issue gets solved i will write a better review.
76561198232209448,Not Recommended,446800,33934941,Posted: 31 July,all,Shammy,"A lot more fun to watch people play the game on YouTube than to actually play it yourself. Novel at first, frustrating, but after watching YouTube gameplays for about 5 days you should be able to play it. It isn't worth playing without the mods. Lots of mods. The base game was poorly implemented/planned. You won't enjoy it without the mods and the mods only make it tolerable. Rinse and repeat type of game. Novelty wears off quickly. Way too expensive. Someone might make a huge overhaul mod that might make it worth playing. Remember Stainless Steel 6.1 for Medieval Total war? That's what this game needs. A complete and total change into another game. It needs to be broken down, mixed up in a bag, spilled out, and then put back together with some thought this time. Can't recommend it.Looked great. Was actually a rather poor play.The problem is that by the time you figure out how to play it properly, it becomes stale and boring."
,Not Recommended,446800,32334033,Posted: 10 June,all,ozfighter,Would be a good game if they released it when it was finished.
76561198042000925,Not Recommended,446800,26629258,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dex,"This game is not finnished.The campain looks okay, but it gets boring. The free game is the main game, but this game is almoste not playable.The way that goods are so much bad. Cargo is dropping at wrong station. Cargo wants to go for place that not make sence. The building mechenics is bad. Roads dont follow the ground level, so you have to build roads pice by pice. This resuld in ugly roads.I realy try to like this game, but i only get frustrated.At this moment the game is not worth more then $ 10,-Edit: After 50h of gamplay the frustration is gone. I double the worth of the game to $ 20,-"
76561198034819429,Not Recommended,446800,34445093,Posted: 23 August,all,okruch,"NIce game... when loaded. Since loading any decent size map takes forever, game pretty much unplayable"
76561198111298139,Not Recommended,446800,29789218,Posted: 8 February,all,cardio211,"I dont usually write reviews, but I have to say please dont purchase this game. Its unplayable. I have a nice system and it freezes every time I try to play it. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY"
,Not Recommended,446800,35293916,Posted: 29 September,all,darffy1980,Alway Clash
76561197999371879,Recommended,446800,29348205,Posted: 18 January,all,Raidersc,I couldn't get the game to run
76561198326247743,Recommended,446800,31888751,Posted: 21 May,all,maxecon,rellay good
76561198033720036,Recommended,446800,26537094,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jason,"If you're wondering if this is a worthy successor to Open TTD, the answer is yes. It offers everything Open TTD does but with  modern graphics and is not tied to a grid system - you're free to build as you please. The only negative thing about it is there are no AI opponents available in the game. If you like Transport Tycoon games and don't mind it not having a competitive edge, then this is the game for you."
76561198353254982,Not Recommended,446800,28878900,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sandlaker25,i am so confused by this game not recemended
,Recommended,446800,28415195,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Computerfreak,"I love this game, and I don't even know why. I'll post a better review when I figure it out..."
,Not Recommended,446800,34897423,Posted: 12 September,all,itwins,"The Good (the only good thing I can say about it):- Visually stunning 1st person views as if you are driving the train or flying the plane. Love the pilot view!! (but hate looking at dirt after you hit ESC)The Bad:- Campaign gameplay is very similar to Microprose and Chris Sawyer's Railroad Tycoon series- ""Free Game"" is 90% identical to Microprose's Transport Tycoon Deluxe (or Chris Sawyer's Locomotion as it's called on Steam) but enhanced it with stunning visuals. The user interfaces look uncannily similar too. However, TTD does a better job when it comes to UI functionalities and gameplay. The developers must be a big fan of Chris Sawyer's games.- The tutorial is pretty nice but it's common sense, I don't need to learn the basics. I want to jump to the advanced courses. No such option! In the end I had to skip it all together.- Need a setting to define the size of the user interfaces. I feel sorry for those using 4K monitors; My 2K monitor is bad enough already. Definitely not playable for those who has presbyopia unless you buy glasses designed for looking at computer monitors.- No AI players to compete with therefore you can't play funny pranks on the stupid AI players like you can with TTD. LOL! Bummer!- No setting to define the density of towns and industries. Need more industries and more varieties!!- no setting to choose the percentage of land, water and mountains.- Only has about 2 dozen towns in the biggest map. The original TTD has at least 50 and OpenTTD has at least 100 towns!!!- In my current game, out of the 24 towns, only 4 are by the waters which makes building ships boring! My last biggest map, only 2 towns were by the waters. Wow! That's fun... :/- Industry icons are microscopic whether you zoomed out or zoomed in - have to click on each industry to identify. The purpose of zooming out is to see a larger map to identify the industry supply and demand locations and the best places to lay tracks. How about color-coding the industries like in TTD? That way you don't need icons and can be seen from afar.- industries are so sparse that it is not worth building routes for them, both economically and physically. So, this game is known to me as ""Passenger Transport Fever"" as I mostly build routes for passengers only. Zzzzzzzzz....- Not allowed to lay tracks when you zoomed out too far, which is pretty stupid. Alot of question marks on top my head!?!?I give up!"
76561198028146104,Not Recommended,446800,26527521,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,kjempff,"Some horrible inefficient management issues. For example, you cannot upgrade vehicles/trains without going to depot, cannot change train wagons without going to depot. Cannot share tracks, train stations are divided into passanger and cargo and the list continues.. track laying is really bad, hard to see contours while laying tracks, have to save every time I build tracks in case of block or other silly stuff.. etc.. etc..With all these issues in mind, it is just too tedious to be enjoyable.Needs serious attention to quality of life in future patches.Will check this game in some months to see if it has matured.Pretty disappointed at the moment, it is supposed to be a finished game and the quality is just not there right now."
,Not Recommended,446800,26490660,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ouhai_Ruby,"After watching some streams of the pre-release version, I was excited for this game. It seemed like a new version of Transport Tycoon, a game I love. Unfortunately it fell far short.Here is a list of issues I had within the 1st 10 minutes of playing the game:The music volume control does not change the music volume.The game freezes before and after every loading screen.The game freezes when trying to build anything.Moving mouse to the right edge of the screen does not move the camera as it should. (Top, bottom and left edges all work fine)I got a maximum of 20fps even when paused during the tutorial level. (My system is not the best, but is well above the minimum spec)I was going to try the game for an hour to see if it got any better, but couldn't because it crashed within 15 minutes of launching.For a full release of a game I was expecting something polished and stable, not this pile of bugs, freezes and crashes. I have requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,446800,26586496,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,hawkpilot,"After first patch, still plays like ♥♥♥♥. FPS drops to zero, zooming out freezes the screen for 0.5..1.0 seconds on a GTX970(!). Game time is completely unrealistic and the economy unbalanced. Stay away until it becomes optimized"
76561198040336646,Not Recommended,446800,34837624,Posted: 9 September,all,TheNamelessOne,"Cons: Supply chains won't output unless there is already demand for their output, which if you are used to more usual supply chain management from similar titles like Railroad Tychoon, can be very frustrating to adapt. The economy margins are very tight early game which makes starting tedious.Pros: Trains! Getting to ride along the tracks/trains/lines that you create."
76561197993252060,Not Recommended,446800,34688618,Posted: 2 September,all,Spazinski,"Just didn't really enjoy playing this for some reason. It just didn't feel rewarding to play. I immediately went back to OpenTTD (free), and logged another 100 hrs in that franchise instead."
76561198003233400,Not Recommended,446800,35144911,Posted: 22 September,all,fieryace,"Despite reviews saying that this is not like OpenTTD, this game is *exactly* like OpenTTD. And I know people are going to say ""it's a transport game, what did you expect?"" Well, I guess I expected something other than an OpenTTD clone."
,Not Recommended,446800,35131681,Posted: 22 September,all,Troy Taby,Nice games but so much features just doesn't work. Too bad.
,Not Recommended,446800,34978828,Posted: 15 September,all,Menethan,Story mod is fine but sandbox mod is full of problems. Needs more work and possibly changes on the economy factors. Not worth on it's current state.
,Not Recommended,446800,34740477,Posted: 4 September,all,[GWJ] WolfenVic,"I have given this game multiple chances, I want to like it, I wanted to like Train Fever too, but both games leave me going month without playing them or even wanting too. When I sit down to play either Train Fever or Transport Fever I know I'm going into an impossible game, the game of supply and demand is diffucult to get going and sometimes to trains you depend on to help you expand to be able to earn more, their maitence costs ramp up too fast to be useful. I think I may have finally figured out a way to beat this but at the same time it frustrated me it has taken two games to figure out what works and what doesn't.What also hurts my opinion of this title of the anti achievement stance they have taken. If I so much as add one vehicle mod or change it so I get a larger amount of vegitation on the screen, I can't get achievements. Where as other similar titles handle achivements and mods much better. City Skylines allows new buildings, new vehicles, and color correction mods without turning off achievements, but if you want to be able to do a first person camera, or something that the game actively wasn't meant to do, it turns off achievements. Why can't Transport Fever do that? Seperate the mods by type, vehicle and stations mods that don't go above or below certain settings don't turn achievements off while ones that created hundreds of people, or cost nearly nothing do?What I'm saying is the hardline stance is rediculious and is upsetting, and if it wasn't for the fact there are amazing models our there I probably wouldn't have cared and would have just been disappointed that the game has other issues.One other large issue I have is in fact the lack of vegitation, and lack of greenry with the USA map. I get the feeling the USA theme was based on Nebraska and a tiny bit of Colorado but to get any sort of Eastern US map I have to combine the US and EU map themes. Why can't the USA map theme have more color too it? I'd love to try and build up a transport empire in a northern rockies local, dealing with tunnel construction, and building roads/rails on cliff sides.Overall my current gripes and issues lead me to not really wanna recommend this to others, if you want a good Transport Tycoon in 3D game, give it a try but be ready for a few headaches and a hard learning curve. If you want a Railroad Tycoon type game, maybe hold out for Railway Empire, not sure how well it's gonna do but each time they show it, it has progressively looked better. At the end of the day, I'll probably keep playing this, I spent the money on it, but I doubt I'll ever get achivements or ever buy the sequel/DLC."
,Recommended,446800,26488771,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rolle,"It's OK and ""only"" OK. Not even close to OpenTTD level, but still decent compared to other transport games. I would still recommend it, because there's only a handful of games like this out there.+ Good graphics and effects+ Lots of vehicles from different eras+ Easy to set up routes and build roads/tracks+ Intuitive and clear production chains+ Steam Workshop integration- Lag and frame drops when placing objects, tracks or opening more than two vehicle windows. (and I have a i7/GTX1080)- Limited number of statistics and graphs available- Train signals, how do they work?!- No competitors/AI?- Little to no use for shipsDespite the flaws I want to keep playing. For those who love the genre, this definetely deserves a recommendation!"
76561198007270578,Not Recommended,446800,33527619,Posted: 13 July,all,Ranger one,"These are games that never should have been made in 3D. You spend more time argueing with the terrain than operating a network. If this is your cup of tea, then by all means buy the game."
76561198035590318,Not Recommended,446800,30122274,Posted: 23 February,all,OmagaAlpha,Played this game with day unfortunally for me does make make transporting things to placed fun other game do better that free.
76561198157060261,Recommended,446800,28506220,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Chaotic Gamer,Start game.Build train line.Build bus lineGo bankruptStart new game.Build boat lineBuild bus lineGo bankruptStart another game.Build long distance bus line.Build long distance bus line.Go bankrupt AGAIN....10/10 would go bankrupt again🤔🤔🤡🤡
,Not Recommended,446800,29697014,Posted: 4 February,all,juenger1701,game is crapruns horrablytrack system is a nightmaretrain AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ beyond all comprehension
76561198082547558,Not Recommended,446800,26514179,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,tookey_1,"This game is an absolute joke. Cannot even get to the game world without the game crashing. Have reduced settings, turned off audio...tried everything and the game will crash as soon as a map starts to load. I am sick to death of developers producing half-cocked junk and putting it to the market.Pull you heads in Urban Games!"
76561198165048002,Recommended,446800,28850913,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MuccaMadBoy01,HELP! I opened the game and it is set for 1920x1440 resolution and I cant get to settings because my screen resolution is 1920x1080.
76561198271118820,Not Recommended,446800,32994405,Posted: 29 June,all,hambiUK,"The game has great potential but in its present form just completely fails imoMy biggest grumble is that resources/industries are fixed from the outset. You cannot decide where to put a farm. Massess of open countryside and you cannot decide where to put any industries/farms they are all randomly placed by the game at the start. Often you end up with a farm at one end of the map and a food production plant at another. To develop effecient supply chains is impossible.To build infrastructure (track, lines, routes) takes ages before you can every really start the game.The game simply does not live up to the trailer. Very disappointing"
76561198138480988,Not Recommended,446800,29863666,Posted: 11 February,all,Morsmodre,my game always crash after i saved a game
,Not Recommended,446800,32742255,Posted: 24 June,all,Omen UK,"Didnt like it, seemed to lack instructions to tell you the basic controls which were not all that good when you did figure them out, just had a really bad experience playing it so was glad of the refund.  Personally would not recommend this game."
76561198323635574,Recommended,446800,28214214,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,jenna.barnet,its the best
,Not Recommended,446800,28625921,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,+tuz.,"Horribe Game, Crashes even after the new mac updates, just bad avoid, im going to get a refund.."
76561198062065497,Not Recommended,446800,33712529,Posted: 21 July,all,TylerGM2,"If you think you'll like this game, you will, Up untill you get to about the 70s and the game runs at 8 fps. If you want to play something like this wait for Mashinky"
76561198008513739,Recommended,446800,26505565,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SKIDROW,Love this game. Exelent - even support tripple screens - looks great in 1st person 9/10
76561197968847284,Recommended,446800,26486466,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,"First impression after 2 tutorials: works fine so far, no bugs and no crashes!!!"
,Not Recommended,446800,26504392,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,daoudatambadou15,waste of money it will keep crushing DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS THEY FIX IT THIS IS WRONG.
76561197977198491,Not Recommended,446800,33875764,Posted: 29 July,all,Ezekiel Rage[NL],After many hours of gameplay and many patches the switching/signalling is still broken. Trains still want to use ONE platform even if you have 8 of them.
76561198007069031,Not Recommended,446800,26488916,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jamestash9,It has a tendence to crash out when zooming in past a certain point and missed out textures everytime i tried to load a map.
76561198205536372,Not Recommended,446800,30477222,Posted: 12 March,all,Fat Dollar,Its garbage 10/10 would recommend not getting it
,Recommended,446800,26492738,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Colonel Himmlestache,Got 25% off For being loyal xdgreat game
76561198095679823,Not Recommended,446800,28265869,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,rickybare,"Doesn't even start. Also, when emailing the dev support team about your issue, don't expect any useful help or even a reply."
76561198259318232,Not Recommended,446800,30327257,Posted: 4 March,all,iceplopy,I played it for 8 min and with the lowest settings I got 16fps
76561198093803213,Not Recommended,446800,34905210,Posted: 12 September,all,junk,"After playing games like this from as far back as ""Trasport Tycoon"", I can honestly say that this game is not good at all. So much wrong with it, that I truly don't want to sit here and type it all out. Short and Sweet, I don't recommend this game to anyone that is looking for a ""Trasport Tycoon"" type of game."
76561198297088786,Not Recommended,446800,33228937,Posted: 4 July,all,usshipppy,"Slowest game ever, More waiting than gameplay, time consuming."
76561198178781215,Not Recommended,446800,26713921,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,naif_s,it's not owrk on my PC
76561198128603442,Not Recommended,446800,27271065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,emre.sayin,Unfortunately one of the worst game of its kind. full of bugs. i.e Ships &  trains cant find path and stuck . I do not reccomend the game.
76561197964945627,Not Recommended,446800,26625313,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tnfire_medic,It allows you to kill time however I would say it is only worth maybe $9.99 not $35 that they charge for it. This would be one that I would refund if possible.
,Not Recommended,446800,26491915,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,digital blackface,Lacks a lot of management/pathfinding features. Kinda spoils the experience.
,Not Recommended,446800,26493506,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Krzysiu Jarzyna,"I'm a real fan of tycoons and I have played a lot of them for last 20 years. This is my first game i ask for a refund. Don't buy this garbage.  The biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥i have seen since Train Fever (same developer). Stay away from this pathetic Gambitious Digital Entertainment.This game looks like it's intended to be a modern version of Transport Tycoon Deluxe, which is why I bought it. Unfortunately, right now it has got a lot of obvious problems, and no hope to be polished by this lazy ♥♥♥♥ers.- Apparently no competition and ridiculous economy,- It takes the bus one month to get from one station to another and the train needs a week to pass the bridge,- Drawing tracks is pretty tedious. If you try to just drag between points you more often than not get a road or track that looks like it was drawn by a drunken sailor as the thing tries to stick sharp curves in everything,- User interface is like from 90s,- Maps are ugly and empty,- Good example of why ""better"" graphics isn't equal to better gameThere are many other things like glitches and bugs but i don't recommend you to test this on your own."
76561197981034794,Not Recommended,446800,28395812,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,polar120,Horrible...
,Recommended,446800,26491476,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ned Slark,Trains are fun
76561197969731496,Not Recommended,446800,35163584,Posted: 23 September,all,HarNys,"this game did not meet my minimum requirements for UX, Teh controls are hard to operate. You can configure some of the controls bute fare from all. It's just frustrating to play this game. In adition this game is missing alot of quality of life features. jsut to metion one that is werry important: As carts are so flexible on what they can carry, let be specify what the train can carry on which part of th haul. Or go the way of Transport Tycoon and have one carriage for every type of goods.The game is very beautifull and has alot of potetial, but the problems mentioned abow just kills it for me"
,Not Recommended,446800,32743854,Posted: 24 June,all,DwarfComic,"Not horrible, but meh...there are other better transport games out there."
76561198121931131,Not Recommended,446800,28928160,Posted: 1 January,all,davidmoore668,"THIS GAME HAS TOO MANY BUGS IN IT AND I WANT MY MONEY BACK 100% ""PLEASE AND THAKYOU""                                                                                  P.S. THIS IS SUPER BAD GAME ALL TIME"
76561198082576520,Not Recommended,446800,34941367,Posted: 13 September,all,hateskrubs,"Probably the most lag infested game i've ever played.Simply put if you build too much this game eats up you're ram and crashes the game not sure whether its mods or whatand yes my computer is above the recomended specs.so no i dont recomend this piece of junk, only good thing is are the graphics"
76561198045422843,Recommended,446800,32353867,Posted: 11 June,all,Brostephano,This is a review of Transport Fever
76561198169602977,Recommended,446800,29712238,Posted: 4 February,all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe U,"i can t open the game on the nextday,what should i do?"
76561197960405803,Not Recommended,446800,33012148,Posted: 29 June,all,jerst,Painful to play and annoying
76561198028624576,Not Recommended,446800,33908594,Posted: 30 July,all,Fantome Dorient,"I was unable to play, crashes after a period of downloading after start menu!!"
76561198162316639,Not Recommended,446800,35055013,Posted: 18 September,all,FOSVD | theemightymoose,Transport Fever is fun for about half an hour then it just gets repetitve and obnoxious.
76561198104514636,Not Recommended,446800,26489773,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,bmoatd10,"Was extremely excited to play this game when it came out. the hype for me was pretty real. I tried playing the free game mode but the map kept on appearing really wierd. my game crashed minmum 5 minutes into the free game mode, not happy. if this does not stop i will request a refund from steam. please fix this issue asap. also i have 16gb of ram and a gtx970."
76561198038302560,Not Recommended,446800,31580994,Posted: 6 May,all,ShufflingMonkey,this game is friging♥♥♥♥♥♥ stay away!!
,Not Recommended,446800,26496468,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,NicN11,"DONT BUYLiterally a waste of money, cant even play the game.The game launches, you click any choice to start a game, whether it is the tutorial, campaign or free play and you get taken to a loading screen and then it freezes every time.ABSOLUTLEY UNPLAYABLE"
76561197983542658,Not Recommended,446800,26489756,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,king.chris,"What  a swizz.I have just downloaded the game and every time the map opens and I try to move around, the game crashes!I want my money back!It's not like I'm using an under performing laptop either; I'm running on a nearly new Alienware R3!It's a shame, I was looking forward to playing the game too."
76561198330770202,Not Recommended,446800,33961508,Posted: 1 August,all,Nuclear Coke,it was too complicated
,Not Recommended,446800,26491035,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Bloodquist,"Well things started when i tried the tutorial mission. Game crashed.Then i finally got it working, and i created a bus line. Great, now ""wait for the first passenger to use your bus"". Passenger never came.Next mission : ""make this train uses the line you just created"" train : ""unable to reach a destination"".Then the screen was moving to the bottom without any apparent reason.Then i'm waiting for a refund."
76561198028050200,Not Recommended,446800,26729599,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,stvtayl,Doesn't work with Intel Graphics Card
76561197972636156,Not Recommended,446800,26489649,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kieme(ITA),First minute in game:-mouse scroll on right side of the screen doesn't workClose game in order not to waste game time for refund.Refund pending.If this bug passed release version then I can only imagine the number of bugs in game...
76561198346626340,Not Recommended,446800,29698195,Posted: 4 February,all,llwchapman,it is not good
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,446800,33892223,Posted: 29 July,all,matty1monopoly,"It's just not what I expected. As far as the transportation industry games genre goes, it's great but for some reason I wanted something more like Euro Truck Simulator. Which is not a perfect game but it scratches an itch for business management that I enjoy. This game did not give me the same level of enjoyment. It's a shame because on the surface there is nothing wrong with this game. My problem could easily not be a problem at all for someone else. My main issue of the game is the lack of automation. In business games there's always the automation problem of how much to automate. Should you just give all your money to a computer AI and let them completely play the game for you or should you leave all management decisions to the player? Most games tend to fall somewhere in the middle, closer to one end or the other, I would say this game leans closer to leaving all management to the player but I just didn't feel like the business had any kind of tangible effect. I could even see cities grow as you provided more services to it but it just didn't have the same positive feeling. This game is frustrating to me because I can't point out specific problems, it's not even a game of a thousand cuts of things that are wrong. It just doesn't draw me in for more."
76561198015665105,Not Recommended,446800,26486540,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dominar Rygel 16th,So bugged and laggy. Probably need half year to finish job.
76561198072647607,Not Recommended,446800,26574695,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,mkparker01,.
76561198062811584,Not Recommended,446800,30842811,Posted: 30 March,all,papa et benjamin,1 campaign works and thats all.
,Not Recommended,446800,33846644,Posted: 27 July,all,TheFreyMaster,Confusing.  Couldn't figure out how to add damn train cars to the train.  Pass.
76561198003389803,Not Recommended,446800,26615728,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,A.Lock,This game worth buying
76561198053914664,Not Recommended,446800,33194986,Posted: 3 July,all,Labigcheese,"Froze my computer and caused it to corrupt it's OS. If you want to kill you PC and corrupt all of your files then this game is perfect if not, NEVER buy it.EDIT: ENTIRE HARD DRIVE ALSO DIED."
76561198123475121,Not Recommended,446800,26490188,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,2paravet,"AWFUL. This ""game"" won't even let me get into the tutorial before crashing. Plays the intro' and then tells me I have to learn how to lay tracks etc blah, blah, blah and then CRASH!!!! Refund applied for."
76561198080381598,Not Recommended,446800,27705514,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,farmakakistryfon,"The amount of shameless neoliberal propaganda in this game is unbelievable. I am quoting from the introduction of a game's mission:""The Iron Lady (i.e. Margaret Thatcher), has done capitalism a great service: She has shrunk the welfare state, pulverized the unions and placed public enterprises in the hands of private business. Ideal conditions for new projects!""If you've got the stomach to tollerate such puke thrown on your face in every milestone during the game do purchase it."
,Not Recommended,446800,26486314,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,dawnerd,4k resolution is totally screwed up. Having to disable UI scaling for it to work isn't acceptable in 2016 (almost 2017). Text becomes too small to read.
,Not Recommended,446800,26492759,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,draakspyro,game valt uit
76561198172553323,Not Recommended,446800,26490697,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,a juicy cookie,I can not change the language on this game!This game is unplayable for me i hate it!
76561197995564839,Not Recommended,446800,33887487,Posted: 29 July,all,Disonyxiated,"Terrible game, I regret not returning it when I still could."
,Not Recommended,446800,29594823,Posted: 30 January,all,Ayers,Strategist gameplay ... technical and requires a learning curve! It OK!
76561198082886587,Not Recommended,446800,26488711,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Cache,"The biggest pile of sh*t i have ever seen. It takes the bus one month to get from one station to another and the train needs a week to pass the bridge.There are many other things like glitches and bugs.Maybe they will fix it someday, but i spent my money for a full game not a half finished one."
76561198097876667,Not Recommended,446800,26486161,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Scouts,i would rate this game a 4 out of 10 there a lot of bug stell with the game like a line you set make you money for 2 or 3 year then it just stop working and there no way to fix itcan't wait to see what this game become later on but right now it lots of bugs
,Not Recommended,446800,26486527,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dalohn,Not TTD.Plenty of major bugs.Play if you can handle it.
76561198029967534,Not Recommended,446800,26486374,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Joerve,refunded it after 4 minutes. Takes an hour to load a large map. The framerate is low on my I7 5280K with 16 gig ram and a gtx980 and the graphics just look plain awfull.
76561198002129867,Not Recommended,446800,28215974,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dr. Freeman,"This game is bad. a very expensive unfinished game. Dont buy. Its almost a scam. It need a huge upgrade. don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy ,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy ,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy ,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy ,don´t buy, don´t buy, don´t buy"
76561198070716870,Not Recommended,446800,26486053,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,forxkuwait,"everytime I zoom in, the game crashes how do i fix this?the game looks good but i can't play it!"
,Not Recommended,446800,26491191,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Atlanical,Not the best game since you can't build houses / shops and you run out cash very fast.
76561198113811085,Recommended,446800,30658829,Posted: 21 March,all,d4rk_titan,"Good at the start, and provides hours of gameplay with mods, however it crashes when you build a complex system. Save every so often and you'll be OK, however if you don't save a bunch, you'll loose all your progress. I would reccomend this game however just remember to save (and download a bunch of mods)."
76561197972311620,Recommended,446800,30683277,Posted: 23 March,all,Robert Scott,"The people moaning about the game have not given it enough time to appreciate it, there is a learning curve to it.The key thing to understand is the daisy chain; you may be shipping lots of oil and grain to the plastic factory, and be pounding your leyboard that you are not producing more plastic, but if no one is consuming or asking for it, the factory will not make much.Thus it is easier to start with making fuel and food, and sending it to cities, first, it is an easy chain.   Ship the fuel to an industrial station, the food to commercial. The other chains require setting the thing up in its entirety, and are best left for later.    Machine plants require all sorts of stuff coming in, and cities consuming the products, it is a little more complex.When one wants to kick back, one can make some changes, and relax riding your trains first person while those changes percolate through the system.  It is like riding the trains on RRT 3 only much better.Many of the weird quirks of Train Fever have been eliminated or made greatly better in Transport Tycoon, like the odd missing bits of track when building that took a while to notice.So 4.5 Stars, and endless replayability, and this comes from someone who has played RRT 1, 2, 3, Locomotion, Open TTD etc.Get the Industry Tycoon mod, it is essential.  The vanilla game will spawn let's say three food plants near each other, and the nearest farm many miles away.  It is not challenging it is counter intuitive and annoying.  Skip restarting the game and hoping for a good seed; buy whatever plant you want and put it where you want.  It is not a cheat, it is working around a bit of programming idiocy like someone would build four refineries in the mountains nowhere near any oil well."
,Recommended,446800,30611361,Posted: 19 March,all,HaNaK0,This is a quite fun game and in the style of transport tycoon or railroad tycoon 3
,Recommended,446800,30574708,Posted: 17 March,all,Vin,A new and nicely done Transport Tycoon.
,Recommended,446800,30587716,Posted: 18 March,all,Tommiejay,"Transport FeverTransport Fever provides the player with unlimited freedom to build, develop and play. The creation tools allow for a diverse system with a mulitude of transport modes, making for a unique experience each time. Basic knowledge of transport systems and requirements may assist players in developing their empire, either on the ground or above the clouds. The depth of detail and data is impeccable in comparison to other simulations, this allows the player to review and reflect on progress.Tommie-Jay Reid-Davis"
,Recommended,446800,30623779,Posted: 19 March,all,founderio,"So far, this game has been great fun, and more to come!If you are into fiddling with road & track placement, and love trains (or boats, or trucks, or planes, I guess...) like me - definitely get it!Beautiful game!"
76561198030806164,Recommended,446800,30621657,Posted: 19 March,all,pnov.pkv,"Evolved Train Fever with fixes to annoying things and features. If you like to chill and play with trains, it's a good choice."
76561197998485147,Recommended,446800,30630055,Posted: 19 March,all,MasterOfTemplar,"I'm an old Fan of Transport Tycoon games so I'm going to bit a biased on that matter, this is the type of game I love. You can really build a very complex transport network from the very old begginings to recent times. It's important to understand the end to end concept of the supply chain the game uses, you need to start with the most simple chain, the first obvious are the passengers, connecting the towns. Anyway not a hard game if you master the first years of your 'Tranport Empire', everything else after that is even more fun for a SandBox gaming, starting from humble begginings. The game is recently improving the perfomance, and after a few releases I can tell it's playabe even with lots of lines and vehicles running. There are some issues I noticed, most of them related to graphic glitches (I still notice them with my hardware, AMD), maybe you won't. There are some things the developers could improve on the usability side (and seems they will), like when upgrading lines, the ship collisions, which reduce the realistic side of the game. But even with some drawbacks, I can tell this game is really fun for those are fan of Economic and SandBox games. Most important it will get better and the community is building more improvements which will be make it even more interesting in the future."
76561198004379535,Recommended,446800,30714344,Posted: 24 March,all,Nelgoth,"Great game that scratches the transport tycoon itch better than most of the competition. It still needs a bit of patching, but it sounds like this is forethcomming. Also, the $34.99 price point may be a bit hard to swallow if you are not seriously shopping for a tycoon game, but most buyers should be able to get 100+ hours of enjoyment out of the game, even with the current level of content ."
76561198017112418,Recommended,446800,30752261,Posted: 26 March,all,V0113,"Very good game, but I would like to see more diversity among the factories and resources required."
,Not Recommended,446800,29805931,Posted: 9 February,all,Omegamerc,"I sincerely want to love this game; TTD/OTTD and the ilks are the gold standard of transporation games. The primary reason being the train network and track system was thoughtful and properly made.CONS:My main issues w/this game revolve around the train tracks/track/signals...*Trains will only recognize the trian signal (two way) but not the train thats behind it; especially problematic at a train station.*If you have a track interchange trains love for no good reason to be on the WRONG side of the track, effectively making your game a one track deal, no complexity at all.*Train stations hate a terminal style stops where the trains must be reversed (instead of one continuous loop) causing jams with trains runnig behind it.  The train that runs into the station wont use the empty slot, instead, will go into the occupied slot.*If you have a cross over tracks, the trains wont recognize the empty track, instead, it enters the busy / full track (issue is preset at a station/cross over before a station)*No train 'bypass signal' feature (leading you to destroy all the train signals on a line in order to get the train to move*No train movement if it can't find a path (see above)*Early year trains+cart setups are extremely expensive; often going bankrupt due to the slow pace and long distances the game map carries.*Engines + carts tend to cost the same, sometimes carts will cost more, a bit bizzare.*Time is really skewed, a train traveling between two towns will take a couple of minutes between two stations, but the games 'time' is hyper fast - so a round trip between two towns will take 1 year, but the km traveled doesnt equate to the amount of time.*Once you send a train into the depot you cant send the train back out without re-selecting the line you want it to run again; problematic later in game when one track shares multiple routes and multiple configurations and not rememebering the line where that train came out of.*Terrain leveling with laying track can get weird when you create a new train yard in ground not perfectly leveled. Sometimes the track refuses to be built into the yard (the yard tends to prop itself up on a little bit of dirt to level it off).  Leading you to mess with a large mass of dirt to get the 'right mix' of dirt + angle to get a train out of the yard.*No unit collision - Its like a ghost trains when they travel on the same track... (holds true for vehicles at a station too)*If you build two different lines consuming the same product (ie steel going to two locations) - location #2 will get stacked w/all the material while location one will receive a small fraction of the product.  Even if you remove the second line,the first line  wont get any more material.Some other misc issues:*Delivering products to a factory doesn't mean you will get goods to be dropped off at your cargo area for you to deliver to cities (even if there are no competitors and you deliever large amounts)*Raw material producers will randomly collapse their output with out reason (this is not the 'downgrade/upgrade' feature) - so you might get years where you have 100s of units of raw matearial produced and carried while other years the factory will produce 1 or 2 causing your budget to swing for the ropes*The unit rundown/cost hits across all units at the same time - causing a massive budge swing*There doesnt seem to be logic behind the cost increase expense to run a train (listed as a base plus a %)  - sometimes it'll be 5%, sometimes 14% - sometimes it will go from 14% down to 12% when I add more cars to the train itself, which sounds counter intuitive if you are going to add more carts to a train; it'll tax it more.*Shadow issues on far away drawn shadows on my Nvidia 980ti + ATI RX480*4k doesn't scale ; so you get ultra tiny boxes + text rendering it near useless when I play on the TV----That said; these are all the negatives that prohibit me in part or in whole to recommend this game.  I want to love it and I will keep playing it, but its a matter of time before I shelve it for all these issues.Hoping these issues get resolved to edit and update this!"
76561197962560192,Recommended,446800,27886869,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ErwinVonRommel,Once you get the understanding of how the supply chain works in this game it is a great zen chill game. Just watching trains roll through the coutry side is enjoyable. Very much enjoy this game.
,Recommended,446800,27830490,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kaffe,At first it seemed like just a repackaged Train Fever but after a while all the improvements tho the formula as well as the new features really justifies this being it's own thing. I highly recommend this for anyone that is intrested in the concep of running a transport company.performance issues might kill the game for some people.
76561198032293505,Recommended,446800,27872801,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SmoGy,Leave your weekends free :)
76561197998815963,Recommended,446800,27860854,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yelors,So far I have put in 54 hours into this game so far. This game so far is hard but that what makes it fun. Most games like this when you get about halfway through your city or company it makes a lot of money where you can keep blowing it and not worry about going broke.
76561198127039009,Recommended,446800,27861826,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wrekr006,"I can't believe how well made this game is. It's so very enjoyable, and I find myself thinking about train routing and how to generate demand while I'm not playing. This is the first time in my life I feel like I'm actually using my Supply Chain Management degree for something actually related to what I studied!!"
76561198094624466,Recommended,446800,27894830,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kool_Kurt,Super addictive! 10/10
,Recommended,446800,27749998,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cometaa,"An amazing transport tycoon style game! It has it all; trucks, trains, boats, and planes.Pros:Really fun game for the genreMOD Support!!!Fun sandbox and campagin modesCons:Could use a bit more optimization as there are sometimes a few lag splikes"
76561198288712652,Recommended,446800,27813983,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,liviu.parra,"I enjoy playing, but I hope some future mods or updates will adjust the behaviour of the game. It feels a bit chaotic at times or with some features missing, you can only find the lenght of a train after you buy it. Or a trip with the TGV between 2 towns that will take half an hour with a car IRL in the game takes 3 months.I did not play the tutorial or any campaign, after so many years of transport tycoon I can't go back to play a tutorial where I have to connect two towns. So I hope I will find out how things really work at some point.I really think this has a chance to replace OTTD for myself, those 2D graphics are getting to me."
,Recommended,446800,27795421,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BCarter,"Seems a lot like a remake of an old transport tycoon game from years back.  But so far, overall I'd have to give it a thumbs up.  Smooth graphics and game play.    Especially like that it can be modded!!!!"
,Recommended,446800,27905391,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jjmckinlay,fix your game every time i try to play it auto crashes.
76561198008970837,Recommended,446800,27920129,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Scriffis,If you like tycoon games you'll love Transport Fever. Challenging and fun.
76561198090756194,Recommended,446800,27917819,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rooz,i like alot play 3 days straightonly con is the fps drops for me
,Recommended,446800,27776393,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kossimer,"The first true modern successor to TDD, because it's just as complete and more. It scratches an itch Cities Skylines doesn't. Together they're whole."
76561198033573417,Recommended,446800,27791305,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lord SecretSpy,I beleive anyone any age can truely enjoying creating all levels of transport and help desgin a truely amazing art in planing your network even on easy is hard staying with in protocol. A massive hugs to the developers had done amazing detail to the vehicles
,Recommended,446800,27399184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gr3yh0und,Really good game although it still has a lot of problems like factory management/route management or the FPS lag. But the devs already rolled out the first patch which is quite good and hopefully there are more coming.You can get addicted to this and forget the time...
,Recommended,446800,27412915,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Officer McCann [289],"This is the culmination of the tycoon genre. Transport Fever is poised to do everything right for the genre provided the developers continue to patch, optimize, and care for their game. This responsibility is also a duty of the community of modders and content creators so that there is continued interest in this and future games of this nature.All in all, a great and worthwhile purchase."
,Recommended,446800,27461551,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Super Duper Weenie,"I love me a good Transport Tycoon kind of a game and this is a pretty good one. This is the closest you'll get to TTD like game these days, aside from playing OpenTTD and maybe A-Train 9. A-Train 9 is for crazy people though.I also have played Train Fever. And this game brings many improvements over Train Fever. Like more complex industry chains, bigger transportation method variety, more vehicle variety, more complex railroad building (lol t-junction in Train Fever).This game does have some issues.Rail and road laying is out to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, it has improved since TF though.I saw a ship sail the land! Too bad it was on the EU map. Would've looked great on the USA desert.Sadly the game also lacks multiplayer and AI competitors. pls provide"
,Recommended,446800,27075628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ppickeri,"Definitely having fun with this game. It has a few rough edges, but overall it's a fun Railroad Tycoon, classic A-Train like management sim. I'd give it an 8/10."
76561198042745907,Recommended,446800,27072307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zodiacgen,Just absolutely amazingly fun game. Able to spend so much time with it.
,Recommended,446800,27072866,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pineapple Sandwich,"Largely just an update to 'Train Fever', with the addition of planes and ships and additional flexibility when laying tracks and roads. Should have been a DLC, not an entire new game. Not worth the entire new game pricetag. Performance still very poor, especially at the end of each month."
,Recommended,446800,27456005,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,adrianb,Improved version of Train Fever. A nice touch with the campaigns. Best transport game since Rail Road Tycoon.
76561197991896202,Recommended,446800,27405416,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,chrismaddy,Great game with great potential for community creators to expand upon
76561198079777209,Recommended,446800,27413884,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Woodlindcreature,its a good but frustrating game. The supply chains can be amzing or a demon from hell. Still love playing this game though
,Recommended,446800,27517752,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,drevil,I like it :)
,Recommended,446800,27370863,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Stick,"If you loved the old Railroad Tycoon games, or SimCity, Cities Skylines or Cities XL, this is the game for you! Take control of your own diverse transport empire, building trains, trucks, busses, trams, planes, pretty much any vehicle to haul cargo or passengers around the map and make your fortune. THis is one of those games you can sink hours and hours into, and the attention to detail and realism blows the mind! One of my favorite things about this game is that it is a transport simulator, not a city builder, so you aren't in control of placing residential and commercial units, but rather in charge of optimizing the transport of passengers and freight. As long as you lay roads in the towns, and do a good job of increasing goods coming into them, they will grow on their own, and it makes for an organic experience that you're involved in, but not totally in control of. This takes away some of the micromanagement aspects of games like Cities Skylines, but gives you tons of freedom to build things the way you want, and influence the growth of towns ina  different way. I recommend this game highly to anyone who is a fan of this genre of game, and I feel like the devs are responsive to feedback as well, which is a big bonus. The tutorial could stand to be a bit more in depth, but everything makes sense once you understand it. There are loads of Youtubers making excellent videos on this game, so if you're stuck, that's a resource to take advantage of."
76561198036637844,Recommended,446800,27430655,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ossiwozzy,"Just an Awesome Game,"
76561197996027185,Recommended,446800,26697382,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,theNeverEnd,"I find this game quite playable and enjoyable although some things are not fully implemented. Any one who likes (O)TTD can enjoy this game, but expect differences.Pros: Detail. Multi transports. Transport hubs. SP Campaign design goals.  Flexibility on building.There are minor issues. I don't want to be too much critic, as I said I enjoy it.The game needs some performance tweeks. The freezes anually with autosaves for me is quite acceptable. <1s. The game lags badly in campaign EU mission 4 somehow to me. But in bigger maps works fine.Hope to be implemented:1. Better cargo management. The auto cargo allows multi cargo, and manual setup no2. Better replacement mechanism. It takes a while to replace a large set of vehicles, meanwhile, the replacement3. Car passing. This affects the previous point as well. You just get fast trucks stuck behind the old ones.4. Manual! I cannot read RTFM, especially for advanced concepts. I had to dig out them.5. Fix some bugs, like scolling in 1920x1080. There are more like upgrading infrastructure and cargo on it with active lines6. I read some features are missing and will be implemented. I just hope not in DLC.7. Tracks are cheap, trains are expensive. I find quite hard to upgrade my 160m coal train to a newer modes. Sometimes the newer model, not only.8. Some details are obscure on the game."
,Recommended,446800,26728096,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ims,"Once you learn what makes the game tick and set up a balanced transport network that does not over-stretch, the result is a well-oiled digital microcosm that is mesmerizing to behold. It really is like watching over a model railway that has come to life with little industries producing raw materials, refining, all in response to variances in demand and your ability to ship the goods. The vehicles are all gorgeous, but I think the trains will always be extra special in this series. It's tricky to wrap your head around in the beginning, and this gets a lot of people frustrated because they think there's something wrong with the game. 9/10 times that is not the case, and once it starts to click you'll realize that it's far more clever than you initially assumed.It's currently not without its issues, but the core mechanics are pretty solid and despite some flaws in polish, its playability hardly suffers from it. And I'm easily annoyed. Highly recommended for patient transport tycoon wannabes."
76561198274187058,Recommended,446800,26738534,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,elias.martin,"At the moment there are still a few bugs and performance issues that should be fixed. But the game itself is amazing! I love the game mechanics, graphics and the fact that it is mod friendly."
76561197976344279,Not Recommended,446800,29751083,Posted: 6 February,all,-]{-Cigar,"Attempted to run this game of OSX but it was completely un-playable. I could not get the tutorial or campaign to load at ALL until I installed a special tool to ensure that only my Nvidia GFX card would be used. After installing that tool, I was able to get it to run, but it crashed after about 7 minutes of gameplay. A quality product should not need this much hand-holding. Guess I'll be going back to OpenTTD. I requested a refund."
,Recommended,446800,27009478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bug,Feels like an updated version of Transport Tycoon.A lot of potential in this game but it is already a lot of fun.
,Not Recommended,446800,26550505,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gabz007,"My bad, I thought that wood plans could be used by cities which I thought would have been an easy start but then I realised that cities don't need them. Just need to make actual game time to shown date ratio closer and maybe ad hours and daytime cycles to make it more realistic.A major problem since a while is the ""too much slope"" message bug almost near every train station that has the slightest slope and that you try to make an X cross section between two railways..."
76561198039160649,Recommended,446800,26726962,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PixelPlays,"I have not been playing it for very long. And thus far, it is very hard to get used to. But it seems like once you get used to it and get your lines set properly, you can go from $30m to $30b.it may take me a while to get to that point because I have no idea what I am doing.All together, the game is pretty fun, very nice looking"
,Recommended,446800,26870262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quittung,"Basically, Transport Fever is a more polished version of Train Fever with additional vehicles.I liked Train Fever a lot, but a few things (e.g. awkward track laying, 20 minute rule, etc.) always annoyed me. All of those issues are now gone; I have no issues with TpF that I wouldn't consider nitpicking.Right now (ca. 2 weeks after launch) TpF still lack the quantity of mods that TF enjoyed, but that is already changing.After 40+ hours of engaging gameplay, I still don't regret my decision to buy the game. This is the iteration of TF I always wanted. It is, in my opinion, the best 3D train-y tycoon-y game currently available."
76561198049509241,Recommended,446800,26866634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Laffe3070,"So nice to finally have a good replacement for Locomotion, some ten years later! I also enjoyed Train Fever though it felt very much like an early release.Transport Fever corrects many wrongs from Train Fever and adds a lot more detail. Laying tracks have never been more fun!Though there are still a lot of things to improve. Most urgently the industry supply and demand model, it is far to common to see empty trains because manufactures refuses to increase production despite the high demand. There has just been a patch that partly addresses this issue but the problem remains.As the game progresses and cities grows there seems to be more performance issues, and I see lagging despite my newly updated system, though a performance patch is expected.I do hope to see more updates to make this a truly great game!"
76561198007250224,Recommended,446800,26890517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Barboss,More Assets for More 'Eye Candy' !
76561197993646498,Recommended,446800,26976796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kroll,Good game very relaxing to play.
,Recommended,446800,26931996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mariah Wolves,After playing Train Fever. Transport Fever is a step up. Now with ships and airplanes. you can own the sea and sky. Much fun to play with and without mods. comes with two campaigns and now you can start a new game as far as 1990.
76561198007264383,Recommended,446800,26931853,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Travis C.,Much better then the First
,Recommended,446800,26942785,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mike West,"Transport Fever is the bigger, better sequel to Train Fever, but truth be told it's more of a finished product to Train Fever's obvious beta.While the graphics hasn't changed much, with some cosmetic add-ons like custom vehicle colors and customizable company logos, that is not really that important. More important changes were introduced to gameplay: city growth has been made easier to understand with commercial and industrial buildings serving as sinks for different resources, number of resources produced by industries on the map was increased to eighteen and several improvements have been made to the resource transport and construction mechanics - for example, stations can now be upgraded with additional platforms without the need to bulldoze them first, and crossings are easier to clean up. There are still some quirks like the need to rotate all buildings manually (they don't automatically snap to the streets and rails like in Train Fever). Also, game balance was tweaked slightly - now early game is slightly harder while late game is a little easier, in an inversion of what I encountered in Train Fever, making the early-game setup more demanding and rewarding.Also, a campaign mode has been added, but its most significant flaw is clunky and sometimes confusing interface.Overall, it's an significant improvement over Train Fever, with better mechanics and more content that right now needs some more polishing and tweaking, but it doesn't feel like a half-baked beta."
76561198116146209,Recommended,446800,26941177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SanditeSpartan117,"As of Nov. 23, 2016Transport Fever is an addictive game just like it's predecessor, Train Fever.  I lose track of time just about every time I play. BUT, even though it's addictive, it still has a lot of kinks to work out. Let's just get into it shall we....ProsLOD has improved from Train FeverBIGGER MAPS!customization of vehiclesa more complex industry modelcampaigns and tutorialspowerful track/road laying toolsbetter line managementConsclipping issues with planes and ships, and minor clipping in first personlow frame-rate going into late gamesome missing textures(kinda funny) spinning tailfin on the Dornier Do-B Merkur (bug)stability issuessome campaign maps are buggyI will edit those bullets as updates come out.The missions are very unique with real-life history backgrounds, but with a little twist to change it up. Altough I fairly enjoyed the missions, some of them were a little confusing getting past some barriers. Europe Missions 5 & 6 just to name a few. I had to 'cheat' my way through those by means that the devs did not intend. And some of them are also fairly laggy and unstable, but I did not experience any game crashes. Just some stuttering here and there mainly in Europe Mission 6. And mind you, I have a GTX 970 card, AMD FX-6300 (quad core) cpu, and 8gb RAM, so this game should run almost flawlessly.They really beefed up the prices including the maintenance costs on the trains. You have to be very careful of how you use them. It is not hard to lose a lot of money in this game. (Tip: Passenger service will almost certainly earn you money, that is if you know how to properly set it up)It will take some experience to get used to the game. Just give it some time and have an open mind when you play. Every game is different, and this one sure is from all the other transport games. If you can't seem to make money, just look up tutorials on YouTube, there are a lot of experienced players out there willing to share their ideas. Colonel Failure to name one of them, has a nice tutorial of how to be successful early on.It is a true successor to Train Fever, which lacked some features that I'm not going to get into at the moment, you can just read the reviews there to find out more. I would definitely recommend this game, even to new players. The devs will be working out the crashes and stability issues over time. Have patience my friends!Summary:Rating: 7.5/10Despite the clipping and some missing textures and minor stability issues, you can experiene a nice gaming experience which can get you lost in time."
,Recommended,446800,26951408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KnightSola1re,"This game is oh so very fun, It drags you in and you could lose hours on hours of time into this game.Ramen and Mtn. Dew neccasary"
76561197960472219,Recommended,446800,26945992,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dietz0r,If you like trains and all other transport this one will sattisfy your needs. Let's hope the Dev's will update it regularly.
76561198067456199,Recommended,446800,26849697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spleth,"I think this is one of the best transport tycoons ever, maybe only beaten by OpenTTD"
76561198031141254,Recommended,446800,26913963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MonzUn,Best TTD-like game I've played since TTD!
76561198007427669,Recommended,446800,26850441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mofflewaffle 😎,not a bad game if you like transport games
,Recommended,446800,27710884,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,icer362,"Cool game, could use a little bit of touching up, but the concept is amazing. This game doesn't baby you, or go here need a hand, but it also doesn't blind side you either, if you are failing it is because you didn't think ahead, or just made a mistake of your own design."
,Recommended,446800,27733607,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PlayMoto,"Transport fever is one of these games, that draws you back into it every single time. Just one more thing to watch, to do or to delete.Support is great and building is very intuitive. Nice addition to Transport Fever is the vehicle front camera view, where you ride along on the front of the unit. That is so cool.Transport fever is a major improvement from Train Fever, you can build, watch and grow your transport empire."
76561198097019480,Recommended,446800,27556364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Other than a few stability issues, this game is like a fun challenge of trying different things to make the most money you possibly can with the least amount of trains, cars/horses, boats, and planes."
76561198165655420,Recommended,446800,31294333,Posted: 22 April,all,soffietto,"Amazing game, endless play, like transport giant and the old simulation games rolled into one beautifully packaged version! :)"
76561197972078214,Recommended,446800,31292602,Posted: 22 April,all,Loomia,i miss a career mode from the early to the future...
76561197970456662,Recommended,446800,31333572,Posted: 23 April,all,Otrex,"We need more transport games such as this.  Yes, still some bugs to be worked out, including performance issues, but if you're a fan of logistics games, this is a pretty good choice.Here's hoping there's a MP version at some point!"
76561198015302194,Recommended,446800,33204134,Posted: 3 July,all,Ming Jr,Good game as you'll always find a different way to play and will never be happy with your previous attempt so will start again.
,Recommended,446800,33212636,Posted: 3 July,all,NickNameID,nice.
76561198170590875,Recommended,446800,33248857,Posted: 4 July,all,OMDUK79,"Absolutely fantastic, great game I love the aspect and feel to this game spent hours upon hours figuring and creating new transport and ways to make profit! I use this to get away from the stress in the real world and just play and have fun! Love how it goes from 1850 to 1850+ love to see the world transform with new technology and new buildings and cars and more! Great game if you love city builders and tycoons and transport games! Definitely recommend love it :D Worth every penny!"
76561198012350669,Recommended,446800,33281693,Posted: 5 July,all,k.butt,I have 2 Programs that may not work with the new update they areAdvanced Astations and Complecated Stations si if you are having a probluim.it might be them that are causing the troublemight pay to remove the above before you download the latist update
,Recommended,446800,33332432,Posted: 6 July,all,[NcK]MasterShake|CM,"I've loved this genre of games ever since I played TTD as a kid and was completely overwhelmed by it. Like any of these game, this one has its own mechanics that take a couple of hours to figure out. Once you realize that rail lines serve a purpose but are not the be all end all of getting x to y, it's a very enjoyable game. If you find tycoon games enjoyable, this is an entirely respectable game and worth buying.+Success requires multiple modes of transportation.+Easily can bankrupt yourself+Freight and passenger routing is well done+Industry growth is generally predictable+Lots of variety in vehicles+Campaign is a good challenge if going for medals+Cities grow in a dynamic and reasonable way~Not sure I would have modeled common traffic... it's more annoying than anything~Starting in 1850 can be slllooooowwwwww~Construction interface could be more robust, esp. for bridges and tunnels~The people all stare slightly up as though they know you are manipulating their lives-LOD and shadow pop drives me nuts-Pretty barren outside of the cities-Raise/Lower track can be tedious"
76561198052381020,Not Recommended,446800,33338021,Posted: 7 July,all,HJ,"I did not find this game fun. Love Railroad Tycoon, Sid Miers Railroads and Pritrician 3 and 4 some what. But this does not compare to them and I probably should not try to do so. I guess just moving products around is not for me."
76561198053656072,Recommended,446800,33533150,Posted: 14 July,all,Warbeck,"I have given this a thumbs up, but there is lots here that can be improved. For me to really enjoy this, I had to get a few mods to really be able to play the game, which is a shame.I find way too much about this game fristrating- track placement is unecessarily difficult and seeing industries dry up even when you're shipping all the cargo you can is really annoying. I understand that there has to be demand for it, but after 8 hours of trying I've not once been able to set up a network and acutally grow a city at all. I'm really sad because I wanted so much to love this and so far I've not felt much urge to stick with this one.The graphics are nice enough but the landscape is really empty and lifeless, I really like to have seen more tress and rocks at least in the environment.I played a lot of free play as well and was frustrated with the lack of options for the maps- you can control map size and that's about it."
76561198006633223,Recommended,446800,30467692,Posted: 12 March,all,vonTüchel,"I got this game when it was on discount and, given the amount of enjoyable gameplay I have already drawn from it, I think that it is worth buying even at full price.I think it is a very decent transport simulation and the good mod support with all the maps, trains and stuff that you can download to enrich your gameplay make for a lot of replayability, if you like these kind of sandbox-simulation games.I also liked the campaign mode, which is what I played for the most part of my gametime so far. It poses different challenges and forces the player to get to know the ins and outs of the game one step at a time, so I would definitely recommend playing through at least one of the two campaigns (1 for Europe and 1 for America, each containing 7 missions which last several hours each) to get to know how everything works, because the ingame tool-tips, and this is one of the major weakness I could detect aside from some performance problems on big maps, with lots of things moving around, are far from perfect.In fact, the game does not explain very well how everything works and what you could do to overcome certain problems. But there is a healthy online community dedicated to the game and so far I have found a solution to every problem I faced by just googling it. But more information ingame would be preferable.Another thing that I feel negative about is the way building rails and roads works. If you have anything but a completely flat map, you will often find yourself in situations in which the rails cannot connect to the stations you built due to terrain difficulties. The only solution I found to this so far is to delete the rails and try to set them in a different way. But this costs you money and especially in the early stages of the game, when you don't have any this is very annoying. There should be some way to revert building placement, to alleviate for the tricky way building in this game works. I hope this will be adressed at some point in the future, because it would rid the game of one major point of frustration I have encountered so far."
76561197987887083,Recommended,446800,30431756,Posted: 10 March,all,Pølsetrynet,Most addictive game ever!
76561198009625167,Recommended,446800,29254780,Posted: 14 January,all,yazah,"I great addition to the genre. Very similar to the old Transport Tycoon / Transport Giant games. It has good open world options so you can define the parameters you want, as well as two ""through time"" story lines that you can play that have ~7 levels each. The addition of Steam Workshop makes this even better."
76561198025470751,Recommended,446800,29388710,Posted: 20 January,all,kandoivinay,A really addictive game with some missing elements.
,Recommended,446800,29383983,Posted: 20 January,all,vindicator9,"TRANSPORT FEVER When I first saw it I went nuts about it, so I purchased it and went straight to playing it.But I soon found out that this game is easy to learn but hard to master, if you like spending like 2 hours on laying 1 littel pice of track or road than this is your game. If you dont lik that than I stil recomend to give it a try when it is on sale so it is a bit cheaper.It is a sloo going game but that wil make it a bit easier in the beginning. Than I have to mention the great modding comunety for there amazing work thy make.So I think it a good game with some greate modders but it is hard to master and it is a bit on the expensive side."
,Recommended,446800,27694695,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Glockshna,"This game is a solid improvement on Train fever and worth buying if you really enjoyed Train Fever.Some issues still exist though. The performance of the game has not improved substantially. The game no longer hitches as bad at the end of the month but other than that the performance is about the same.Most of the game mechanics have been improved though. Track and road building are substantially better. Crossovers are possible now which open up a world of potential for complex tracks. The 20 minute rule seems to be gone making cargo behave a bit more intuitively, although there are still some oddities getting cargo to ramp up when the destination is far away.Overall I'd recommend it, but only if you're a big fan of transport tycoon games. (Be aware that this game works very differently to Open TTD, but don't let that stop you)"
,Recommended,446800,27692774,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,manupia,"Very addictive game, after many years I finally found a game that is as fun as OTTD, with amazing graphics and playability. Well done!"
,Recommended,446800,27694145,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FuBeNaLvO,Great game. Good as transport tycoon was before.
76561198142959203,Recommended,446800,27606282,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,C.J_Hume,"Great Game! I loved Train Fever so there was almost no doubt I would love this. It is definately not perfect, this game is much better than its predecessor and improved on almost everything. However I did say it isn't perfect. This game (from my experience) can't run on Macs. I did experience the same bug in Train Fever so the devs probably need to get on this and quickly, but when I load into the game after a year or a few and sometimes as soon as I load in, everything goes black and then the game crashes. On windows the game seems to work fine and this glitch doesn't occur. I think it would definately help the game if this was fixed. There is also some troubles in the late game with how bad the framerate is, but I know the devs are on that so I won't complain about it. Overall I think that this game is great for someone who is into managment games and building games such as Cities Skylines or Transport Tycoon. When you buy this, dont expect a perfect AAA game because it isn't. It is personally my game of the year and many others. I would suggest it to everybody who thinks they would enjoy this game because you probably will. Also worth the money (although it might be a little bit too expensive)."
76561198027191664,Recommended,446800,27662222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Euclideanlove,"Awesome game.  It takes some time to get used to how it works, but it's a beautiful thing when you figure it out and make a rail system that works."
,Recommended,446800,27783958,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thebogdan,"I bought this game 13.5 hours ago and have played it 13.5 hours. (Where did that time go?) I actually do know where it went; it was spent completely engrossed on getting the most out of one train line, just one line, consiting of six trains, moving wood to planks to tools to a merchant district. I don't have a lot of experience with transport, farm, or city management games, but I did play City Skylines and I enjoy this game way more. Lastly, I did not run into issues mentioned in other reviews but I'm playing post-""robustness""-patch (Build 12070, November 23)."
76561198016004016,Recommended,446800,28038138,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,-24-,Relaxing Simulation. Especially if you are following the vehicles from the ego perspective.
76561198035671415,Recommended,446800,28041672,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HDBread,"If your unsure about this game, play Train Fever first. If you like that game, you'll love this one. It is very easy to sink multiple hours into and who doesn't love a good cinematic shot of trains going past?"
,Recommended,446800,29745454,Posted: 6 February,all,Daimo,"Updated since usability patch:It's clear they are committed to improving the game and I'm going to assume I'm just bad at making money like most people, so will give it a thumb up.That said they still haven't scaled the UI for 4k or windowed mode and that's a bummer.-I've played 12 hours and I expect I will play more but it's very polarising. Do not expect to have ""fun"" as if it were a city builder, it's not. It took me 10 hours with many restarts to figure out how to get a city off the ground and understand rail signals. That said it's a delight to watch.The most irritating problems I've had are:-4k UI doesn't scale-Can't build when zoomed out (even if you have a 40"" monitor and can see the whole map)-Factories give no feedback as to why they aren't running - you're just expected to know that they aren't connected properly. If that sounds vague it's because that's how it is. Game over. (how about a prompt that says 'X requires new connections in different cities'?)-After you've invested and started turning a profit you may find you're running low on cash for 12 months. This is because your train tenders have been replaced but not your carriages. You've been running empty carriages for months but you weren't told about it. Game over. (edit: Ok I figured this out at around 13 hours but it isn't intuitive that your carriages won't be replaced unless specified)-If your trains get stuck facing each other but you don't have any money to delete an errand signal, game over - if you didn't save.I also dislike how the budget doesn't show your yearly figures, instead if you were negative cash on december 31, it's recorded as a negative year. Not helpful at all. The only way you have to find out your cash situation is to look at the line information window and guess if they are positive.I'll change this to positive if these get fixed because it is decent, just unhelpful."
76561198026798103,Recommended,446800,28091898,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,stephanberger4,"Excellent management game ! If you love to manage, this game is for you (unlike the recent Planet Coaster or cities Skylines that put aside the management part and focus on creative side)"
76561198139550247,Recommended,446800,26725656,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jayyhawley,"An Unpolished Gem.Transport Fever is an excellent transportation tycoon game but it suffers from a lack of polish and refinement. The User Interface is a prime example. During the campaign  - which is a fabulously fun series of missions based on well known historical events and figures - the objectives are listed in a panel on the left hand side of your screen. When you click on a vehicle, its information panel will very often open behind your objectives forcing you to grab the corner of the hidden window and drag it to where you can see what you needed to. Small oversights like this are an irritation but not enough to ruin what is otherwise a very enjoyable tycoon game.Many of the issues that have been mentioned already have a corresponding mod to fix the problem. Don't like the time-scaling? There's a mod for that. Wish your oil well and oil refinery weren't so very far apart? There's a mod for that too. On top of the dedicated modding community the developers have also pledged themselves to supporting and further refining Transport Fever as time moves on.Some people have compared this game to Transport Tycoon Deluxe (TTD) but in my experience it has more in common with Sid Meier's Trains (which I rather liked). Some people have also complained that you have to complete supply chains or production will stop; i.e. You can't endlessly deliver logs to a sawmill without shipping the lumber. I find this complaint utterly ridiculous! How many planks will a sawmill pile up in the real world before they say ""We should really sell some of these before we buy another train full of logs..."" !?In summation, I truely believe Transport Fever is an unpolished gem. It is a very enjoyable game in its current state for those willing to put in the work and it holds immense promise for the future due to the continued support of the developer.If you like tycoon games, trains, transport or struggling through crushing debt until you have your very own $75million to bore a tunnel clear through a mountain to connect the bustling metropolis YOU fueled with industry to the final tiny hamlet nestled high in the mountains...then this game is for you."
,Recommended,446800,27995525,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Budderball,"This game is Awesome, especially for me as I love business and tycoon simulations. This game expands on all the problems of the predecessor while integrating new functions. Terrain Collisions are much fewer in this game and has an easier to use construction system while easily displaying the items to the player. The upgradability of items is amazing and so helpful. My personal favorite, Planes, has finally been added! No if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go play Transport Fever!"
76561197960322721,Recommended,446800,26668650,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DonC,"Most impressive tycoon style game long time ago. Only annoying thing.. the game not support combined (passenger/cargo) rail/ship stations at a moment. So.. this thing didn't realistic, but.. im very happy since own this game :)10/10"
,Recommended,446800,28336237,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Eaze,"Worth it, good game A+"
76561198156245417,Recommended,446800,28162012,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ChI11Ed PyThON,"This game was supose to be updated to stop the game crashing some time ago, that was their latest update. However my game still crashes some times i can't even load into the game play part. Other than the crashing this is a very good indepth game that challenges your buisness skils."
76561198049597717,Recommended,446800,27934785,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BlackNovas,Its good to have a game with the classic feel of transport tycoon with stunning graphics and all around just have fun expanding your transport empire.
,Recommended,446800,27900413,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LJEJ,This game brings back a lot of good memories from back when i use to play transport tycoon deluxe
,Recommended,446800,27900487,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,timdodd,Fun game.
76561197989630946,Recommended,446800,27480400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Horna,We all have played Transport Tycoon. Now we play this.
,Recommended,446800,27628907,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,azyr,As a long time fan of TTDLX (that inevitably returns to it after each new game is released) I've grown quite fond of TF. There are some bugs that need ironing out but in general it's what I hoped it would be : a worthy successor to transport tycoon.
76561198119529911,Recommended,446800,27652511,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Availe,"The game needs some slight bug fixes and smoothening. But the game is fantastic, i really like the game.The storyline is great :)"
76561198086166297,Recommended,446800,32420592,Posted: 14 June,all,argiris.grivas,"If you are fascinated by games like OpenTTD, but can't stand the outdated graphics like me, this is one for you. The economy isn't as deep, but you get excellent graphics, especially considering the genre. I'm thourghly enjoying it, despite the usability issues in track laying. Developers seem quite actiive, so there is hope for further improvements even on that front. There are also loads of mods to add some more variety to the game."
,Recommended,446800,31103538,Posted: 12 April,all,Peursum,Difficult but very rewarding when you succeed.  Great game which there where more camera options for the vehicles
76561197972761573,Recommended,446800,32529816,Posted: 18 June,all,Touch Too Much,"Its a fanstastic game, the only one snag is the speed of time!! other than that it is very good on the graphics/detail especially at the stations with the passangers. and building is made easy. Love it."
76561198041417130,Recommended,446800,28732097,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hvetemel Gibson,"Ok - I have already played this more than its predecessor, which was a huge disappointment to me.PROS:Excellent graphics/animations. I believe this game has the best graphics of the genre of all time.Excellent idea - the time is now for a better graphics version of OTTD / Simutrans etc.Excellent modding community.Timeline is amazing - cars and buildings are from the relevant eras.Economic model is good - passengers and goods has a destination, not Transport Tycoon-style random destination.""CONS""I have to complain about the following:In order to make money, I create train lines between about 4 of the towns. Altogether in the World there are around 20 towns, far too few in my opinion (..of course, there would be performance issues).I create bus lines with 3-5 stops connected to a train station. The bus lines go to all the extremities of the towns, creating a 'plus', or 'star' pattern. This is for all the towns connected. I make a second train line, same story.What I am saying is: number of lines within a town is usually more than 1, and there usually are more than 4 stops on that line. Also, train lines usually go to more than 4-5 stations.Anyone have a different approach to this?Also, when I have placed a depot the wrong way (e.g. facing away from the first station on a line), the AI cannot handle it.I believe the only game that towns and cities extend realistically is Simutrans-Experimental (correct me if I'm wrong). Simutrans is not so bad in this aspect either. Also, huge maps and a vast number of towns/villages."
76561198185282471,Recommended,446800,28913271,Posted: 1 January,all,PolandRocks1,"I love this game so much that I cant stop playing, I can just cant wait to play it again"
,Recommended,446800,28916922,Posted: 1 January,all,CATCHEY,love it
76561197965553442,Recommended,446800,28773806,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ricardo,"Ótimo jogo no estilo Tycoon, muito detalhado em vários aspectos, vários mods no workshop.....viciante!"
76561197988500195,Recommended,446800,28836793,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Payne747,"Very much like original Transport Tycoon, if you loved it back then, you'll love this now."
,Recommended,446800,28848345,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,☘ ЍЇКО ☘,"Transport Fever is an amazing game with very good graphics and game play. With Transport Fever it teaches you how to manage a logistics company. But what i wish to see in future versions of the game is a multiplayer. I also would like to see in the future is maybe a ""AI"" business competing with you."
,Not Recommended,446800,28800274,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,deltaVsquared,"I want to like this game because I generally enjoy tycoon games. Was hoping for a modern day successor to transport tycoon deluxe but it didn't deliver what I was hoping for. The interface feels awkward and badly scaled (too small), the controls need improving but most annoyingly: it's very unstable. Crashing at the slightest disturbance."
76561198144254716,Recommended,446800,31000787,Posted: 7 April,all,CookieCat,the new performance up-date has made the game so much smoother its nice to see devs listening to actualy playerskeep up the good work
76561198121828205,Recommended,446800,29741170,Posted: 6 February,all,kifa901,"First of all, I can only speak for my self and my thoughts about this game but I hope it helps you guys.I mostly play these kind of games, and always have been. So, when I saw this game I just had to play it and I love it.You can do so much with your transports and combined with mods this game is awsome.Sure, like many have pointed out before me, this game can be a bit demanding on your hardware but it is not as bad as they say. I don't have the latest stuff, or the greatest, but it is still enough to make it a joy.Even without the mods this game looks amazing and the models are great.There are some negative thing even I have noticed. The AI could be a bit smarter, the warning system could have a bit more information and the time scale could be a bit more realistic.So.. my score for this game would be a solid 8/10. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,446800,29759638,Posted: 7 February,all,Knight_Gyuri,This game is amazing. The campaign is really good and the free play is good too. You can download a lot of content from the workshop. Its an upgraded version of open TTD with way better graphics. I only miss a better look for the tunnels they look bad in FPS.
76561198028174452,Recommended,446800,29752879,Posted: 6 February,all,3rd_Pvt_alabamafarmer,The gane hangs up in the middle of it!!! i lose my game and have to start over!
,Recommended,446800,29750118,Posted: 6 February,all,YINGFENG,Nice Game and SUPPORT MAC!!!! I want the soundtrack!
,Not Recommended,446800,29749297,Posted: 6 February,all,Leozaur,"It's not a bad effort, but... If you've grown on TTD/OpenTTD - you won't find much to like about it other than visuals.The main complaints in short are:cargo routing to specific platformstrain network feels extremely fiddlytime flies!In a bit more detail:Cargo distribution is very quirky, with delivery being done do specific platforms rather than stations in general. Which makes it a pain the *** because trains would sometimes choose different platform after you've made changes to your track layout and didn't bother with waypoints. And even after that factories would sometimes start ignoring your line all of sudden and stockpile their stuff on their territory even if there were no changes.Pre-calculated track selection for trains just isn't up to scratch after OpenTTD's pathfinding. You're restricted to certain lines only wanting specific station platforms and ignoring 5 empty ones just because it was so when you designed the line. Besides that it's very hard to connect 4+-platform stations to your main interstation network because you can't cross/merge more than 2 tracks in close profiximity. It's somewhat realistic but just underlines the ""fiddly"" part and you're also very confied in cities where you need that many platforms (tracks are about same width as a building!). And then there's height management when laying tracks (it attempts to keep it level from A to B so you have to go in small patches if you want it to follow terrain and not spend a fortune on it), curvature restrictions, etc. etc.But man, time flies! Ever seen a horse cart take 1-2 years to get to nearest town? It may be 5-10 minutes of real time. Yeah, you just turn the time scaling up but then you just fast-forward half a century in just a couple hours without having done much.There is one good thing about it though: pretty nice visuals. You can see passengers and cargo gathering on your stations and walking on the streets, you can visually see cities grow and industries expand as you take care of them. It's colourful and satisfying. I feel like a cross between these graphics + certain parts of simulation (but by no way entirety of it) and OpenTTD gameplay would be the proper successor of the long-missed genre in the spirit of other recent revivals like Cities: Skylines (proper SimCity), Planet Coaster (proper RCT), Shadow Tactics (proper Commandos), XCOM and other.Here's hope Urban Games manage fix the gameplay in the next iteration!"
76561198033056907,Recommended,446800,29808942,Posted: 9 February,all,ferretscout,Timeless classic Transport Tycoon meets the modern era
,Recommended,446800,26502641,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Christoffre,"--- The bugs seems to be fixed and I'm starting to get addicted ---To start with, the whole game was in Russian the first time I started it. But that is easy to fix compared to the rest of its problems...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=796398388The biggest problem is the gamebreaking bugs were the factories do not produce anything. If you're lucky this bug will only affect one factory, which mean that only the freight lines connected with that product chain will come to a complete halt. If you are unlucky the bug will affect every industry, which mean that all of your freight lines will stop.I have gone bankrupt and lost the game on more than one occation due to this bug.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=796395871Then we have the lesser problem with the insufficent ammount of train signals. You can make two parallell one-way tracks, but nothing more ""advanced"" than that. Do you want two trains on the same route wait at different platforms on the same station? Forget that. Routes do only serve one specific platform per station.There are however some positive stuff worth noting about the game.The best thing in Transport Fever is the living and connected world. All the cities and towns feel alive with its pedestrians and traffic. The people in them are not just products ready to be shipped anywhere, they do actually have specific destinations. This makes a variarity of internal and external bus, tram, and train lines a possibility.It is sad to see this beautiful game, which has a lot of potential, being brought down by such severe bugs."
,Recommended,446800,28136840,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,pandomaci,"It took a while to get used to different cargo chain handling than in OpenTTD.Beautiful graphics, steep learning curve (esp. on higher difficulties)."
76561198002581627,Recommended,446800,31164313,Posted: 15 April,all,Gandie,"I found it a bit rough around the edges and difficult to get into. However, after lots of trying I started mastering this game. And to be fair, the trying was already an enjoying experience. Transport Fever really scratched my cravings for a game like Railroad Tycoon or Transport Tycoon! It's a beautiful game as well, I enjoy following the little trains through the landscape and see the cities develop.One con is that you are playing it all alone. There is no AI or other players to compete with. So after a while the sandbox might start to bore some people."
,Recommended,446800,28152892,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Shequan,"Update Dec 29, 2016:This team was quick to respond. Get my error logs. Put out a mac fix that sure seems to have fixed my crash issue. Changing to a (very) positive review.Original Review:Crashes to desktop about 5 minutes into play on my new iMac w/ 32G RAM."
76561198059789646,Recommended,446800,28112817,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,colbyjayjohanson,"Wait for more patches, unless you have an over the top pc. When I start the game out in the begining everything runs smoothly, than towards end game I have to close out of the game every 10 or 15 minutes because it lags so bad. When I restart the game it runs fine, for about 10 minutes.... It is a pretty fun game on the other hand.Update: After the most recent patch I have been able to run the game on High Settings with my Gtx 960 2gb. I have not experienced enough lag to cause me to restart the game. It still lags once in a while, but not nearly as bad."
76561197982036833,Recommended,446800,27796608,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Captain Matt,Best way to get that steam fetish quenched.
76561198098667854,Recommended,446800,26540762,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,richard.lally,"SECOND REVIEWWell with a lot of help from the excellent support team I am now playing pretty well.The only serious criticism I have is that the Tutorial covers what is fairly obvious (if you have played other transport games) well but what is not obvious not at all.I have indeed given up on the campaigns which I found too hard mainly because I cannot master the digging skill but I have no doubt better players than me will find them too easy!Personally I would like it to be a bit more business focused. If, like me, you loved Railroad Tycoon, you will find the absence of business management (e.g. balance sheets, shares etc) a bit disappointing.The way I see it is that the team that developed TF concentrated on getting the basics right, which is how it should be, which I hope means that we can look forward to some great DLCs.FIRST REVIEWI am finding this game so hard it is unplayable.There are so many things that I cannot do that I have given up,It looks like it might be a good game for very clever people!"
,Recommended,446800,28802627,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SummerLynx,"Okay, this game is good.If you give it some time and bear with a bit of frustration, it will consume you."
76561198110881362,Recommended,446800,26537205,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ash,"Good game, if you play it as a creative/sandox style game.  There is no AI competition and the scenarios are really quite poorly designed/boring.  However the creative mode is what this game is really all about.Even though it's called Transport Fever, this game is still squarely focused on Trains.  The other vehicle types seem more like tacked on gimmicks than important components of the gameplay.  Ships for example are neither interesting nor very useful at present.This game does not allow trains to dynamically choose a platform when arriving at a station as in OpenTTD.  Everything in this game revolves around the concept of lines.  Lines are allocated to a single platform at each station when you first designate the lines. Platforms used by the line will not change unless you modify your track layout or add a waypoint that affects the line.The game has really nice looking maps and the random map generator creates decently large terrains, although performance suffers later in the game on large maps.  Rivers are often a bit too narrow also.Some suggestions I'd like to see added that would really improve the game:- Road vehicles that can actually overtake slower vehicles.  AKA improved vehicle AI.  It looks quite ridiculous to see a single bus with 30 other faster vehicles ttrailing behind it, halfway across the map.- Ability to create a new town/city.  Player initially places a single 'town centre' building with the city name above it, and this town can be grown by delivering resources/passengers as usual.  Limit the total number of cities/towns on the map to avoid this being overused.- In game ability to adjust the passage of time.  I'm not referring to the the existing slow/medium/fast speed, but a setting that controls how many game days a vehicle takes to travel a certain distance.  For example, if currently your horse cart takes 30 days to travel from one stop to another, this can be adjusted so that it takes say the equivalent of 5, 10 or 60 game days.   In mid game, new vehicles are introduced and then become redundant far too quickly.  Reducing the passage of time would alleviate this.  There is a config file edit for this but it really needs to be in the game itself.- An in game map and scenario editor that can import and export heightmaps, allow industry and town placement, terrain modification including rivers/lakes.  Also allow creation of scenario goals that enable  'winning' a map. eg. Increase specific town population to 5000, total population on map > 50,000, deliver 100,000 passengers, connect all towns by rail, have 1billion  cash etc.- More powerful first person camera modes.  Look left, right, behind.  First person from any entity including train carriages.- Completely free movement camera mode, even allowing clipping into terrrain/buildings.  This game really does look great so it would be great to be able to take screenshots/views from any location/angle.- Performance improvements for later game (wg. 1950 onwards)  and bigger maps."
76561197970439292,Recommended,446800,31137681,Posted: 14 April,all,Brewsir,"I suppose I thought, ""Oh, this will be like Transport Tycoon, only with better graphics"".  um, no.  It's more like, hold a hammer in your hand, and I dare you not to hit yourself in the head with it, after playing for 30 minutes.Most of its bad points have been pointed out in other reviews, so, I'm just going to mention a couple.  If you want to play, you should have ""infinite"" memory, because the leak in this game will suck down everything you've got.  I have 16GB of high end Corsair ram, and if I play too long, it'll be bumping up against the max.  It starts off using about 4 gigs, but, give it some time and it'll be using 15.5 gigs.You're the only transport company in the world!  That's right, just you.  In any decent game, it would be, ""See that juicy lookin' freight route, or passenger route?  You better get to  it fast, or one of the other transport companies will.""  But no, you're all alone, and there is NO competition.  You just take your sweet a$$ time, and it'll be there, when you're ready.The biggest problem is what could've been.***** I'm changing my review to, Recommended.  The struggle is real, as it relates to frustrations in this game, but, I can't stop playing it.  It may be driving me mad, but, something is telling me that if I work out those things that can be improved upon, I'll get some enjoyable gameplay out of it.  I wish I could choose to specialize in the game, i.e., start with a trucking company that only hauls grain, then expand as I see fit.  My previous comment about the lack of AI competition, sort of precludes that.  In my opinion that's the main thing lacking.  (If the AI is well done)"
76561198085477185,Recommended,446800,30276272,Posted: 2 March,all,Mike1294,Game is pretty good. Graphics arn't that bad. No performance issues with me. If you like transport sims recommend getting this.
76561198349654411,Recommended,446800,30294889,Posted: 3 March,all,Jorge Rodriguez,"Great game, really good graphics and mechanics."
76561198079615646,Recommended,446800,30342342,Posted: 5 March,all,djandygiles,"Game is nice looking, seems bug free, runs quite smoothly on an I7 5930K with GTX 980. I've played train feaver also and this is basically the same game with more transport options but that is a big improvement.I have read a lot of review complaining about factories and trucks not doing as they are meant. These reviews seem to be from people who don't understand the game mechanics which are extremely clever. For a factory to produce goods it has to have a demand for them from another factory on a connected line. as demand goes up production goes up, it's really hard but also very entertaining trying to balance all of the lines keeping factories running to the right amounts.Yes there are some clitches, when zoomed in you can see the transport routes aren't followed smoothly by trucks, trams etc. and there are lines that appear across the screen every now and then but the game is still very enjoyable.I would like to add that the worst part of the game is raising or lowering roads or rails. this part needs to be made easier."
76561197996498836,Recommended,446800,30268174,Posted: 1 March,all,ixlar,"I played Train Fever and really loved it. But that game had a bunch of bugs that you either had to overlook or just work around. I've notice a couple minor issues with this game, but it is MUCH improved over Train Fever. That doesn't even cover the new methods of transportation now available. I'm incredibly happy with this game.I've noticed negative reviews that talk about having to spend a lot of time trying to figure out why a line isn't working or profitable. Yeah, it's a challenging game. Often times small adjustments make the difference between profitable and not. Other times you need to scrap an idea and start again. It's all about keeping your vehicles in motion and optimizing their routes.I can't say enough about this game. I can only hope that they will release more content!!!"
76561198017970645,Not Recommended,446800,26704029,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Douglas,"Another broken game from the same developer of Train Fever.- You need a huge frequency to make industry produce, which means a lot of small trains.- Production of industry fluctuates like crazy for no reason.- This is a truck management game. Do not expect to use trains for anything besides passenger transport. One big truck costs 305k and upkeep for a year is 54k. One train wagon costs 1.1 million and costs 200k upkeep per year and carries only 18 units when truck carries 19. Vey unbalanced. Trucks also gives a lot more frequent visits, which is the only thing that makes the game work.- Then you have a lot of trucks which makes the game slow down and lag. Very annoying.- EXTREMELLY POORLY OPTIMIZED. I was looking at all possible videos reviews of this game, because that was my biggest worries. Still I was stupid enough to buy this poorly coded game. My computer runs Planet Coaster perfectly with zero lags. But Transport Fever sucks in performance.Short: game not balanced and laggy. Strongly advise to not buy, because when you discover all this, your 2 hours for refund are gone.AFTER USABILITY PATCH: The game is still a joke. If you need a vehicle to stop in more than 2 stations (3 for example A > B > C) it obviously won't take only 1 type of cargo. You CANNOT choose the cargo the vehicle delivers. If you choose, you must choose ONE for the entire line. So in this case you must use automatic. Ok, now good luck praying for the computer to know what cargo you want the vehicle to deliver. If simple takes whatever it wants and since it doesn't carry what you need you go bankrupt. I'm talking about a Campaign mission that cannot be done due to that. Its not a game I created with complex things. Its a designed mission buy the devs. The mission do not allow purchase of more than one vehicle and if I must use only one vehicle I must have that vehicle stop in 3 stations. There is no workaround.This game should be banned from Steam."
76561198213610617,Not Recommended,446800,28454620,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,soren.mugridge,"When this game first came out i loved it but it kept getting laggier until the point it became unplayable. If anymore updates are made, please fix all the lag! I really want to play the game! Until then, i unfortunately cannot reccomend it :("
,Recommended,446800,31361767,Posted: 25 April,all,𝖑𝖎𝖙𝖙𝖑𝖊𝖟𝖟,"This review is my personal Opinion on the game. i will be reviewing the main features of the game. Thank you.Honestly the only game i have ever pre-ordered, And do NOT Regret it.GAMEPLAYI started off with two townsi made a bus route between themi lost money so i made a train routethen i started gaining money so i made a cargo route that transported Wheat from a farm. To a bread factory Then trucks to take them into town.etc etceventually i had covered the entire map doing stuff like thisYou have options to download decorative assets from the workshop but default there are itemsVehicle in gameTramsBussesTrainsBoatsPlanesYou start off with all but planes in 1850As time progress you get more vehicles and old ones expireTowns grow into cities as you make more transportBuildings go from colonial to modernAnd the vehicles are different along with the terrain depending on the mapsEuropeUnited StatesEurope is grassy hillsWheras America is flat dessertPros And ConsPros- Beautiful graphics- Detailed vehicles (Very realistic)- Towns are simulated buildings and roads change over time and they grow as more transport is connected- Addicting- Great workshopCons- Trams can be buggy- Random frame drops- Game crashes (There is a autosave, And most game crashes have been fixed)- Mount everest learning curve.- you lose money on loans for 3 million dollars at the start (And you have to manually pay them off because They take money but never pay themselfs off)- Cargo is extremly time consuming confusing and annoying- You will probably never make money off of Passenger routesOverviewThe game has cons, But most of them are balancing and technical issues which will hopefully get fixed in the future.It is a great simulator and transport tycoon. (If you enjoyed train fever or rail tycoon you willLOVEthis.)This is probably one of my favorite games I do NOT Regret pre-ordering it.However if you are not the tycoon addict type, i do not recommend buying thisFullprice.Reviewi am going to have to give this a84/100This will change when issues are resolved the game is way undercredited and the gameplay has no issues the game lacks- Balancing- Technical IssuesIf you are still reading thank you!"
76561198234258556,Recommended,446800,32317351,Posted: 10 June,all,BlackPaw,not as good as old transport tycoon but it is fine enough.The harder modes are hard though.but there is no ending.... unlike Transport tycoon timeline.you could play it until your computer can't handle the objects in game.
76561198024471798,Recommended,446800,32240454,Posted: 7 June,all,Aramon,"Surprisingly engaging gameplay, very enteraining game with just the right depth of management required. Even though the user interface is less than friendly and the lack of abilities you'd hope for this kind of game (like limiting a vehicle to only carry goods of one type of production chain), the game is still very enjoyable and fun for those who enjoy the 'industry tycoon' type of game."
76561198088916530,Recommended,446800,32408246,Posted: 14 June,all,NodeMeister,"I'm going to start with an assertion: if you ever enjoyed Transport Tycoon Deluxe back in the day, you will love Transport Fever.It goes without saying, this game is all about the transport side. Compared to other fine city building games where you have to micro-manage zones, sewage, power, water supply, air, ground and water pollution and so on, Transport Fever allows the game world to take care of all of that stuff itself. You just help it along by building, tuning, improving and growing the necessary infrastructure to move whatever cargo or passengers are needed to wherever they need to get to. A large variety of historical vehicle types is provided, which changes as game time passes. That includes air, road, train and ship transport. Some of the supply chains are complex, and decisions have to be made about how to fulfill them, either directly or via interchange hubs. It's surprisingly addictive, once you get started!The game comes with two different campaigns, each comprising a number of complex missions. Some of the missions are challenging to complete, especially while completing all the conditions for various medal awards. There's quite a lot of game time to be spent just in the campaigns, which is why I feel this game is well worth the price. On top of that, there's the open ended nature of the sandbox mode, where you can experiment with building whatever you want.Although I did read about some technical issues with the game, I can honestly say that I have not encountered any at all yet (on Mac). And it seems there are updates to come, which may add add functionality as well as stability. I would like to think that the developers are considering adding more campaigns as DLC, because I really enjoyed campaign mode, and the specific challenges being set.This is one of those rare occasions where a game has exceeded my expectations. I hope it will be around for years to come!"
,Recommended,446800,33799908,Posted: 25 July,all,trodomir,"I really should not be enjoying this as much as I am, but it's really fun. I'm still doing all the campaigns, but I'm enjoying the sandbox mode more.There are some issues, but they are not getting in the way of my fun."
76561198026997292,Recommended,446800,33840369,Posted: 27 July,all,drumondmp,"The game is the best. It took some time for the developers to figure usability out, but eventually did it, and now they are hard at work updating the game and fixing all the rough edges.I just love the patch update videos with the Swiss-German accent :D"
,Recommended,446800,33247936,Posted: 4 July,all,RiceyMcRiceFace,"Planes, trains, and BALLIN mobiles!!!!"
76561197977687383,Recommended,446800,33924852,Posted: 31 July,all,bladeem,"Don't buy this game if you value your marriage, your family, yor friends, or even your job for that matter. It is that good.Once you get the hang of the supply chain logic, Transport Fever is very addictive. Browsing the Workshop with kids is fun even while not playing the game.One minor complaint is that it took ages to fix some annoying bugs (looking at you, tunnel entrances)Other than that, very good job Urban games!"
76561197999396547,Recommended,446800,34554063,Posted: 28 August,all,justin,Don't understand all the reviews that reckoned there was a steep learning curve; sure some of the scenarios forced me to have to think outside the box and try different strategies but that just extended the lifespan of the game. Both scenarios complete and I've a formulaic strategy for every open map repeatability's become a chore so likely end of game but after almost 200 hours can't complain. Quite the contrary!
76561198004582704,Recommended,446800,34450690,Posted: 23 August,all,tigris,"Superb transportation tycoon!  Loving the sandbox mode.  The advance through time and technological advancements makes it that much more interesting.  Add in the economic elements to compliment the transportation-builder platform, and you have a masterpiece.The soundtrack is very catchy and progresses with the technological eras.The only thing i wish they had was a more forgiving track/road laying UI that let you plot out of the best/most efficient/cheapest line before committing funds to it.  Still, very, very good game."
76561198071928141,Recommended,446800,34316033,Posted: 17 August,all,mongolteiko,"The game has a lot going for it ONCE you have managed to build your design.Getting to that stage however is VERY VERY frustrating!The bad:You can't build this or that because of the slope etc. even if it's a double track, soyou have to lay two extra tracks along side to make everything 'level' and deletethe two tracks again before you can put in a double switch etc.Building roads can be problematic too along with harbours etc.Sometimes you cannot put two tracks over a road [one is ok], so you have to delete theroad and lay the track and put the road back on top of the track.You have to put waypoints in as the AI is too dumb to figure out a logical route, but eventhis doesn't work sometimes [road waypoints for buses etc.].The constant lag at the end of the month is annoying [I have a good computer] which youcan do nothing about [as it's for the AI to upgrade it's towns]...the end of year save youcan turn off. This lag gets worse the later on in the game you get!The commercial/industry side can be frustrating too with all sorts of goods being dropped offat the wrong place [for no reason]. Sometimes not even picked up. When you buy new vehicles,you have to watch them come out of the depot to make sure they pick up straight away, otherwisethey go empty to their destination and you have to wait for them to come back before they startto earn their money! A lot of hard work just gets thrown down the drain....happens quite regularly!A minor thing, but the trains stop too close to the signal [unrealistic] and blowing the horn every timeit leaves a station can be annoying too [again unrealistic].The Good:The visual effects are great, first person mode is very nice indeed and fun. Like I said, once you havemanaged to do everything to your liking [going through the mental pain barrier] you come backfor more and more.The campaigns are fun too, although can be difficult at first even on easy settings.The community make some fantastic mods for this game.The devs have made some improvements on fan's recommendations - which is good.What I would like to see:I would like to see the possibility of giving vehicles [road and rail] destinations other than stationsand to be able to couple/uncouple [for freight trains and some passenger trains]. So trains can shuntetc.Would be nice to be able to make larger stations ourselves and allow permissive working [there is amod which allows this to a certain degree].Would like to be able to 'zone' areas so to instruct the AI what type of building to buildin certain parts of the town [like SimCity].Would like to see better signals - a caution aspect [yellow] would be nice.Traffic lights at road junctions [an optional tick box] would be nice.Better AI control on pedestrain and road traffic at level crossings would be great too....it's a bitdisconcerting the first time when your train 'runs over' people or drives through cars/lorries etc.All in all then I would give it a 5/10. It is great once everything is done, but getting there is too frustratingas a lot of wasted hours can be had over the 1/2 hour of the good.I did vote with a thumbs down, but changed my mind to a slight up vote, Maybe it will get betterwith more patches,"
,Recommended,446800,34071879,Posted: 6 August,all,jollypengu ☪,"A tycoon game based around a fundamentally strong economic simulation. The different types of goods available to produce and distribute is more limited than RT3 (the last good rail tycoon game that I personally played), but the multi-modal logistics available to you (rail, road, ship, and air) allows you to design hub-and-spoke networks that are satisfying in their depth. In free play, the random distribution of raw goods, refiners, and manufacturers as well as city hubs forces you to be creative and utilize all the tools at your disposal.I would like to see a better way to troubleshoot train routing problems (when designing a route, the game will reject certain paths without telling you where the routing error occurs--I haven't had any bugs but the problem spot can be very hard to find). Overall, solid tycoon game in free play. Haven't tested the campaigns."
76561198030847444,Recommended,446800,34068052,Posted: 6 August,all,Lorenzzo,"I found the learning curve a bit steep, but now I really enjoy the game. I found the campaigns interesting, but I also enjoy the freeplay. Multiplayer would be nice. If you like managing transportation and logistics, this is I think the best game out there right now that is specialized in this area."
,Recommended,446800,34052380,Posted: 5 August,all,flacwby,Transport Fever is a surprisingly great game. I see some of the recent negative reviews and most of them are user error. I wished there was as way to comment on specific reviews because it's very easy to resolve some of their issues.The game is rather complex and has great depth. It's not too easy and in fact I love the fact that it's a challenge. The campiagns are the best part and if you play both the USA and Europe ones it will get you  ready for the sandbox Free play.Well worth the price and has lots of hours worth of play.
,Recommended,446800,34057960,Posted: 6 August,all,voodoo [UK],"This game has the Civilisation like quality in that it will suck up hours of your life without you noticing! Its a great game, and big improvement on its predecessor by fixing many annoying issues."
76561198030816976,Recommended,446800,26496310,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Thagen,"alright i bought this game because it looked cool, and i wanted to try it out, so far a waste of money. for some reason the game doesnt like when i start on a map, and especially when i zoom in on town, it literaly closes the game for me, no error message or anything, just... Gone. ground textures are glitched with black spots all over the map, was not a problem the first time but been there ever since it crashed for the first time Yes there is also the problem with long loading times but i do not actually care about that.[edit] turning this to positive because the problems i talked about have been sorted out, could have abit more options when creating a world in free play, but overall a good game"
76561198084216298,Recommended,446800,34092998,Posted: 7 August,all,Roedel,"40 hours in 3 days........ If you loved OpenTTD, you'll love this."
,Recommended,446800,34095214,Posted: 7 August,all,Gaddivo,"Cons:-Maximum 30 fps late game.-Too little industries.Pros:+FUN+ADDICTING+YOU can CREATE+Different map = different game, enjoyment, & architecture"
,Recommended,446800,34124448,Posted: 9 August,all,steve silent,"Transport Fever is really addictive, so much i lack sleep :D"
76561198172713695,Recommended,446800,34112031,Posted: 8 August,all,skylane182,"great game, now how do you get season 2"
76561197984037489,Recommended,446800,26527098,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Xilin,"Update:After several patches I can safely say that this is now changing to recommended. All the biggest frustrations were fixed and after the last two patches, this game is very enjoyable.Still a few quality of life features to add, like always replacing the old vehicles to the latest one in that category but overall, the game is worth it's money now :)Original review:There are so many things to say about this game, both good and bad.I didn't play much Train Fever, but as much as I played, I really enjoyed it. So while showing a friend Train Fever on steam, I came across the Transport Fever product. I was instantly hyped and learned it would release just 2 days later. I read some bad reviews about instability and I said I would give it a try, especially since I'm covered by the Steam refund policy. I bought it, expecting some form of a real successor to Transport Tycoon Deluxe.My first session was super short - just 20 minutes, and it all went well until it crashed trying to generate the map. I gave it another try - it worked this time and didn't have anymore problems. My second session was considerably longer. However, I discovered that whenever I click on the loading screen, the game crashes. Once in-game, no more issues for about another 30 minutes. I upgrade an airport with another terminal - game crashes.And it was the moment of truth. With 2.1 hours played, I could make a Steam ticket and refund the game - surely after so much time wasted they would refund me.But I cancelled the ticket. I said screw it, i'll give it another try. Went in-game...everything fine for 2 hours, I quit the application myself for the first time.An update even came tonight. Excited, I jump in-game. I click ""Continue"" and after 1 minute of screen being frozen, I'm thrown into the proper loading screen. Mouse is still frozen while the loading bar doesn't move - amateurish, don't think you need to be an expert to be able to call it that.In any case, after a good 5 minutes, I was still on the loading screen. Had to force quit the game.On the other hand, I like the animations on the models - trains, trucks, I like it. And after some jitters when it's loading objects for the first time, it's smooth as well, not like some of the reports I've noticed around here.Also, some people notice that their industry stops producing and think the game is bugged. Problem is, you need to google to actually find the answer -> you need to complete the cycle. So wood goes into sawmill, then it goes into a processing plant which also requires steel (made from iron ore and coal) - and when all three meet at the processing plant, you're given Goods which you need to deliver to the city. Only in this case will you get all of them producing and consuming. This is suprisingly well done (for me at least), however it's never explained by the game itself and it's not really obvious in any way.And this is my review of the product. It's not worth the asking price (not even the discounted asking price). It's worth 10 EUR. 15 if they fix all the kinks.Bugs (annoying):- trains and trucks always go to the right from the depot, instead of crossing the street and going the other way- trucks don't use both platforms of the freight stations - this causes clumping Two trucks (at minimum) should be able to enter and exit a freight station without blocking each other - even if this means disabling collisions.- path finding is horrible - both for trains and for trucks and it's especially annoying for trains when it can't figure out that he shouldn't go on a line that leads to a station which already has a train on it - and yes, I've tried every combination of signals that I could (many) with the same effect.- crashes- loading times for the map (after booting the game) are not only super long but also increase in time as your game progresses- mouse is frozen on the loading screen while the loading bar is not moving- client crashes on the loading screen very often if you so much as click on it - either that or it becomes unresponsive and you have no visual feedback if the game is frozen or not- game freezes (mouse included) when hitting Continue (or new game after selecting preferences)Annoying:- I don't know why they didn't keep the road snapping for the stations and depots - with the option to rotate them freely.- Why are ""n"" and ""m"" used to rotate stations when we have ""Q"" and ""E"" more conveniently located ?! We use the wheel click to rotate camera anyway"
76561198086991005,Recommended,446800,34105009,Posted: 8 August,all,k.heal,The game is good but even more good with mods.
,Recommended,446800,34339091,Posted: 18 August,all,Nybb,"Very engrossing transport management game, with nice attention to detail on the vehicles. Recommended if you're into logistics and efficiency, and doubly so if you also like trains.I wouldn't blame anybody if they found the supply-and-demand system a bit confusing at first; if that's the case, just check out a guide or two to make sure you understand it. The biggest point is that your lines will only start to work if they're complete, i.e. the farm won't produce grain until it has a functional route to the food processing plant, which in turn must have a route to a city.Once you get that, the game lots of fun, with good variance in difficulty settings, and lots of nice mods for more vehicles/maps/etc if you're into that."
,Recommended,446800,34360837,Posted: 19 August,all,Estonian_Spy,Fun game. It was a bit fustrating at first but as I've learned the game I could play it for hours.(They've made it easier and fixed many issues i've had)
76561198126678636,Recommended,446800,34363544,Posted: 19 August,all,CrypticBST,Awesome SIM!!!
76561197992059881,Recommended,446800,34202029,Posted: 12 August,all,Matthew,"Transport Fever is the spiritual successor to Transport Tycoon. The early business gameplay is familiar, but Transport Fever lacks any AI opponent. The game isn't confined to an isomorphic grid, either. You'll weave tunnels through hills and bridges over valleys to manage steep grades. These differences together turn each game into a hobbyist's model train table after the player establishes a profitable foundation. This ends up being a lot of fun!I think the game could better explain how to turn a profit in freeplay. This is especially important because the player must be profitable before reaching the more fun model train table phase. So here's an easy initial business plan for new players. (Use your mouse to reveal spoilers.)Make your first line straight, flat, and a good length with only two stops, both near industry.Plan to fill all wagons in both directions. The simplest options are oil/fuel or livestock/food.Use trucks to deliver finished products to a few towns near the oil well or farm.Plan to operate in the red for a few years. Industry takes time to ramp up and fill your train.Take every locomotove upgrade!The above plan is based on two important truths the game doesn't explain:Business is demand-driven. Imagine your train delivers demandfromtownstoindustry.Wagons have significant monthly operating costs, and locomotives accelerate slowly. Keep wagons loaded and near max speed as much as possible.And here are a few notes on frequency and signals:Your line must have a frequency below 12 minutes, visible in the line manager, before industry will upgrade.Increase frequency by choosing a shorter route or adding a second train.If you add a second train, double track. Track is cheaper than idle wagons.You only need to signal where trains should stop, generally just before double track ends.Trains follow signals on the right and ignore signals on the left."
76561197960803164,Recommended,446800,34217169,Posted: 13 August,all,MaddogMatty,great sim game find it complicating i just run a bus transit system. still a great game
76561198234647500,Recommended,446800,34222636,Posted: 13 August,all,MR.JIMBOB.JR,greatest game in a long time
,Recommended,446800,28211412,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,JT625 McSpookerton,"This game, is basicly train fever, but if it was more polished, had more detail, and had more vehicles.Pros -New TrainsNew BoatsNew PlanesNew Trams/BusesLooks niceBetter track buildingFinaly some waypoints for roads!Cons -Trains accelerate way too slow, and they rarely ever reach top speed if its a high top speed.Trains just flip direction instantly."
,Recommended,446800,34923682,Posted: 13 September,all,doomwalk3r,"Overall, this game is everything Train Fever should have been. I've played a good portion of the varying train sims, and although I did love those at the time. I've played this game a lot in a realtively small amount of time. It took me 2 years or more to get 100 hours for Train Fever. I was so engrossed in this game, that I hit 100 about 6 months in and am almost to 200.If you come in expecting it to be like a certain transport game, or have dumped 100s of hours into another transport sim...you're going to have a bad time.This game does most things I want it to and I haven't even touched most of the mods. I look forward to their next game."
76561198142216577,Not Recommended,446800,34769854,Posted: 5 September,all,Ozgamer,"i was a little hesitant about buying this game, mainly because i had read comments that it was basically train fever with planes and boats added, that may still be the case, but for me this game is a ""spiritual successor"" to transport tycoon deluxe, and anyone who has played that game, will immediately fall in love with TF, i highly recommend this game, i bought it at full price, which was a little exxie because i'm australian and the aus to us dollar as mediocre at best at the moment so if you arent from the US, where steam is, your going to pay more for it, so perhaps wait for a sale, so you can save money.Edit/After playing the game further i have decided to give it a thumbs down because its crashing way too much. And thats unacceptable, it happened to me 3-4 times in a row, i"
76561198032763579,Not Recommended,446800,35183668,Posted: 24 September,all,Narrelama,"2ns Edit:Con's - lacks most of the features one would expect from a game. Prominently not featuring any competition - also no corporate HQ or indeed no player identity. You can select a logo.- you don't choose a color scheme.Sure, you can choose color for each individual unit, or route, but hey - that's kinda tiring, and btw, suddenly they just revert to default.-Sluggish economy. Poor balancing and too small maps (change settings here:https://steamcommunity.com/app/446800/discussions/0/224446340334626425/) With the larger mapsizes the game tends to get a bit slow over the years, which may be why there is no AI.This game is kind'a how it is to run a state monopoly, only without any benchmarks or target objectives.Pro's: Very nice graphic.Cool that each and every single civillian in the game is motivated by AI - now why the hell is there no corporate competitors?"
76561198007917936,Recommended,446800,35298129,Posted: 29 September,all,Ghosrath,Awesome game that will gobble up a lot of hours of your life.Patches still coming out to address issues and improve performance.Definitely recommend it!
76561198291911383,Recommended,446800,35190182,Posted: 24 September,all,ethanrogers82,good game recomend it. worth every penney but you need to learn how to play befor you start your main game. hope there will be more british trains in the future
,Recommended,446800,35231502,Posted: 26 September,all,kopral.djono,"I really have fun and good time playing this game. Lot of things have to be improved, but overall this is a good game."
,Recommended,446800,35233939,Posted: 26 September,all,JiN#EXiA,Great gameplay with enjoyable time. Love it.
,Recommended,446800,35402341,Posted: 1 October,all,Fishlips,This game is a lot of fun. Hours can disappear in the blink of an eye.
76561197971566587,Recommended,446800,35399049,Posted: 1 October,all,Coroner,"Not much to say.. i love it.It's like transport tycoon on steroids, and i've always loved that game.Recommended if you are a fan of transport tycoon, or railroad tycoon."
76561198129661010,Recommended,446800,35461900,Posted: 3 October,all,rb58nl,"I absolutely love playing the game, don't get me wrong but I do think that the game needs some more features in the game itself in regards to modifying the enviroment.....As for now you are ONLY able to add trees, rocks,  one type of fence and some other small things.  The game is missing animals, water and urban features like parking spaces or to be able to place random buildings in the landscape.... Overall the game is very pleasant and not to hard to play"
,Recommended,446800,35459368,Posted: 3 October,all,Shazam,"I enjoy this game. I always seem to fail at some point and falling into lots of debt, but the next play through I make it a little longer, and a little longer. Slowly learning from my fails and what I can do better next time. I recomend this game but don't expect millions right off the bat. Some good mods as well, use them."
76561198040364215,Recommended,446800,26592770,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,L.Z,"It's an OK game but needs AI competitors. Lots of other minor annoyances that can be corrected with mods, I guess. If you have an extra $34.99 you don't need then by all means get it for the vehicle models.Update: After the latest patches, I can now recommend this, not so much as a ""game"" but as a construction set, thanks to all the great mods and 3rd party vehicles that are on the steam workshop in the past year.  It now matches Cities: Skylines in building fun. If your PC has enough memory, there is an experimental map size option that enables maps that cover regions like the Bodensee area of Germany, Switzerland and Austria."
76561198225937644,Recommended,446800,35505140,Posted: 5 October,all,Alex8728,"A really fun management game that never gets old, and it comes with a great modding community."
76561198133610769,Recommended,446800,35509484,Posted: 5 October,all,The Richham,"Love the game . My only issue is that occasionally it won't launch . i have an up to date fairly new PC with win 10 . Have to verify gamefiles 4 or 5 times then restart my PC to get the App to work . Once in this game though , you slowly realise the many posibilities and potential . I would recomend this game because these problems are being sorted out with patches being released soon . This is a great game ."
