user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,447040,32296645,Posted: 9 June,all,Maximus,"Positive :- Gameplay is good- Charatctors- Graphics is good- The Missions are fun- You can hack all people with your option- The City is colorful- Online Missions are fun- Movement Animation- Perfect San Francisco attention to detail- Incentives to explorebad things :- bugs- sometimes boring- car driving could have been made easier- anti aliasing not friendly FXAA,SMAA,SMAA T2X is not good enough this game need MSAA x4 and FXAA tune on in the same time or more than, anyways game still look cool with fxaa8/10"
76561198261050079,Recommended,447040,28274399,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,udoPolar,GUYS PERFORMANCE TIPS!!!!SCREENSPACE REFLECTIONS- OFF (takes off about 10-30 frames) (somewhat noticable difference)AMBIENT OCCLUSION- HMSSAO ONLYYYY(takes off about 10-25 frames) (only noticeable with 2 monitors side by side)PPAA- SMAA OR LOWERR (takes off about 6-10)  (I honestly could not tell a thing)EVERYTHING ELSE ON ULTRA! Tested on 1080 sli computer 980ti sli computer and 750ti 4790k computer :)
,Recommended,447040,28031148,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sunny Senpai,"*THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON PORT FOR NOW, WILL UPDATE AS I PLAY IT*The game was 19.2 GB when preload started and after unpacking it, its final size is 22.4 GB. 29.4 GB Including with the free Ultra Textures DLC. Launched the game and played it right away without any activation hassle from Uplay, because this time it activates the base game and the dlc (if u have) automatically. Yeah no need to activate it manually like you did for all the previous Uplay games.Common question asked considering games these days: Is the port any good?YES IT IS! Ubi really nailed it!It runs quite well on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC than I actually expected. I get smooth playable fps on FHD around 35~45 fps with most of the settings on ultra.My specs are: Intel i5 760, GTX 760 2GB, 8 GB RAM.There are wide range of settings to play and tinker with. It has all the options you need for Mouse, keyboard and driving sensitivity. It has HUD customisation and graphics wise you have three categories: Display, Quality and Color. I've given avg. fps cost beside each setting when its max possible setting is enabled below.In-depth performance analysis below:Display:Window mode:Windowed, Borderless Windowed, Fullscreen Borderless, Multi-monitor Borderless, Fullscreen.FOV:70 deg - 110 deg.Pixel Density:Other name for in-game rendering ranging from 0.25x to 1.25xQuality:Usual settings:Commonly seen settings in Ubi games such as Terrain, Geometry, Dof, mo-blur, Filtering, Reflections, Vegetation.Cost:All settings Ultra 5 fps.Texture Resolution:Low - Medium - High - Ultra. Medium for 2GB cards, Ultra setting is available only if you download the free Ultra Texture DLC.Extra Details:Ranges from 0% - 100%, it's like extra LoD from GTA V.Cost:15 fps @ 100%, It may vary depending on overall settings applied.Shadows:Low - Med - High - Very high - Ultra - PCSS - HTFS. HTFS is available only for maxwell and pascal cards. Very disappointed in PCSS as it eats 1 GB of VRAM and performance and it doesn't look that great either.Cost:Ultra/PCSS 10 fps.Headlight shadows:Off - Your Car - 1 car - 2 cars - 3 cars - 4 cars. Performance varies depending upon the shadow setting applied and is enabled at night time.Water:Low - High. I kinda miss the deep dark blue textures of water from WD1.Screen Space Reflections:Off - Very High - Ultra.Cost:5 fps.San Francisco Fog:Didn't really find any quality improvement and performance hit, maybe it depends upon the weather?TAA Filtering:Enables MSAA 2x and cannot apply any AA techniques such as higher MSAA values and TXAA when enabled. Enable this if you want a sweet performance boost of 8~10 fps, but it will add a bit of blur.Multisample AA:Ranges from MSAA 2x, 4x, 8x, TXAA 2x, 4x, 8xOnly use these settings if you have a beast rig.Cost:TXAA 8x: 20 fps+Post-Process AA:Off - SMAA - FXAA. Negligible in performance, just use SMAA.Notes:You may get low fps when it rains and in interiors, it depends on your AO, SSR, Fog and Shadows settings applied. There are no godrays in the game. Make sure to restart the game after playing for a while if you are getting low fps constantly.Color:Brightness:0% - 100%Sharpness:0% - 100% you can mess with the sharpness of the game to your liking, instead of usual On/Off setting.Story:Prologue was meh and it didn't feel like an intro at all. Currently free roaming a lot and exploring things, will update soon.Gameplay:There are many controls for you to remember now and it takes a while.Driving's improved and even at high speeds, the game doesn't stutter for me.Parkour is fluid and works as you intend to! Not wonky like those AC games.There are no towers, but restricted areas where skill points are waiting for you to collect.Personally I think stealth is very easy, like the detection is slow and isn't realistic. Too bad we can't move the bodies though.Mobile is improved a lot, looks just like in GTA, only more refined and lots of songs to suit the mood. Custom tracks aren't supported.Can manipulate vehicles to your advantages with just a button, really changes the gameplay.Deep Character customisation.Combat is okay not that bad as reviewers say.Can interact with people and animals in ways like making their Note 7 explode lol.Drone controls are a bit wonky at first but you can change its sensitivity to your liking. The game encourages you to infiltrate restricted areas with these and yea, it's fun.World:It's lively, filled with people, animals, vehicles, activities, etc. and never looks dull even for a moment.Both Day and Night look amazing in their own way.World map is very short compared to other free roam games.Police are really a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ they just won't give you a break!Can fast travel to many places around the world right after the prologue.Coop:Can seemlessly invade another player's game. Like there is this moment when I invaded someone's game and he was busy taking some selfies in a crowded street xDYou can use Quadcopter and get an arial advantage over the invader.Playing coop with random peeps online is cool, with emotes and all we can coordinate each other and make our moves like infiltrating a base, etc. Like one uses the drone to tag enemies and the other one does the job.Problem is the moment a friend joins your game, it lags badly. It's fine when I'm playing solo and invasion mode tho.Final Verdict:There are problems that need fixing, but since it was launched recently, it's quite playable and not some complete unplayable mess. The lack of seriousness and low sense of danger makes this game different from the first one, because it feels like a combination of Saint's Row and GTA V lol. But it's definitely better than the first one if that's what you're asking. So what are you waiting for? Just grab it already!"
,Recommended,447040,28123071,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Changed,"One word about the multiplayer gameplay.Seamless.Almost no loading screens between singleplayer and online.Learn a thing or two Rockstar. *cough* GTA Online *cough*-------------------------------------------Edit- Since the review made it to the top I will add a bitmore context below:Bought the game mainly for the online 'Hacking Invasion' mode. Wasn't disappointed at all. The game seamlessly finds players to hack near your in-game location. Most of the time there are no loading screens between singleplayer and multiplayer and when there are, they are really short.The city of San Francisco is visually and aurally stunning and in my opinion one of the best looking open-world games. The sights, the sounds and the atmosphere are all exceptional.As an added bonus I got a decent story mode with great production value. Missions get a little repetitive but that is to be expected. Still there is plenty of variety and different ways to go about finishing missions which makes me keep coming back for more.The Good:+ Visually stunning+ Great music / sound effects+ Excellent attention to detail+ Amazing atmosphere+ Cool gadgets and skills to cause chaos and mayhem or use it to stay steathily in the shadows+ Fun online multiplayer 'Hacking Invasion' mode (Choose to hack others or unexpectedly get hacked anytime during your singleplayer gameplay)+ Interesting gameplay to find hidden collectibles (Research points and money across SF)+ Fun Co-op mode (But only 2 players I think)+ Seamless multiplayer / singleplayer gameplay+ Multiple ways to complete missions - be stealthy; or go in guns blazing, take your pick+ Great production value+ Decent Optimization (Frame rates drop to around 40-50 on 'Very High / Ultra' in the city sometimes on my GTX 970 but it is mostly playable and looks gorgeous so I will give it a pass)+ Decent cop / civilian / enemy AI (can still be really stupid sometimes)+ The world feels alive wherever you go+ Intense new Showd0wn multiplayer game mode added in patch v1.13+ Multiplayer races are added with patch v1.13The Okay:- Decent story- Driving (Although improved over the original Watch Dogs, can still use a lot of improvement)- Missions get a bit reptitiveCould Use / Suggestions:+ / - Co-op for more than 2 people+ / - Text chat for multiplayer / free roam+ / - Still could use better optimization-------------------------------------------Edit 2:After turning on 'Temporal Filtering' +FXAA/SMAAfrom 'Graphic settings'AND1.50 pixel densityfrom 'Display settings'I can now run Watch Dogs 2 at a constant 60FPS on Very High / Ultra settings (GTX 970) with minimal blurriness and extremely beautiful visuals.-------------------------------------------Ubisoft listened! New multiplayer modes added; includes: Showd0wn and Multiplayer Racing"
76561198075561086,Recommended,447040,28023988,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ISIS v.2,"This game is well optimized and pretty fun so far. No downgrade form the E3 gameplay either. Ubisoft has done it, they made a good game."
,Not Recommended,447040,28673131,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Crimson Gargoyle,"“EasyAntiCheat will take screenshots of your game screen and upload them on public servers, viewable to everyone, if the server provider wishes so. The author of this software and EasyAntiCheat takes no responsibility of screenshots captured outside the game screen. If any personal or harmful information is captured into a screenshot, the user is fully responsible for the incident and any consequences it may result in.”Oh, the irony."
,Recommended,447040,28094757,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Nyilov,"No downgrades, damn what happened to ubisoft?"
,Recommended,447040,32198378,Posted: 5 June,all,Woona,"Imagine the trailer you saw for Watch_Dogs, when it actually looked amazing. The reflections were clear, clutter on the streets, realistic weather scenes and beautiful sounds and effects. Now change the setting from Chicago to the amazing (although a simplified version of) San Francisco. Change the cast of characters to one that actually works brilliantly in a stroyline that's much deeper and more complex, while at the same time harmonizing with the real world much better...... That's Watch_Dogs 2. Despite the awfulness of the last Watch_Dogs, this game is an absolute must-have if you're into its style. Everything is damn near perfect. I never thought i'd say this, but well done Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,28089578,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Yukin0,It's pretty good but online has too many 'hackers'
,Recommended,447040,28174524,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mayu Zane,Watch Dogs 1 is forgiven.
,Not Recommended,447040,29243794,Posted: 14 January,all,Aquantis,"I liked it, until process hacker notifed me that EasyAntiCheat was running after I closed the game, and decided to make itself a startup processGlad the Steam Refund system works well.EDIT: for those who say I couldn't get a refund because I went over two hours;http://i.imgur.com/6TzrCVY.png"
,Recommended,447040,28491858,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bobcat,Ubisoft made this?!
,Recommended,447040,28195370,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Treviso,"An absolutely refreshing game in the open-world genre.Watch_Dogs 2 builds upon what worked well in the first game (hacking, stealth system),and removes all the stuff that was annoying in the first entry (being forced to climb towers to advance the story, grumpy protagonist, wonky driving).Higher up buildings now contain paint jobs for your weapons, vehicles, RC Jumper or RC Drone; Clothes or simply money. Nothing of which is required for progression. Some do hide Research Points which unlock skills, but there are plenty Research Points to obtain to get all the skills you want (I'm currently still missing 3 skills, none of which I am particularly interested in getting)You can now also find special drivable lifts, that can help you reach higher spots more easily.Marcus is a much more likeable protagonist than Aiden was, but more importantly, this game has an ensemble of characters. And while the 'internet lulz' aspect may seem too extreme to some, for me it works perfectly. The whole world of Watch_Dogs is a spoof of our own (arising from the simple fact they can't use real companies - besides Ubisoft themselves). After doing a few missions (main or side) I loved returning to the hackerspace to have a few conversations over recent events. It made everything feel very real. The story itself is nothing special, but the little moments made me grow very fond of all these characters.And while I didn't particularly dislike the driving in the first Watch_Dogs, I still think this one presents an improvement.And San Francisco is just beautiful and there's tons of stuff to discover. I prefer this much over the rendition of Chicago from the first Watch_Dogs. Firstly, WD San Francisco is actually bigger than WD Chicago and thus far much closer to the real life counterpart than Chicago was (Seeing as RL Chicago is actually larger than RL SF).I hope they choose another similarly sized location for their next entry and not something that can't be made justice with current technology like New York (I'd like Boston please).Thoughts on the PC Port: I had a single crash so far, but the game runs flawlessly otherwise.With the settings recommended by GeForce Experience, I get 55+ FPS all the time, usually it hovers around 65. Sometimes during very fast driving it drops below 50 for a splitsecond. Game looks fantastic at these settings.After roughly 52 hours I finished all main and as far as I know all side stories (these are not instantly marked on your map necessarily). This included me just messing around in the open world, collecting stuff or playing some multiplayer.This doesn't mean I'm done playing, since I still have a few collectibles and ressource points to get. And then there is multiplayer, which is not something I usually enjoy, but the asymmetry makes it work for me. And so far I had no connection problems or any experience with cheaters.Pay attention to my timer to see if the game holds me :)"
,Recommended,447040,28488213,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jon (Busy for 4 centuries),"Another open world third-person game, the game preforms better in every single way than the first game, I promised a better and detailed review and you're gonna get itWhat does the game improves and beats the first game?+Stealth system+Better AI+Crouching when aiming (in stealth)+Driving+Parkour+Graphics+Characters with personalitiesSo let's get to the game ( Honest Review )Set in San Francisco, you're Marcus Holloway. A much better protagonist than ""You killed my niece"" Aiden. Hacker group Dedsec makes a return in the game. To be honest I felt in the first game they were more serious and kinda dangerous. But nope the story proves that the dedsec members you meet is not as serious, they are pretty interesting and funny but they keep making me think they're just wannabe cool kids hackerz that hacks for the LOLZ. The main villain is eeh, he looked interesting in the trailers but nah (my opinion). The fact you tackle the main missions as you like is great, I love it. The plot is great, it grabs your attention to find out what happeneds next. The side missions are cool too. Anyways driving cars is much enjoyable tbh as well as sailboats. Character customization is a big plus. Finally, the ending was so great and just, its better than kill the main villain kinda deal Aiden had.Pros;+Story+Side Characters+Marcus.+Graphics.+Character customization+Driving+Stealth+Parkour+Drones+Selfies+Civilians AI+Hacking+SoundtracksCons;-Some bugs-Crashes-FPS drops while driving-FPS drops-Not great PC port (its not bad either, in between.)-Glitched animations-Falling on top of a tree, you'll just keep falling.-Short Story-After beating the story the characters are just dead, they don't talk or call you.-No gun takedowns-Only one takedown for speicals (heavy guys), seriously ubisoft? the first game had like 3 different takedowns FOR the special enemies. I'm really disappointed on this.-No new vehicles, I expected more cars to be in the game but 70% of the cars are already from the first game. The only new ones are those smart cars and old cars, and literally one performance car. I and a lot of people expected them to put more cars but I guess not then.Note:  that I did not have any problems loading the game what so ever. People are complaining about freezing screens and crashes. I didnt get a single one of them. Also some people are complaining that the recent patches destroyed their fps even more, From my point of view these patches got me running the game a solid 50-40 WHILE driving which in that case fps dropped SO bad when I first got the game. So I seriously don't know these patches fix some stuff for people and just destorys fps for other people.Notes :EDIT #1 : I added more cons to the game and stuff I miss from the first game.EDIT #2: I got myself a new 1050 TI asus strix, running this game at high preset and reflections turned to high, running this game a solid 50 and sometimes turns up to 60 in empty areas, at crowded areas with a lot of cars i only get a minimum of 45. That's brilliant, the game is so playable and optimized for me, however some other people are still getting terrible frames with good pc specs, it's werid; I gotta admit.At first I was running the game with my 750 gigabyte on very low and some settings medium and got about 30 fps and sometimes it dropped to 15.The game optimization is not fixed, it could be on your side or not on your side.EDIT #3 :I removed one of the cons, good thing Ubisoft added 4 player co-op. That's great yet they're other things that needs to be improved.Last thing Here are some nice ""DID YOU KNOW FACTS BY CREEPY UNCLE JON""  [Some contains spoilers]After Haratio's death, Josh steals some of the tescaz's money and sends them to Haratio's family.Jordi Chin is in one of the incoming dlcs, Which is uh neat?Ray actually forgot Tobais in the desert when Marcus and the crew joined that hackers contest Ray was hosting, He actually mentions him when talking to him.AIDEN IS IN DA GAME! I mean in one of the side missons, He was boring alright? but he's still bada$$"
,Recommended,447040,28103364,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RedCobra1246,"Let's make this short and sweet...Pros:+Decent optimization- 80-90fps very high/ultra 1440p 2x GTX 1080 SLI (edit: tested at 4k and getting 60-70 fps average)+Good graphics- not the best, but acceptable+Fun to play- a lot of bad jokes and events to laugh at+Interesting- interesting quests and events.  Will make you want to know moreNeutral:~Single player/multi mixing- can be disabled~Maybe too silly?- I miss the seriousness of the first one (preference)Cons:-Main characters- hipster teen rebels thinking it's cool to mess with the cops-Realism- ITwise, a lot of things are wrong.  If you are an IT expert, prepare to facepalm (edit: not the futuristic ones like phone hacking, but small misc things)-Can be repetitiveNot a bad game at all.  I wouldn't say worth $60, but if you can't wait, it's a good game.  7.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28113806,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lofwyr,A huge improvement on the first game and Ubisoft seems to have learned a thing or two about proper optimization this time around. Its the best open world game I've played in recent memory.Playing  on ultra settings with a gtx 1080 on a 3440x1440  21:9 monitor seeing 50-60 fps most of the time.
,Recommended,447040,32408668,Posted: 14 June,all,The Hellmare,"Hackers love a challenge... and this game accuratly shows just what that fantasized reality of being able to hack anything is like.Through the game you will meet lovable characters left and right, hear cringe-worthy memorable punchlines, hack the world, own the internet, and rank #1 on the app store because your app is just that popular.Watch_Dogs 2 is focused around gaining followers for your crew of hackers who go by the name of DeadSec. They reveal the truth of curruption in society and expose the fakes with evidence that shouldn't even be obtainable. By progressing further, more people will download your DeadSec app. Why this is important is because each and every phone which holds the app will give DeadSec more and more processing power which they will need later if they ever need to preform a wider scaled hack.The game's ability to roam around is great and the city looks phenominal. My only problem is the lack of activities to do in game. Multiplayer includes free roam, a few coop takedown missions, bounty hunting (after you!), and more. Sadly, the community in which plays these seems to be rather small and finding players isn't always easy. But single player is where the game shines best. The story lasts, it grows stronger towards the middle, and you will be genuinly angry at the characters who decide to cross you. The crew members you meet ingame really do feel like friends, and the top-dog companies grow to become dispised as you see them slowly unfold as you progress and witness the filth behind them.Watch_Dogs 2 is a good story game for single player but a bad choice if you want a good multiplayer experience. Aside from following the main story there isn't much to do but the game lasts as you find all it's secrets and try to tackle every small challenge it gives."
,Recommended,447040,30530054,Posted: 15 March,all,B0RA,>Sweared to a man in traffic>He started to yell at me>Citizens called police>Waited till the police comes>When police came guy punched me>Police arrested him10/10 Would do it again
,Recommended,447040,28135310,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Aaron♡Chloe,"Let's talk about new released title, Watch Dogs. After a long time wait, i could play this. Everyone had negative intentions about this one because of Watch Dogs I. Because Watch Dogs 1 was released with great downgrade of visuals. That was just not like how they represented at E3. But this time for Watch Dogs 2, of course visuals seems pretty much attractive like E3. There is no downgrade of visuals. Perfect visuals with highly detailed feels. You can explore it's amazing open world without even knowing how long you are exploring there. Because it's really enjoyable and attractive as hell. As far as i played, i can say Watch Dogs 2 ain't for story. It's based on open world activities and missions for Dedsec. Well it's enough for me. There are so many things to do and spend long time. Also co-op seems enough good, damn fun out there. All kinda missions seems challenging and perfect. I'm always a fanboy of Ubi, always loved their creations. But this time they just rocked up. So here are my scores in few ways.WaysAnalysisScoresQualityGreat quality game with amazing open world10CharactersCharacters seems kinda weird, no perfection on them6.00PerformanceRuns kinda smoothly in my config without any fps drops, Getting around 35-40 fps on i5 4590K, 8GB Ram, Asus Strix R9 390 8GB GDDR5 using maxed settings8.00UtilityNo crashes, no bugs, no errors, often black screen glitch on start up8.00ControllingSeems pretty comfortable and good9.00DiversityOpen world, multi hack, exploration, cool activities, enjoyable side quests and events10ImmersionUltimate and interesting fusion between game and series10DesignExcellently designed and highly detailed world10VisualsMasterely designed, attractive visuals, amazing animations, feels real life10MappingPretty cool google map, huge and expanded8.00InterfacePerfect options and functions, acceptable HUD9.00OptimizationAmazingly optimized game from Ubisoft like never before8.00ConflictsChallenging and enjoyable8.00ComparisonThoughtful, brighter, fantastic than any open world games10ContentContents are more upgraded and produced than Watch Dogs I7.00Co OpCool features and many enjoyable things to do with friends out there, kinda homie actually7.00Here is my overall score : 8.3/10Review : Will be updated willingly as i play furtherHopefully you'll hella enjoy this title, it's totally different than Watch Dogs 1. This is a must buy title for every open world and social activity lovers. Just wanna say, i never enjoyed an open world game like this. It's trully stunning and mind blowing. So recommending this to everyone. Thanks Ubisoft. Sayonara"
,Recommended,447040,28022233,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Maximo,"My experience primarily from PS4 version (Focusing on gameplay, not performance) it is running great on my PC though - specs on my profile.PROS+Drones are incredibly fun and useful. The quadcopter should be your first purchase (second purchase after pants). Some missions can be completed entirely with the RC Jumper, it makes for more dynamic ways to take on missions.+Fun new skills like hacking vehicles and calling gangs/cops on people.+Co-op is great fun, you can team up and complete co-op missions, hacking events or just run around collecting moneybags/research points.+I love the atmosphere, San Francisco looks incredible (even better on PC). Not to mention you can use the slides at Goo-uh, Nudle.+Driving. I’m throwing driving up here, I’ve had no problems with it. Engine Override (boost) skill is great too.+Very lenient achievements/trophies, was able to platinum it in no time at all (And I’ve only managed to platinum one other game).+Story was definitely a step up from watch dogs and had a much brighter tone to it. It does get slow at times.CONS-The alert system is WTF: You can sneak around but the moment one guard (or dog) sees you, everyone will INSTANTLY be alerted of your whereabouts, even if you take them out a microsecond after they notice you. I assume the guards must press a button to alert everyone but the dogs!?-The dialogue can get VERY cringe worthy at times. Some of the witty banter just comes off as awkward.-Unfortunately missions can’t be replayed (aside from co-op ones). And, like in GTA V, many restricted interiors become inaccessible after a certain mission.-The streets felt empty at times (on ps4 at least).-No Steam achievements, only UPlay.OTHER NOTES*Most missions are essentially ‘sneak into a restricted area, do something, sneak out’. Some may find it repetitive. Personally, I enjoy the challenges and like to try out different ways to tackle a mission.*The controls (on gamepad) might take some getting used to, it's a little different from WD1. Expect to be pulling out a gun instead of your phone.*The stun gun is very OP, especially once you research the “Amp Up” upgrade for it later on. I’m not complaining considering the alert system."
,Recommended,447040,28425946,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[TS3H-CO]King2203™,"So after sitting in the chair for a very long time thinking.Should i buy the game?I dont wanna get dissapointed like the last ubisoft titles i bought (The Division,Assassins Creed Unitiy,Assassins Creed syndicate,Watch Dogs 1)Watch dogs 1 was not that bad the story was just doll.So after sitting for a while thinking Is it worth the 60$ price tag is the story better unlike the other one?Did they fix the car machanics? (FYI - no)Overall:I gave it a try and i was exposed to a great gameThe story was really intresting dialogues was amazing and i love it that they added the world status that we are in today with the memes and trolls.Sides missions of gamers swating players like we can see on twitch today.Game is changed alot and i think its maby worth the 60$ price tag.Game is filled with funny moments and goofy characters.There are happy moments and sad moments.I do recommend the game story is not short unlike alot of other games."
,Recommended,447040,28120784,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Cult of Kek,"WHERE'S THE POOR OPTIMIZATION AND GRAPHICS DOWNGRADE?This couldn't possibly be a game by Ubisoft.I fail to accept..............Why is the game tagged ""illuminati""?0_0"
76561198152749606,Recommended,447040,31454916,Posted: 29 April,all,ocaoyy,Pros:+Very nice gameplay+Alot of good side missions+Great online (especially with the new update)+Big open world+Absolutely stunning visuals+Good story (though shorter than I expected)Cons:-Online stuff gets repetitive and boring fast.-Wish the story was longerGet it on sale.
76561198114818319,Recommended,447040,28124402,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Leviaic,"PROS:------------1.) San Fran is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful and lively.2.) Marcus is a good character.3. Characters.4.) Animations, sounds, graphics are all great, technically its wonderful.5.) Good progression.6.) Have to download apps on your virtual phone lol.I like the story so far, but I am not done yet so won't say anything.CONS:--------------1.) Some glitches, and bugs.2.) Main villian is uninteresting in my opinion.3.) AI is kinda easy.I haven't finished the game; I am taking my time with it and having a blast.8/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,447040,28022762,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,r2j2612,"Initial Impressions-TL;DR - Huge improvement over original one, Loving it so far!!!Pro's:-Game runs beautifully on Ultra, with extra options turned on. Minor frame drops during High Speed driving but thats it. Have had no major lags/Texture issues/Crashes so far.-Graphics are nice, with a nice render of SF. Unsure about authenticity. But looks good.-Much more hack options than Previous one (Attract people/Explode on their faces).-Vehicles handle very nicely.-Stealth/Melee-Parkour-Drones-Already unlocked fast travel points all around the map (which is so unlike Ubi).-Online Co-Op is working seamlessly. Just hacked a guy. Too much fun. Seems he was in same mission as I was about to enter and got hacked lulz!-Nudle maps, lulz!!Cons--Dat Selfie mode. Sorry, never was attracted to selfies.-Story takes itself to seriously but all that seriousness is lost in the Neon/Hipster culture/clothing.-Character models (especially when they are speaking) give a funny vibeSo far so good. Didnt felt like refunding like WD1. The world is dense and littered with side missions and heck, the whole map is unlocked with fast travel points.PS - Not as cool as F_Society although it tries hard lol!!!"
,Recommended,447040,32571097,Posted: 19 June,all,Durijat,Hacked People for money...Hacked People for mission...Hacked Cars and Bikes to crash each other...Made Donut Guy Arrested by police as terrorrist...Gave free tuition to korean girl student..Hacked other player...Hacked Armored cars...But I can't hack any dogs... Dissapointed...Empty your bank account for this game! Much better than the first one!
76561197973263296,Recommended,447040,28507115,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ddaydawg,"This is one of the most fun open-world games I have played in a long time. I liked it a lot better than GTAV because the storyline was more engaging and fun to follow.PROS:- Tons to do, been pumping hours into this game and I'm no where near doing it all- Great story line, you feel like you are actually doing something- Easy multi-player, the systems pulls people together and seperates them as needed- Decent enemy AI, not perfect but good enough that you sometimes get trapped- Amazing driving mechanics, driving is fun but add in control over lights and steam pipe explosions and other road hazards and it gets hillarious- Small things like the Scout app where you take selfies at landmarks are coolCONS:- Pedestrian AI is pretty annoying- Hacking mechanics get really repetitive after a while- Multiplayer anti-cheat is glitchy and causes a lot of failures- Call me old school, but I think you should have to visit each fast-travel point on the map to open them up, too easy all open out of the boxAll in all, I've throughly enjoyed playing this game. My favorite in the last few years. I've almost finished it and it should be interesting to see if I keep playing after the story line is complete."
,Recommended,447040,32965117,Posted: 28 June,all,AlexRoy10000,"This is one of the best ubisoft game.I have invested 300 hrs in this game and enjoied every minuit of it. This is one of those game who know how to manage their DLC properly. u dont feel left out if u dont have the DLCs or season pass and best thing is if your friend have any dlc they can share the  cars and coop missions from that DLC with u. if u want to buy the seaxon pass or some Dlc go ahead and buy it they have good single player missions,  amazing cars  and awesome weapons ( they are not op, cool but not op).  Now lets talk aboy the Pros and ConsPROS :1. Multiplayer, co-op & PVP is AWESOME !!! I mean they are fun.2. Missions are fun ,3. Free roaming is fun cause u can hack any thing u want.4. Graphics is good if not amazing.5. City is colorful.6. Live events ( AKA deadsec events) are fun .7. Ubisoft actually listen to you  and contacting suport team is easey.8. You are a badass hacker !!! how about that XD.CONS :1. PVP hackers/moders( hate them)2.  Bugs ( every patch bring some bugs and destroys some bugs)3. Every one thinks that it will suck like the 1st game so most people avoid it."
,Recommended,447040,28125955,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Panexed,You can pet doggos!
,Recommended,447040,28195386,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Def,"I love it. I hate it.Pros:1. City feels lively, random NPCs commit crimes, fight/bully others.2. Huge map, literally your playground3. Story is amazing, no revenge♥♥♥♥♥♥(except that one part) and more of ""exposing them"" things4. Fun gameplay, encourages you to find the research points5. Co-op is fun6. Soundtrack is awesome7. Multiplayer. Seamless. There are loading screens but they take less than a minuteCons:1. Stealth is a little odd. No matter what you'll be seen even by eliminating guards with your stun gun (Most of the time)2. Game crashes on me. I only need a few more ram to have a recommended setting. Heard of others crashing even with a supercomputer. Bad optimization?3. No more dialogue after the game. I wouldn't mind repeated lines, but the game just feels dead after the storyOverall:The game is fun, but there are some optimization problems for some.9/10, Game Of The Year for me."
,Recommended,447040,28103678,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,poptart,"It works and it's fun, you did good Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,29535085,Posted: 27 January,all,Pikapool,"Watch Dogs 2 is another game following the footstep of the first WD, but its not a sequel. Suprisingly this game is much better than the first. I have finished the story and all the side missions, lets talk about the optimization.Optimization:I will review the optimization both objectively and subjectively.Objectively: Ubisoft has done a pretty good job, at least better than the first WD. I got not problem launching the game on my first time. And the graphic option is very nice, you got many resolution options, I myself using the 1080p. For AA, you can choose the FXAA, MSAA, TXAA, and other generic options like bloom, motion blur, etc.Subjectively:My spec is i5-6600k, 16GB and 1070. I got some fps drops here and there, its not affecting me in a great way. And beside fps drops, I got random freezes, that I dont know wtf is wrong. But possibly is my cpu bottlenecking my gpu. Eventhough I play on ultra, I still got some freezes here and there, so, anyone out there who has the same specs as mine or the same cpu as mine, you know what you will get when playing.And about the game, here we go:Pros:- The main protagonist is likeable,Marcus has way much more emotion than Aiden. Even the rest of DeadSec, there are some stories about their background which makes me like em a bit.- Graphic is stunning- Story is better than the first one, imo.- The multiplayer session is indeed seamless, there were a few time a random objectives popped out asking me to chase a man in a car, while I was chasing me, another player join in and we chase the target together while downloading the data and facing other enemies shooting at us. The other mp activity is bounty hunt, when you or someone else creates lots of chaos, you will get a bounty, other players will hunt you as well, this happens real time, just like GTA.- You can interact with the world, in this case, San Fransisco. You can drink coffee in the restaurants, and NPC will comment at you when you stand near them. Even the NPC has their own story or things to do, and the game has a feature that lets you know the city landmarks or particular npc like the donut guy, lady boy, event a wedding. you can even see someone playing guitar and singing in the park and people cheering on him. This got me hooked, its fun to see a random NPC interacts with another NPC.- Musics are good, some of them are catchy enough to get my attention.- The weapons, beside stun gun, you also has shotguns and rifles and some variation on them. Its sad that there is no grenade launcher like Wrench's used on the last mission.- Gadgets, beside Marcus's phone, there are drone and rc cars, upgrade this and stun gun, it will help you a lot on any missions. Gun blazing is not recommended, because you will die in 4-5 hits from any guns. But I like gun blazing, there is no need of sneaking when you kill all the guards right?- Selfies- Activities like boat races is interesting, you have to go with the wind to win the race, the rest activities are boringCons:- had several CTD- after you finished the story and side missions, nothing to do. There are other activities like ekart race, drone race, bike races, but they are all boring, except boat race- Collectibles, FFS Ubisoft, stop with the collectibles. I spent hours just to find a way to get on top of a building to hack a terminal with my rc, Marcus could easily climb his way up there.- Hacking ""puzzles"", you know, redirect the pipes, bla bla bla.Overall, WD 2 is much better than WD 1. Get this when its on sale."
,Recommended,447040,28033315,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Saibot,"Lets be serious here.Here is the point where you determine whether or not you’ll really love it or hate it let me get this out of the way I didn’t mind the original watchdogs at all I mean yea it was overhyped and it had tons of problems but I still managed to find things that I really loved!Where Watch Dogs 2 really improves is in the section: “Character, Story and Gameplay”.Those were the main aspects for me to like Watch Dogs or not. I LOVE the improvement on Watch Dogs 2!The Gameplay is way less repetitive but its still an open world with bunch of stuff to cross off a list but combination of good progression systems and just more purpose and variety makes things feel stronger. What I really really loved about all improvements was the stealth system.It actually feels like the game stresses stealth much harder, which means the game is sometimes pretty hard without using stealth. But it gets kinda frustrating when you don’t use stealth, get seen by a person and every other enemy knows exactly where you are. I don’t mind that at all but I know that some people may be frustrated about that.Other than that you spend a lot of time on the rooftops of San Francisco. You can be running around you’re gonna be climbing stuff you’re gonna be parkouring which looks pretty cool but ultimately doesn’t really add anything “special”. It doesn’t re-invent the wheel you know. This♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of options that you have at your disposal I already mentioned even lends itself to getting to higher ground you know you can like fly your drone up somewhere you can hack a crane and do all weird stuff like that it’s just a good way pointing out that everything in this game can be improvised.Now there are two things which I really don’t like about this game.The Hacking relies way too heavily on these augmented reality pipe puzzles where you follow trials of line of code in the game and tweak pipes to get the data to flow the right way or something. Watch Dogs 2 does that waaaay too much and after a while they just feel extremely freaking grading ….Second one is that the shooting doesn’t feel as strong as it did in the first game and basic stealth feels a bit odd at times and finicky. The stealth is extremely… unforgiving… Like I mentioned before. Running around -- Someone see you -- EVERYONE literally EVERYONE knows where you are… and that’s.. kinda frustrating at times.But with all the other added elements it feels satisfying. The game world of san Francisco and the bay area itself look and feels NICE. NPC’s have a lot going on they can even photobomb your selfies. You can even pet dogs. Or you can run them over but.. Don’t do that. Lol.Ubisoft captured the look and the feel of San Francisco pretty decent even if I just watched some Google Street View stuff and I kinda like what I see. The Game feels pretty decent and all in all a good Time waste and a good improvement on Watch Dogs 1.My Specs:i7 4770k @ 3.50ghzGTX 1070 EVGA SC 8gb VRAM16GB DDR3 RamAcer Monitor with 144hz"
,Recommended,447040,32875007,Posted: 27 June,all,Vice,I like the light hearted approach they went with this game unlike the dark and edgy vibe they had with the first
,Recommended,447040,28073459,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ocelot,Good Optimization - CheckFull Steam Controller support - CheckGood Soundtrack - CheckNice Graphics - CheckNot broken at launch - CheckWow is this game really made by Ubisoft?
76561198176771049,Recommended,447040,28024258,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Arthur Morgan,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.1.Well optimization ain't that great tbh...but still its playaplayable2.Good setting San Francisco3.Nice gameplay with New hacking features4.Coop is the only thing I liked about multiplayer8/10 from meAnd ofc I will recommend this game :)
,Recommended,447040,28284147,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,paratr00pr,"I would so much recommend this game. Kudos to Ubisoft for pulling this one through. Watch dogs 1 is forgiven.I see a lot of improvements and features that can be added for the next version already.Pros- Recreates SF nicely- Love the Jumper and Drone- Nice research tree- Characters are awesome- Concept of phone and apps is niceCons- Bugs here and there, minor graphics glitches- Hate the Run button binding on Left stick click on Xbox controller- Should tell if a mission cannot be completed with Jumper/Drone. I had to redo New Dawn Temple mission twice since the jumper dies after the lift.Tip: DO NOT PLAY THE GAME LIKE GTA KILLING EVERYONE. PLAY WITH THE JUMPER/DRONE AND YOU WILL LIKE THE GAME MUCH BETTER."
,Recommended,447040,28154102,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Darth Platypus,"Let me say first, this is NOT EVEN CLOSE to the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game that was the original Watch Dogs. This game has style, a compelling story and refreshing gameplay. It is stealth based, so if you are looking for a run and gun game, this might not be for you. You can run and gun, but you will die quickly.In a nutshell, this game is awesome. First time I haven't had buyers remorse for a video game in a long time. I honestly think this is one of the best games to be released this year, and you should give it a go. If you like vibrant world spaces, anti-establishment rhetoric, a compelling story and new and refreshing gameplay, this game is for you."
,Recommended,447040,28324270,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,shamwari,Ubisoft made me proud.
76561198046000536,Recommended,447040,28526672,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,EpicPwner,"Singleplayer+ Fun, humerous and enjoyable.+ Interesting gameplay which leads to a lot of funny and awesome moments.+ Some characters are brilliant- Some have little to no personality- Doesn't quite match the feel and tone of it's predecessor- Sometimes slows down even on the lowest settingsMultiplayer+ Co-op is improved from WD1, players can choose their character style and can do missions together.+ Fun when it goes well- Hackers (as in literal hackers) are everywhere. I just got off a match where the guy was under the ground hacking my car while the police were chasing me. Another guy lagswitched me (lag got worse than the normal slow downs I get in game). Definitely the multiplayer environment in which to start a competitive multiplayer event in amirite? No way will this make the situation worse when you offer in-game items.- Anti-cheat systems are prone to failure. The hackers mentioned above didn't get kicked, but I did. The anti-cheat will ban you at any time you don't want it to. This isn't just affecting me either, it affects my friends too.- No text chat, so without a mic I can't talk to my friends.Overall, the gameplay is good and I would recommend, but just stay well away from the multiplayer until Ubisoft has finished fixing the anti-cheat."
,Recommended,447040,28247340,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,styckx,"I absolutely despised WD 1. It was boring, repetitive, and just lifeless. After reading reviews I finally buckled and decided to give WD 2 a purchase.. Holy hell. What a difference. I have no inclination of a refund and thoroughly enjoying the game. I was pure set on hating it as much as I hated the first one but.. Nope.. Ubisoft finally proved me wrong.. That they can right a wrong..."
,Recommended,447040,29973229,Posted: 16 February,all,⭑Flux⭑,"ProsStory is great imoGraphics are 8/10Each missions feel different/ Doesn't get repetitiveLots of side missions and online eventsConsBad pc port. although i'm getting 80+ fps on ultra, there's still a lot of stuttering especially when drivingNo replay value. Not much to do after finishing the main story and side missions.MehDriving - it's bad at first but you'll get used to itStealth - Stealth in this game is very simple, just 1)hack 2)takedown/taze 3) repeat for the next enemySpecs - i5-6600k, GTX 1060 scPlaytime (including side missions)- 30+ hoursIts a great game and definitely worth picking up when on sale"
,Recommended,447040,28244586,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,The Stranger,"I will edit this review as I complete the Main story line and maybe change my opinion based on what happens!We all know the Story of Watch_Dogs 1, the failed game, the ""beta"" of what was supposed to be a really good and new game. And so many, including me, thought Watch_Dogs 2 was gonna be the same.We were wrong.I am surprised myself that I get to say that Watch_Dogs 2 is actually a really good, fun game.Of course, it has it's problems, it's not perfect, but for a Ubisoft game, especially in the Watch_Dogs franchise, it is incredible.The story(so far)is really great. And yes, it is repedetive, but because of how differently you can approach every missions, it's actually fun to do something a couple of times. Or all the time.In the beginning I was hooked, excited and actually calm. The driving has improved a lot, the physics though, well,not really.Yes, you can still wheely at 100km/h with Choppers and do backflips when you hit cars. No big deal, am I right.But it feels better. Not chunky like in Watch_Dogs 1. I actually like driving in this game. Yep, I just said that.The world doesn't feel empty or repetitive, I barely come across a person with the same name or text. The audio conversations you can listen to actuallyfeellike real conversations. Texts do too, just not as much. Someone tried hard.You can also find dogs ingame, which you can pet and you will get reactions from civilians from this.Something important:You can kill civilians.Yes.Unlike Watch_Dogs 1 you can kill civlians without a consequence. I like this feature, not because I am a heartless person, but because it's realistic. They sometimes call you out if you are in a restricted area or try to fight you if you almost ran them over. You can then either pull out your gun and just aim at them or actuallykillthem.Also; the cops are lousy. For real.But.Lately I just ragequit. If my PC doesn't.Yes, I get bluescreens from this game, but I may have fixed the problem for this. We'll see.But you wanna know why I quit? Let me tell you.Dear Ubisoft,if I play a story mission for 50 minutes after dying 4 times, I get creative and I eventually make it through.And I did.And as usual, everyone gets alerted and search the area for me which (since the city is open at all times and most buildings havenocover possibilities) I run for my life.Butinvisible walls make that impossible.So I died. Again.At this point I am really frustrated, but I completed the objective and think I can just start from there, right?WRONG.You can't. The game doesn't have checkpoints and you will have to start the mission from theverybeginning. And it has been getting worse with the introduction of better and stronger enemies, which need around 100 rounds in the head to die. No joke.Pros:- Open City at all times- Fast Travel to stores, caffe's and bars- You can interact in those open interior places- Much more texts, calls & Personalities on the street- A lot of interesting places to see and visit- You can take selfies and get followers for certain locations- Driving improved a lot- Hacking is not just a press of a button, multiple options- Nice graphics this time- Good combat- Create your own weapons in the 3D printer- Interesting characters, even though sometimes the audio is out of sync- Good cut scenes, no overlap- Costumizable clothes on character, paintjobs for guns and cars- Be a Uber driver 'cause why not- A lot to do beside side and main quests- You can infiltrate the Ubisoft Office in a side mission- Aiden Pearce apparance & quest- (So far) a good storyCon's:- No checkpoints in missions- Physics- Fast alerting enemies- 360° vision on some enemies- Marcus refuses to climb sometimes- Can't walk over fences if they are below you- Invisible walls- Can't squeeze between objects you obviously  fit through- Enemies get stuck in those spaces- Controls (especially on the controller) are  a bit overwhelming at first- (For me) Bluescreens with the High Texture PackAs of now:I recommend this game, even though it's driving me insane.It is still a very, very good game. It's enjoyable and beautiful and you can just roam around and explore. You don't have to do missions if you don't want to.It has issues, but the positive stuff is better than the negative.I suggest you go and play it yourself.But.Checkpoints. Please, fix it.8/10 so far."
76565610786688940,Recommended,447040,28277158,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Nathan,This one has dogs in it.
,Recommended,447040,28107658,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Beggar Soldier,Best open world game that Ubisoft madexdxdPros:- San Fransisco is a beautiful city- You can hack more things- Optimized- Graphics are amazing- Parkour is much more better and smoother- Character Customization (clothing)- Online activities- New drones- Improved driving- Weapon and drone customization (skin)- You can do stealth or agressive style- Amazing story-FREEnew contents in the updates!cons:- i think nothing10/10
,Not Recommended,447040,28715689,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FatalMistake465,PC meets all the recomended specs and the stutering makes the game unplayable.Underneath the performance issues is a game with great gameplay and a good story but its just another badly done port.
,Recommended,447040,28196415,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Perfidious,"Let's start this off with something I thought I would never say: Well done Ubisoft, well done.Who would have thought that Ubisoft would release a game that is both fun and well optimised, maybe they are turning a new leaf, the Steep beta was also both of the above as well. In a time where new releases are plagued by bugs, terrible optimisation and poor console ports (here is looking at you Mafia 3 and Dishonored 2) it is nice to see a game that is actually good out of the gate.Graphics:I play on 4k with a mixture of high and medium settings and the game looks wonderful, it is a bit brightly colored and happy, but honestly that is what I think of when I picture San Fran. There is definitly a difference as you drive though Oakland compared to say Silicon Valley, and you don't really even need the map to tell you where you're at as it is visually apparent. The effects that are used, blur, bloom, DOF are all well done and not over used, a stylistic blur comes in when you're cruising top speed down the highway, the shadows are well done especially on the highest settings (though fps taxing) so i roll with them on medium. The cars and characters look nice as well (aside from car interiors, again.)Story:I am not that far into the main story line as the side quests are quite enjoyable and varied, but from what I have played of it it is interesting and fresh. There are a ton of pop culture references strewn about the game from Anonymous to Tom Cruise to Scientology and they are all well done and some are actually laugh out loud worthy. The relationship between the group of hackers really shines, the banter back and forth, the picking on each other and the sense of comradery is great, it makes you feel like you're actually part of something.Sound:There is a huge lack of volume settings in the game, you cant individually adjust say the radio or the vocals, but other than that everything is spot on. The voice acting is fantastic, in the first few minutes of the game I thought they were going a little overboard with the main character dropping the F bomb, to a point where it wasn't realistic, but it calmed down and everyone has their own personalities that shine through with the voice acting.Performance:Running 4k on a gtx 970 is netting me a solid 40 fps (which i will take with gsync) Don't bother with SLI as it runs worse than using one card and temporal filtering. Some people have noticed a large visual decrease when turning this on, I for one haven't seen anything at all. Check my screen shots for some examples of how it looks.Overall this is the most fun I've had with a game this year straight from the box without having to wait for a handful of patches.My Specs:Intel i7 4790kGtx 970 sli (running single card mode)32gb RamWin 10 64bitAcer xb280hk 4k Monitor"
,Recommended,447040,28327164,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Lobaraptor,"I can definitley say that I liked the first game, everyone seemed to despise it, yet there I was actually enjoying my time.Playing this game made me realise how bad the first one was (especially if you compare it to this one). Dialogue is actually worth listening to, mostly the dialogues between The Wrench and Marcus. The things that are hackable are legitimately fun to use. The characters are good. Ubisoft has fixed it.My only complaint is some of the side missions later on get repetitive, it feels like you're just doing the same thing but on different people."
,Recommended,447040,29411272,Posted: 21 January,all,interFaZer,"Watch Dogs 2 summed up in 3 gifs:-http://i.imgur.com/Hfzf14T.gif-http://i.imgur.com/5nfca5U.gif-http://i.imgur.com/iVHfwLc.gifHow it differs from the first game:+ It's not a boring turd+ The protagonist isn't an uninteresting loser+ It doesn't take itself seriously+ Driving is actually good this time around+ It doesn't try to be GTA+a couple of gimmicksWhy you should play it:+ It's ♥♥♥♥ing fun+ Seamless online without endless loading screens *coughGTA5cough*+ Absolute eye candy, both the graphic design in the game and the UI are gorgeous+ EXCELLENT soundtrack, I can't emphasize this enough+ Single-player, co-op and PvP missions are perfectly defined so it doesn't become a disorganized messUsually, seeing this on Steam: ""Requires 3rd-Party Account: Uplay"" was a deal-breaker, because it meant- No achievements- No steam market integration (trading cards, badges, emotes, backgrounds)- Dealing with uplayBut Watch Dogs 2 is so good I don't even care.Small note:it's pretty demanding(especially on the CPU), so please refrain from cranking things up and then complaining about choppy framerates. Not being able to max it out doesn't make it a bad port - it just means you've got a mid tier gaming PC."
,Recommended,447040,32618487,Posted: 21 June,all,PoweritheTrue,+Good Story+Online+Characters+DLCS+Missions+Graphics+Weapons-Really Bad Optimization-Gets Bored Quickly7/10
,Recommended,447040,32655253,Posted: 22 June,all,Toxic ☣,"Bought it, kept it, didn't play it until a few days ago.Plenty of story, decent content, great gameplay in terms of the gunplay, parkour etc.Really good game I think, would and will play again in the future.8/10"
,Recommended,447040,32868374,Posted: 27 June,all,Captain Picard,Would be perfect if it had Steam Achievements. 9/10
76561198032243627,Recommended,447040,34332374,Posted: 18 August,all,Dopeh,"I can say from the heart,i have never been more depressed for finishing a game as i would like to play way more of thisI'm not a sucker, i dont buy anything , and was a bit weary to buy this title, did so on summer sale 2017i had my doubts when i started the game, the hack art felt a bit ""desparate"" (and instant seizure inducing lol) and hacking people a bit annoying , with non entertaining chats and convos , the vehicles felt a bit jerky and when used to GTA the walking is a bit funny at start.....I seriously thought i wouldn't enjoy the game.But then i stopped roaming to do pointless things, and started  doing the missions , and slowly the reality came to me that i loved every mission , puzzles(which i hated at 1st but then i started to get how they work) , and personal goals once i was getting into the game......The game starts to open up to you but it takes a while for the coin to drop.Also the characters took  some getting used to and if you just take it all for what it is the game is very amusing......some people complain its poorly optimized.... i dont agree...... the city is pretty huge and theres a lot going on.i suspect if the game was poorly optimized , the game wouldnt run at all......no offense meant but i have to say it:  i think some people are butthurt that they cant run the game smooth in ultra....it doesnt mean its poorly optimized. its just takes really a high end pc to be able to enjoy it all at an acceptable fps.....i have a 6700k i7 , with 32 GB ram and a gtx 1080 and at full setting the game will be stuck somewhere between 20 and 30 fps...... i can imagine people want it to run better , but the eye candy in this game is exceptional......dont expect it to show when ur running on a potato chip pc though.after playing the game till the end i spent about 90 hours including some afk-time.i have played most or all the side missionsBut theres still DLC's i will surely buy later. this game is a 10 out of 10 for me(both graphicwise and playability wise, story is a 8 + i guess ). it hit me by surprise.  I might even grab wd1 if there is no more wd3 coming out. I'm just afraid its an adventure Ubisoft isnt going to risk ,(even if its a self inflicted wound on themselves  for screwing with peoples minds back in 2012) .Hopefully they learned their lesson but keep coming up with sequels.Imo give old ubisoft a second chance on this one if ur pc is less then 2 generations old (i mean 2 computer generations not human ones lol )nice ansel screeniehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1112833361"
76561198058473246,Recommended,447040,28032651,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fireman Sam,Was Hacking In The Middle Of The Street And Got Hit By a Bus 10/10-look both ways before hacking kids
,Recommended,447040,31064163,Posted: 10 April,all,Weaselly,"It's like somebody at Ubisoft saw the original Watch_Dogs and said,""Hey, let's do that, but better."""
,Recommended,447040,33770241,Posted: 24 July,all,Anelisse,"PRO :- awesome game with beautiful graphic.- every mission is unique.- you can hack everything and is a lots of cars in this game.- is hard to lose cops and if you dont use stealth in this game , you can die quickly.CONTRA :- you can't play story mode in co-op , just missions.- multi-player it's same like GTA V Online."
,Recommended,447040,29306900,Posted: 16 January,all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,"Okay I can talk like all the other reviewers about the graphics or the mechanics or the vehicles or the costumes or whatever of the game but I will not do that to you, the truth is this game is freaking amazing I am extremely very satisfied and I can’t stop coming back and playing it again and again. Everything about it is good.Example of some of my selfies :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=838365799http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=841933806Also, playing it gave me a hard-on a couple of times thumbs up for that. Ubisoft did good with this game have to give them that. Love taking selfies in this game I love this feature.Note: As a YouTuber I had a lot of issues with copyrighted music even when I have the music turned off there are cut-scenes with music and the costume stores have background music that can’t be turned off … so that is only the annoying sh!t I am facing otherwise all is good . (I will update this part if they fix it )I do recommend this game to all, rating it 9/10 must buy and be satisfied.I will place my gameplay this week on my YouTube channel:https://www.youtube.com/c/Hovacones1?sub_confirmation=1Gameplay Play list:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYAMA37b1-A&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mUvavVoNNp1ATwTvTdrNL__"
,Recommended,447040,28023150,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Korraspoopalami,"Gorgeous graphics, incredible performance on even ultra, almost all settings are customisable (toggles, sensitivity etc.) and the driving is honestly great - this was a killer for me, and it really adds to the overall experience.I'm only at the start of the game so I can't comment on the story yet, but from what I've seen Marcus is a great main character and the open world SF is breathtaking - the atmosphere is just right, activities are plentiful and overall it feels so much more interesting of a world than Watch Dogs 1.I almost feel like the game is GTA V's little brother in San Francisco, it's brilliant overall, I have no complaints - definitely a step up from the original game, and it's nice to have a triple A game not completely fail the PC port for once this year.Edited to include more details."
,Recommended,447040,28090728,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Monkeyhuouse,"It's actually fun. It's actually really fun. At least co-op/open world is. Lots of activities, helpful collectibles, clothes and cars (and guns) to buy, interesting gadgets and upgrades. You can cause lots of trouble and chaos, get IN lots of trouble with cops and gangs, and it's all pretty easy to get into beyond the beginning intro/prologue.It's got its share of problems, of course, but all I ask you to do is not base your expectations on the last game. It's a different game, entirely."
,Not Recommended,447040,29223105,Posted: 13 January,all,CybertroySlayer,"Everything seems so great at the start of the game. The missions the side quests all are on point in the beginning. Marcus also seems cool. After 10 hours of gameplay it starts to be dull even the main missions. While Side quests become repetitive go fetch some stuff. I have completed 80% of the game roughly. And I don't wish to play this game anymore even for the sake of completion.Talking about the open-world,Ubisoft have completely nailed the details of San Francisco. The world is so on point. Best open-world in recent times. NPCs are detailed too. The problem with all ubisoft games is that they make a great open worlds but they never end up becoming great games. Its same with WD2. Great open-world but not great game. Talking about shooting,it feels so generic. Its so worst that in my 27 hrs of gameplay as of now,I have never gone for all guns blazing approach in any mission or side quest. Its better than WD1 for sure but not a great game tbh. Buy it on sale if you really want this"
,Recommended,447040,28152977,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Brian,"San Francisco is recreated well enough, and I'm having a lot of fun. It seems to encourage stealthier solutions to missions rather than shootouts, but that's certainly an option."
76561198111067551,Recommended,447040,30035521,Posted: 19 February,all,gotch,"great fun game,bit like gta but more fun for the non-multiplayer like me.personally im not into charging about a game dodging endless 12yr olds and older idiots etc,my enjoyment of of pc games comes from switching on when i have a lazy day ,playing for couple of hours n then switching it off,no set times,no set plans,just random enjoyment.and this game works very well for that,i have slooowly learnt the tricks n methods etc,have ignored missions whenever i felt like it and wandered about doing my own thing.i did have to enter a line in the startup file on steam to prevent the online side if things,having randoms turnup was annoying i found,now no more randoms.i had gta and enjoyed the single player for a while but its very samey in single player and its world isnt convincing at all.this however has me just walking about,interacting and doing allsorts and i discovered some great places for fun n games with drones,guns etc.at my age,60yrs and gamed since spectrum days,this is what gaming is all about for me,a proper use of 21st century  pc tech.runs great on my sorted amd fx8350/16g ram,generic cheap mobo, coupled to the old HD9790 card so reckon the moaners that suffer tecxh problems should stick to consoles,obviously too stupid to own a pc. ;)only downside really is the marketing and longwinded downloads,im simply not interested in clothing and pretty painting on stuff and would rather do without it all and not have to spends ages waiting for a download in order to start my game.as for the £35 season pass or the £5.95 for a new hat?,yeah right thats not going to happen,keep your tshirts n faff ubisoft you come across as,ironically,the baddies in this game imo."
,Recommended,447040,28246693,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,H U N T E R,"I dont post reviews on games... But when i do, the game well deserveres it. Watch Dogs 2 is by far one of the finest made ubisoft game of all time."
,Recommended,447040,28652716,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Corvo,We finally have dogs :)
,Recommended,447040,28133385,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Spooky Scott,"From the 20+ hours I've played as off 2/12/16 or the 12/2/16 for you Americans, I can safely say this game is really good.Story and Missions: Straight from the start you get a very strong intro in my opinion and throughout the course of the 20+ hours the side missions all have a story to them that are either explained in detail or extremely briefly, which is still good seeing that in most open world games you just get the side mission, you do it, then you're done and the repetitive crap over and over again. Straight from the start as well and throughout to where I am, I am still flooded with missions and side content to do it's insane. The main story is really good. All of them so far have been really enjoyable missions where you usually have to break into somewhere. e.g. Nudle (Google Pisstake), !NVITE and HAUM which is a business that takes advantage of the peoples trust in them to sell data. About halfway through the story something happens to a character I personally got really attachted too over the course of the 20+ hours. This involved a gang called the Tezca's, and when I started off this game I wanted to not kill anyone because I didn't think it was in Marcus' nature, but after this I got into a Tezca hideout and just ♥♥♥♥ing killed them all because of this. After that, the gang members in the area heard the shots and about 15 guys flooded me, cops ended up showing up and it was just a complete ♥♥♥♥♥how, but this shows how a simple thing like this can really make you want to get revenge, which brings me onto the next part.Characters: For me, especially Wrench and Marcus are extremely well written and well voice acted, this is the first game I've played in a long time, if at all that actually feels like you are listening to real people talking! Props to Ubi for the voice acting and script, ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. Sometimes the dialogue does feel a bit cringey but I think thats happened on about 2 occasions, one involving cornholes?Gameplay & Animations: First off, the parkour is ♥♥♥♥ing great. The animations feel smooth and flow extremely well. I find it really fun to just to get on top of a random cop car and get them to chase after me just for an exciting cop chase. The stealth feels great but there are some issues, the AI when you get detected and kill them a split second too late, everyones on you, most of the time they don't even say anything but everyone magically knows. Overall, using the RC and Drone to your advantage feels really good and using the stun gun and gunplay feels good, as well as the 8-ball on a rope thing feels really statisfying to hit people with.Controls: Driving, wow. For me it even rivals GTA 5's driving, it feels really good, especially handbrake turning around a corner, it gives you that statisfying drift and you do feel like a real race car driver. Sometimes with the cover system it can feel a bit dodgy but it isn't a big deal at least to me. The running feels really smooth.World: San Francisco is a vibrant, expansive map which includes Oakland and Marin which all are extremely detailed and colorful. With ScoutX which I will explain later, it just feels like an alive world full with plenty of landmarks.Extra things: I love the fact that Ubisoft have implemented the song system so you can listen to music of your choice while roaming around the world. ScoutX is a system that makes you explore San Francisco and see all of it's Landmarks. Songsneak is a really nice feature as well as it feels like an extra collection. The phone which is your main interface in the game feels like a real phone which is really important to me.Multiplayer: I've tried a bit of this with the bounty hunt missions which are extremely fun, the invasions which to me are a bit bland, would of liked maybe something more with it. But what really stands out is the multiplayer co-op missions. There are a wealth of these and I'm not joking. I have literally done about 20 - 30 of these and every time I finish one it seems like more and more keep popping up. I understand it can get boring after a while but if you and your mate love to do co-op missions together you will love this.Ubisoft, well ♥♥♥♥ing done. I can safely say this is one of the best games I've ever played, to me it even matches Witcher 3 in terms of detail, story and fun. Please keep making games like this."
76561198033754640,Recommended,447040,28457931,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,VenomSula,"Review For this game is done (RFTGID)You're the protagonist, Marcus who must get revenge on bl..... You probably already know the backstory of the game and just want to know how the game runs, i got you covered.I'm running:Processor: I5 4460 Quad Core (4 Cores) / 3.2 GHzWam: 8 GB (Gigabytes) DDR3 / 1600 MHzVideo Card: GTX 750Ti / 2 GBHard-on Drive: 1TB Hard DrivePSU: 650 WattsBefore the performance patch:I had to turn everything down due to the game running really poorly, it ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥and was poorly optimized to♥♥♥♥♥♥After the performance patch:I have everything on high, 420 blze my♥♥♥♥♥♥off, it was running gorgeously on high/ultra settingsReason why i say it's a Review in Progress (R.I.P my♥♥♥♥♥♥ is because i haven't finished the main game, keep on getting side tracked by side missions, really fun and stupid fun dialogue. Will edit my review in the later future if i feel i need to add more to thisEdit: I get about 45-50 FPS running on high settings, and the frames will stay that stable unless i have the game running for a really long time, or if im running background programs, even then, this game runs very smoothly; and will give Ubisoft the point here for making a stable game that runs.Edit: 2016-12-26 - I have just finished watch_dogs 2 and safe to assume that i really enjoyed the game. Very narrative linear story telling experience. There are some complaints i will STRONLY address in my review that i have not gotten the chance to do in my original review above as you just read; but it will be going over a bit of the story, specs, problems, improvements that i think this game should've done, and over all, Should you buy this game?Warning: This review is gonna be Strictly serious, a bit funny, but mostly serious, so if you laughed at my review up top, just read that like 5 more times or something. and be on your day with your cat videos on facebook or what-not.Okay, now that we got those normies out of here, I'll be honest with you guys, from someone that played the first watch dogs and kinda enjoyed the elements from the first game; all i can say is i enjoy the game alot (NOT PAID BY UBISOFT TO SAY THIS). Somewhere along the line i can possibly see myself doing a second playthrough of this game, which shows how much i love this game ($$$), though there isn't alot of derived choice game, we did get a game where the story is pretty linear and a world full of activities. Pretty linear, you might be confused, i'll get to that, with the world activities; but first:The Story:The game of course revolves around a black protagonist this time, OHHHHH HE USED THE 'B' WORD!; calm your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubishit decides to revive a hated series from the coma bed and tries their work to make a ♥♥♥♥ing character with a personaility that actually breaths air, unlike aiden which breaths through a suction tube. Marcus (The black character) goes out and tries to clear his name while trying to prove to people that their data is not safe from anyone no matter how much blume tries their hardest with the new technology, CToS 2.0; which is a much advanced version of 1.0, just like the first game, the technology was♥♥♥♥♥♥ but improves in the 2.0 aspects. Your mission as Marcus is to team up with Dedsec and take down Blume, CToS and some yoga loving ♥♥♥♥.Specs:The specs are pretty straight-forward - If you don't understand specs, either get your parents, or w.e, or throw your pc in the microwave to get better specs, but if you don't understand this, just move on to the next part of the reviewMinimum:OS: Win 7Processor: I5-2400S 2.5 GHz/AMD FX 6120 3.5 GHzRam: 6 GBVideo Card: Nvidia GTX 660 (2 GB) / AMD Raedon HD 7870 (2GB)HDD: 50 GBRecommended:Over Sexual: Win 10Stove: i5 3470 3.2 GHz / AMD FX 8120 3.9 GhzWAM: 8 GBV-Card: GTX 1060 (3 GB) / AMD R9 290 (4 GB)Hard-on ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Drive Space: 50 GB (Thats huge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) )Don't assume that your minimal specs can run this game on High +, just stick with your potato graphics for a 60 fps experience, but if you're rebelious. then just disable:Motion Blur (♥♥♥♥ing garbage)Bloom (Disable that like how you disable their servers. lel)San Francisco Fog (lol Cisco)Extra Details (DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING MOVE THAT A SINGLE INCH, UNLESS YOU WANNA KISS YOUR PC GOODBYE, YOU NORMIES).PROBLEMS: HOLY.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanted to get to this part really badly to address some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥i had with this game. These aren't serious issues, well ONE in particular is. It triggers me. Some times during a free roam or mission you're in. You'll be doing a really hard mission where you decided to go Jared Fogle out and decide to pop these foo's, and You will have moments of deep sorrow of your pc freezing for a few seconds with sound playing and the sound will stop, then after a few seconds the sound will return in hopes of the game coming back to you, just like your Ex, but only to find out that the process ends. It tilted me harder than a N64 Cartridge, knowing that if i didn't make a wrong turn to have my game crash, i would've still kept on playing. Another issue is shooting dogs (Get TRIGGERED PETA ♥♥♥♥♥ES). shot like 20 of them and maybe ran over 10, there are dogs of many breeds; but there are also puppies, which i shot and exploded. Wait this section was suppose to be about problems.... NVM. just read the game crash that i addressed.Improvements: Some of the improvments i think watch dogs should've done to make this game a bit better is:Customization♥♥♥♥ing helicopters or planes or somethingMore relaxed minigamesNo garages for rare vehicles you findCustomization: There isn't alot of customization in this game, apart from coloring your weapons/cars, i wish they'd let us add features to guns, such as scopes, silencers, or ext.mag, maybe i wanna go in silent with a silenced Mag-7 (Gernade Launcher), same with vehicles, only color changes, maybe i wanna add turbo on a mini cooper; don't tell me how to live my life.♥♥♥♥ing helicopters or planes or something: i literally wanna ♥♥♥♥ a helicopter and plane. Next point.... JK, in the first game there was a helicopter you had to invade and i thought that was cool, but i wish there was something your character could fly in, so in the second game, it felt like i got trolled on how we got a tech heli-copter, but it does come in handy when it comes to hacking people if you don't feel like mvoing your fingers to move a virtual character that moves more than you in a day-to-day basis. He has a toy-helicopter and RC-Car, and again; IT'S ONLY CUSTOMIZABLE THROUGH COLORS. if you wanna upgrade them, you have to do it through the skill tree.The Skill-tree: i forgot about that, you have a basic amount of skills in your skill tree, but you don't have all of them. How do you get all the skills you might ask? Through Downloadab..... lol just teasing you. You find the rest of the skills around the map, and the skills you're looking for specifically are marked on your map of san francisco, so you don't have to say ""Where do i get this skill hurr durr.""More relaxed minigames: Just bring back chess, that was the only fun thing about Watch dogs 1No Garages for your rare vehicles you find: >Be me>Free roams around map>Find really expensive car>Steals it>Wanna save it for cruising>Can't, the only way to save vehicles, it by buying it in a car shop, and their ♥♥♥♥ing pricier than my education in computers>Just buys a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ miniTo sum it up, cause there's alot i want to talk about, everything is mostly hackable in this game, One of the characters in Dedsec, The ending to the game, the tumblr antagonist, Where TF did she go?. ♥♥♥♥ing CUSTOMIZATION. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this game is DEFINETLY the right step Ubisoft needed to go with this game, Don't add me to ask me ""How is this game, PLEASE"". It was worth $60 for me. 8/10 Story"
,Recommended,447040,29527660,Posted: 27 January,all,Kb6muser🎃,"This game was pretty good, not the best but it can be fun. Spending 19 hours and I've completed the main story and some of the side missions, most of the missions were fun but can be repetitive.Throughout the whole game, I only experenced 2 crashes, gameplay was pretty smooth, no lag.Main Specs:AMD FX - 4300 Quad Core Processor 3.80 GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6GBI'd give this game a 8/10Oh and I haven't really tried the co op stuff, only did some of the hacking people and that's it."
,Recommended,447040,28187883,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,~xMidnightx~,"Pretty good game. At first the controls were a bit weird but in time I got used to them. Over 100 fps, game runs very well and is really smooth. Definite improvement from the first game."
,Recommended,447040,28436243,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TheGunGun,"Over-the-top action hacking game. Ubisoft finally released a game that is not absolutley ridden with bugs at release, as well as gave the storyline and the main character some depth. Fantastic game from Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,28538472,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,naruto,"Its... Fantastic! This is clearly one of the most fun games i ever played, there's always something to do, multiplayer is cool and now you can replay missions!The bad things is that the multiplayer should be more ""competitive"" and you should be able to play mini games like in wd1. It would also be great if they could add some kind of flying vehicle like a helicopter"
76561198354827658,Recommended,447040,32327907,Posted: 10 June,all,KermitTehFroge,"I got watchdogs 1 when it first came out  and it was the first city/modern open world game I ever had. It was fun but there wasnt much customization and besides missions, there wasn't much to do. After i beat it, I hoped for a number 2. When I heard it was coming out i was excited. Ubisoft pretty much fixed everything bad about numer 1.  You can custoimize clothes, like gta and add paint jobs to cars. If they ever make a number three I just hope they add car customization. All in all this game is very fun!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,447040,28310204,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Lukelane7,I have never played Watch_Dogs 1 but whatever was wrong with it it has been redeemed.
,Recommended,447040,29209854,Posted: 12 January,all,Christacean,"Any game that can hold my interest unfailingly for over 30 hours I class as a success. Watch Dogs 2 is a surprisingly fun game from Ubisoft, and... I just can't stop playing. Obviously it has its downsides, but it is a brilliant game regardless.+The world is great. Following the style of GTA, the game world is appropriately sized, with oodles of character and plenty of variety- the crystalline towers of central San Francisco, the massive tech complexes of Silicon Valley, the industrial port of Oakland... and that's not even mentioning the artistic side-alleys of the lower districts of the cities. Every inch is detailed (the attention to detail is such that there are even hi-res, fully-written specials boards in restaurants) and, like Rockstar, they've made the smart decision to recreate the feeling of each area, as opposed to the actual entire area.+The missions are sometimes very inventive. An early mission has you racing a remote-controlled Kitt around SF as Judas Priest play their 80's song 'Turbo Lover' in the background. Awesome. Otherwise, it's more-or-less hacking missions that require you to infiltrate a guarded building and hack something important to take down a major corporation hiding illegal use of personal information. While not always inventive, they are always fun, allowing you to approach them any way you want- you can be a Trevor and go in guns a blazing, or you can sneak through, silently taking down all adversaries, or if neither of those take your fancy, you can hack your way through, using an amusing array of abilities including remote driving and proximity-triggered fusebox explosions.+Customisation is fun. There are clothes shops all over the map that you can visit at any time to buy clothes items. In all there are 7 different shops each with multiple branches across the map, and each one specialises in a different style of clothing. For example, go to Plainstock for blank sweaters and shirts, and Axle Boardshop for flex vests and harem pants. Then there are the various kiosks scattered around landmarks which sell miscellaneous clothing items, such as SF tees.You can even buy your own vehicles at various car dealerships and have them delivered to your position at any time, wiht any paint scheme that you choose.+Great soundtrack. I'm talking about the licensed songs- it barely has its own soundtrack. There's not a great selection, with a choice of rock, slightly angrier rock, rap, world, electro stuff that's all very samey and classic. Within these choices, however, there is a very nice selection, my favourite tracks being 'PUP-Reservoir', 'Kate Boy-Northern Lights' and 'Giorgio Moroder-74 is the new 24'. There's also the cool function to be able to put each song on your phone when you hear it using an in-game app called 'songsneak' so that you can listen to it at any time.+Great shooting and driving. I know a lot of reviews say both are bad, but I say they're very good. The shooting is solid; there's a nice recoil on it, and shots feel precise and packing in punch, while the variety of weapons on offer is nice. You can choose from a large selection of military weapons (shotguns, assault rifles etc.) and customised Dedsec versions. Of course, if you're more of a pacifist, you can melee any enemies or knock them out with your stun gun. The driving is the second best of any game I've played, after GTA V. It feels responsive, yet not too sensitive that it becomes twitchy. They too have found the right balance between arcadey physics and realistic physics.+It has coop that's actually good. Unlike AC: Unity, you can play multiplayer outside of missions, meaning you can play with others and screw up the city together, which is cool. There are, of course, still fun missions you can do together, such as hacking invasions, which require you to find another player hacking your data and neutralise them.+You can buy a sailing boat. What more do I need to say?-Like with most Ubisoft games, it's systematic nature can start to show through after a few hours. The missions are largely similar, and the side activities, though not limited in variety, are limited in realism and quantity. As well, the accruement of funds is accomplished mainly through the collection of money bag collectibles."
,Recommended,447040,28026015,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WxTAN.-,My crippling depression is cured
76561198024524401,Recommended,447040,28151457,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Irrapture,"Great game so far. Multiplayer is pretty much instantaneous to load into. Some minor bugs with Co-op, but nothing game breaking yet. The characters are more exciting than the first game. The world is far more interesting to explore. I like the story better than the originals. The parkour is pretty cool and the drones are fun to use. The game has a whole 80's hack/geek vibe to it as far as DedSec goes and it has a lot of funny moments. You can now take control of any vehicle and use it to scare the crap out of people. But don't you dare run over a doge.8/10 would call the cops on an innocent civilian and watch them get brutally shot to death for being confused for a terrorist again.Oh and you can pet dogs. That bumps the rating to an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,447040,32858644,Posted: 27 June,all,ping wing,"DISCLAIMER: At the time of writing this review I've just finished the game with about 24 hours on record.Yes, Ubisoft managed to turn a game like Watch_Dogs into a huge disappointment, but they really did make up for it with Watch_Dogs 2. I'll explain why;SettingWatch_Dogs 2 takes place in San Francisco, which is a way better choice for a setting of a game than Chicago. The tone of the location in the first game turned out to be very grey and brings you down quickly, even when the sun shone. In the second game, on the other hand, the tone of the setting of the game is very bright and nice.GameplayAs you might know, Watch_Dogs 2 has really good graphics. This does go at cost of performance, but this game looks realistic to the point you're just enjoying the enviroment instead of playing the game. I also like the new freerunning mechanics, whereas in Watch_Dogs 1 movement sometimes seemed a bit annoying. The so called 'Jumper' and quadcopters are also a big improvement. In Watch_Dogs 1 you only had the camera's, which had its limits. The drones however, can go anywhere and the Jumper can even perform some physical hacks.StoryI think Watch_Dogs 1's story was one of its strong points. In Watch_Dogs 2 things only got better. I noticed that I started develloping sympathy for characters. There were two missions which stood out a lot to me and which I thought were really fun.Overall experienceI have a lot of cheaper games on which I have more hours than 24 on record. Even though I only have 24 hours on record, These were one of the best 24 hours I've ever spent. Ubisoft did a great job this time.To make long terms short: these were 24 hours of good fun. By the way, I haven't even tried the multiplayer yet!"
,Recommended,447040,30030893,Posted: 19 February,all,Dr. He,"If GTAV is a redemption about three middle-aged men, then Watch Dogs 2 is a modern TV-show about a group of young hackers trying to f*ck with the power - which lacks depth.I don't know, the devs apparently shaped a beautiful San Francisco, the graphic performance is gorgeous, and they really tried so hard at making a vivid world filled with interesting details. Everything seems so good but after a couple of hours I found the story lacks something that I couldn't tell - depth maybe.Anyways, it's all about personal perference, the flaws can't deny the greatness this game has achieved. Watch Dogs 2 is a very cool and elaborately crafted game, you won't regret your money."
76561198117620944,Not Recommended,447040,29133717,Posted: 8 January,all,WedgeTheory,Story was childish and hypocritical. The main characters wish to 'Tear down Big Brother!' and 'Stick it to the man!' Yet the characters use the same tactics the goverment uses to take down the evil corporations that are opressing them. The characters wish to show the world that the government is spying on them while Dedsec spies on every single person in the city. The game's dialoge made me want to gag on a few occasions due to its insistance to shove rebelion down your throat.The gameplay was fine most of the time and usually very enjoyable. Except for when an enemy sees Marcus through a wall or glitches out during a takedown. Freezing and crashing happened almost every ten hours in gameplay. The stealth aspect of the game is extremely fun and satasfying when it works correctly. Although almost every mission can be completed with Marcus' drones. The remote control car/jumper seems to glitch out fairly often though so I just quit using it.Multiplayer is a hit or miss. There are some fun multiplayer games to play with friends and it's usually pretty smooth. In my experience playing with friends or doing multiplayer in general only cut frames down by 10 or so. Dropping any frames due to multiplayer is dissapointing but seeing as though this is a Ubisoft game I will take what I can get. The miss for multiplayer is cheaters/campers. In the bountyhunter multiplayer game you hunt down other players and attempt to kill them [hence bountyhunter]. That gamemode is usually enjoyable except for when you're assigned to kill a person who hacked/glitched their way inside a building. They're perfectly capable of shooting out while you can't shoot it. Other players go for sitting on top of the golden gate bridge then glitching out the lifts which are the only way up to them. Do not buy this game for the multiplayer.I regret buying this. I got it for $40 during the sale and basically got a glitchy game with a kid's edgy story and some decent stealthy gameplay.
76561198068133903,Recommended,447040,28195404,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Advil,"story better than first, also its a pretty good port. a few bugs but no game breakers (so far for me)."
76561198047505149,Not Recommended,447040,28108490,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Callondor,"I would not recommend this game to anyone, particularly people who have played the original watch dogs.  Although the game has recieved several updates that improve gameplay considerably, the story and the objectives are terrible.  I find myself in complete oppisition of most of the mission goals every time I play it.  Worse yet, they took out all the things about the original watch dogs that I loved.  I loved being a crazy vigilante running through the city stopping criminals that the system ignored.  It was like playing Person of Interest the game.  But watch dogs 2 has none of that.  Your too busy trying to fight against a system that you constantly use.  You complain about how breaching people's privacy is a grave offense and that someone needs to stop them, so you breach a bunch of people's privacy.  Seriously?  I have never been so angry and disappointed in a game in my entire life, and this is coming from someone who bought Assassin's Creed Unity, another Ubisoft disaster."
,Recommended,447040,28107246,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Peenix,"Well for starters, great game overall. Some people say the characters and story are uninteresting, but in my opinion (the characters atleast) are some of the most memorable characters ever. The performance is fine even for me. Im playing on a r9 280x graphics card and a Fx-6300 running the game at very high setting with temperal filtering on. Would recommend this game"
76561198207623956,Recommended,447040,30092468,Posted: 21 February,all,Rachel Night-nightPill,Thank Watch Dogs 2 for realizing my dream of running around the city in pink boxers with poop patterns.
,Recommended,447040,31588373,Posted: 6 May,all,Xero ☠ Static ☠ FluX™,"I am an original Watch Dogs lover, but waiting on getting this because I was afraid UBI would drop the ball as they always do, and I was one of the few who liked Aiden and didnt like the dedsec direction they went in.   I have only played a few hours so far but I can see its the game I loved and more.  All the elements (minus Aiden) are there and some new ones.They addition of multiple save slots is also a giant pile of thank god as it was bull you had to wipe your online scores just to replay the original SP game.  Now you get 3 save slots and it wont effect your online scores.Graphics are great, in fact bette than I expected. On ultra I have smooth play but it does make my liquid cooling system run a bit hotter than I'd like.Driving feels the same.  Not as fun or fluid as GTA5 vehicle mechanics, but driving isnt the games core like in GTA.Once you get used to the controls which at first feel a bit wierd as you need to remember a lot, it starts to become fun and entertaining just messing around.Steep price but if you enjoyed WD 1, you will have some fun here.I have yet to dabble in multiplayer events as I'm still learnign and enjoying the core game, but if it's anything like WD was, I'll fall in love soon enough."
76561198071942896,Recommended,447040,28190977,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,JeTTeR,"Finally, Ubisoft focuses on a release port for PC. Fantastic game so far and way more to hack than the first Watch Dogs.For people that want to buy Watch Dogs 2:Understand, while the port is still fantastic, this game is graphically demanding. It allows for many different options for graphical settings, but overall, it will still be tough to play on a low end machine. Also, the framerate, while not being terrible, still has some fixing to be done. If you are in a primarily rural area, you can turn 360 degrees while standing and stay at 60 fps no problem. This goes for driving as well. Now, while in Dowtown San Fransisco, framerates vary from 40 - 60, sometimes dropping to as low as 30 - 35. Now, once you stop moving, framerates tend to go right back up but this can still take away from the immersion of the game.Overall, Ubisoft did a fantastic job with the port. With some well done patching, this game can easy be one of the best ports for PC from Ubisoft in a long while.8.7 out of 10 (Concerning Port)Playing on:GTX 980 TIFX 8350"
,Recommended,447040,31126759,Posted: 13 April,all,Alice Cooper,"The storyline is fairly exciting enough to keep you going but at the same time, it's worth pointing out to noobs that NO, THIS IS NOT HOW YOU HACK - just in case you were wondering.Thankfully, most people will know that.The open world is nice, as is coming across friends and even random players ingame without warning when the two games connect to each other. You don't realise it until you suddenly see them there, although I think it does notify you. Then there's the occassional theft of data, where another player actively chooses to enter someone elses game and steal their ingame phone data. This is like walking up to another man and ♥♥♥♥♥slapping him in public before♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on him. It's embarrasing and you're not gonna want others thinking you're a ♥♥♥♥♥. Your reputation is at stake more than what your fake data is. Find the little shithouse hiding in a nearby bush and put a bullet in his head - or run away like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. Your choice.Back to the storyline and there's an almost pathetic sense of sanctimony to some of the main cast. Some of the group you're accepted in to quite early on either come across as irritatingly naive and others come across as hideously sanctimoneous edgelords. There's a pick and mix of characters but either way, they can be somewhat insufferable to be around for too long.One lad thinks he's the leader of real-world hacktivists Anonymous, another only has one dismal, dreary voice octave, one is so full of aggression against the system that she essentially instigates it all. Overall, there's that sense of ""what makes YOU think that YOU'RE the one to change everything?"" whenever they suddenly jump into action just because some obscure businessman made an personal investment into an organisation that goes against their own politics. Being a man of peace irl, I'm kind of hesitant to follow through on these missions because no real crime or violation has been commited. You're just pandering to a bunch people who're essentially just stupid kids who've been left alone with their brains for too long in a darkened room with nothing but social media and news sources to keep them going.But if you're politically minded and like the whole ""♥♥♥♥ the system"" ""wake up sheeple"" thing then yeah, go for it.I don't even follow the story line, I just sit there on the side of the road playing with street bollards, seeing how many cars I can flip if I time it right."
,Recommended,447040,34468171,Posted: 24 August,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,"Watch Dogs 2 is about what you would expect in a sequel, as it reworks what didn’t click the first time around and expands upon what did. The game’s protagonist and accompanying cast of characters are fun to watch, and the hacking mechanics are better than ever. The overall story is OK, but nothing special despite its best efforts. Even so, those looking for an open-world experience mixed with fantastic hacking mechanics likely won’t be disappointed with what Watch Dogs 2 has to offer.7.7/10"
,Recommended,447040,35059001,Posted: 18 September,all,STUART,"Watch Dogs 2 is one of those games that you will either enjoy or hate for the name, In my case it was enjoy.Pros:Optimization was really well done.Aiden Pearce Easter Egg Cameo.Made Hacking fun.Characters are fun to play.The City looks really good.Missions feel a lot more mix, not all are A B C missions.Some of the side missions are really interesting.Cons:Online gets boring after the first hour or two.The missions sometimes have that A B C objectives which can be boring and annoying.Car Driving in this game is not the greatest.Gunplay and Customization is meh at best.A.I is really dumb, you have time to run by right infront of them.8/10Watch Dogs 2 is not for everyone, but I really did enjoy playing it and even doing the side missions and some collectables."
,Recommended,447040,30298992,Posted: 3 March,all,Sgt. Bones,"This is a hard game to review. I wish there was a neutral option, but as there isn't, I'm going to lean in the direction of recommending it.Pros:-The gameplay is a lot of fun, especially missions with the quadcopter and the jumper. I feel like you have a lot more options for playing sneaky and stealthy than in the first game (and I'm one of those people who actually liked the first game, despite recognising it's flaws).-The city is beautiful and alive. There have been countless occasions when I've been completely distracted by a mission, and ended up wandering down streets, taking in the sights.Cons:-The AI is a bit weak. One of the first things I saw in the game was a police car driving into a civilian's car as it turned at a junction. They sat and stared at each other for a few minutes, then the civilian got out of his car, walked ten feet away, and stood motionless, staring at his vehicle. After a few minutes, he got back in his car, where he immediately reacted to the collision again as if it had just happened, and got back out. This repeated over and over until a bus came along and just smashed through the whole mess, which brought ambulances to the scene which then crashed into the injured people. Good start, huh?It's also a bit amusing how quickly enemies can go back to being calm after seeing a drone/jumper hovering around. I suppose it wouldn't be as fun if the were overly vigilant, but sometimes it feels a bit easy to get past guards with stealth. But, perhaps this will change as I get further towards the end of the game.-The performance is not the best. It's nowhere near as bad as it was reported on launch, but I have a pretty decent set up that surpasses the recommended specs, and I just can't get this game to run as good as it should. I've probably spent more time tinkering with settings, and browsing forums on the matter, than I have actually playing, and that really breaks the immersion (and is probably why I haven't finished yet).Driving, in particular, is the biggest issue for me. I've tried changing so many settings, but the only thing that has made driving bearable on my system is to completely turn off anti-aliasing. It doesn't look too bad in screenshots due to my resolution but the jagged edges are driving me nuts while playing, and everything is moving. It's a real shame to play such a pretty environment like this. I'm still tinkering with having anti-aliasing controlled by Nvidia control panel rather than the game itself, but so far I can't get it to look pretty without having driving feel like a laggy mess.So yeah, it's not a bad game by any means, and I am enjoying playing it. I just think it has a few potential issues that people should take into account when buying. It you get it on sale, then it's a much better deal!"
,Not Recommended,447040,29097175,Posted: 7 January,all,PIE,"I would love this game if it was properly optimised, smh.I would like some support with the fact that even on my decent-spec'd PC, I get unplayable levels of lag when driving, despite the fact that I can play the game on-foot on V. High settings without any lag at all.It's utterly unacceptable from a company as well-funded and popular as Ubisoft to allow a game to be released in such a ridiculous condition, and without any real support.If anyone knows a fix then please let me know.(And for those saying it's a RAM issue due to me only having 8gb; the game RECOMMENDS that much RAM.)"
76561198068942683,Recommended,447040,30650127,Posted: 21 March,all,Paul,"So Watch Dogs 2...To begin with, just from the perspective of non-gamer the game seemes to be a lot of fun, but for someone who plays games and played the previous game, this is a serious step forward for the series.As a sequel to Watch Dogs, released in 2014, this is a great improvement, the story, characters, location, gameplay, all have been improved, this game is just fun to play, it is way better than the first game, this is what Watch Dogs should've been.The fun is that you can approach any mission in total stealth, without fireing a single bullet, I had only an Assault Rifle equiped the hole game and the Stun Gun, and used them few times, and mostly would use the Stun Gun, and few explsives that I used as distracion or simply to blow up things .Also the RC and the drone are a huge help, especially when planning to infiltrate without triggering an alarm, to map and plan, sometimes you don't even have to get yourself there, you just send the drone and then send the RC while you stay cozy hidden in your car or around a corner, the gameplay felt really good to me, stealth was my main focus, the whole game, and it feels better than just going guns blazing.The story, it seemed good to me, the main quests. where you as a member of the hacker group DedSec has to find evidence to take down Blume, while running around to hack into all the big companies in Silicon Valley, the game's version of Google, Facebook and Space X, felt awesome, gaining that knowledge that these companies feed Blume without the public consent. The game has also very intresting side activities, for example, the app Driver San Francisco a.k.a Uber, which as you know will require you to pick up other people who use the same app, from certain locations and take them to their wanted destination, those are quite a nice distraction from the usual hacker-kinda-stuff you do. There is also, Scout X, is an app that will take you across San Francisco, to take selfies with its many attractions, from landmarks to unique individuals that populate the city.And side quests, which tell more about the world of Watch Dogs 2 , the city and its people, that are abused by the CTOS.All of the above and the protaginist, Marcus Holloway, and the whole team behind the hacker group DedSec, feels realistic, believable, with a strong motvation to take down Blume. also the antagonist, that is the CTO of Blume, Dušan Nemec, yes he could've been better, but he still seemes like a good, villan figure. Finding certain ways to mask his actions, while abusing of the information he has access to.Then there are still the Co-op missions that you can play with a friend or a total stranger, and it is good either way, or you can play alone, but it is better if you combine forces with another hacker like yourself and you'll have a blast taking down those between you and your objective. You can also hack another player world, and be hacked as well, but if you don't like it, you can change those in the settings.Overall this game is a solid release from Ubisoft, and it is what I wanted it to be, Watch Dogs 2 is a good game, it is a good port, that on PC looks and feels just great."
,Recommended,447040,33706896,Posted: 21 July,all,Findranna,"After having played the 3 Saints Row games on Steam, I assumed it would hit me the same way those games did - fun to play, decent replayability, and characters I'd love for a few months and then move on.What ended up happening was me falling in love with this entire world, and never wanting it to end.--I played the first game, and hated it. 24 hours gone, and my progress was reset upon realization you couldn't have multiple saves (Thank god they fixed that in the second game.) The driving in the first one felt like a kid driving on ice, overcorrecting and sliding everywhere. The second game not only fixes that, but makes driving more fun than I've had in any of the other games I've played like it. In the Saints Row games and also in WD1, I didn't feel like I was a PART of the city, especially in 4, but in WD2 Marcus is a part of the city as much as it's a part of Marcus. I felt the need to follow traffic signals and keep from violating laws (because the cops in this game are the WORST to get rid of)On the San Francisco v. Chicago / 1 v. 2 thing, I live (and have lived for my whole life so far) about 1 1/2 hours from Chicago, and I can say with 100% certainty it is so much more alive and fun in real life than it was made out to be in the first game. I'm sure that had something to do with Aiden's brooding character, and how he was always out for revenge - but the city felt so flat. Nothing felt personal, I didn't care if I broke laws while driving or if I ran over people or anything. It felt like I wasn't THERE, I wasn't a part of it.[I've never been to San Francisco, but I intend to go specifically because of this game] I absolutely LOVE how alive San Francisco feels in this game. I love how people react to you, and how the npcs actually have personalities. I love how different areas are really defined, and having the different land marks you can visit (I dont remember if that was in the first one, to be honest.) Again, I felt like I had to obey traffic laws, right down to stopping at red lights.I think this game is MUCH better than the first one, and that people curious about it shouldn't be discouraged by the first game."
76561198028944984,Recommended,447040,28189446,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,logansingh,Amazingly beautiful game.One of the best open world game from Ubisoft.MUST PLAY
76561198031353959,Not Recommended,447040,28498777,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DocDot,"Before I begin this review, let me give you my specs:-Nvidia 1070 Founders Edition 8GB VRAM-AMD FX 8350 8 Core Processor @ 4GHz-8GB System RAM-WIndows 8.1I was enjoying the game untill I got to the driving, then severe frame drops while driving and for 5 min afterward. Turned off shadow HTFS and PCSS, still same issue. Needs fixing"
,Recommended,447040,34906852,Posted: 12 September,all,stray pube,Watch Dogs 1: NoWatch Dogs 2: YesThat's all you need to know.
,Recommended,447040,28080301,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,APENOX | BUSY AS SHIT,"untill now, its nice af"
76561198039723688,Recommended,447040,30740467,Posted: 25 March,all,I'm Probably Batman,"If you really want to compare this next to GTA V, it's going to get it's lunch money taken all the way to Grad School in terms of story, gameplay, longevity, and multiplayer. It can keep a few cents in it's pocket for a snack though, because the graphics are stunning, and the world is much more alive than GTA's. You can enjoy it as a marvelous open world free roam that was able to learn what was going wrong with the franchise and give it another shot, which not a lot of studios pull off effectively, therefore have my thumbs up."
,Recommended,447040,29735436,Posted: 5 February,all,xєn,Great game. Good representation of the Bay Area.More lively protagonist and great idea.
,Recommended,447040,28246637,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DubbleChrisP,"The game takes the ridiculous concept of the first one and adds onto it with ridiculous characters instead of the wooden, gravely voiced video-game-man of Watch Dogs 1. This is a good thing."
,Recommended,447040,29637154,Posted: 1 February,all,Apple,Fun game to play with a friend but the multiplayer is a little lacking and there isn't much you can do with a friend. Also you can only co-op with one other friend.
76561198138808038,Recommended,447040,32941679,Posted: 28 June,all,TerPepsi,"Watch Dogs 2 is my game of last year. I know this probably won't be what most people think, but I'll try to explain myself the best I can.Watch Dogs 2's story is not its strong suit. The story is OK, but sometimes cringey, though at times funny.The rest is.Watch dogs 2 is a true masterpiece and is a huge improvement on everything in watch dogs 1.Vehicles: Driving is fixed. Driving is much better in this game. The only downside to vehicles is that they still lack air vehicles- but the game makes up for it in all of its other areas.Guns: Gunplay could be improved to match something like GTA, but is much better than many games I've seen.Stealth: The stealth mechanics sort of suck, and are pretty unrealistic at times. But, in this game, NPC's need to call the police and reinforcements which makes it sort of more realistic in that sense. The detection is weird, if an NPC sees you even if you tase then within 1 second the entire base will be alerted of your location.Life: This one's big because no game I've ever played accomplishes this in such a nice way. Thanks to the emotes system, you can interact with all of the civilians in a living, breathing city- one in which NPC's commit crimes in front of you, get into fights, insult each other, meet friends on the street, park, commit drivebys, and much more (and none of these events are scripted- you can encounter any at a random time). You can flirt with someone's girlfriend, only to find her boyfriend♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then get into a fistfight. Or, you could wait for someone to call the police on him and he will be arrested. Or, you can call the police on him himself! The posibilities are endless and this is a major contributor to an open-world sandbox that has given me hours of fun.Multiplayer: This one is huge, too. The multplayer in this game is seamless (you will seamlessly be connected to other players' games). I'm not going to explain the multiplayer gamemodes in-depth, but basically hacking invasions from Watch Dogs 1 are back, online races have been added, the simple Capture the Flag and deathmatch gamemode is back, bounty hunter missions are on (once you have 3 stars there's a high chance players in your area will be connected to your game seamlessly), and online co-op missions and sidemissions (Which there are plenty of; not just the randomly generated ones, but also random events that appear online). The multiplayer in this game is incredible, and they're still adding stuff to it. Soon, the game will go from 2 player to 4 player!!!Hacking: The hacking in this game is far improved from the first, with far more options. Personal favorites of mine include the ones which you can use on NPC's in the world (explode their phones, send a gang hitman after them, have them arrested by the police) and the vehicle hacking. All cars and boats and even police helicopters can be hacked! There's obviously much more to the hacking than this, but in short, the hacking is great.Map: The map is reasonably sized, with four cities and countryside in between. It's not as big as GTA's though it feels that way. The game map is extremely accurate to the real-life bay area, with all sorts of tourist locations that are present in real-life.To conclude, watch dogs 2 is a great game. I'd give it a 9.5/10. I missed so much in this review, because there is so much more to cover that I don't have time or space for. In short, the game is truly incredible, and is great for any GTA fan, or anyone looking for a fun open-world experience."
,Recommended,447040,28102687,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bamanboi,"TLDR; It's like Watch Dogs 1, but way betterOk so first off, I did not like Watch Dogs 1, I think it was pure trash but the concept was nice. Watch Dogs 2 on the other hand takes what they tried to do with the first one and improves on it a lot, but there are still some issues. Here's how I feel so far, this may change after I've progressed further into the game.Played with (GTX 1070, i5 6600k, 16gb RAM)PROS:-The opening mission and the cutscenes following it are fantastic-Optimization is decent, I have 60+ fps on a mix of high and very high settings.-Graphics look great, the exact same as the first E3 showcase-Stealth gameplay has been improved-Story so far is surprisingly well-written and is filled with satire, the comedy style is very similar to GTA V but with more focus on tech and other nerdy things like corny 80s action films. Main characters can be a blend of funny and cringe-worthy, but I kinda do expect a bunch of social outcast hackers to be cringe-worthy at times.-The game seems to be FILLED with unique side missions with their own little stories-San Francisco looks fantastic and the game world is way more alive this time, people walking their dogs, random deer on the outskirts of the city, hacking into random phone conversations and listening to strange and interesting little stories, people being stopped by police, more world interaction in general.-Fair amount of good music on the radio (Danny Brown, Run The Jewels, M|O|O|N, Aphex Twin etc)-Hacking is improved LOADS from the first one, with way more opportunities.-Parkour system is improved-Gunplay is also improved from the first oneCONS:-Even though it is improved, the gunplay is still quite mediocre (especially compared to games like GTA V)-Movement can feel a bit wonky at times (Some have compared the character movement to the handling of a shopping cart, which is kind of accurate, but it's not THAT bad)-Driving is still god awful for the majority of vehicles-Enemy AI can be pretty stupid at times-Occasional FPS dropsAtm I'm feeling a light8/10"
,Recommended,447040,28152819,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Düstiñ_ds3000 In Korea,"Awesome game, PC version runs well to!! This is a vast improvement over the first game, the writing is much better, the online aspects are improved and the new gadgets and such are great to. Pick this up asap, this is the game Watch Dogs 1 should have been. Oh yeah and the game world is wonderful, makes me want to visit San Fran."
,Recommended,447040,28118781,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jegg,"Runs really smoothly with good graphics and a good game with missions or free roam, if you fancy it."
76561198139045516,Recommended,447040,28540587,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,VulkanskAske,"Used hack on police car to run into a man beside itPolice car moved forwards and the man duckedPolice car vanished and a dog flew out of it, only to land at my feetThen the man started walking with the dog as if nothing happened2016 GOTY material"
,Recommended,447040,28206757,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gluekek,"great load times, great graphics, great atmosphere, ai with cool realistic interactions, meh story, this game got it all. there aren't that much to do except for coop missions after you're done with the single player ops and they're kinda the same thing everytime: break in destroy this, break in download this, break in free this guy and it get's boring after the first three so you kindof have to make your own fun in this game after the single player unless you want to replay it all and worst of all in my opinion is that there is a cap for the leveling after that you get zero skill points and when you've gotten them all from leveling you won't even have unlocked all the skills which means that followers after that cap goes out to an empty void and are completly pointless. I hope that they make a patch in which we finally get a new purpose to do more missions and to get more followers(without it being a DLC). except for the endgame this is a really good example on how to do a AAA game and in my opinion Ubisoft has really nailed what they originally went for (hackingwise) but at the same time not(less serious of a story), for that I give this game a 8/10 and it isn't a must buy but it's a great experience and I do recommend it if you play games like GTA V and liked the first watch dogs or just the promises it gave."
,Recommended,447040,28199112,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,๖ۣۜ𝒮𝒽𝒶𝓎𝓃𝒶~,"This is a great game unlike the first watchdogs, there is so much story to this game not only in the main story but the side stories too, and notice how I don't say side mission but story because the side ""missions"" are very long and have a lot of story to them, this game can last a very long time story wise and the quality of the story is great, it's humerous interesting immersive and fun to play. I also love the whole hacktivist anonymous style of dedsec in this game combined with humor and charisma it's a really great change from the serious vibe the original Watchdogs gives off.They've also refurbished some of the mechanics like the phone for example, they've added a multitude of option apps you can download within the game and they've made the main apps a lot better, like for example the maps app is actually a google maps parody (nudle maps) and it gives off a google maps theme and that makes the game althemore realistic, it also included the parody companies in the lore so it's not just a easter egg it actually has a meaning, kind of like how GTA treated ""Life invader"" and made it part of the story and not just a brand parody.Oh and the music, the music in this game is absolutely amazing they've really done a good job.I recomend this game for a lot of reasons, if I've stated all of them it would take a long time.But there still are some cons, like for example the fact that this is a game about hacking and they incluced a anti cheat engine in singleplayer, that's a bit scummy in my opinion but I can live with it.Also it can sometimes get frustrating when you automatically get put in an online lobby without even knowing it and suddenly there is someone coming out of nowhere trying to hack you or sniping you out of nowhere and it can be a pain to keep leaving the online lobbies all the time.Appart from that I highly recomend this game for the people who can afford it."
76561197981347911,Not Recommended,447040,30272308,Posted: 1 March,all,BigRed Muvila,"id love to give a positive review but cant 7 hrs and im unable to play it anymore.bought the game on steam, downloaded and started 7 hrs of not to bad but bed time pulled me off.next day go to play but no it seems ubishit has put my game onto some random account on Uplay and i dont have access to it, (which means at one point i was logged into someone elses account for 7hrs of play). ubifaili am told this is a bug happens from time to time and nothing can be done i must re buy the game and more or less hope it gos to the right account on Uplay.... ARE YOU BLOODY KIDDING i contact steam easy fix ill get a refund then buy it again, nope no refund because i got 7 hrs for my 80bux.so F you ubisoft and F you steam i wont buy another ubisoft game or buy from steam HUMBLE BUNDLE HERE I COME. steam keys for 5 bux so ill take the 50% price reduce and feel good to know im cutting you out of money i work hard for and still be able to take up data storing on your site.."
,Not Recommended,447040,29265673,Posted: 14 January,all,dgrawns,"If you've come from Watch Dogs 1, it is most definentely a step up. In some ways. I'm going to start off with characters. I don't like a single one of them. Ubisoft really tried too hard to be 'hip' in this game because their characters all are stereotypes of a certain group of people. It's already off to a bad start when you hate the protagonist. Also, the story is extremely boring. Maybe I'm posting this review too early but, I really am not compelled. Either way if you're just in it for a fun hacker world, it's a good game, but if you're like me and want a story to go along with this world, I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,447040,28321998,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,FluffyEmpire,"Amazing story, few game crashes, so much better than the first.After playing this game for almost 24 hours, I have to say, even though I have completed the main storyline, I still have enough side missions to last me another 24. After Watch_Dogs being a disappointment, this game was a♥♥♥♥♥kicker, in a good way. They really improved themselves from Watch_Dogs to Watch_Dogs 2. I had about 5-6 game crashes and 1 part in the story that wouldn't allow me to move, those two things were the only bad parts, in my opinion, about this game.9/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,28100279,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Varaosa,"ENG:In many part of the enhanced area of the game, which also offers new things to do and gameplay.General level, the game is a spectacular game but, in-depth viewing this game there are many things that is not in my mind, and unfortunately, many of the details will spoil my game experience.In fact, I personally more from the previous part of the game and even just until the release of Mafia Game 3 despite even though these games have had their own problems.In fact, the fastener this point a lot of the game to detail on the basis of self-criticism this game, my taste and my views with regard to.In this post my point and the things that I like and I do not like in this video game:Good things:-The general game graphics & details-Improved game a performance-General game world-Game story and game plot is good-New ways to play the game as well as proceed within the tasks.-No need to be a multiplayer mode to play single playerThe bad things:-Requires Uplay to play the game-It is not worth a full price game-Game characters are not interesting-Very much like the bland black and too colorful color the world on display.-Visual clips of the game vector graphics and logos. (There are perhaps part of the theme of the game but, do not look nice)-The game supports or is part of the rainbow and transgentre sexuals (I unfortunately do not like this and to represent or support.)-The most racist video game I've ever played, because racism is reflected in the game or is part of a symbolic content.General From level the game is successful, but to many, bringing heartburn certain target groups of people, so the game is not suitable for everyone. If these do not pay attention to the game is quite good and playable, without that, those things interfere with but, more sensitive individuals such as myself, these appear to the eye badly.So the game may like or not, both the view of the game is perfectly acceptable and at this point I put myself tolerable negative review.FIN:Monelta osa alueelta parannettu peli, joka myöskin tarjoaa uutta tekemistä ja pelattavaa.Yleistasolla peli on upea peli mutta, syvällisessä katselussa pelissä on lukuisia asioita, jotka ei ole mieleeni ja valitettavasti monet yksityiskohdat pilaavat minun pelikokemukseni.Itse pidän henkilökohtaisesti enemmän edellisestä peliosasta ja jopa ihan vasta julkaisusta Mafia 3 pelistä siitä huolimatta vaikka näissä peleissä on ollut omia ongelmia.Itse kiinnitin tässä kohtaa paljonkin pelin yksityiskohtiin, jonka perusteella itse arvostelen tämän pelin, oman makuni ja näkemykseni osalta.Tässä omat pointtini ja asiat, joista pidän ja en pidä tässä videopelissä:Hyvät asiat:-Yleinen pelikraffiikka yksityiskohtineen-Pelin yleinen suorituskyky-Peli maailma-Pelin tarina ja pelin juoni on hyvä-Uusia tapoja pelata peliä sekä edetä pelissä-Ei tarvitse olla moninpeli tilassa pelatakseen yksin peliä.Huono asiat:-Tarvitsee Uplay:n pelatakseen peliä.-Ei ole täyden hintansa arvoinen peli-Pelin hahmot eivät ole mielenkiintoisia-Hyvin paljon mautonta mustaa ja liian värikästä värimaailmaa esillä.-Pelin visuaalinen vektorigrafiikka leikkeet sekä logot grafiikat. (Ovat ehkä osa peliteemaa mutta, eivät näytä kivoilta)-Peli tukee tai on osa sateenkaari ja transgentre seksualismia (itse en valitettavasti pidä tästä ja edusta tai tue.)-Kaikkein rasistisin videopeli, jota olen koskaan pelannut, koska rasismi näkyy pelissä tai on osa symbolista sisältöä.Yleistasolta peli on onnistunut monelta kohtaan mutta, saatta närästyttää tiettyjä ihmis kohderyhmiä, joten peli ei sovellu kaikille. Jos näihin ei kiinnitä huomiota peli on varsin hyvä ja pelattava, ilman että, kyseiset asiat häiritsee mutta, herkemmille henkilöille kuten itselleni nämä näkyvät pahasti silmään.Pelistä siis voi tykätä tai ei, kumpikin näkemys pelistä on täysin hyväksyttäviä ja tässä kohtaan itse laitoin hyväksyttävän negatiivisen arvostelun."
,Recommended,447040,28023037,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lucasif The Odd,So far it's pretty good. Framerate is generally consistent and the options menu is filled with stuff. The gameplay is sweet and the potential for combinations of things makes this game almost like a sort of play your own way but in a massive open world.
76561198119912174,Recommended,447040,29488102,Posted: 25 January,all,SentinelTi,"Well, at first I was sceptical, having played through the first one like 3x. It took me a while to get used to it, but in only 8 hours, the pure awesomeness of the game and its missions got me hooked. It is beautiful, driving is excellent, music is too good not to listen to, fun and quite complex with its hacking logic games, just wow. Ubi outdone itself, a real gem to own. Definitely 10/10."
,Recommended,447040,34626214,Posted: 30 August,all,Jossettaja hellcase.com,"Wow this game is just something. Now i know that this game propably still isn't the experience that Ubisoft promised us in the first game but it is still very special and likeable, but now enough of the smalltalk and into the review. So when i first saw this game i had no interest in it because i thought it would just be the same old watch dogs, but to my surprise it wasn't. after watching hours of different youtubers playing this game i just had to get it. The story is great and so are the main characters theyre very rememberable to me, but i can't say the same about the villains heck i can't even remember the main bad guys name. The hacking in this game was really fun to me and well polished and the multiplayer is also very good and fun i mean one moment you could be riding around and the same second someone could start hacking your data it's really great not to meantion that the game is really beautiful. Overall a really great game i would recommend it."
,Recommended,447040,28080470,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jack Baker,"Watch Dogs 1 was a dreary, glitchy mess with a severe lack of polish and mediocre gameplay. I'm happy to say the sequel is a much, much better game, in fact one of the most improved sequels I've ever played. The stealth, the driving, and the story have been improved tremendously and the world is much more fun to roam around in with the new hacking features. You can do stuff like send cars careening off the road, make people's phones electrocute them, lure people to a generator before blowing it up, or call in gang hit squads on random passerby. Much better than the ""press q to hack"" gameplay of the first. The missions are very good and allow for lots of freedom, every approach is viable. You can even complete some missions without ever entering the mission area, by sending in your drones to do the work! There are some flaws such as weird and buggy movement as well as poor gunplay, but as someone who didn't like Watch Dogs 1 very much I can recommend the sequel."
,Recommended,447040,30114489,Posted: 22 February,all,HIXIZ,"This game is awsome, really well made and loved the characters <3keep up the good work"
,Recommended,447040,28300416,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SHMEATBOY,"I got this game with knowing little of the back story regarding I only played it a couple times, but this game... man this game took whatever I knew from the last game, made it bada** and 24.56x better. This game has one of the coolest story and it is written and played out perfectly, I played over 40 hours in the first week and I finished the whole main mission in that time with hours of co-op.  I can not describe how great the graphics are and how awesome it is to play - If you are debating on getting this game, think no longer... get itMy only advice is to use a controler, and try to stealth, not all missions are good for full out combat.100/10"
,Recommended,447040,28032937,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,stev,"I was one of the few people that liked the original Watch_Dogs. This game how ever is so much better in graphics, gameplay and performance. Be sure to install the new nvidia driver for max performance.Improvements over the original:+ You can hack much more things you couldn't hack in the first game.+ The game has many graphical settings which the original lacked.+ The map is much better, and bigger but there is also a lot more water in it.+ NPC AI's are very good and they are much more alive than the NPC's in the original Watch_Dogs or GTA V.+ There's a lot more music than the original which had a very low amount of songs.+ The jumper + drone give the gameplay a lot more variation to missions.+ You play the missions how you want it (stealth, gun play or jumper + drone)- The amount of guns you can hold is 3 which is less than the first game, but it makes sense because it's a stealth game.- When you kill a dog owner the dog will lay next to him and will look very sad :("
,Recommended,447040,30747685,Posted: 26 March,all,Tom.bat,"Overall Watch_Dogs 2 is a great game, the missions are great fun and the story is quite interesting. Only bad thing is that you can complete this game in less than 24 hours which I think isn't really that long for a game that costs £45."
,Recommended,447040,28301281,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Flüff deWolf,"Lots of my friends did not have hope for Watch_Dogs 2, because of the mostly negative response to the first one, and Ubisoft's track record for ♥♥♥♥ed up sequels. I didn't lose hope for WD2, and boy am I glad I didn't.Watch Dogs 1 was a good game concept in the wrong place and the wrong time for Ubisoft, I for one somewhat enjoyed the first. Mostly becasue of all the fun, game-breaking bugs I could find while exploring the claustrophobic feel of the dull, every-damn-shade-of-brown-and-grey-Chicago. Aiden Pearce was the cliche avenger of... well... his niece... and he was as dull and uninteresting as a ♥♥♥♥ing rock, but some of the other side characters like Clara and T-bone where more likeable.When I first got into Watch Dogs 2 I expected the ♥♥♥♥ing world. It may not be GTA V level sandbox but it was pretty damn fun to screw around with innocent civs' cars and bank accounts. It definitely feels more colorful, alive, and the NPC's aren't as predictable as the ""Run away and call 911"" of the first game. Now for the characters;I love themI love every ♥♥♥♥ing one of themMarcus Halloway is infinitely more interesting than the mindless pshycopath Aiden. And his crew is just as great as he is, all the characters really do feel like they are a family, working together towards their common goal.And for the villians.LENNI IS A NO GOOD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT GOES AS ONE OF MY MOST HATED VILLANS IN A GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. THEY ARE A NO GOOD TRYHARD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT THINKS THEY NO EVERYTHING.Dusan Nemec is an okay villian, but WD2 had a hell of a lot more variety than just Damien.And now, for one of my only complaints I can think of while writing this review, I felt as if having all of the story play out in quests instead of a set storyline is kind of a turn off for me. But this factor does serve some replay value as I wait for the T-bone DLC coming on...oh noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh noooooooooooooooooooooJANUARY 24TH FOR PC? WHAT THE HELL???"
76561198038896729,Recommended,447040,30750385,Posted: 26 March,all,Mirilion,"Good game. It has several mechanics that were very fresh and enjoyable, and a unique style. I loved that there's an actual sandbox element here, you can complete missions in many ways, using stealth, gadgets, guns and/or the environment. Who knew remote controlling forklifts could be so satisfying?Despite the politics of the characters I decided to give it a chance, and, politics aside, this is a very fun and well-crafted game.We really need a spider tank standalone, by the way."
,Recommended,447040,34883092,Posted: 11 September,all,Reynolds,"This game is MIND BLOWING!!! As u can see the hours i spent on this game, WD2 is definitely better than WD1:).Huge and detailed map, beautiful AI, cool cars...LOVE IT!!"
76561198129747659,Recommended,447040,28022551,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,B-B-B-BAKA!!!|Tame Impala,great game fps was a bit choppy at first then installed the new drivers still not the smoothest but way better than before i can tell you its not another dishonerd 2
,Recommended,447040,28083295,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,They hacked my heart
,Recommended,447040,28269260,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,epik,"""Watch Dogs 2 removed itself from the mediocre empathic storytelling and embraces a more anarchic humour with its own identity, truly a spectacular game to play before the end of 2016""-epik""I like how people are having a fit for quoting myself"" -epik"
,Not Recommended,447040,28677595,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ZephyrStormProject,"Not optomized. The listed Min Specs is a complete and total lie.     Maybe the game is good, but i can't even play it at a reasonable FPS and my system beats min spec."
,Recommended,447040,28048208,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lemons,"So far, the game is great and fun. The optimization is on point and the game looks stunning aswell!Oh, the soundtrack for this game is...man its GOOD. I would recommend cause its a good port and Ubisoft did something great for once. lol"
,Recommended,447040,29600743,Posted: 31 January,all,1stibangthedrumthnibangurmum,The gameplay of Watch Dogs 2 is too good and better vehicle control than Watch Dogs 1 but Watch Dogs 1 story is better than Watch Dogs 2 after T-bone enter  the story will become at its level in Watch Dogs 2.
,Recommended,447040,28762736,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,XenoFoX,"Stunning graphics, hardcore multiplayer missions, great fun all around.Watch_Dogs 2... yes it isn't perfect, it's damn hard to run, apparently... (not for me lol) but it's worth it anyday.TIME FOR PROS AND CONS Yaaaaaaaaaaaaa....yyyy.y.....Pros:+Really good graphics, waw yoobi soft ya rly did it this time ey.+Very decent multiplayer.+Easy and hard missions.+Awesome map, I love SF and how it fits the theme of parkour on rooftops and hacking things all over the place.+Pretty easy controls and fast to learn how to use them.+Enjoyable gameplay.+Open-World is actually huge.+Parkour is really good in WD2 compared to the first one, really awesome and fun gameplay.+Lots of clothing options and unlockables.+Cleverly linked both games in certain ways, there are some cars which are in WD1 that are being used in WD2, so are there some characters like T-Bone and also a few sounds too. It's smart because it shows how it's all in the same era. Not just a whole different game.Cons:-Apparently people are having issues with constant crashing, it will be fixed soon.(I on the other hand have not had one crash yet.)-Cars were buggy/stuttery when driving uphill, I think that has stopped now, but it still sucked.-Driving feels very slow.-Would like to see a custom music station like there is in GTA V to also be in WD2, that would make my day.-Parkour is also a little bit glitchy sometimes.Like I said, it's not perfect, but it's a hell'otta fun to play. Also, performance isn't that great even on high end GPU's, a GTX 1080 can't run this game at 1080p maxed settings above 60fps, usually aropund 20's in parts of the cities just standing and looking around which is shameful. But if your system can run it at 60fps on medium settings, or even low, I highly recommend this game, I'm running it 50-60fps (idk if its going higher, I use vsync) on msi R9 390 at 1100MHz with stock i5 6600k at 3.6GHz with 16GB RAm at 2400MHz and nearly all ultra settings, (tweaked for best performance.)"
,Recommended,447040,28036853,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Combi,"Just one word, AWESOME!Really good story and many cringy moments.My first hack was on a guys mobile phone:-i love doing b*wjobs.-what?-i really like this.-okay?WTF?! :DHackerfriends will love this game! (:"
,Recommended,447040,33220264,Posted: 4 July,all,rtukkers,"Just my short review. I like this game so far :).I like the varied way one can approach missions. Some mechanics are a bit spoilery so I will spoiler them:You can:- hack various objects- stealth knock out persons-send in gangs-send in police- go in there by person- go in there using your gadgets (Drone or Jumper)- use a variety of the above- disable devices- turn off electricty- ... more things I forgot about ...Like, I finished a mission as follows (spoilers! ahead):- Goal: blow upelection machines-sent two gangs to the building- in the ensuing chaos I went in using myDroneand music started playing, which was a pleasant surprise :D.Various activities:- Checkpoint ""races"" (drones, motorcycles)- SailboatPros:- Varied world- I like the story so far, though it is a lot less serious, most of the time- After the initial load time, it loads quite nicely when fast traveling across the map, on a 7200RPM hard drive- I like how you can play with the world, by hacking certain objects/people.Cons:- Missions can become a bit tedious (but that may be because of my playtime the last two weeks).- Animations cannot be canceled afaik; sometimes Marcus takes his time knocking out people while being shot at; in those cases it would be nice to cancel animations.- Sometimes the icons on the map can become a bit overwhelming: ""oh, research point there.. Oh wait, there is money on the way as well, and a paint job, and a side activity I want to do""- Some side activities feel a bit like filler (""Pick up dude/dudette/attack helicopter and deliver him/her/it to a certain place""). No dialog as well in those activities, may skip them in the future.Performance:I am using a mid-range build: i5 4590, 16GB, GTX970, 1080p, temporal filtering on, fov 90- Initial load time is a tad long (from clicking play until I can start is 30 seconds to 1 minute- FPS are around 50-70 fps, Saw some drops to 45ish but it feels good enough for me- In game load times are quite nice. I can fast travel to the other side of the world in like 3-5 seconds- Interiors do not require loading/are seemless- 2 crashes in 37 hours so far (video driver ""stopped responding""), in short succesion. Reboot of the system fixed it.Fun so far. Not sure if I will replay this, but the time I got out of it so far justifies the purchase for me :). I think I have about 5 hours left before I finish everything I want to do."
76561197970360389,Recommended,447040,28030060,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vexlar,"Well...Damn, 1st game this year to be released Bug free And! optimised.... and by Ubisoft?This is how you launch a PC game, Bethesda and others take note.Oh as for the game, it's like Watchdogs 1 but with more stuff going on.... so far so good."
,Recommended,447040,34253007,Posted: 15 August,all,Sauce Kaiser,"Pros-Gorgeous open world thats beautifully crafted, and personally, I think is more fleshed out and dynamic than GTAV (my most played game on steam by far)The story is iffy to some, and great to others, there is a high level of political ideology in this game so chances are, it will click with some and turn others completely off.An insane amount of things to do the fun doesnt really end with this title.Cons-However the CPU usage is ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting. Truly awful. 99% utilization on an overclocked i7 4790k? ooooookayyyyy... even with geometry on high. This game truly suffers from its optimization most of all.Overall a very worthy title, if you have a pretty strong machine."
76561197984111566,Recommended,447040,28202138,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,NicK,"Ok so after 40 hours and not even halfway through the game this is what Watch_Dogs should have been, no downgrade a lively game world where every npc seems to be living their daily lives, like interacting with each other arguments street ativities fights and the dialogue is great even the AI is really good and the Police are the most realistic I've seen, the hacking has been improved alot it never gets repetitve.It has beautiful graphics if you can handle its higher settings, although the optimization isn't perfect like many have reviewed it does need some work and more patches, but overall this game is brilliant it's been a while since I've had so much fun with a game."
,Recommended,447040,28951873,Posted: 2 January,all,PRIYANXHU,"Hey, Ubisoft, great moves, keep it up, proud of you!😆😆"
76561198326402699,Recommended,447040,28155601,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,GokaiChangeFTW,"please note that i havent beaten the game yet, will post an update once i do!(UPDATE!)i have to say, Watch_Dogs 2 is a BIG step up from the first one, more hacking options, actual parkour, and an interesting and funny cast! (Wrench is my fav) im lovin the story so far and lemme be honest here and say that, if you want to play a game where you spy on people (not for real, that would be creepy lol) and hack almost everything at your disposal, and a very modern and cool cast, buy Watch_Dogs 2 instead of the first one, dont worry you're not missing anything from the first game, so nothing to worry about really.. EDIT' i beat the game and i have to say, that was a VERY satisfying ending for a game like this! great job Ubisoft!PROS (bonus)-good parkour system but you dont do cool animations half the time-awesome oufits for Marcus (main character)-side missions reference pop culture which makes them fun to do!-very funny dialogue from the cast (if you get the gaming references)-San Fran is GORGEOUS-Aiden Pearce makes a cameo in a side mission!-the best soundtrack ive ever heard in a game since GTA 5-in the final mission, you get to play as Wrench and Sitara! but its really just a skin if anything-getting money in this game is very easy! just loot and play side missions-you can swat someone and get the different endings for each swat!-even if you beat the game, you have TONS of stuff to look forward to!CONS (bonus)-enemies are kinda tough even if you play on Easy-you will find yourself fast traveling to avoid LOUD car engine noises-dont have alot of health-co-op isnt all that great so stick to playing the story-not enough weapons and\or attachments-josh is sooo boring and bland besides everyone else-you're mostly gunfighting, so going melee is a bad option-game should have more melee weapons and because you can parkour, why not combine melee and parkour to pull off some sweet moves?-finding specific upgrades are a PAIN and REQUIRE you to have the quadcopter and the rc jumperthats my review! hope you found it helpful! i rate this game a 8.5/10 it would have been a higher score but with the cons and everything, its what holds it back from being the perfect open world game! but i TOTALLY would recommend this game!"
76561198063629069,Not Recommended,447040,29748277,Posted: 6 February,all,fergie666,decent game with some fun ideas and a improved map over the original... BUT poorly optimised
,Not Recommended,447040,28710452,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,K E L,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT IS FULLY OPTIMIZEDTHE GAME IS GOOD EXCEPT FOR THE MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING MICRO STUTTERS
,Not Recommended,447040,28140761,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Friendzone,"I just can't bring myself to like this game. Despite my time in it and the fact that I'm forcing myself to finish, it is just an unholy slog to get through.At the time of my writing this review, the ""most helpful"" reviews on display are 50% memes. That's not embellishment, five of the ten reviews are literally just jokes, four of those five are one sentence long. Steam's review system update is pretty trash in and of itself because of that (A surplus of actual reviews are lost because of early access spread, and yet you can make one that's literally less than twenty words and somehow that's a review)Now to get into why I don't like the game ;It feels bad to play, it stutters and hangs, at one point it crashed because I opened my phone when I got a research available popup in the middle of a dedsec phonecall. People are calling it optimized, but I've gone through every default setting from highest to lowest and I still have immense difficulty doing anything and it's not because of my rig (I have 430+ games on this account, a quarter of which are currently downloaded, and I can run all of them at their highest setting just fine despite how ""unoptimized"" they might be.)The driving is awful. Seriously, vehicles feel like they have no weight, it's like the complete reverse of GTA 4's driving and threw out uncontrollably heavy cars for wheeled helium balloons. Not to mention the vehicles seem to all resist me driving them, and I thought my sudden veering to the left or right was because of another player hacking me since until I turned it off the game would start me in multiplayer matches WHILE I WAS PAUSED (I went cook dinner and came back, still on the ESC menu, to hear one of the dedsec crew warning me that Prime_Eight was siphoning my data, sure enough I close the ""pause screen"" in time to see a purple arrow on my minimap barreling towards me before I'm below another users stolen Billboard Truck)The Car on Demand app is horrid, and personal vehicles matter less than the points on Whose Line Is It Anyway. I gave up on driving in the game unless it was a mission requirement just for the fact that it felt like the app was built to troll me. I was at a gas station 300m from my target? Send for my bike to be delivered. Can't find it? Check my map and see, oh, it's 600m in the OPPOSITE direction. Several hours into the game later I try calling for another vehicle from the app, only for it to spawn 250m away from me in restricted gang turf that you can't even drive out of. You needed to climb a fence just to get down to where my car was. Not that it matters because like I said, personal vehicles don't matter at all. Once you start or finish a mission, or get into a cutscene at any point in the mission, your vehicle is gone.The game is.. nonsensical? I'm at a mission where someone very important to the story dies, and you go to a Tezca hideout to hack their server and find the people who killed them. Okay great. So I go in there and start shooting gangmembers, because this is a restricted area, and despite the fact it's the TEZCA hideout I'm suddenly informed I'm in conflict with the 580s and not the people who I was supposedly breaking into the base of.The combat is awful, at least the guns. I have the Goodbye, World shotgun and and the DOT EXE Rifle. They do literally nothing to almost everyone. Not to mention the fact some enemies are literally invincible to gunfire unless you fire several rounds into their head. I went to a mission taking place on Alcatraz island, and found myself accosted by a fat white man who single handedly caused me to restart the mission about a dozen times. The problem I had with him? His blubber, like many ""heavy"" enemies bulletproof vests rendered all damage done to him by guns to be worthless unless I emptied two 30 bullet magazines into his face. Ubisoft does know that a bulletproof vest isn't actually bulletproof right? Let alone it doesn't confer that magical ability to every other limb on your body.Overall a very disappointing game that fights me, as the player, at every turn (Literally, when driving is concerned)"
76561198099216460,Recommended,447040,28448233,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Newbiticus,"Good game, optimized well with minimal glitches. The main story though, imo, sucks. Same mission over and over in a different location with different people involved."
,Not Recommended,447040,28198673,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,False God Meowcifer,"I was having fun but then they updated it and of course they didn't actually test the patch.CPU usage is now at 100% constantly, even when tabbed out, was 60% max prepatch.Specs are i5-4690K @4.2GHz and Gtx 970 with 16 gbs of ram.Even on the absolute lowest settings with everything turned off and pixel density at lowest settings CPU usage is at 80% constantly.Will update review when a fix is released, but until then it is legit not playable so don't buy it yet.UPDATE: I beat the game before they released any fixes for anything, so I won't actually update this review,  and seeing as their ""season pass"" so far has just given you a bunch of boring cosmetic things that no one cares about I probably will not have a reason to turn this game on again.I will say that they have been super bad about the issues people are having on their support forums, and just spam basic things like ""Did you try turning things lower? :) Ultra sure uses a lot!"" , blaming it on peoples machines and settings, without mentioning ever that something went wrong in their latest patch, and as of yet they haven't responded to anyone who has said they were playing on absolute minimum settings like I was and still having really bad performance."
,Recommended,447040,28112459,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mikeuhi,"Main Entry: disappointmentPart of Speech: nounDefinition: saddening situation; letdownSynonyms: bitter pill, blind alley, blow, blunder, bringdown, bummer, bust, calamity, defeat, disaster, discouragement, downer, downfall, drag, dud, error, failure, false alarm, faux pas*, fiasco, fizzle, flash in the pan, impasse, inefficacy, lemon, miscalculation, mischance, misfortune, mishap, mistake, obstacle, old one-two, setback, slip, washout, watch dogsAntonyms: boost, comfort, happiness, help, miracle, pleasure, relief, success, wonderNext Entry:"
,Not Recommended,447040,28763728,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,★Yams★,"The itself isn't bad, but I was buying this so me and my friend could play it together, and connecting online through Uplay is a NIGHTMARE so we returned the game. Like I said though if you are just going to play it alone than by all means buy it."
,Recommended,447040,29262707,Posted: 14 January,all,boski,"First 30 seconds into actual gameplay I knew I liked this game, how it looked and played.However after about 10 minutes I started to understand the movement system and that, I wasn't so pleased about. There's a slight delay and it feels like you're never in proper control of your character.. I'd prefer if movement were much more responsive like GTA or similar but hey, that's just me. The driving feels lovely and the immense detail and graphics are stunning. I might only have 64 minutes in the game at this point in time but if you're looking for an initial thoughts on the game, this is it.First mission on Normal difficulty was surprisingly challenging for some reason, I'm not sure if I'm just awful at this game or if the AI are actually half decent. Melee seemed to be the only cure, although using melee all the time was very repetitive and was WAY too easy. Unskippable cutscenes are a tad of a pain in the bum too but for all I know they may only be forced at the start so you can meet the characters etc.I've only went as far as unlocking the multiplayer/coop as I'm waiting on a friend before I even think about exploring any further than I have. Quite honestly I totally recommend this game so far, besides the cons above. Totally doesn't feel like the first Watch_Dogs and I enjoyed the first hour of a single player Ubisoft game for the first time in a long while."
76561198081689870,Recommended,447040,33702548,Posted: 21 July,all,Darxxion,"Watch Dogs 2 is an amazing game with more activities than any other game I have ever played, amazing parkour as seen in Ubisoft's Creed Games, and the best driving engine I have seen yet, I preordered the game hearing it was ""A Scam"" ""Sucks"" and started to agree, that made it even better when I played it, and it was better than I could even imagine!"
,Recommended,447040,28050652,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[BoTM] Anorax,"Shock .. this is actually a good AAA PC title. Gameplay is fun, the graphics are superb and are fluid, the game is stable, and there are lot's of interesting locations to explore. Can't wait to play some more."
,Recommended,447040,28573825,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Saturn,"Really enjoying this. It's not as dark and brooding as the first game, and has greatly expanded on the features I liked about that one.One thing that annoys me is that I could have saved 33% if I hadn't bought it the day before it went on sale... GG!"
,Recommended,447040,33104209,Posted: 1 July,all,Thunderono,"I've been replaying this game lately after some troubles with uPlay and I've hit that point where I need to rant about it.  Figured I might as well do that in a place where people looking to buy the game will see it.  As a fan of the first game, I went into this one with high expectations.  I'm a sucker for environmental manipulation, and both games deliver on that one big time.  While WD2 brings some cool new stuff to the table, I can't say I like it nearly as much as the original.  I guess I'll break this down.Spoilers to follow.The StoryIn the original Watch Dogs, you play as Aiden Pearce.  Family man extraordinaire.  The whole plot of the game revolves around uncovering the dark secrets surrounding you as you push to find out what happened at the Merlot, all while avoiding the hammer of Damien.  Aiden, while maybe a little bland, is a very likable character.  Similarly, the supporting characters don't feel throwaway; everyone you meet has a story that you uncover as you move.  Everything builds itself up to your dual showdowns with Lucky Quinn and Damien.Watch Dogs 2 does not come anywhere close to this.You're introduced to the game by Marcus Holloway, your own character.  The first mission has you infiltrate a Blume building as initiation into Dedsec.  You go in, you do your thing, you're introduced to the cast, and the game is done with all of the characters.  Nothing happens with any of them!  They start to try something with Wrench, but by the time the mission is over everything is resolved, rather than them exploring Wrench's connection to his mask and to technology.  All of the characters feel like wasted opportunity, and Ray's introduction doesn't feel like anything special.  He just kind of shows up and drinks beer in the hackerspace after he's first introduced, and the only time he really does anything else outside of snarky banter is accompany you in the final cutscene to deliver some snarky banter to the big bad guy.  It's also pretty hard to listen to some of these lines; at one point, the crew's getting ready to work on a car they got when Marcus, completely out of nowhere and to nobody just says, ""Hackers love a challenge.""  That one hurt a bit.Moving on, there's the issue of what you do in the game.  As I mentioned earlier, WD1 focuses on the underbelly of Chicago and Blume, and how different titans in the game had a role in your story.  As you continue, different characters offer new information and you feel like you're progressing.  WD2, on the other hand, is incredibly detached from itself.  I get what they were going for, I really do.  Dedsec is basically a big whistleblowing group, and building off of that, your main tasks involve digging up dirt on different companies and organizations.  That's pretty much it.  While the stuff that happens is pretty cool, it overall doesn't feel like I'm getting anywhere closer to the game's end goal of defeating Blume (which, spoilers, kind of doesn't happen.  More on that later.).Continuing, the final mission just sort of happens.  I'm serious, there is literally zero buildup to it.  You have no indication that you're nearing the end of the game.  So after you shake off the shock of the game giving you a big pop-up saying ""Hey man, you're about to beat the game.  You probably didn't realize, so we're letting you know now,"" you play through it and never once encounter the man you've been fighting the whole game.  He's not there.  The game makes a POINT of assuring you he's not there.  In fact, once you beat the final area, a cutscene plays out where you drive to his house and have to tell him you won.  He was just as confused as I was.  And then, the game ends.  No stop to cTOS, no resolution, just you rubbing some dirt in the one other character's face.  To me, it feels like they were going for a more pop-culture inspired story, rather than building off the success of the first.The MissionsI mentioned earlier that the missions, while cool, don't bring you anywhere.  I feel as though these are weaker than the first game's as well.  WD1 tasks you with infiltrating many different settings and do many different things.  You're asked to set up defenses, chase after targets in vehicles and all sorts of different things to spice up the gameplay in addition to the already solid level design.  As is the theme in this review, WD2 throws that out the window.  For starters, sneaking through areas is significantly more difficult.  This is, in my opinion, due to the removal of the wiring covers and a large amount of cover in general to compensate for the new ctOS enabled vehicles.  Enemies can and will spot you instantly from a long distance away, and you don't have many places to hide.This leads into my massive problem with the game:you don't need to worry about any of that.You see, WD2 introduces the Jumper and the Quadcopter.  The Quadcopter completely destroys any usage you would ever get out of the cameras, since it can spot enemies, be hacked from, and move freely.  A later upgrade also allows you to drop grenades and shock devices.  This makes running recon on a place you're looking at a total joke.  Then there's the Jumper, which makes up the other 65% of the reason I hate the missions.  The Jumper can only move along the ground, but it can Jump, hack and drop bombs in a similar fashion to the Quadcopter.  The main distinction here is that it'scapable of performing physical hacks.For those unfamiliar with the series, this basically means that you almost never have to actually step foot inside of a mission area, instead opting to first deploy the Quadcopter to get your wallhacks and then deploy the Jumper to play the game for you.  It sucks the fun out.As for the missions themselves, they're alright.  You can immediately spot a dip in variety a few missions in when you realize car chases are all but gone, and every mission is some spin on deploying your jumper to hack a box sitting in some office.  You are VERY rarely forced to go in on foot and on the off chance you do, the mission area is set up for that to be ridiculously easy.  When the game has its moments, they're amazing, though.  The entire Nudle infiltration mission is a blast since it forces you to be active in finding a way through the facility.  Tidis's arc is also great fun at the end thanks to the spider tank being incredibly satisfying.  Aside from that, though, there isn't much to note at all.  It's disappointing.The GameplayI didn't prioritize this for a simple reason: it's good.  Sure, missions are underwhelming.  But you're given a much larger suite of tools to deal with situations.  For instance, in WD1 you could only blow up junction boxes.  In WD2, you can make it attract enemies, set it to detonate at a proximity to enemies, cut power to it (though I don't know why you would want to do that) or simply blow it up.  ctOS enabled forklifts, scissor lifts and other vehicles allow you to customize your cover to a greater degree (albeit at the earlier mentioned cost to level design).  When driving, you can actually hack other cars to speed up, brake, or turn in a direction.  Nothing feels obsolete and I wound up using every tool I was handed.I didn't feel very obligated to do the extra missions since they all related to racing in some way, rather than WD1's privacy invasion, convoy and other modes.  I also didn't bother too much with the multiplayer since I don't like the invasion activity in either game and co-op with randos is pain.So is it worth it?Depends.  Are you a fan of the first game looking for a driven experience like the first?  If so, probably not.  If you're a fan of the first for gameplay reasons, I'd probably wait until it's on sale, but go for it.  It plays pretty much identically, just with kind of worse levels.  Newcomer to the series looking for something fun?  I'd go for it.  Solid gameplay, but disappointing overall."
,Recommended,447040,29223372,Posted: 13 January,all,Gunam,"Great game, one of ubisofts best. But, there are horrible performance issues that need to be fixed, other than that the game and soundtrack are amazing."
,Recommended,447040,28035404,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Harold,"Major improvement over WD1Positives:-Less serious tone-Characters have far better personalities-The world feels more alive-More colour in the world-A lot more fun to be had around San Fran compared to Chicago-Great performance, medium range PC runs game greatNegatives:-Some glitches with NPCs walking into walls-Dogs falling over randomlyEDIT: No more glitching into walls or dogs falling over."
,Recommended,447040,28828784,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gorjid19,The best game of 2016!Everything is hackable!Driving is great!Story is fantastic!Characters are well designed!Brilliant game
,Recommended,447040,28837717,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TurtleSquared,"When I launched Watch_Dogs 2, I thought it was going to be a complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥how like the last one.I could not have been more pleasantly surprised.Watch_Dogs 1 was a failure. It featured a bland storyline, and an unconnectable character (in which I like to call GrumpyPants McGee). Watch_Dogs 2 is a completely different story. It feels like Ubisoft understands what makes an open world game FUN and what keeps the player guessing. Watch_Dogs 2 feels like love and soul was put into a AAA game for once, and for that alone I must recommend it.Characters:The characters in Watch_Dogs 1 were absolutely dry. I can think of 1 character that actually made me feel something, and that was Jordi Chin, and his jokes. Watch_Dogs 2 characters are molded from jordi. They genuinely have a human sense to them. They feel like real people canonically and if you were to meet them in real life, they'd feel like any other person. Ubisoft nailed the character aspect of this game.Story:Watch_Dogs 1's story was based on revenge. It was based on Aiden's revenge of his neice (who we connected with via 11 FRAMES of animation), and the ctOS, as corrupt as it was, was just a tool in that process. It felt like a game with hacking in, rather than a game about hacking.However:Watch_Dogs 2 feels like a game about hacking. Nearly everything you see is hackable. This is where the story drives. Rather than being a revenge story using ctOS, it's a revenge story ON ctOS.World:Like I said before, the world is alive and completely interactive. Ranging from the car driving down the road, to the scissorlifts, to the traffic lights, to the little robots Haum is mass producing, everything is hackable. You can toy with pretty much everything. See the phone in that guys pocket? You can overheat it so it ends up killing the poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!Like I said, this game is fun.Conclusion:If you happen to: like hacking, like petting dogs, like a fun open world game, have a soul, or anything of the likes, I sincerely suggest you pick up this game, especially now during the steam winter sale."
,Recommended,447040,34885931,Posted: 11 September,all,Mega ;D,"The game already won me over when they announced co-op. Unfortunately it was only 2 player co-op at first but eventually released a 4 player co-op mode. The downside is that you can't do main missions as co-op, so you're limited to co-op optional missions. Which means there are missions that you can complete solo but you'll have the option to bring along a partner(s) in crime. Aside from that co-op limitation, you have full access to the world to explore and cause mayhem with friends."
,Recommended,447040,28124002,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Wulfrix,"[EDIT] Story update:This game has no story.You have to take down Blume.How you do it is upto you.However this often leads to lack of focus on the actual main quest.This kind of an approach works for Watch Dogs(though i prefered Aiden's story).It has its moments but overall it is just characters interacting with each other in different situations and is not a story at all.(Atleast not until a certain character comes along from the previous game).If you want to see how a light hearted story can have an impact,look at Bad Blood DLC from WD1.Even the DLC storyline is the same except we now go up against different organisations.Yup it is a better version of Watch_Dogs.And no it is not a game about watching cute dogs(Though you can pet them)The sequel is a massive improvement over Watch Dogs.A new city A new protagonist and loads of new tools make for an excellent game.This game is to Watch Dogs What black flag is for Assassin's Creed.It is not the best,but it is good.The port is excellent.But the performance varies from PC to PC so my word is not the only one that should be counted.I have been running it on a GTX960m(which is no potato but it ain't no titan either) and i can play the game on medium at 1080p at 48-50 fps(which iam comfortable with).The loading times are good enough(Though bear in mind iam talking about a 7200 rpm mechanical drive so performance may differ from yours).The controls looks like they have been specifically designed for pc(the menus etc).Your old watch dogs knowledge will help you,but not much.This is a different game.I found Stealth to be an important approach.And it is easier than before with the eagle vision(They call it 'nethack' but whatever-It is eagle vision).Havent got into the story so far,but iam kinda missing Aiden pierce(I know i might be one in a million-I miss connor kenway too).Is it recomended?Of course it is."
,Recommended,447040,28032694,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sydch,"They did it right. Game is optimized. Well done Ubisoft, you've done something that other game devs can't do.Well i must admit, it has problems. It not works flawlessly. But i got 60fps most of the time. I push my GPUs limits, maybe that's the reason, but however, my GPU isn't that old."
,Recommended,447040,28071004,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JoHn Muir,"Great step up from previous Ubisoft games that were a disaster (Unity *cough*). Fluid and beautiful, not nearly as clunky as Watchdogs 1. Only complaint is the hackertalk (""Yeah man meet us at the hackerspace!"").Trump is president, The UK isn't in the EU, and Ubisoft made a good game. What a year."
,Recommended,447040,34362145,Posted: 19 August,all,Charles,"I found it to be a decent game. I did preorder it and completed it but I don't feel there's too much replay value in it except to explore the beautiful open world or play multiplayer. It's a nice game but I feel there are some things that could have been much better such as the soundtrack and adding more types of transport like helicopters or something.The story is quite interesting but there were many outdated references and considerable amount of lines and scenes were very cheesy and hard to watch or listen to. It's not a perfect game but by no means is it a terrible one either. The story and characters are more interesting than the first game but personally I preferred Aiden over these characters as they feel somewhat generic and forgettable. Still, it's a unique and fairly solid game. It runs well and the graphics are nice.Overall, this game has good parts and bad parts. I do recommend this game, however I would wait until it is discounted. It has a lot of stuff you can do but even then I don't think the price can be justified. I would say that the price would be justified when discounted by 35% or above."
,Recommended,447040,34328988,Posted: 18 August,all,Hyena,"Wow.What a turnaround for an IP that was on such a rocky slope.I'm actually really happy that I got this game and while I usually feel kind of exhausted after making a large purchase like this, it's already made up for its cost and that's basically exactly what I expect from a game.I mean, you're gonna have a grand ole time with this. On the surface you're gonna have a pretty world to look at, but I also enjoy the amount of ""stealthy f***-aroundy, I can make this happen because I'm the tech god"" fun. Oh right and they're doing semi-regular game updates, one being four-player co-op which I got to enjoy recently. Hell, get some friends to play. The online is kind of really solid from what I've actually seen of it."
,Recommended,447040,28312442,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CHANDAN BOOMMM!!!!!!!!!,One of the awesome game I have ever played.it is also well optimised.Multiplayer is just awesome.i would give 9/10 to this game
,Recommended,447040,28321280,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,APRICITY,"Pros:-better than Watch_Dogs 1-decent npc relation-good driving-better ai detection-good and detailed map design-simple control scheme-stealth is much more rewarding-advanced graphics-really good facial expressionsCons:-it is still easier to run and gun with the 2 shot noob gun-some of the lines are cringy-unusual police ai-45 frames on high-medium settings on gtx 1070-the obstacles such as lighting posts are cut into individual peices upon hitting it with a vehicle-outdated physics engineOverall 8/10extremely addictive experience, better than the first, stable multiplayer, and an overall pleasant experience"
,Recommended,447040,28730414,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,gwait,"Story line & Side-MissionsThe story line is engaging and easy to follow. The only issue I see with the story line is that it is short. Whilst one mission has many sub-tasks to complete, the missions are quite short. The side-missions do not add too much length to the total story line either.Co-op Game ModeNow what is a game without a co-op or multi-player mode, right? The game has easy ""matchmaking"" system that matches you to a stranger or a friend. You are then able to either free roam or complete a co-op mission together. The co-op  missions have varying lengths of difficulty to cater to different players. Now there are also a lot of issues with co-op. One issue is that there is only voice chat available in co-op game mode. Whilst it may be convenient for some players to use a ""hands-free"" approach, I prefer to use a text chat. This feature is unavailable.Another issue with co-op is that it can take quite a while to match you with a person. Usually by the time you get matched with a person, you are more than half way done with the mission itself. This can be bypassed if you accept to join somebody else's lobby though. Co-op missions can also be quite repetitive. There is not much variety in the locations and objectives for the co-op missions. This means that these missions can get repetitive after a while. This also does not help as most missions can be completed within a short period.When you are roaming, a player can be matched just because they are in the same location. This system is annoying especially if you just want to play single-player.AI (Artificial Intelligence)Each AI have their own unique personality and characteristics in the game. AI also often respond to interactions by your character in-game. Another feature of AI that I found to be pretty cool is that the AI can often perform their own actions. Whenever you steal a vehicle from AI, some of them will try to steal the vehicle back and then try to you fight with you. Other times, you have some AI carrying guns, which they use to start conflicts with other AI. AI are also able to photo bomb your selfies!Tools and their UpgradesYou have the option to 3D print items such as weapons, a drone and a jumper (or even add a paint job to it). These tools add a lot to the game-play and I love that often you have to use variety of tools to complete a task in the game. For example, you have to use a jumper to enter vents and unlock a door which then the character can use to enter. Some tools are too overpowered and can make some of the missions easy to complete. Sometimes you do not have to enter a restricted area to complete the mission. All you can use is a jumper or a drone to complete the mission.Now that I am talking about the drone (and their upgrades) - they are way too overpowered. For example, if you get a mission to destroy shipments, all you do is drop three bombs and then detonate them all. Whilst this may sound complicated, this usually takes under a minute to complete. What I am trying to say is that you will often end up relying too much on the tools to complete missions.An ability to place a target on an enemy is another example of an overpowered upgrade. You place a target and two gang members come and start a gun fight and try to kill the target. Often, you will have many enemies in the same area that also engage in combat with the gang members. You are also able to upgrade the strength of the gang members which will make them a lot harder to kill. This makes the missions easy as the gang members often deal with all the enemies by either:1. Killing every enemy2. Distracting them enough so you are not the central focusPlay styleYou are able to approach missions in many ways. Main examples are that you have the option to use stealth, ""guns blazing"" or a mixture of both. If you decide to use stealth, the melee system is well made. You can plan your every step to complete the goal. The parkour aspect makes the character perform tricks when jumping between building or falling from a certain height.FPS, Crashes & BugsRegardless of the settings, I always experience FPS drops whilst moving or driving. After the latest patch, I have been having much more issues with the game crashing. As an example, I had two simultaneous crashes in a short period, making me unable to complete a mission. Luckily, these are the only two crashes that occurred whilst I was playing. There are also quite a few bugs that you might encounter if you decide to buy the game. For example, I was getting a drone out whilst driving a vehicle and then called it back. The controls were still stuck as if I was still controlling the drone even though I was in a car.The anti-cheat system can sometimes bug out too. I got kicked because I did not have EAC installed, as an example. I was able to play the game for over 40 hours so this caught me off guard.Other activitiesThere are a lot of activities to complete outside of the main story line. This includes collectibles for paint jobs, cash or research points for upgrades. You can also be a driver and have to complete various objectives to earn a five-star rating. Finally, you can take selfies at certain landmarks or take part in a Drone, Kart or a Sailboat race.There are also some forced activities such as having to chase a vehicle and neutralize the driver. The AI driver follows you around even if you do not want to take part in the activity. Later, you get an obnoxious notification telling you that the target is getting away. I didn't want to take part in the activity in the first place!All in all, I only have 45 hours of play time and have:1. Completed the story line2. Completed all the side missions3. Reached the highest possible level4. Collected all the collectibles (for Upgrading)5. Got gold medals in all races6. Had a chance to try out co-op and already got bored due to repetitivenessIt is a short but a fun game and I would recommend to only buy it during a sale."
,Recommended,447040,28261740,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,No Signal,"This game is pretty much everything Watch_Dogs promised, and failed to be. Fantasitc graphics, runs without a hitch, and a likable cast of characters. Where the first game took itself too seriously, this game is full of self-aware humor. It also features a much expanded music library that is magnitudes better; it even has classical music! Even the driving has seen a massive improvement. When I first hit that right trigger and began to accelerate, it was like stepping down on the accelerator of a Tesla Model S. I was floored at the acceleration, and it took a bit for me to get used to the speed in game (although that could be the result of the motion blur, which is pretty intense but worth keeping on). Now, for all that this game does right there are a few issues that I've found with it.The inclusion of the drones, while being an awesome mechanic, make the game less of a challenge. There are missions where you are able to drone your way through until you reach a point where the message pops up ""Only Marcus can complete this part of the Mission."" While it can be fun to roll or fly about with the drones, I find I am able to rely on them too much (as if a drone gets destroyed, I just have to wait for the cooldown to get a new one.)I also found that some of the new characters that are introduced as part of the missions are just dropped in with no real explanation of who they are, even though they seem to know of Marcus and his friends long before the game has begun. It would've been nice to get to know who these people are, so that they aren't just flashing in and out of the story.Finally I find that there is a conflict between the character of Marcus, and the ability to simply roll through the game shooting everything up with your printed arsenal. It's strange to me that a guy that was wrongfully accused of a crime would then go out and shoot up a bunch of random people. (But hey, it's a game, and you're free to do what you will with it. I tend to go with the entirely nonlethal approach, just 'cause, so it's nice thye left it up to the player to decide on how to play the game.)In closing, I think this is the first time an Ubisoft PC port has gone so smoothly. For the stability that this game has right out of the box, it was worth the added wait. Would recomend to anyone looking for something with quirky characters, just the right amount of self-awareness, great vehicle handling, and a beautifully rendered San Fransico to explore (I know I'll be driving around this game for a long time to come)"
,Recommended,447040,34200234,Posted: 12 August,all,DogetorHue,One of the best games I've ever played. There are so many gameplay elements that are unique to this franchise and I want more. My only complaint is that I feel like I rushed through all the missions too quickly. I'll certainly be replaying many of them. Excited for the rumored release of WD3 in the next couple years.Overall 9/10
,Recommended,447040,31596179,Posted: 6 May,all,System,"TL;DR Is gud gaem, there are dogs. 9/10So, I originally got this game whilst it was on sale, and I played it a lot with one of my closer friends. From what I can tell ya, the multiplayer is good. The game is also pretty good, but the story is... Ech. The characters, at least to me, felt forced and weird. But, I generally enjoyed the game. I have yet to beat it yet, so, I could easily change the review."
76561198011965365,Recommended,447040,29809482,Posted: 9 February,all,Saint Aaron,"I didn't expect such a quality PC Port coming from Ubisoft especially knowing what they have been giving us over the last few years. Dishonored 2 should have been subjected to that kind of treatment. The game is well-optimised. Aside from this (which is still the most important part for a PC game), graphics look really stunning (especially in 4K) every so often, gameplay cunningly evolves and attires itself with pleasant additions that make the overall experience globally well better than before. The map size is honest (twice as big as WD1's), content literally pours, the city's atmosphere is riveting and the storyline, despite being quite formulaic, lets itself get enjoyed thanks to a clever writing as well as charming characters."
,Recommended,447040,28361482,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PcWeed™,"This game is so cool that I followed it from the start. I played the first one but it lacked some important features but this game will not disapoint, my only consern is that if you have not played the first game you might not understand the story of this game, but if you have you will enjoy every second of this game."
76561198099539694,Recommended,447040,31449609,Posted: 29 April,all,Fat Joe Games,"First of all I would like to say, this game is fing amazing. It's got a great storyline and the open world, ohhh hell yes. Completing it in around 32 hours plus another 26 hours or so just attacking bank vans and blowing stuff up. The only part that I found that was sad, was finishing the game, I would have liked for a longer story, but then there's still more to explore.  Cringe line"
,Recommended,447040,31776846,Posted: 15 May,all,naked white man,"Noticeable improvement from the original game. Nice gameplay and improved ""hacking"" in comparison to the first.The only noticeable con about this game is the secondary characters. You don't get attached to these characters and almost all lines of dialogue that were meant to be ""comedic"" just end up making you feel uncomfortable due to overwhelming amounts of cringe."
,Not Recommended,447040,28956412,Posted: 2 January,all,Stoner Aleks,"THis game keeps forcing me to do online♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing stop it's so annoying. I can't go two strokes from busting without online ""experiences"" being forced down my throat. It's worse than Watch Dogs 1 when it comes to online."
76561198095662537,Recommended,447040,29467018,Posted: 24 January,all,Bøll3mis 🤙🏻,"Watch Dogs 2 is a great game. If you like GTA and hacking this is just the game for you!I am very impressed by the game, and I have listed a pro and cons below:++ Great Grapichs+ Nice interface+ Very detailed+ Fun jokes and stuff you can relate to real life (Like companies and people)+ Very fast loading, both offline and online (GTA could really learn something of that)+ Big World and a lot stuff to explore+ Character upgrades like Fallout+ Nice ranking system for the online aspect of the game+ Randomly people join you while you play (you can turn it off if you don't like it)+ Lots of side missions to do+ You 3D print your weapons! (DOPE)-- Short Main Story (Tho with DLCs it might fill out the gap)- Sometimes it take some time to find an online game to join- Sometimes you get the feeling that more effort was put into the Grapich and Design than the story- No planes, would be a nice addition (Tho you have your Drone!)- No character devolpment- People don't use mic in online mode, which makes it hard to plan your approach (The Rusher or the Silent Hacker often get mixed together)."
,Recommended,447040,31496135,Posted: 1 May,all,Lokee McSharktopus,buy it
94430682461048766,Recommended,447040,33549324,Posted: 14 July,all,󠀡,"It's pretty neat to play, Nice looking world and some neat gameplay puzzle mechanics, But you may need a beefy computer to run this game in nice looking graphics.But Otherwise I'd say its a neat game. Just feels unoptimized compared to other titles. Hell, It turns my keyboards lighting off everytime I launch it. But I still think its interesting. Though the memes are by certain old as hell."
76561198016534305,Recommended,447040,33938745,Posted: 31 July,all,ElizaBean,"Love this game to death- great characters, story and dialogue.. Its odd to have characters that feel so human, theres some especially great moments in the cutscenes aaah its just good. far far better than the first one in the series- its good to see developers actually listening to the  public response for once!!!  I am bad at writing reviews but this is a very good game I promise! ^_~"
,Recommended,447040,33326226,Posted: 6 July,all,Supreme Leader,"Much better than its predecessor in pretty much every way. Larger map, more stuff to do, better optimization (although it's still not perfect, stutters here and there), less multiplayer cheaters, etc. The monthly updates are also pretty nice. I'd say, go for it."
76561198007762021,Recommended,447040,33741930,Posted: 23 July,all,Zarkon183,"I haven't enjoyed a lot of Ubisoft's recent releases. This....this I enjoyed immensely. The characters are awesome, great dialogue. The missions don't seem repeatitive at all (Saying something for Ubisoft...) The driving is fun. The hacking is extremely fun. Great game. I really feel like they learned from their mistakes with Watch Dogs 1. Can't wait for 3."
,Recommended,447040,30919554,Posted: 3 April,all,chuga chuga chuggington,This NOT a GTA clone by Ubisoft. The game has very likeable main characters and really cool missions. There are lots of different ways to be creative in your way of solving problems in this game. You can blow up steam pipes and the police Don't know that it is you. The multiplayer is also fun because you have to detect the enemy.
76561198072731098,Recommended,447040,29064369,Posted: 6 January,all,Clyde owns a crossbow,"The game is beautiful on Ultra, but it runs at a framerate that is equal to that of a Microsoft Word Slideshow, The story of this game is better than the story of WD1. The multiplayer is the problem, I've played countless PVP matches where the enemy is hacking..."
,Recommended,447040,35163281,Posted: 23 September,all,Captain Shtuff,"This game, in short, is what I expected the first one to be. You have control over a lot more, the story is actually a lot better than I expected, it's surprisingly funny at some times, and each character has their own personality. After you complete the story, it does get a little boring to play, but if you space our the story and side missions well, you'll have a lot more fun and a lot longer play time. That being said, I suggest you get this game on sale. I got it for half off and I think I enjoyed it more than I would have if I had paid the full $60."
,Recommended,447040,28080897,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,paulfnwall,"OMG, a game that actually runs well day one.Oh yeah, it's also a fun game and the driving physics are much better than the first game, yet are still not perfect.Wish Ubisoft would drop the Uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198096300555,Recommended,447040,28081007,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vinnie_,Fun game and runs well 60fps on my crusty pc at good graphics
,Recommended,447040,28049896,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aurociqz,"A ton of different setting choices, good runnable for both high as low spec systems. The stealth is just as good as in the first watch_dogs and the graphics are looking totally amazing!I'm looking forward to play a lot more of this game. Thanks Ubisoft, this game is a real masterpiece!Totally recommend this game to anyone who likes to do a lot of free roam, multiplayer, story missions and stealth.9.2/10 - best game of 2016 - (my opinion)"
,Recommended,447040,29026152,Posted: 4 January,all,[PCNE$] Nomad,"I love this game . I played the first game before . This game More developed than the first game . Hack Systems, Drone, Cinematic scene, Multiplayer and more content . Definitely play this game ."
,Recommended,447040,29019666,Posted: 4 January,all,kreeture,Absolutely brilliant
76561198080541520,Recommended,447040,32661158,Posted: 22 June,all,huggitt17,"If you liked the first one, you will probably enjoy this one. Maybe. Depends on what you liked about the original.I liked the hacking mini games and combat mechanics better in the original, but I loved the drones in the 2nd. And the 2nd got repetitive much faster.In the 1st game, to hack a building, you needed to complete a mini game, which could've been one of any number of different mini games. In the 2nd, there was only one mini game type.I loved the drones in this game! In the 1st game you needed to complete missions using only yourself and the weapons you had. In the 2nd the weapons don't matter nearly as much (which sucks), but you can complete most missions almost entirely with your drones. That means if you get caught trying to sneak in, your drone gets shot, not you!In almost every other way, this game is basically just an update to the original. Fun, but similar enough to first that if you remember the first at all, this game will get repetitive that much faster."
01189998819991197,Recommended,447040,28707268,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Fantastic λctionwill65,"My first review of Watch_Dogs 1 said that I don't understand why the reviews were mixed however there's no point in denying it, even though I enjoyed Watch_Dogs 1, it was a dissapointment compared to what it could be (This game is an example of what Watch_Dogs Couldve been)  However Watch_Dogs 2 takes everything I enjoyed in Watch_Dogs 1 and polishes it, and everything that kinda sucked in the first game has been greatly improved in Watch_Dogs 2.Watch_Dogs 2 opens up a much more vibrant environment than Watch_Dogs 1. Even though I liked Aiden Pearce, Marcus and his crew are so likeable and the environment is so colourful compared to Watch_Dogs 1. As much as I accepted the dead atmosphere because of Aiden's story, I much prefer Watch_Dogs 2.The story to Watch_Dogs 2 actually makes sence and works as a game. Don't get me wrong, as boring as the story for the first game was, it was acceptable-ish for a story as it was about vengance and stuff. It was OKAY. Watch_Dogs 2 however has a vastly better storyline so far and the story has been executed better than the first game.Driving feels so much better.There's so much more to do in Watch_Dogs 2 when it comes to Hacking, Side missions and the overall game just feels so fun in general!EDIT:I've got a few more hours into the game and I have to really compliment Ubisoft for the actual humour of this game. The game from time to time has some really funny jokes said by various characters far more amusing than many other games I've played. Bonus Points to Ubisoft.Performance/Graphics:My CPU is a FX-6350 @ 4.2 GHzMy GPU is a R9 270x 2GB VRAMI'll admit that my PC isn't a ""Multi Thousand Gaming PC with 3 4K monitors with two Titan X cards and all that stuff"" however with the settings on low, I manage to get a good constant 40-60FPS and the graphics on low are suprisingly acceptable. Besides, I'm not going to let my inablitiy to play on ultra stop me from enjoying such a fantastic game.OVERALL:A fantastic and vastly improved game compared to the original."
76561198089477764,Recommended,447040,28812673,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheVeganCannibal,If you see a dog you can pet it! 11/10 GOTYThere is also something to do with hacking or whatever but I've just been petting dogs... so.
,Recommended,447040,28789771,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Opera 2,"Is this Watch Dog?I don't believe it!!OK , Ubisoft , You win this timehonestly, it better than i thought7/10"
76561198125204153,Not Recommended,447040,28914663,Posted: 1 January,all,Phoenix,"This game is fun, but honestly it get really repetitive. I enjoyed Watch Dogs 1 but the sequel, while well developed and fun at times, is very vanilla for the majority. It didn't have me on the edge of my seat for it and I got bored during about 60% of my gameplay so far. It feels like I keep repeating my missions and not getting anywhere with the story. But if you're bored and wanna relax in a well developed open world, then this game can also be really fun. So it depends. 6.7/10"
76561198101070978,Recommended,447040,33195840,Posted: 3 July,all,slermin,"20/10 would recommend. this game is sooooo fricken fun better parkor than mirrors edge. Do yourself a favor and buy this game. ps, game tip: I didnt really mess with the guns other than decking out my pistol. Its a lot more fun and makes more sense if you go a more stealthy approach."
,Recommended,447040,28127026,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,help uncle jack off a horse,"2016 is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up: Brexit happened, Donald Trump got elected, and somehow Ubisoft made a decent game."
,Recommended,447040,28717116,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blazsword,You can pet dogs 10/10
,Not Recommended,447040,29290613,Posted: 15 January,all,sicinthemind,"Pros:It's got a pretty fun concept, hacker fan-fiction game with an interesting story line...While it's fun to play... here's some of my ""Problems"" with buying the Gold edition.Glitches... oh boy... Youtube will save you some time. I think there's more glitches in this game than there is in Dead Island: Glitchtide.1) Activation issues between Steam and Uplay... after 4-days w/ Tech support from Ubisoft. I finally refunded my game with Steam which lead to other issues.2) Bought the game directly from the Uplay Club Store.... Activation from Steam was remnant and still had activation issues for 3-4 more days with Ticket in ""Escalation"" status. Found out, ""Steams"" Activation was still stuck on my uplay acocunt. Took several retries of unlinking and re-linking my steam account to uplay for it to correct itself.3) Randomly if Steam isn't running, I'll still get activation errors.4) The DLC is buggy and interacting with any upc to purchase DLC content resulted in Crash.5) High-Res Pack causes instant crash? not sure why...6) If there's any crash for any reason, you can't start the game up for a while because it will instant crash for no reason.Worst experience ever with a game."
,Recommended,447040,33252692,Posted: 4 July,all,Gum,Good game that lasted me 2 weeks :/
,Recommended,447040,29193663,Posted: 11 January,all,Bingo,Such an awesome game! A big improvement compared to WD1
,Recommended,447040,28056858,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Still Here,-Good optimized-Good Gameplay-Fantastic Graphic-Worth to buy*Best UBISOFT Game in 2016
,Recommended,447040,28062211,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EFFECT,the first time ubi didn't fckd it up..
,Recommended,447040,30955253,Posted: 4 April,all,PlayDave,The gameplay and graphics are amazing. I got stuck on the first level for half an hour in one spot. That however was my own fault. One really bad thing though is the lack of fire trucks. Overall the game is epic.
76561198062018740,Recommended,447040,28763294,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gubnub,You can sit in the park and watch dogs
,Recommended,447040,33103658,Posted: 1 July,all,ZakAttack,"''Some gamers are reporting trouble getting Watch Dogs 2 to run after installing Nvidia's 384.76 WHQL drivers that were released yesterday. If that is a game you play, your best bet is to avoid the driver update for the time being, or roll back to a previous version if you've already installed them.''-PC GamersYour best option if you have this problem is unistall that driver or just wait."
,Recommended,447040,28142777,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Oswald,"So much better then the first watch dogs!Was so annoyed about the 2 week delay for this game, but after playing it I'm very thankful for it.The game runs so well and I havent had any problems with it.The main storyline for the game is insane and sucks you in!Buy the game... Right now...  And enjoy it!"
,Not Recommended,447040,29271428,Posted: 15 January,all,krio,No option to buy an english version for my region.
,Recommended,447040,32688037,Posted: 23 June,all,benniinnii,"for next series of Watch Dogs is great step- more hacking option- more car and it can custom paint- more outfit style- more gadget freak stuff- more street stuff- smooth movement walking, running, parkour, driving car/ boat- customize dedsec weaponsbut not all good- this reduce weapons on your pocket, need more stuff- police and swat is too easy to face- need more strong storyline, Watch Dogs 1 is better with Aiden Pierce- need more rival hacker on storyline different hacking ability (this one you can have it all)- adding air vehicle (plane/chpper) for player must be great, hacking air unit too simple on police chopper"
,Not Recommended,447040,29271179,Posted: 15 January,all,Wack.,"It worked fine on day-one.  Day two, terrible fps and crashes, very inconsistent.Ubisoft are insane, somehow they managed to associate this game with an un-related account."
,Recommended,447040,28039843,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nihal,Finally Ubisoft made a almost perfect game. It's fun .
76561198061473864,Not Recommended,447040,29212213,Posted: 12 January,all,Vince131,Base game is too short and not enough content to justify spending another 40$ on the season passthe game was fun to play though. just short lived IMO like firefly
76561198242346366,Recommended,447040,32159560,Posted: 3 June,all,SparkStatic,"4/5I absolutly love this game. The freeroam is amazing and there is so much to do. The only thing I do not like, is that the framerate is not consistent, and sometimes the game would freeze at random intervals. The requirements said that I needed 8gb of ram and I have 16gb, and uPlay still tells me that I do not have enough ram even through I have no background apps running(besides Steam). Other than that, its amazing. I still have not completed the campaign(just bought the game yesterday), but the gameplay is awesome. Overall, probably a solid9/10."
76561198053552710,Recommended,447040,29432646,Posted: 22 January,all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,"probably the best ubisoft game made after the division.8,5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28189561,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,AssassiN,The game is awesome
,Recommended,447040,33097444,Posted: 1 July,all,mecoolGAMER,nice game
,Not Recommended,447040,29238787,Posted: 13 January,all,Falloux,Avoid this game. Crashes frequently. Unstable.
,Recommended,447040,28105960,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sashihara,"UPDATE: (SPOILER FREE)So I finished the game, it took a total of around 11-12 hours ish, so not too bad for the game itself. The missions are solid as said however I do feel let down by the end mission. It was hard I'll give Ubisoft that, it was challenging and fun. BUT the ending was ultimately a let down. I love Watch_Dogs 1 & 2 but if I had to pick either of them due to the ending I'd 100% say Watch_Dogs 1 had a much more satisfying ending than this one, its still a great game but personally I found the ending just a let down, I was hyped up for the final mission and stuff and the transition between the characters is so cool and fun... but at the same time I was let down by the ultimate end as most of it cracked down to a cutscene which lasted about 3-4 minutes ish. I kinda wish the ending was much more than it was but oh well still a great game :PRest of the review below--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game.. It almost feels like this should've been the OG Watch Dogs but nether the less this is an extremely amazing game. I feel like this game has been given a bad rep just because of the first game which is understandable but seriously, I came into this a little shacky, I LOVED the first Watch Dogs so much but this, its just a major upgrade overall, the game is beautiful, the combat is a little.. eh  but its a hacking game. You're meant to hack. Personally I've kinda gone the Aiden Pearce route of this game, never used my little RC car, just kinda ran in there like Aiden and went full out on them, ultimately satisfying, the hacking this time isn't ""X"" to hack, its more ""Middle mouse button"" then a bunch of options which whilst its SUPER fun to see they re-make of it, its.. a little weird I suppose just because to hack you have to hold middle mouse and say you want to take a ""bot"" from someone you have to press space, one thing I find annoying which is rare is just the talents, which its great I unlocked a hacking trait to remote control cars example if I hold middle mouse to hack I can move the car forwards backwards, make it turn etc. Problem with this? Its not as much as a problem as just a kinda sad thing, before the upgrade I would drive around re-charging my botnet by hacking phones in other cars, now I can't do that but oh well. The game overall is super fun, multiplayer is great and actually works. 1 kinda problem I have is this. Watch_Dogs had such a clear story, you was Aiden Pearce a hardcore guy hellbent on vengance pretty much, this game you're just some hipster running around with your friends messing about, whilst this is fun there is a story line it just doesn't feel as impacting as the first game. However I got to give the game a lot of credit for spreading literally meme posters all over the world, your friends in the game who are Dedsec are.. fun? Weird as hell but okay overall, however what I can say is this. It is becoming awfully hard to tolerate the hipster vibe it gives off, If you're a hipster you'll love this ""retro"" san-fransisco, however for me personally its just getting to the point I want to jump off golden gate bridge and pray that it grants me a swift death. Oh! Also! When its sunset and the fog comes on. You'll cry at how beautiful it looks! Unless you're playing it on low graphics, then I'm sorry, you're probably missing out big time."
,Recommended,447040,29138346,Posted: 9 January,all,Agent Rupal,"Players facing frequent sutters regardless of PC specs , just roll back to windows 10 november update if you are on Windows 10 anniversary update"
,Recommended,447040,28341733,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,LukeStoleALambo,"Watch Dogs 2 is the game that the original Watch Dogs should have been. Instead of being the ""GTA with hacking"" game that Watch Dogs 1 was, it really forges its own identity as something different.The characters in this game are actually likeable, something that Watch Dogs 1 failed dismally at (Looking at you Aiden). Dialogue between the characters is funny and interesting, the main character Marcus is a much brighter character to follow and the game itself looks beautiful, not to mention (for me at least) it ran very well.The cooperative mode in this game is seemless, with people able to drop into your game for a quick 'hello', and once you've had enough of the coop there is no annoying loading screen to go back to single player, you're just instantly dropped back into singleplayer.However, the price tag is a bit steep for a game which I 100 percented in 26 hours but I guess that is to be expected for a Triple A game these days.Overall, I had a very fun time playing this game and would gladly recommend this to all of you. Just keep an eye out for that $60.95 price tag."
,Recommended,447040,28769698,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,flash.exe,"▬▬▬▬▬▬▬Watch Dogs 2▬▬▬▬▬▬▬Watch Dogs 2 is very immersive. You get into action from the very beginning. You play as the protagonist, Marcus Holloway, who also goes by the alias 'Retr0'. Marcus becomes a part of a hacker group named Dedsec, and ends up becoming a key contributor in the group. The group's main goal, and basically what the storyline follows is freedom. Show the public, those that aren't in the know on what is happening with their personal information and data. You'll find out what I mean as you progress through the story. The missions are very well put together, as are the side missions / quests you can participate in. All in all, the story is put together, and plays out very well.» The graphics are good, shadows work well and don't bug out. Just the lip sync when they speak could be better - it's not bad by any means, but it could be better.» The gameplay is good. I quite like the way they did the driving, having the ability to unlock nitrous on any car by spending research points (which are unlocked as you gain followers, or by finding them around the city). The driving isn't too realistic which makes for great cornering and drifting, making it pretty easy to evade the cops and other players if you have a decent vehicle.» The multiplayer. Wow. The multiplayer integration is very, very well put together. They sort of tie it in with the story. You could just be driving around and someone pops up who you either have to help because they are an ally of Dedsec or you have to try and hack / kill because they are an enemy, a member of the group Prime Eight.Graphics: 8/10.Story: 8.5/10.Gameplay: 8/10.Auto save works seamlessly.Bugs encountered: 0."
,Recommended,447040,29019053,Posted: 4 January,all,Fe[A]rless Knight,"Perfect Watch Dogs games . It's lively, immersing and exciting. A true definition of a good open world. Side missions aren't set objectives but random events that happen regularly in the open world. All of the characters are very well done, with hilarious characteristics and incredible voice acting. The ""coincidental"" real world references are everywhere. One of the best games I've ever played. And without a doubt the best open world ever."
,Recommended,447040,28105081,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,2B or not 2B,"My Impressions after 13 hours - Damn positive !Well it looks like Ubisoft made a come back with this game !I did not like Watch Dogs 1 because of the family sentiment story, dull world, repetitive missions, bad driving.Watch Dogs 2 is a complete overhaul of the franchise. Game is improved in every single aspect when compared to WD1 and also there are tonnes of new stuff. I am glad they moved on completely new setting, characters.The game runs very smooth , well optimized and looks so gorgeous.. The attention to detail is awesome. People carry on their lives, react to us , do funny stuff like posing for pictures, photobombing ..etc All these makes the open world of San Francisco very lively and believable. The best part about game is it doesnt have a serious tone; getting excited to movie trailers, funny stuff like finding game leak all makes game fun to play. The missions are also very varied includes platforming, puzzles, use of jumper and copter so nothing feels like a chore to do. There is liveliness and fun to every single aspect in the game and that's what makes the game great !Recommended straight on to anyone looking to have some fun !"
,Recommended,447040,28713345,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PPL,"Missed out the watch dogs, now bought the watch dogs 2.Amazing characters with amazing graphic which my pc only have GTX 760.Unbelieveble and enjoyable story line as well as easy control but smart phone in game.Come in handy with controller as well as mouse and keyboard.Custom features of weapons, cars and more stuff made the game more fun to play.Serious design in every detail in NPC which made me shocked.Fast travel is helping out a lot when the missions r always going far awayWhat can improve on is making online game mode more clear with who joined your game or what did they do to you instead of just showing up that u got hack by some players.Should work on achievements in steam as well as ubisoft.Price is affordable with discount.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,447040,28029041,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,товарищ картофел,Absolutely love it so far
76561198254558112,Recommended,447040,28525273,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Seby.Chefcases.com,It more better than Watch Dogs 1 ! I LIKE THIS GAME !!!!!
,Recommended,447040,28878242,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Leastvfx,Poor optimization.
,Recommended,447040,28881444,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Owlyneese ツ,This game is a bag of fun and would recommend especially if you have friends thats getting it or already have it. Its really fun and far superior to its 1st game (Watch Dogs.) This game was also far my expectations and the Main character (Marcus)  is the best predecessor from its original game and has really funny humor. DedSec (The team) is also Humerous and not so depressing as Aiden Pearse. The sunlight will beam on this game and stay like it to show it's a bright game and not trash. You should really buy this game and have a 'hot' feeling in San Fransisco!
,Recommended,447040,28890573,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pojomi,"TLDR: Bought the game for $40, definitely worth the 60 when the sale ends, IMO.  Campaign/side stuff is great fun.  Online could use some work.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I never played the original Watch_Dogs.  I heard a lot of hype about this sequel and that it didn't tie in with the original story so I kept Watch_Dogs 2 on my watch list.  I was reluctant to pay $60 for it and was very happy to see the winter sale price of $40.  I bought the game 3 days ago and have almost 34 hours on record now.The story was well written, while there was one particular character that didn't seem to play much of a role.  I heard the humor and culture was cringey, but I disagree.  I think it's just the right amount of geeky/gamer humor and wasn't overdone.  Story wasn't too long or too short.  I do wish it was slightly longer because I really want more of this game!I really really enjoy the fact that you can play through the story with whatever form of action you prefer (aggressor, trickster, ghost).  I completed the campaign without killing a single enemy (aside from some times when it was required).  The amount of skills you get for your RC jumper and quadcopter make them very resourceful.The online interaction has been a bit weak.  I don't have any friends that play on PC with me, but I frequently check ""LFG"" websites to group with people looking to accomplish the same stuff as me.  There is NO TEXT CHAT at all in this game, and you can only directly invite friends you have on UPlay.  There are tons of co-op missions to do online, but it's really aggravating that you can't communicate with your teammate unless you have a headset on.The online CONTENT has been fun.  With improvements on what I said above it would be great.  Short co-op missions with straightforward objectives, bounty hunter/fugitive pvp (very short encounters...not all that much fun IMO), hacking other players (fun, but happens a lot in free roam single player when you don't want it to...I recommend disabling in settings if you don't want online interruptions while playing)...With some tweaking, Watch_Dogs 2 multiplayer could be longer lived.I'm a bit disappointed at how easy it is to gain every achievement.  Mentioned above, I've had the game for 3 days and only have 2 achievements left to unlock.The one major complaint I have about this game is the controls with driving.  I play a good amount of GTAV and it isn't nearly as fluid.  It took a lot of getting used to.Compared to other reviewers, I didn't have any issues with the game running.  I'm running a GTX 960 and i7 2600.  Wasn't monitoring my frame rate, but felt pretty close to 60.Overall, I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for an open world, sandbox game that has a different feel than the other AAA titles out right now like GTAV."
,Recommended,447040,29061116,Posted: 6 January,all,Taystee est Dieu ツ,(Y)
,Recommended,447040,28879134,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PisspoTato,"tl;dr If you loved the first watch dogs for the hacking and gameplay, you would surely love this, especially with the improved story, hacking options and graphics. If you didnt, there is no harm in trying the game, as it is one of ubisoft's best games in recent years.I would rate this game 8/10, way better than the first watch dogs, but still not as good as the benchmark of openworld games, gta v.Note: If you are reading this in december-january before the release a new patch, do not get the game yet because of the current consistent crashing issue. Of the 27 hours i have played, i experienced more than 20 crashes, sometimes only after 30 mins of playing, sometimes after 4-5 hours. Its not unplayble, but nothing sucks more than having a game crash when you are so close in completing the objective of a super hard mission.When it comes to graphics, this game blows the first game away, and is one of the most beautiful open world games ever. In my opinion it is even better than an unmodded gta v, but its no surprise due to an almost 2 year gap. With Ultra settings and hbao+, pcss and san francisco fog turned on this game looks stunning. It is also pretty well optimized, mainly due to temporal filtering, however the gameworks does kill your fps, and I would not recommend turning it on if you care more about fps. I got around 40-60 fps with all settings set to ultra, as well as enabling hbao+, pcss shadows as well as san francisco fog with my gtx1070. I can easily hit 70-80fps with gameworks turned off.When it comes to hacking, it certainly feels more diverse, as if you are the one who is making the decisions. The controls might take time to get used to, and i recommend binding the hacking button to your side mouse button if you have a gaming mouse. While i still feel that some features feel limited, the arsenal of hacking tools provided this time gives a much more complete experience. Being able to hack vehicles as well as call hits on innocent civillians makes the hacking fun.When it comes to gameplay, it is more diverse than the original. It does help that the story is shorter, therefore it feels less repetitive. As most people would say, stick with stealth or gadgets, and try to be non lethal, at least not durectly gunning down enemies. Needing to sneak around and make use of my gadgets as well as the environment makes each mission unique thanks to the many different building layouts and there is nothing better than calling gang or police hits on your enemies, especially when the gangs end up wiping each other out. The world of san francisco is not only beautiful but it packs way more content than the original watchdogs. Missions range from preparing ambushes, controlling a giant spider, breaking into super secure locations and even an easter egg of helping aiden break out from the clutches of a local gang.Driving is fun, but not realistic. While it is an improvement over the original, it feels pretty ""arcady"" as many reviewers said, however with the ability to activate a nitro charge, I think the devs made the driving arcady on purpose. It is fun to drive around, though I would still prefer the driving of gta v. I personally feel that the driving in watchdogs 2 is alot easier when using a keyboard compared to gta v so if you are using a keyboard, the driving in this game might be easier for you.Not going to spoil the story, but this story is way more lighthearted, and there are more interesting characters in the game, with cutscenes with the villian dusan showing how the other side is faring, and Tbone coming back is amazing, though it would have been funny if tbone referenced aiden sometimes. There are missions which actually show the more human side of these hackers too, with a fellow hacker dying, causing marcus to seek revenge, as well as wrench getting kidnapped and having his mask stolen, and marcus actually risked himself to get his mask back. The protangonist as well as supporting characters are way more likable than the original.Some of the few things that I especially liked was being able to call hits on people by forging evidence, the presence of various gangs in san francisco who can start fights with each other, the areas with dense vegetation in the city as well as the recreation of famous buildings, or parodies of famous structures (maybe because i'm an architecture student and the details they put into this city sometimes make me just forget my mission and explore instead) and last but not least the parodies of real companies for examply google-nudle, facebook-!nvite etc, as well as parodies of public figures, for example mark thruss being a parody of donald trump.Is this game a must buy? Yes if you are a fan of the original, but if not, I would wait for a sale. If you are someone who likes good graphics and love to explore the city, someone who likes stealth missions which requires you to utilize your environments, love hacking and gadgets or love cyber jokes and cliches, some which might be pretty cringy, I would say get this game now. If you want to play a game only for the gunfights, this game is not for you. Compared to the first watch dogs and many games ubisoft released recently, this game is miles ahead of those, being enjoyable and fun from the start. It still has a long way to get to the level of gta v. Perhaps giving it more than 4 years to develop would result in a better game, but currently this game is amazing considering how it only took 2 years to develop."
,Recommended,447040,28981916,Posted: 3 January,all,catsaur,"This game is a mixed bag with pros and cons, and some that stand out the most are:Pros:Nice open worldMovement much better than GTA 5Skill TreesMany different hacking abilitiesThe use of dronesStealth missionsCharacter customizationStory was decentCons:AI is beyond annoying and dumbFPS drops down to 30 in intensive points of the game (Running GTX 970)Cutscene audio and video sometimes don't match wellMinor flops and glitches in the game occasionallyDriving seems a bit dumb downedYou can lose the cops super easily, and they drop chasing you as soon as you hideCombat is a little underwhelming, but understandable as this game focuses more on stealthThe whole ""hacker"" persona of being edgy and hipster was stupidVisuals and ""hacker expose videos"" of the game were a bit cringyHacking using those circles was meh, was hoping for more in depth hackingAfter you finish the ""story"" part of the game there are little missions and story seems irrelevant after.Because AI ruined the game for me so much, I have to talk about it more in depth. During stealth missions, the AI guarding a base for example can be pretty stupid and unrealistic. For example,  I can shoot a tazor at someone with no suspects and people from 20 ft behind walls will hear it. Whenever someone sees me, everyone flocks instantly to me even though no call/help for others was made before I tazor them with no one around. On the other hand, I can run in front of someone for 5 seconds, hide, and nothing happens. Little effort seems to have been put into AI and it really made the game annoying to play somtimes.Crashes and stuttering in fps were present throughout the whole game, and no graphical changes could fix it significantly. Even if I could play with 60fps on low, that's inexcusable for a 1500 dollar pc and you might as well play on console at that point.Overall, if the game is 50% off I'd say go for it if you like the pros and don't mind the cons. If I had a favorite thing about this game, the open world of the SF bay area is awesome and they did a nice job creating it. The AI has to be my least favorite thing about the game, and immersion was killed almost always from it. I wish I could give a middle thumb up because like I said, the game has many ups and downs. However I'll give it a recommendation because I still enjoyed the game if someone asked me."
76561198076341391,Recommended,447040,29920733,Posted: 14 February,all,Sss,"Pros: Great plot. Unique, satisfying gameplay - a true next-gen concept. One of the most entertaining games I've ever played... Unquestionably.Cons: Next-gen concept running on an old engine. How on earth dare a company as huge as Ubisoft still release AAA+ games under 8-year-old tech? I could only run it on very high settings @ ~60fps after upgrading to Skylake i7. DX12 games don't require that much grunt even for ultra settings."
,Recommended,447040,29353581,Posted: 19 January,all,c.c,"After playing some multiplayer and finishing the game, I thought it was pretty fun.Basically, you're put into an open world where you can pretty much hack everything. (you'll have to unlock some abilities though)You can't do story missions with a friend which kinda sucks to be honest.But the story missions (most of them) are fun and cool but some are mundane and boring.Playing co-op with random people isn't really the best choice so i reccommend getting a friend if you're planning to co-op.There are some online missions but they're not really cutscene filled and stuff and theres not much story to it so its kinda boring.Honestly, the story of the game is kinda the only fun thing of this game so.. yeah.Sry for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review."
,Recommended,447040,29169808,Posted: 10 January,all,Necro,"""DO YOU FEEL THE NEED?""""THE NEED FOR SPEED!"""
,Recommended,447040,28155415,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,boyfriend,"Watch Dogs 2 really puts the things that Watch Dogs failed to do into together.This is how Watch Dogs meant to be played.The gameplay, from hacking, stealth, combat to driving is straightforward and smooth.And instead of boring plain story line and characters, it learned lesson from the success of Mr.Robot.The game made the whole plot more cheerful and upbeat with some characters that have unique personalities whom you will actually care about."
,Recommended,447040,28033124,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KN,Nice Game!!!
,Recommended,447040,28670919,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kaspro #FREETAYK,What an amazing game!Pros:Graphics <33StoryPortOptimizationHacking toolsDrivingMissionsCo-opand many more(it would take ages to)Cons:I don't really know.. This game seems perfect to me ;d
,Not Recommended,447040,29264213,Posted: 14 January,all,Hawkes,Ubisoft Language Region Lock.Living temporarily in China -> Only in Chinese or Russian available.Really wanted to play the game. :(
,Recommended,447040,28023148,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Br3akn3ck,"Having Played Through The Main Missions and all of the side missions I can write a proper PC Review now.Watch Dogs 2 has done what the first game couldn't which is meet expectations. It Gives us things that most other games this year couldn't and is easily one of the Top 5 games this year (opinion of course but to be honest it probably still is in this area). It offers the experience the first game should have offered but even better.PROS:The Port:Lets think of one game this year that has had a really good PC Port, I'll tell you, There aren't many, Watch Dogs 2 has one of the best PC Ports this year which is why in terms of experience it was one of my favourites this year. I would always get a stable 60+ FPS never dropping at all. It runs smoothly and happily for me which is why unlike some other games with crap ports *cough* *cough* No Man's Sky, I can play it well and for long periods of time.The Story:The Story isn't top notch like for example Firewatch which is another candidate for my best game of 2016, but it is still good. I personally found the first Watch Dogs game to have good story but hey, Everyone has their own opinion. I liked the first game's story better than this one, but this one felt more unique. In the first game you simply went from one fight to the next, one hack to the next. In this game, it was more your choice. You Felt more like it was you doing these things. You would normally get 2 Main Missions to play and plenty of side missions which meant it felt like you were getting the choice. You really felt you were taking down all the corrupt companies and forces in this game which really appealed to me. The story is far from perfect but it is still quite good and worth playing.Graphics:Would you look at this? A game where Ubisoft didn't downgrade the graphics. The graphics look great in this game and if you want to go further and have a good PC you can get the Ultra HD Textures Pack. The game is beautiful in every way. All the textures really stood out to me and they enhanced the overall experience. If you want to know my specs I have a GTX 970, i7 6700K and 32GB RAM (more exact parts on my profile). The Graphics in this game are great and I'd wager one of the best games with these graphics that has come out this year.Drones:Something the first game didn't offer were these drones. These drones allowed you to do things you could never do in the first game which is really explore the layout of where you are trying to go. You can even use drones to do almost everything for you sometimes. They are really fun to use, especially the quadcopter (Have to buy that from 3D Printer) seeing as it can fly and gives the best view of the land around you. They add an element that the first game didn't have which was diversity of playing mechanics. With the drones you could distract people, hack things that you can't get to and even kill enemies (need an upgrade). The Drones are really fun and unique in this game.The Driving:Thank heavens. The Driving in this game is brilliant, better than the first game by a long shot. When you drive around you can actually get where you want to go relatively unscathed. It is very smooth and a lot more fun. It is very useful in car chases which is good that it is fixed.The Open World:If you included all the water, I think this map might be bigger or the same size as GTA V. Don't take my word for it. The game is huge, beautiful and far more memorable than Chicago was. With the big open world, the nice graphics and the good driving. It felt nice to just drive around everywhere rather than fast travelling which is always fun to do. It has a lot of unique environments and hey if you watched IEM Oakland you can visit the Oakland Arena (Blume Arena In-Game) and just take a look. You can visit the nudle campus (google of watch dogs) and steal the nudle car. You can do a lot of fun things in this massive open world. Edit: Isn't bigger than GTA VHacking:There was a lot more options in this game regarding hacking.  In the first game you usually had like one option per hackable object. In this game you have four options in for almost everything. There is also a lot more to hack, vehicles for example is a great touch. You feel more how the game wants you to feel. In a world where you can hack pretty much everything.Customisation:The Customisation in this game was great. You could choose all kinds of clothing to wear, all kinds of skins (there aren't very many but still quite a few) to use with your weapons and drones that make the player feel like everything is theirs. Their clothes, Their guns, Their drones. It adds that bit of customisation which players will really like which is always great to see in a game and something that the first game didn't really use.Negatives:Enemy AI:This always bugged me in my experience. The AI was always rather odd in certain situations and sometimes just unthinkably annoying. Sometimes an enemy would just lock on to me when he couldn't see me and kill me. Also the heavily armoured enemies are annoying if you don't have a good weapon. I have sometimes shot them 10 times in the face and they wouldn't die. This isn't really an issue but I thought I would address it.Vehicle Distinctness and Variety.There seemed to be a lot more vehicles then the first game but the problem I had with this game is that a lot of the vehicles looked very similar to even the same meaning there were barely any distinct features to tell them apart. The Performance cars were identifiable but apart from some motorbikes they were really the only ones. This isn't much of an issue either but it means the game has less memorability.Conclusion:Watch Dogs 2 succeeds where the first game failed and gave us a much better and more fun experience to enjoy. There are some negatives that may may annoy some people but from this PC port and the game itself comes an experience worth having.Replayability: HighRating: 9/10"
,Recommended,447040,29035305,Posted: 5 January,all,RayOnGemzz,"Great game, worth the upgrade from the original watchdogspros=story is much bettercharacter is way better than aidenstealth is way bettergraphics looks pretty goodconsenemy is kinda annoying sometimes while stealthinguplay sometimes dcframe drops when drivingnot that great of a port but not horrible so its kinda at the midvery squishy characters health"
,Recommended,447040,32541789,Posted: 18 June,all,Ryan,"An amazing sequel, improved so many features from the original watch dogs and added so many new things, graphics are amazing as an added bonus the free ultra texture pack is ****ing great!"
,Recommended,447040,31087462,Posted: 11 April,all,omae wa mou shindeiru,"What can I say....?The world is huge ✓The graphics are amazing ✓ (even if i played in low XD)The story is magnificent and full of different feelings ✓The controls are enjoyable and the driving is pretty realistic and feels great too ✓The only thing i didn't like about the Gameplay was the auto-aim-line wich appeard between you and everything you can hack. After taking a deeper Look in the settings. I was able to turn it Off. Then ist was way more clearly. While we speak about hacking - you can hack nearly everything... EVERYTHING!!! Smartphones, cars, every camera, Road locks, exploding gas lines, cranes, lifting platforms and much more. I haven't played the first watch dogs, but watchdogs 2 exceeded my expectations like NO game before :)I got it in a sale for 35€ and i'd have regretted it if i didn't bought it.Im playing ist now for nearly two weeks, have 41 hours in record and I was finished Sith the primary missions at 35 hours. Nie i still have over 20 secondary missions to do.I recommend buying this fantastic game for its touching story, the well done caracters, the beautiful designed Cars and vehicles, the controls and gameplay​ and the magnificent implementation of San Francisco.My favourite caracter is wrench by the way  :D10/10 PointsHave an awesome day and good bye !"
,Recommended,447040,28573956,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,IronDuck,"Best game in a long time. This is what Watch Dogs 1 should have been in the first place in my opinion. So many details to make the world feel so real and authentic!Replia of Los Angeles, including alcatraz and Silicon Valley too. What else can one ask for?"
76561198335073390,Recommended,447040,29112768,Posted: 8 January,all,inov,"this game its amazing,crazy hacker,hacked everywherei love it!"
76561198156341574,Recommended,447040,29274517,Posted: 15 January,all,AHotDogThatCameToLife,"So, I got Watchdogs 1 a few days after the release (on xbox 360). It was good. Graphics were decent storyline was ok after beating it twice, well you know a decent ubisoft game. I Still love to this day, but man it is crap compared to Watchdogs 2.Watchdogs 2 is such a beautiful game! Just an open-world-ish design of cali. I feel like some of it was rushed but i am still gonna act like the game is ""new"" when I am writing it.So lets get into the info you should knowI run it a 45-100 fps with a gtx 1080 and i7 6700 on ultraSo you can figure out if you can run itPros;-very fun-pretty graphics-so many styles you can play-A FRICKING TAZER-honestly a great story-new cars-Alot that i could go on forCons;-Careless bugs that could be easely fixed-some things cant be destroyed but sometmes can?!?!??!?!-cops are still more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than a bag of rocks-drone sometimes glitches and goes boomOverall an amazing game, hopefully ubisoft can count to 3, unlike valve, and someday we will have a even better watchdogs 3Comment i want constructive critism on my reviews, wanting to get better at making them!"
,Recommended,447040,30739552,Posted: 25 March,all,Blind,"It really is a great game especially if you are already interested in hacking/computer security in the first place. There are times I wish that realistic approaches to hacking were shown instead of sticking your phone up to an electrical box, but the gameplay is interesting enough to overlook that. I feel like most people didn't give this game a chance because of how terrible the first was, but you won't regret trying it."
,Recommended,447040,33269323,Posted: 5 July,all,ImmortalIronFist,I love this game.
,Recommended,447040,29866993,Posted: 11 February,all,Quarks&Quasars™,"definitely better than watch dogs 1The game is more colorful than watch dog 1's grey and sad looking enviornment.If you enjoyed wd1 there's a chance you won't find it good enough and if you didn't like wd1 then you might like this one o.OThis game has a lot of stuffs to do.The story is kinda boring and repetitive.The ending seems very obvious after first mission.In some missions, it tries very hard to make the mission hard, like putting a LOT of armored gunmen.co op is amazing.graphics looks gorgeous.Map is highly detailed, probably the most detailed map I've ever playedIt has dogsMarcus Holloway is a hipster and a hacker, the fusion of two is vague.The lack of history of him also makes the protagonist hollow in some way.I'll give it 8.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,29106447,Posted: 7 January,all,Draft,1+
76561198181298305,Recommended,447040,28155411,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Aladden,"After The Division, I thought Ubisoft can never produce a great game again.I WAS WRONG.At the beginning I got this game just to see what new stuff they added into the series, I personally liked Watch Dogs depsite its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving mechanics and awkward story, but Watch Dogs 2 takes it to a new level. While Watch Dogs started out pretty weird, Watch Dogs 2 started out with a single, straight-forward goal and defines the protagonist and DedSec fantastically: they had one single goal: to take down Blume, while in Watch Dogs, though I cannot remember specifically, the protagonist seemed to be in multiple places, which is bad. After some 20 hours of playtime I finished its plot, though I must say I expected the ending to be a little more majestic.I haven't tried out the multiplayer yet, I heard it is amazing, I did got randomly invaded by some guy once but I was able to shook him off and it is 100% seamless, it came suddenly.Below is a summary of some pros and cons just for bystanders to look at, just like DedSec said, this review given you the pros and cons, do what you will.Pros:-Expanded hacking features, when you profile someone you can hack his bank account, get botnet (hacking resources) from him, you can even frame him for some crime and watch the SWAT team arrive and arrest him, utilities also expanded their hacking features such as you can set a proximity activation on them, using them as traps, and so on. There is a long list which I do encourage you to find out yourself because I am telling you there a some pretty interesting things you can do with just one single thing. In a side mission you can even swat a streamer.-Quadcopter and RC rover, the addition of these bring new playstyle to the game, with them you can practically complete your objective with yourself outside the mission area, the controls on them are also very smooth.-Improved driving experience, MUCH MUCH BETTER than Watch Dogs.-As I mentioned, story and characters are pretty well done, the antagonist however, not so much.-Easter Eggs! So many easter eggs are included in this game just to add that extra layer of fun to it.-Music selection. I have to say I can't really decide whether this is a pro or con: it is a pro because you can choose your BGM from the in-game selection, which is all fine, but the con is that you cannot create your own playlist to play in game.-Improved phone: new features, you can 'download' apps into your phone now.-Customization, various clothing selections, car paint jobs, etc.Despite all that pro, this game do have some CON:-Performance issues, stuttering when driving, it really kills immersion from time to time, but Ubisoft may fix this in the future.-Story is somewhat too 'politically correct', but does not influence immersion, nor is it radical, and at its core the message is probably generally acceptable.-A slight weakness in the story: the antagonist, despite having his allies attacking all over, does nothing to retaliate and instead he just do yoga the whole day, and the one time he retaliates is easily countered by DedSec. In fact DedSec and the protagonist hardly meets any opposition plot-wise.-Missions can be repetitive over time.-Enemies are all brutes, there are no 'technical' enemies that can counter your hacks or hack you during combat, diminishes challenge during gameplay.I haven't try multiplayer yet, so I can't say much about it, but what I can tell you about it is that it is truly seamless.Overall this game deserves recognition, and I can't wait to see what Ubisoft have to offer in the DLC."
76561198176750442,Recommended,447040,28816694,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dtfrank,Ay that's pretty good
,Recommended,447040,29706915,Posted: 4 February,all,Jam,"Open world game set in San Francisco gives hours of good fun. I wouldn't say that it's worth the price though. If it's on sale, it's worth a try.PROS:- Likeable characters and memorable story- Hacking abilities are unique and funCONS:- Not good for multiplayer fans, it's a single player game trying to be online.- There's not much to do after completing the story- Optimisation could be better"
,Recommended,447040,29316703,Posted: 17 January,all,Protocol Cringe.Exe 🔊,"Watch_Dogs 2 is an incredibly fun game that is a huge step up from the first Watch Dogs, It is full of a lot of great humour and extremely well, 'meta' missions in some cases, especially that freaken Ubisoft mission oh my lord, It is a game that knows it's meta and makes fun of it, you even hear Marcus say ""that is so meta"" at one point in a mission throughout the game and it's full of many enjoyable characters which is good because well you don't want to play as a character you don't know anything about right? It has characters such as Wrench who is often the one who says the humourous tid bits of dialogue, you also have Sitara, Josh, Horatio and later on Raymond Kenny, this makes up for the hacking group of Dedsec.The main villian/enemy in this game is a great character that you'd like and by like I mean, you're gonna love killing him, he's an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but a loveable one, like The Joker except we like the Joker, the enemy in Watch_Dogs 2 is someone that you just really feel like you're going to throughoughly enjoy killing, maybe it's the man bun or maybe it's just the character as a whole but you're definitely gonna love killing the man.Watch_Dogs 2 is also a game which shows a lot of representation which is sometimes lacking in video games, it's got probably the most representation i've seen for a AAA game in recent years with a character that is Trans and a character which I believe has autism (correct me on that if i'm wrong) that are in the main line up of characters and the biggest one is that two of the main characters are POC including Marcus, This is a lot of representation for a lot of groups of people and personally I like that, more AAA games need that these days.Watch_Dogs 2 is an incredibly fun game and everything in it seems to be highly enjoyable from the main missions with HAUM and Nudle (that's google in this game) to the side missions where you hack into Ubisoft, yes, that's right, Ubisoft, as in the creators of this game, I told you, 'meta'. This game is incredibly fun and enjoyable and it's very easy to lose track of time while playing it, it's just that fun, you could've been playing for a couple minutes, maybe a few hours, it might've been weeks or years since you started but you'll still love playing this game, from the sense of humour to the 'meta' aspects of the game to the whole aspect of the game, it can give you hours upon hours of fun without you even selecting a mission or you could go through hours and hours of story without even realising you'd been playing until 3 in the morning.Watch_Dogs 2 is set in San Francisco, California, America and honestly, compared to how Chicago looked in the first game, this one just looks a lot better, it almost feels as if Ubi have made a completely different game and put the same title on it but honestly i'm okay with that because it looks a lot better, the whole world has a lot of life in it from the AIs that sing and busk on the streets to the AI that insults you for whatever clothes you're wearing, everyone in the game world feels like they're actually alive and real and not just deadass AI and that makes the game a lot more fun and the setting of San Fran, well, let's just say it's beautiful to look at some times, the game world is just gorgeous and driving along the Golden Gate Bridge just, it's a gorgeous game world and I love that. Another thing about the game world which some people may disagree on is the murals and paintings they've set up all over the place, the pieces of street art included in the Scout_X that you can take pictures of combined with some of the streets being planted with rainbow and the rainbow flags that be seen, it's a very pleasing visual to the eyes. The only visual downfall this game has is when you go into one of the modes (I've forgotten what it's called but it's the one that makes the whole screen greyish), It puts such a visual strain on the eyes that it can often be very painful to use for some people, it's a very quick leap from bright and colourful to just a staticy grey that can really hurt the look of the game and it's often needed at times to see what the player needs to do to hack into and complete an area.Is this game worth full price? In my opinion, yes. Watch_Dogs 2 can give you hours upon hours of fun, even after you've fully completed the game and you'll definitely get your moneys' worth out of it.Is the DLC worth full price? If you like cosmetics, yes. The two DLC that I bought in this game was the ""Pixel Art"" and the ""Punk Rock"" DLC packs and they may seem pricey but when you see Marcus in that Pixel Art shirt with all the characters in chibi form and wrenching flipping you off, well, it looks pretty damn good and then seeing that Punk Rock Dedsec car alongside the punk rock outfit that Marcus has on, well it makes him look incredibly badass and it just makes everything you do seem a lot more badass, oh no I hacked into that car and crashed it into a cop but I still look badass posing for the camera as if nothing happened.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone and everyone and if you don't want to play it, well that's okay, It is a very pricey AAA game with a few small issues but overall it's an incredibly enjoyable and fun game and I'd definitely recommend you at least give it a shot if you're even remotely interested in it."
,Recommended,447040,29105153,Posted: 7 January,all,Scarce,Should have been the first watch dogs.
76561197963838646,Recommended,447040,28552682,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gargamel,"Why do pc users always seem to get shafted lately with bad optimizations? This must be the dawn of the console. I just got this game and so far the game play is pretty fun but I spent most of my watch dogs 2 experience trying to figure out the right video specs and no matter the route I take, from ultra at 3840x2160 to low at 1920x1080 Im getting massive frame drops. I'll recommend this solely on the gameplay and I've enjoyed the hacking and open world so far but man it gets frustating when you drop over a grand on a gaming pc but have to deal with broken games, Im looking at you dishonored 2. If anyone who is playing this with no issues please shoot me some advice cause even with nvidia's recommendations I cant seem to find that sweet spot.For reference this is my rig:Intel i5 6500 3.2ghz16GB DDR4 2400GTX1070 SCSamsung 850 SSD"
,Recommended,447040,28033622,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Trahax | ezlevelup.net,"Absolutely amazing, so much better than the first. Runs amazing, character development is great. Overall really good game and I recommend anyone to buy it."
76561198103252321,Recommended,447040,33336803,Posted: 7 July,all,Esquire247,"TLDR; Has some flaws and optimization could be improved, but is so much fun it is definently worth a buy.Watch_Dogs 2 was a game that i completed in Janurary of 2017 but completely forgot to review. Let me get this straight, watch dogs 2 does not come close to the kind of story or variety of missions in  GTA V and it doesn't try to, and Boy is it fun. The way i found most fun to play this game by far is to play it stealthy with no kills unless you are killing with hacking. My friends who played this game guns blazing did not enjoy this games missions nearly as much as i did because the gun mechanics are not all that great. However if you play with just the tazer, melee, gadgets such as the drone, and rc car, aswell as use of hacking in anyway you will be in for a great time. The games missions usually have you get into this place hack this and get out, but each of these missions is your hacking playground, and hack the planet you shall.The port is fine but optimization could have been done better as i am running a 980TI and an I7 6700 and on near maxed out settings (antialliasing turned down and textures + shadows on high, motion blur off) this game would sometimes drop quite a bit below 60 fps in crowded missions. The game would also barely go above 60fps, but all in all watch dogs 2 is farely well optimized.Watch_dogs 2 is all in all a game worth picking up as it is an open world game that does not suffer severly from open world syndrome and it is leaps and bounds better than the first title in the franchise. I picked it up in the steam winter sale 2016 for 40 dollars, took me 30 hours to complete and it was well worth it at that price with my dollar to hour ratio at $1.33 an hour which is very reasonable (not that i personally care about dollars to hours as in my opinion the fun you have is much more important than the amount of time it takes). The game does have multiplayer which i spent around about 3 hours messing around with my friend in, But i would not really see the multiplayer as a selling point due to the online missions getting old pretty quickly. All in all it is a great experience that left me having fun from beginning to end."
,Recommended,447040,28111404,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jesec,"Generally, this game is pretty nice. It provides a glance at future tech life with creative view.Pros:1. Nice PC optimization.2. Excellent graphics and other effects.3. Rich story line. (It takes about 14+ hrs to complete the mainline.)4. Creative view and outstanding hacking system.Cons:1. Pretty simple (and a bit boring?) game experience. (only hack, steal, and escape) (I feel every mission is the same, same game with different map. :P)2. Combat and stealth system could be further improved.3. Multiplayer mode is not good enough. (but i think Ubi will improve it soon.)Suggestions:1. More multiplayer modes.2. More Assassin/Knock-out ways. (Like double/triple assassin, drop assassin in AC)etc.I have not completed mainline when i wrote this review. I will update my review ASAP after i completed mainline."
,Recommended,447040,28126481,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,cool -iwnl-,This game is freaking awesome fun advanched and so so funny!!! :D
,Recommended,447040,28705699,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sketch,"This game is so awesome! It is really accurate to San Francisco/Oakland, I know because I live near and go there all the time.Probably my favorite game :)"
76561198060906682,Recommended,447040,28259740,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,LeFunS1de,If you can not afford ᴀɪᴍᴡᴀʀᴇ.ɴᴇᴛ       Buy This Game :^)
,Recommended,447040,28126916,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FallenDeity,A huge step up from the first game. I feel like this is the game Ubisoft wanted to make originally but do to hype and time restraints was released a bit lack luster. This is an Amazing sequel and a must buy. Amazing optimization on PC as well.
,Recommended,447040,33329066,Posted: 6 July,all,Spiffo,I hope one day our armies on the front lines are as skilled as these hacking hipsters in combatStrange how its runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on the dedicated graphics cards O_OGood job Nvidia
,Recommended,447040,33948211,Posted: 1 August,all,bar.niv2000,"This game is one of the best games I played it's amusing, the story is so interesting the graphics are mind blowing and every thing als in the game is crazy and fun too, really recommended  -  very very good game.thank you Ubisoft for this game."
,Recommended,447040,28626764,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Angry Gamer,What! ubisoft making gr8 games again huh didn't know this was going to happen.
,Recommended,447040,29334643,Posted: 18 January,all,[xTHCx]HandzoShimada,Pros-car driving is much better-has cool story-has intresting chracters-good open world to explore-co op is fun but sometimes has problems-great soundtracks and songscons-because its ubisoft you need a good graphics card to play-the story of the game is short-shoting is still bad-bad ubisoft servers-called for a car and it spawned under the ground :D good job ubi-co op missions repeat them self(not a big problem cuz some of the missions are hard)-in the future ubisoft will add more missions but it will be accesble only by buying season passthis is the list of the bad things and good things that i met when playing the gamemaybe i will add more to the listoverall not a bad game 9/10
,Recommended,447040,29334165,Posted: 18 January,all,KozoroZieg,Fantastic !10/10
,Recommended,447040,28626851,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hankinson's Jammy Dodger,rly good lol
76561198213794809,Recommended,447040,29001303,Posted: 4 January,all,✪mangeee csgoboss.com,best game of 2016  good fun and lot of things to do
,Recommended,447040,28582349,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chrissuebacca,Love this game; so much to do in every corner. The story is awsome and I give it a big thumbs up!
,Recommended,447040,29335857,Posted: 18 January,all,CrayZ,"+Nice Locations (Companies, interiors, server farms)+ScoutX (Awesome Virtual Tourism)+NPC tech chatter+Driving (much better than WD1)+Emotes (Spent quite some time dancing and cheering)+Parkour (SO FLUID)+Characters and Dialogues with tech nonsense (my type)+Can Stealth through the campaign+Keyboard Controls are very well thought of and the UI-This game is quite boring after the campaign. They should go with mod support to extend its life.-I don't like the multiplayer much. PERSONAL.-Horatio, he isn't in most team cutscenes, comes and goes once in the between, comments on ScoutX even after you finish the game.-PC performance issues (it seems the game isn't scalable, no major performance difference between low and high on my GTX 960M 4GB ~ GTX 750 Ti performance)-Extreme driving stutter (seems fixed with the new patch now, will play again)They should've fleshed out the core DedSec members flashbacks, would make for a nice DLC. All their backstories set in different locations are something not properly/never explored in games. Just a small rant though.The game is really good.8/10 would play the campaign again. And please Ubisoft, get a new Engine which is more scalable with mod support for WD3. Also, as a tech-related game, try to make a couple of missions set in a different continent, albeit in a tech focused city."
76561198008302916,Recommended,447040,28030193,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dirtyCAT,"Big fan of watchdogs 1.Wasn't sure on the more bubblegum aesthetic and move away from the grit of the first game - but turns out its way more fun.Basically a big playground with lots to find, unlock, collect. Hardly touched the main missions yet. Having a tonne of fun invading other players to stalk and eventually hack them. Climbing around to collect rewards and enjoying the game world.Story is fairly engaging.Most importantly it runs beautifully for me on Ultra settings.Titan X, AMD 8350, 16gb  @1920x1080Will upscale at some point and refine the settings but its running really well on Ultra straight out of the box with nothing other than clicking 'optimal settings' in the game menu."
,Recommended,447040,32274431,Posted: 8 June,all,Anarchinine,"Considering the poor reviews that the predecessor received, you'd be a little wary before going in for the ""GTA Wannabe"". Now I've played Watch Dogs (not on Steam, but Uplay), and the game has its strong and weak points. Does Watch Dogs 2 remove the weak and increase the strong ? Somewhat, but it is more of a case of reversing the good and bad from Watch Dogs 1.Plot - The plot, as anyone would have guessed from the trailers, revolves around a bunch of ""script kiddies"" who are out to take down an all-pervasive and corrupt corporation. One thing that WD1 had was a storyline that, while following the revenge angle faithfully, had a tonne of twists. Each hero, even that withered mob boss, had shades of grey that made the storyline both compelling as well  as complex. Twists,  like the one involving Pearce's  former accomplice,  are truly surprising and make you question the various premises of the game without losing interest in any of them.The problem with the plot of WD2 is that it lacks the good stuff from the first game. You hack in here, expose this,  have a beer with your DedSec friends and the villain tries to trip you over. Rinse and repeat. Despite Sitara's constant ""remember the real goal"" attitude, the whole gig seems  more of a ""script kiddie"" thing than one that involves actual risks, corruption and moral ambiguity. In fact, not once during the entire plotline did I feel that I was doing something morally questionable or worth pondering over. Matters aren't helped by a rather insipid Blume leadership (more on this below) that lacks the cool menace of that mob boss (or the moral conflict of Pearce's ex-accomplice). Ubi tries to throw in a few twists, as when *spoiler* it kills of Horatio all of a sudden (no explanation provided) *spoiler ends* or when the main Blume leader throws a monkey wrench into Marcus' plans.Overall result is an insipid story that sounds less like ""save the world from an evil corporation"" than "" hack and have a few beers"".Rating - 2/5Characters - If there was one thing that WD1 was taken to the gallows for (apart from cheating on graphics), it was lacklustre performance of Aiden Pearce. But that was pretty much the only lacklustre performance. Who can forget BadBoy aka Clara Lille, who pretty much lit up the entire canvas of the game with her own moral conflicts and rather relatable persona. Or Iraq, the gang leader who has his reasons  for doing what he does. Or that scene involving the famous line - ""Have you talked to your mother ? Your girlfriend?"" Raymond Kenney was another shining star, with his own guilt over having  a role in creating Blume. So if Pearce was deadpan, the remaining cast was a rioit of colour.I mentioned that WD2 reverses things, and nowhere is it more true than here. Marcus Holloway is the epitome of the cool ""homie"" guy who has his problems but is also very friendly and just, well, ""cool"". He has a one-liner for every situation, rarely loses his composure and solves problems from the back of his hand. Yet that's pretty much where the great stuff ends. Sitara is a great addition, though by now you'd think female characters in male-dominated groups would be a little more diverse than ""keep your eyes on the job and stop fooling around so much"". She has her own brand of colour aka spray paint, but you never quite go into her back story or relate to her the way WD1 took us into Clara's life. In fact, Sitara is at best a pale shadow of Clara and the game is content to keep it that way. What a pity.The others - Wrench, Horatio and Josh - also end up as caricatures. The  game shows promise when it goes into Wrench's back story a bit, but it ends with Holloway pretty much saying that Wrench should be Wrench and leaves it at that. Horatio is a needless addition who only makes one point - life is hard for a black guy in Silicon Valley. Fair point mate, but couldn't you be a little more interesting ? Josh is another wasted exercise. An autistic guy with a difficult past, he could have been used as a counterweight to Wrench more effectively. Lastly, Raymond Kenney turns up a hippie beer-swigging dude who seems more like the owner of a hard rock bar than the venerable hacker WD1 showed him to be.The enemies are also, in a word, boring. Dusan, the CTO of Blume, is a yoga-loving guy who simply lacks the menace of a villain. In fact, he seems to be trying as hard to be the coolest villain around, and in doing so, really waters down the image of Blume. Even in the ending scene, he seems to be just, ""cool"", giving the game none of the pathos one felt while  slowly destroying the pacemaker in the boss' heart.Rating - 1/5Gameplay - Gameplay of WD1 was good, and WD2 takes it several notches higher. The biggest additions are of course, the remote controlled devices. These nifty gadgets are so awesome that I deliberately spent hours completing missions without even bringing Marcus into the restricted areas until the very end. In fact, some of the co-op missions I played saw my partner getting frustrated at this slow and sneaky approach. But hell, when you can drop remotely detonated devices, call in cops or goons on fake charges and unlock stuff without involving Marcus himself, why not ?Another great addition is the inclusion of custom guns. WD has never been high on combat - it seems to suggest that combat should be the option only when you've given up on hacking. Yet they've included some new weaponry (ostensibly Wrench-ed from standard military gear). While costly, these make for entertaining Just Cause like gameplay as and when you're in the mood. Marcus isn't exactly a bullet sponge, but he can hold out for a while if he has the right guns. As usual, ammunition is hardly a problem.The upgrade ladder also has some great innovations. Instead of giving you each skill on a platter, the game requires you to find key data at certain points on the map before you can unlock specific skills. These are usually higher-end skills that you would want in order to have complete mastery over a certain  aspect of the game. Collecting these, and the research points scattered across the map, involves a fair deal of puzzle solving. Mostly, you'd need to combine quadcopter and jumper in a way that achieves the goal, and this can be incredibly fun if you're into puzzle solving.The more standard puzzle solving exercises aka node unlocking, returns in 3D form. In simpler words, the game requires you to fly/jump around the physical world to unlock the nodes. This, in some cases, makes for difficult work. Once you have the quadcopter though, life is a lot easier. Again, a welcome addition.A special mention must be made of multiplayer. While I really hadn't explored multiplayer in the first game, I do have reason to believe they have improved it a lot. Co-op missions  involving downloading data, stealing hard drives, etc., can be incredibly amusing, especially if both have voice chat enabled. Presumably the developers assumed that gamers would work out strategies for taking on heavily guarded compounds. Instead, we simply head in, each his own emperor, and end up blowing the roof off (metaphorically).Other aspects, like Showdown, create 2v2 games that are a lot like the CounterStrike battles and can be entertaining if you can find enough people to play with. As things stand, you may have to run a few errands before you get three other players to join you for a showdown. Ditto for races.Lastly, honourable mention to hacking operations that are the WD equivalent of Ezio trying hard to blend in and not be detected. Bounty hunts are also fun, though again, they are remarkably rare and usually the target is dead before you even reach the scene.Rating - 4Overall, the gameplay remains fresh though the storyline is a letdown. If you want an open world where each mission has a thousand ways of being solved, but don't care two finks about the storyline, this game is for you.Final rating - 4/5"
,Recommended,447040,28052551,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mosaic,"Running great on my high end machine. Seems optimized pretty well and so far the gameplay and story seem really good. Already better than Mafia 3. More fun, better running, and cool areas to explore."
76561198151483200,Recommended,447040,34520038,Posted: 26 August,all,Timberwolf,"The story is passable, but definitely bearable and doesn't take itself too seriously. The gameplay is where all the fun is at. Beautiful game and very polished, but a little demanding graphics-wise. Animation, movement and combat are very fluid.Lots of variety and a very detailed world. It might not be of Grand Theft Auto quality, but it is a massive improvement from the first game and I 100% recommend it even at full price."
,Recommended,447040,34521054,Posted: 26 August,all,Docmare,"I really just go this game so I could walk around San Fransico and say ""hey I've been there!"""
,Recommended,447040,34543379,Posted: 27 August,all,AwkwardScreeching,"This game is a great pick for hardcore gamers. This is my first Watch_Dogs game and I didn't really set high hopes for it, but after playing through the story, I can say for certain that this game is incredibly charming, and even cute at some moments, but other than that, violent and emotional. Not that that's a bad thing. It gets way too meta though sometimes, but not where it's annoying. Definitely Ubisoft's best game, besides lag. A WHOLE LOT OF LAG. So, in conclusion, you'll be wanting a hell of a lot more.8/10 Needs more Wrench"
76561198239841550,Recommended,447040,34574109,Posted: 29 August,all,Klaraty,much better then the first watchdogs much much better.
,Recommended,447040,29363921,Posted: 19 January,all,ASID_CAT_SLAYER,"Watch dogs 2 let players feel the control and dominate the world around it and it did it very amazing with so much fun.You can play missions and do objective in various way and even without stepping inside mission area or avoid guns.Hack a car to destory it or use dorne to destory it or may be high powred sniper will work orrrr..go the traditional way to complete objective.Do parkour to get your way in...I absolutly love the parkour animations and it has different types of interations with world. Parkour is so smooth and fluid that makes the game fast pace if you want.With gang or police call skill on any NPC will do enough distraction to make your way to objective..Use blackout to make infiltration more easy at night.If you want to play clean way or non-letheal dont worry this game has taser and stun grenades.And how can i forget about profiling NCP...this is good when profiling NCP in alleys and backyards or a iconic spot.Selfie is an amazing way to keep more engaging in world activites.I also love the level design because thats how you play your way in with parkour because running is just boring now.Love the customization on marcus and his assests specially 3D printed guns. A good match to its theme of funky childish hackers.I always complete mission without ever stepping inside by using drone and cameras this is sooooo absolutely fun doing it. It almost feels hacker on action.Driving mechanics seems good to me with lovely paint jobs...Skills sets are more varried and opened to different type of play which is why i like the most TRICKSTER SET.Stealth mechanics is fine and too easy [ i mean you can distract a gaurd and go right away near his sight and acts like he didnt even see anything ] but only thing that bothers me when i get detected by single enemy for 1 sec. then everyone on map get alerted this is so frustating for highly fast paced stealth mission.Also there is NO UNLOCK THE TOWER OR BASE type activity to make fast travel avaliable in game as im so fed up with it in every ubisoft game.I also love other side activites but they are too short to play.Multiplayer is fun but too repititive like side mssions.- Online invasion is just wrongly played...i mean invasion is like cat and mouse not use NET HACK [ a ability to see enemies and objective in different contrast to make is easy for players ] and drone to find invader, This is no fun.WATCH DOG 1 online invasion is more fun like cat and mouse. You really need to find invader and invader is constantly moving is hiding spot according to victicm postions.- COOP mission is same as main mission and also few of them to play or less variety with not more than 3 hours of COOP content.- Bounty hunting- the only thing good here is bounty and its fun to play with a friend when you become the hunted. LOVE IT and LOVE IT MORE WITH T-BONE BUS and TURBO LOVER SONG- Sh0wD0wn- wow wow wow,,,wowowowowowow.... i love this mode because this is very diffrent from main game or other online mission. A total 4 players in 2-2 group fighting each other to hack or defend or to download it first or take it first all of this in a specfied area to make it even like team-death matchTHIS MAKES IT SO THRILLING THAN BOUNTY...- Love the DLC human condtions ..overall 9.5/10but need more online content as it gets more repetitive in time.- Sound track is lift AF.YOU CAN FEEL THE DOMINATION OF HACKER IN YOUR HANDS.- wrench mask ...i need thisCONS -- Need content for online- Need stealth refinery- Random crashes sometimes ...very rarely- Anti-cheat system is mess- Random dissconnection form multiplayer- Not very big game can be completed in 15-20 hours for 60$ game.- showdown matchmaking takes more time to start because less users playing this game."
76561198215919127,Recommended,447040,28919074,Posted: 1 January,all,nadaras,i tried to remotly drive a car into a gane member and hit myself. 10/10 would die for the good of humanity again.no but seriously the game is great
76561198072101244,Recommended,447040,28839629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lowkeyfatfuck,the game is cool and funnbut if you gona play whit some one thay cud  get disconekt when you play tugeder game cud get better onlineit is good game and i rate it 8/10 beckus the online problem.
,Recommended,447040,28840051,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Portiepoo,"Didn't expect to love this game as much as I did. To my surprise, loved the characters and the story, which didn't take itself too seriously at certain points, but had enough charm to keep itself from being one cluster-meme as people thought it would be during the marketing.I paid £27 for this on sale, and it took me 35 hours. I'm pretty certain I have never experienced a tripple-A title which took more hours to beat than the money spent.Solid 9/10 for me. It's not a perfect game. For example, the stealth detection was fairly pathetic, which forced me to drop my completely non-lethal playstyle mid-way. However, on sale, it was a complete steal."
,Recommended,447040,34986629,Posted: 15 September,all,Amélie,I haven't grown to like a game this much in a long time. They really get every cultural reference on the money. If you're from the bay area I reccomend this game just for the jokes. A great way to finish the summer 8/10.
,Recommended,447040,28735253,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Callekun/Munkemanden,Its a really good game if you like the gta kind of open world with hacking in itCons-If you play gta you will have to get used to the driving its really weird compared to gta 5-It might be hard to learn some of the mechanics in this game-Doesnt quite feel like watch dogs 1-The skill tree doesent give you that many options that are usefull and feels a bit dullPros+Great grapichs+Great Characters+Story that actually makes you care+I hit a solid 60 to 80 fps most of the times on high settings with a gtx 980Neutral~ You can disable multiplayer aspects of the game~ I kinda miss the seriousness of the first one though that is just my opinionFinal score8/10
76561198079314787,Recommended,447040,28840045,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mr.Banana Grabber,This game is very good and if you pre-ordered you get to hunt ted cruz. 10/10 would play again!
,Recommended,447040,30027477,Posted: 18 February,all,Spacegoat,"Watch_Dogs 2 delivers on every aspect that Watch_Dogs fell short in. Graphics, gameplay, and a refreshing soundtrack and atmosphere make this game relatable and relevant to its target audience. If you see bitter people referring to it as ""trashy millenial pandering"", just ignore them. What's pandering about commentary on real life issues, with real, relatable characters?If you're massively triggered by POC or people with mental illnesses bucking stereotypes, a fat villian who's weight is never brought up, the concept that being gay is literally a non-issue, or the idea that the rapidly encroaching Big Brother corporate and government society is right around the corner and also a violation of basic human rights, this game isn't for you.♥♥♥♥ off back to reddit then."
,Recommended,447040,30029651,Posted: 19 February,all,Surgex,"This is the best game I have ever played. Absolutely fantastic, a thousand steps in the right direction. Watch_Dogs 2 is a unique gaming experience not to be overlooked."
,Recommended,447040,30021388,Posted: 18 February,all,space_loner,Improves upon the first game in every way. The caricature of silicon valley and bay area life is unsettlingly accurate. Definitely more fun if you work in tech or live in the area.
76561198309349619,Recommended,447040,28743605,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,STIGTHERACER77,"Watch_Dogs_2 is a really cool and challenging game that really let's you have fun and complete all the different missions almost anyway you could ever want to. All in all, Watch_Dogs_2 is a great game and I definitely recommend it!.BTW, you can save 3 ""worlds"" at a time."
,Recommended,447040,28110494,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WhoToTrus,UBISOFT DID IT!A GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,447040,28903421,Posted: 1 January,all,.Nexus,"After finishing the main story and completing most side missions, I think I can review this game somewhat. The game is very nice looking where even on low it looked wonderful and when it was on ultra it looked absolutely fantastic. However whilst playing there are occasional lag spikes which due sort of ruin the immersion but it doesn't happen often enough for me to really ruin the experience. The story is pretty good and is mainly what I played the game for but I found the ending not to great and I think it could have been better. The open world aspect of the game is also really great where other players can join your game and interact with you, although I did find it a bit annoying where a player could grief or you could be hacked in between missions but luckily you can disable the hacking in the settings. The multiplayer which happens seamlessly which is quite impressive when you compare it to something like GTA V where the loading screen between multiplayer and singleplayer takes a while. Overall I would rate this game pretty high where it only falls on the slight performance issue and the story."
,Recommended,447040,28025797,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,syko,A M A Z I N G.
,Recommended,447040,28119510,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,★N1nja★,Awesome game
76561198358711028,Recommended,447040,33111572,Posted: 1 July,all,G1XNest,"''Some gamers are reporting trouble getting Watch Dogs 2 to run after installing Nvidia's 384.76 WHQL drivers that were released yesterday. If that is a game you play, your best bet is to avoid the driver update for the time being, or roll back to a previous version if you've already installed them.''-PC GamersYour best option if you have this problem is unistall that driver or just wait."
76561198019531129,Recommended,447040,32831529,Posted: 26 June,all,The Doom Slayer,The story for me was okay but extremely short first time when i played it i couldn't believe that i finished the main story so soon. the graphics are amazing very detailed also the multiplayer was very fun not too many activitie/modes but it's ok.I recommend this game but BEWARE it needs optimization fps drops (especially during the night) hope this review helps you decide whether or not to buy it.
76561198258993966,Recommended,447040,32874638,Posted: 27 June,all,Andrjusha,"If you didn't like the first game, you have to play this one. The story is very compelling and has it's up and down. The dialogue is hilarious. Love Wrench. You will laugh, you will cry, feel anger, or frustration. It seemed like the game has no end and compared to other games I've played recently, the story took quite a while. Long story short. This game is extrely underrated. Get your hands on while it's on sale and play it. Yes, Ubisoft f@#ked up with the previous game. But don't let the franchise die without playing this game."
76561198029978809,Recommended,447040,28104820,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SwiftSparrow,"Optimization is ♥♥♥♥in mind blowing in this game. Haven't played a game that runs this smoothly in a long time. So far the gameplay is on point. I wasn't a fan of the driving in the first game. My main gripe being that it felt too heavy. It's been vastly improved in this game although at times it does feel like it crosses over to the slippery end of the spectrum.I consider myself a bit of an audiophile. Because of that I find that the audio, specifically the sound effects for things like gun shots and engine sounds never sound good to me in most games. Luckily, Watch Dogs 2 for the most part has amazing sound. The guns sound meaty and deadly which really adds to the immersion for me. The only arena in which I've found the audio to be a bit disappointing is the engine sounds. I find that most cars don't sound the way they should. I've driven muscle cars in this game that feel to me like I'm driving a hybrid because of how quiet and flat the sound is. But I'm almost certain that's just me being picky.All in all, the games amazing with an excellent setting designed to explore. Would definitely recommend everyone check it out."
76561198211361413,Recommended,447040,31435769,Posted: 29 April,all,Skyrim,"A litte expensive   but its very interesting , like GTA5"
,Recommended,447040,29037558,Posted: 5 January,all,The Emotional Boys Summit; 2021,"i mean this game's okay. i'd give it a strong 6 to maybe a light 7 out of 10gonna spoil it in this review xDit's a massive improvement after the first game which was a ♥♥♥♥♥how. i really enjoyed playing through like the first few hours of it, but after awhile i couldn't tell when the game was going to end, really because they seem to have just thrown a few climactic points in the game. like they throw in this antagonist woman, who is cancer because she literally wears a meme shirt, not even that, she wears like a knock-off meme shirt which is like why ubisoft dude that's not even funny even adam sandler flexed harder than that.there was also another dumb bit where like there's this black guy in the team and you only hear him speak like twice in the game and then suddenly he goes missing. like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did you not expect me to figure out that you're gonna kill off this guy? also he gets killed off by a bunch of mexicans so yeah.gay cafe scene where like wretch or the mask guy like hits on a chick then that's it. how about we develop the basis for a love interest and then just ditch it like tyrone's kid aw ♥♥♥♥ yeah dude that's some GOOD WRITING RIGHT THEREthere's literally dialogue in the game where they start talking about the bad guy's♥♥♥♥♥♥and man buns like why is this relevant.the gameplay is a bit bland, like why do i always have to zoom in to shoot my gun? in GTA V, i appreciated how like when i press trigger i ♥♥♥♥ing fired the gun, i like how it's fluid. even ArmA 3 has more fluid gunplay than this game dude.stealth is also a bit jokish as well in the game. literally after a few upgrades in the skill tree, all you have to do is just run through the zone, and when you're about to get spotted just mash the middle mouse button. i literally did this in the final mission of the game. the FINAL MISSION DUDE. THE ONE WHICH IS MEANT TO BE LIKE ""WOAH MAN YOU GOTTA FLY OR DIE IN THIS ONE"". NAH DUDE I'LL ♥♥♥♥ING HACK THEIR HEADSETS INSTEAD GIVE THEM TINNITUS LIKE HOLY HECK WE GOT OUTTA THERE QUICK SCOOBthe OST for the game is ok. the soundtrack they picked for the radios ranges from eh to decent, decent being that one Run The Jewels song, which is ok.the only thing that was interesting about the game was the sort of more light-hearted atmosphere in comparison to it's competitors, being GTA V and the Saint's Row franchise, also Sleeping Dogs. but the thing is though, in a game where you purge hamlets in order to steal a hard drive, the light-hearted atmosphere doesn't bide so well with me personally.some of the humor was a bit cringy, but, being british, i assumed that it was probably american-oriented, you hip ♥♥♥♥ing kids oh♥♥♥♥♥♥all in all like i'd say if you want it get it, but only get it on sale like if it's 50% or more off. the stealth system's a bit of a joke after one or two upgrades, gunplay feels more static than ArmA 2, and throughout the second half of the game, i felt like i would rather be playing Sleeping Dogs or GTA V, especially due to their superior soundtrack decisions, like what OutKast song did you pick dude, nobody knows what Rosa Parks is, you could've picked Hey Ya! but no dude what the heck"
,Recommended,447040,29412296,Posted: 21 January,all,gamingbsi,"This is the sequel we deserved!WARNING- *Contains mild spoilers*After months of waiting for the release date, when Watch Dogs finally came out in 2014, a lot of people were dissapointed. This was not because the game was bad, but it was because of the graphics downgrade and the absence of good likeable characters. But personally I did enjoy playing the first game. When the second one was announced in 2016, no one was excited or hyped like they were, for the first game. But this game is definitely an improvement over the first Watch dogs. This game has a lot of features that was expected from the first game.Pros-1) A likeable protagonist. Unlike dark and moody Aiden Pearce, Marcus is a better character who is fun to play as2) Improved hacking mechanisms. In the first game, you could hack a lot of stuff but this time there is a lot more that you can hack into. You can now control cars, use massive hacks to distract everyone at the same time and you can also mark anyone as a potential target to be arrested or to be taken down as a traitor of a gang.3) Amazing attention to detail. The city of San Francisco is beautiful to explore. You have an app in your phone called Scout FX which you can use to mark tourist attraction spots near you where you can go and click selfies. Exploring the city is fun, and the NPCs also interact way better here than in the first game4) New toys. In this game, you also have drones that you use to either scout the area or to get into inaccessible areas. In a few missions, you don't even need to be personally present inside the mission area, you just have to use the drone in order to complete the objective.5) Mission variety. You can complete almost every mission without killing anyone. If you getting spotted you just need to distract that certain guard and then you can take him down. I have completed a few missions without even being detected and you have less chances of failing the mission if you take a stealthier approach.6) Faster loading times. It takes only a few seconds to load to respawn after you die in either single player or multiplayer. The time the game takes to switch between single player and multiplayer is always between 5-10 seconds.7) Multiplayer modes. I wish the game had a few more modes. But the existing modes of Co-op, hacking invasion and bounty hunter is really fun to play8) The ending. Even though I didn't like the story of this as a whole,(more on that later) the ending was satisfying and well handled.9) Optimisation. The game runs really well and has a good PC port. I just encountered 1 crash during my entire time with the game.Cons-1) The story and voice acting. The story was just okay. I mean I did like the tale of Ded-Sec hackers struggling to take down Blume, but the story telling just wasn't great. In terms of story, I will still prefer Watch Dogs 1.2) Driving mechanisms. The driving has improved a lot as compared to the original watch dogs, but still it has a lot of room for improvement.3) Underdeveloped characters. Now don't get me wrong. The characters of Watch Dogs 2 were good, but they were really underdeveloped. Marcus had literally no back story. And even though Horatio's death was well handled, I didn't feel remorse because I barely knew that character.4) If you get spotted by one guard, every single guard knows your location.As you can see, this game is definitely an improvement over the first game and I will definitely recommend it.My rating - 8.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28971804,Posted: 3 January,all,h0wx,Awesome! You should try this game. This is the best what I've seen last two years!
,Recommended,447040,29448217,Posted: 23 January,all,Naru'nun Tek Attığı Ferit,"On the contrary of most of the people, i liked the first Watch Dogs game. Of course, there was a huge downgrade in graphics. But i did guess it, because.. You know, it was an Ubisoft game. But the gameplay in Watch Dogs, was remarkable. I really enjoyed using our hacker abilities and moving in a stealth way.  But the world, the city was terrible. Not having an open world  would be better for Watch Dogs. But we are here to talk about the sequel aren't we ?So, i finished the campaign in 23 hours. Didn't complete some of the side missions, played online about one hour. Generally, i liked the game very much. The best thing about Watch_Dogs 2, in my opinion, is the geek conversations with our hacker group, DedSec. Dialogues and side characters are very nice. The game haven't got a story exactly. We are hacking the rich, bad people and we are trying to wake American people up. But the missions are really entertaining. We get our guns from a 3D Printer, and that is a very cool idea. And we have a RC Jumper and a drone. We use them much during our objectives, Missions are designed really good, i didn't get bored for one second. It really feels good that building a tactic and see if it's works. Of course, hackable objects is a big factor for it. The AI is really hard to get over, so game wants you to go in a stealth way. Which that is unique for Ubisoft. Action was so much easier even in last games of Assassin's Creed. Variety of the guns are not enough. But like i said, you don't have to use them. You'll want to go with your stealth and hacker abilities. It is easier and better. Money is not important at all.  You only use the money for appearance.  Side missions are very easy and short. I didn't like them much. Except for two. In one of the side missions, we hack into Ubisoft's office. We are trying to leak a new trailer of Ubiosft's new game. I really appreciated Ubisoft for this. And in the other one, we are helping Aiden Pearce, our main character in the first game, to escape from a jail. It was nice to see him even for a few minutes. As a summary, the gameplay and the missions are great.And the city is designed very well. You can feel that San Fransisco is alive. And that was the biggest deficient of the first game. Of course, graphics are supporting this. There is no downgrade. You'll get what you see in the trailers. Visuality of the Watch_Dogs 2, is one of the best thing about the game. And the musics are choosen well. You can listen Mozart while you are taking the enemies down. I don't know why but i think that is pretty cool.And multiplayer. Multiplayer has same logic with the first game. You can encounter with another player during the campaign. And i've never liked it. There are 3 types of multiplayer games. I didn't like them all. All three of them are inadequate, tasteless and meaningless. If you want a good multiplayer, just stay away from Watch_Dogs 2.(+)- Characters are very sincere.- Hacking abilities, perfect gameplay.- Well designed and funny main missions.- Very good graphics.- A very big and living city.- Perfect song choices.- I didn't encounter with any bugs.- No downgrade. Yes, in a Ubisoft game.(-)- Could be a better story.- Driving is still arcade.- Variety of guns.- Inability of the multiplayer.- Money trap DLC's.Overall Point: %88"
,Recommended,447040,29162860,Posted: 10 January,all,jackinab0x,"This is an even bigger jump than AC2 was from AC1.As someone who hated the original and was skeptical about 2 this was a pleasant change, the game is actually fun and the story is also well done IMO."
76561198322233684,Recommended,447040,28660685,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ThitherDesert74,"I highly reccommend this game it has an amazing story, gameplay mechanics, grapghic, multiplayer, everything you can imagine.Its the best game I have ever had and its even better than GTA V in my opinion."
,Recommended,447040,30978795,Posted: 6 April,all,ZomBis,"Very awesome game!Good story, fun gameplay, and filled with MANY hours of entertainment.Highly recommended, even at full price!"
,Recommended,447040,28788633,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cak Buras,"So Far , This Game is Good , No Downgrade , The Graphic is Fantastic , I love The Online , The Gameplay is Great , Love The Story and The Parkour Tho xF , But Only One Thing That's Bad , If you Play it Too Long , This Game Will stop Working And Cras , Plz Fix It Ubisfot , Because I like your game . So Far So Good , Just Need A little bit FixMy Rating : 9.5/10"
76561198012071265,Recommended,447040,28117460,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,"I love the first Watch_Dogs. Multiplayer is fun to me, especially the PvP hacking. My rig rocks a gtx 760 so Im not getting the best performance but the game still runs well enough for me to play.This sequel has more of the stuff I loved about the first. GG"
,Recommended,447040,28660003,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,avex,Put around 6 hours into this game after making the purchase this morning.Great graphicsFighting Machanics Are GreatHacking Is Fun And EasyMultiplayer Is A Very Enjoyable Experience.7.8/10
,Recommended,447040,28213960,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Pyrarr,"Honestly This Game Is Really Immersive!i mean like there was glitches i ran into like this:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=813211009but overall i really like the story, gameplay, and the charactersthe wheel drone can survive a large fall, hacks, and has super boost, but a pebble sized rock that hits it, it blows up.Honestly a 9/10"
,Recommended,447040,29486478,Posted: 25 January,all,Ntinos K.,Simply better than the first one...
,Recommended,447040,28038783,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nationalist Cthulhu,"This is actually much more enjoyable than I expected. I bought the base version, and I'm enjoying the game quite a lot. There's a good sense of freedom to the game, where you can fast travel almost anywhere immediately and explore wherever you want. I like the hacking system, and overall this has been quite fun. If you cringe easily at edgy adults created by tycoons trying to be hip, then you should prepare yourself. But if you can handle that, then I suggest you buy this."
,Recommended,447040,28666834,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,s1k`,"Great Game so far! I loved the first one, looks like im'a love this one too! :D"
,Recommended,447040,28676353,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Alice Margatroid,"Its really fun, i like the character and the scenery, i enjoy this game more than the first watch dogs"
,Recommended,447040,28823903,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sp0nska,"Oh, Watch_Dogs 2. I was so incredibly sceptical about it and almost didn't buy it. But my friend kept begging me to buy it and so I finally did.And? How is it?Well, the story has some great potential that sadly suffers from cringy and sometimes just bad cutscenes. Ontop of that, the murdering rampage gameplay in the open world stands in complete opposite to the babyface Marcus we see in the cutscenes.Next up, the gameplay itself isn't quite smoothed out. Driving still feels very arcady and unrealistic. You basically feel like you're in a squeaky toy car. Next up, the shooting. Let's just put it like this: it's so horrible that I decided to go for a no-kill run. The movement and climbing feels ok although I often found myself stuck on ledges or between a truck and a building I tried to climb on.So far, you probably think I hate the game. But why do I still recommend it? Well, I don't recommend it for everyone. I recommend it for those with some creativity and a childish humour. And why?Because the open world is one of the greatest sandboxes I have ever experienced in a videogame. There are so many people doing so many things and theres cars and dogs and gangs and police and the list just goes on and on. The world just feels so incredibly alive and realistic. People actually behave like you would think they would behave in real life. And that's where the second element comes into play: the hacking mechanics. I can't speak for the first game since I haven't played that so I can't say if they improved. But I can for sure say that the hacking is phenomenal. The amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and chaos you can create is insane.This also carries over to the missions. Every mission is it's own little sandbox with infinite possibilities. There are no predetermined routes or anything like that that lead you through a level. You can tell that the designers were like: ""here's a building and it's heavily guarded and you need to get in there somehow but we don't know how. Have fun!"". This sense of freedom in mission design is something you only see very rarely these days.And then there's the multiplayer. What makes this so amazing is that it's totally seamless. People just randomly show up in your world and then you can either do missions with them, hunt them, hack them or get hacked. Especially the hacking invasions are an incredibly fun game of cat and mouse. Combine that with the previously mentioned open world and hacking mechanics and you got yourself one of the best multiplayer experiences in years. Or instead of that, you can just invite friends into your lobby and play with them. Think GTA IV's free mode but with hacking toys. It's very very good!So to sum it up, yes, Watch_Dogs 2 deserves it's criticism and it doesn't come close to something like GTA V. But instead it creates it's own very unique open world hacking sandbox that is just so much fun to play around with!"
76561198152394809,Not Recommended,447040,29304431,Posted: 16 January,all,Srek,Why the ♥♥♥♥ does my game keep crashing Lol
,Recommended,447040,28104620,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sir Kornflakes,"*Th Fat Donut Costumed Asian Guy looked at me funny - Hack his profile and make him a terrorist - SWAT Team arrests him*- 10/10 Game of the YearThis game is GTAV in San Fran with Hacking - Just Incredible!Because the game offers PVP & PVE as well as a Leaderboard with Medal Rankings to climb, the replayability is amazing.The missions are separated into 2 Segments: Offline & Online.Offline:1. Main - The Main Story Missions are inciting and pulls you in.2. Side - The Side Missions are found by exploring San Fran and listening into random conversations.Online:1. COOP Operations (PVE) - COOP Ops are basically mini ""Dungeons"" or ""Raids"" you can do byyourself or with another player. The difficulty of the missions range from NRML - HRD - INSANE,2. Bounty Hunter (PVP) - Bounty Hunter allows players to join the hunt with Police to take down other DedSec Members.3. Hacking (PVP) - Hacking is the same from the original Watch_Dogs but this time around you have more tools.Highly recommend the game.Still can't believe there's a Medal Rank/Leaderboard to climb...so much fun...can't commute...going back to kill more people."
,Recommended,447040,28031030,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bennie,"This game is one of the best games i've ever played and i'm not even joking, i had so much fun in the game already and i only played it for 6 hours now, the port is very good, i haven't gotten any lag spikes or anything, suprisingly the game didn't crash at all through out my 6 hour gameplay, and yes i was playing on ultra. The game isnt supposed to be serious its mostly like a parody, so my rating is 10/10 tbh"
76561198254195038,Recommended,447040,29966373,Posted: 16 February,all,Rackheim,"Ladies and Gentlemen, Here we have one of Ubisoft's first games with an excellent PC port.The PC Master Race forgives you for your pesantry of the past Ubisoft."
76561198296973560,Recommended,447040,28153224,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ckozarian,"Mindlessly fun game. Big time improvements from the first game. Still not a perfect game, but Ubisoft is taking large strides to improve the games that they are putting out.I could easily immerse myself in this huge open world game for days at a time."
,Recommended,447040,28112631,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,fishburgr,This is a really fun game.  The multiplayer aspects are great.Visually the game is rather stunning and it runs pretty well also.I'm running an i5 and gtx1070 and I'm playing at 2560x1440 with everything at highest settings except for shadows.  I set shadows to Ultra instead of PCSS and it saves about 15fps.  The soft shadows do look really good if you have the gpu power tho.  Also extra detail is set to 0%.
76561198024055402,Not Recommended,447040,28748880,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,🅱eter,I can't play the game for more than five mins before it crashes and closes i have tried many thing to try to fix the game with no luck including reinstailing the game multiple times. I wouldn't leave a negitive review if this only effected me but other online have also reported this issue without a fix so it is clearly not just something affecting just me. This makes the game unplayable and is very annoying due to it price
76561198060454891,Recommended,447040,29266914,Posted: 14 January,all,briddle24,What the original watch dogs should have been
,Recommended,447040,34770514,Posted: 5 September,all,Aplaudible,"Much improved game with a weaker protagonist than its predecessor.I'm one of the few fanboys who loved the first watch dogs. Ethan Pierce was a badass. I felt like the first kind of got too much flack to be honest...onto this game thoughGraphics 8/10Gameplay 9/10Story 8/10Controls 8/10Sound/actors/characters 7/10Writing 9//10The only caveat I have with this game is the kind of ""trendy"" hacking vibe I get from some of it as well as a few characters. However some parts/missions were actually hilarious to play as well.51 hours is my time on record but it took about 48ish for me to beat the whole game without putzing around. Which is kinda hard not to do in these kinda games. The writing is also really clever.Particularly with that one martin skrelle mission [might have misspelled his name, the pharmacist who increased the price of AIDS medication substantialy in real life] who they are obviously trolling but using a different character name. Also there's one DLC mission I won't spoil anything but its crazy because that mission and scenario happened in real life after the DLC came out....which is nuts. The DLC really shines in this game because its thought provoking probable stuff to happen in real life too.If you can get past 1 or 2 really annoying characters and other negatives I said then by all means grab the game. You won't regret it"
,Recommended,447040,28747377,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ace Cadet,"Now, I bought Watch_Dogs one on launch in 2014... in fact I preordered the collector's edition. Needless to say I was disapointed when I got home to play it. Graphically disgusting. Poorly optimised. Reflections that don't work. That stuff.So I was kind of cautious when it came to Watch_Dogs 2. I didn't preorder it. I wasn't considering buying it all. But then I saw is on special during the christmas sale and I saw that Nerdcubed and Jimsterling actually liked it. So I popped it into my cart and payed for it.*10 hours later*I'm now driving around San Fransico in a scissor lift, randomly hacking cars and traffic because why not?I've been messing around with the mechanics and doing the side ops. I've been having fun. The main cast of characters is actually somewhat relateable and fun to listen to. The missions that you can do are amazing. Honestly this is a great game and everything that Watch_Dogs should have been.Now I haven't done enough of the main story to comment on but everything I've heard points to the main story being fun.Now, the main reason you should play the game are the side ops. Ubisoft nailed them. You remember Martin Shkreli? Well Ubisoft makes a very obvious reference to the ♥♥♥♥er and you get to ♥♥♥♥ over him haha. There's a side op dedicated to video game leaks which is meta. Honestly, it's stupid that they put it in but holy crap did it make me laugh and catch me off guard haha.Honestly, if you're at all interested in the game; Pick it up. It's fun. The mechanics are done right and the new additions from the last game nail what it was missing. There's laughs when it comes to the story and side ops. The characters are relateable and interesting.It gets my reconmendation.Also just a recent thing... You can hack money from people's bank accounts. Sometimes it puts up a text conversation when you do it or a call and well... it really makes you question your morales. I just stole $700 from a person whos dad was in trouble with debt collectors haha.. I'm a horrible person...tl;dr Makes up for Watch_Dogs."
,Recommended,447040,28124286,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,kimbers,"Really fantastic game.No console port controls here, Gameplay is fluid and responsive without the annoying console controller lag.I also haven't tried the online content yet; but offline storyline was fantastic.Pros:Awesome art style and directive (i'm a graphic designer and it was pretty much art porn)Awesome moments with some of the story missions, with great amount of content tooStoryline content lasts for over 20hours, even more so with the online content and side missions (tons of content!)Amazing City and worldLots of things to do!Hacking does not feel forced but works perfectly along side your tool setYou can completely cheese some mechanics by being clever with your hack tool kit which is a really nice addition and encourages clever gameplayDrone and RC hacking car are a fantastic addition to the game and really complement it perfectly.ConsAi is a lil bit buggy but relatively oksome filler storline missions which have you do the same tedious thing over and over (don't worry it was only one or two missions)Some few bugsIn conclusion;Buy this game it's great, even just for the amount of content it contains and some of the wow factors I experenced with the storyline.Ps. Best weapons are the auto rifle + the auto shotgun. (grenade launcher is not so great)"
76561198211082984,Recommended,447040,28612985,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ellan,The story/plotline is far superior than in watch dogs 1.Ubisoft did it!
,Recommended,447040,29195024,Posted: 11 January,all,YourAverageAsianConsumer,Pros:Nice MissionsGood StoryGreat GraphicsCo op is pretty funGood ammount of Clothes to Choose FromGreat Weapon SelectionCar Selection is DecentCons:Can't change multiplayer charcter looks (skin color or hair...)EasyAntiCheat Can Randomly Disconnect you from multiplayerSometimes connecting with other friends takes a while.Characters seem dead when you complete all main missions.Overall really good game
76561197990768661,Recommended,447040,28113109,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Divinity,Great game. Very well optimized compared to most of the games in 2016.
,Not Recommended,447040,28700266,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,arte,"Let me first start by saying I quite enjoyed the first Watch_Dogs and I only played this game for about 3 1/2 hours before deciding it wasn't for me.Ok so first things first I have a GTX 770, AMD FX-6300, and 16gb RAM, I wasn't expecting to be able to run this game on high settings but I wasn't expecting having to run it on the lowest settings and still only occasionally have 60fps, most of the time I was getting somewhere around 40fps and driving in cars I had about 30fps. Also the game doesn't look good on low settings it just becomes a vibrant blob with very jagged edges and if I turned on any sort of anti-aliasing I would lose a good chunk of performance.Some reviews are saying they loved the characters, but as soon as I met all of them I didn't care for them, they were all usually annoying characters with no sort of background. Also the story in this game is very slow and sloppy in my opinion and lacks any sort of grit.The character customization I really enjoyed, driving was pretty fun, and the hacking was meh. All in all I would say if I could play the game without it looking like an unpolished sack of dong and have good performance I most likely would not have requested a refund."
,Recommended,447040,30114173,Posted: 22 February,all,"Trapped in Bubbaville, Send Help","Watch Doge 2 is the hacker game we deserve, but maybe not the one I'd personally want. It's a lot more fun than the original's SMARTPHONE BATMAN while also closer to IRL SF hackers than the original. The tech tree has cool things in it, the missions are interesting, the drone works really well and the hacking makes at least more sense than it did in the last game. Everything to do with combat is kinda buggy, but not so buggy as to be unplayable. It's not really supposed to be combat-focused anyway. I had a lot of fun, and multiplayer worked great.If I got to give it some further downsides, the level cap is dumb, the weapon progression could have been done meaningfully, and I'd have liked straight-up heists in multiplayer because this game does multiplayer way fantastically better than GTA5.Will report on the DLC when it gets cheaper and when I have time to actually play it.BUY THIS GAME AND PLAY IT"
76561198035511226,Not Recommended,447040,28766312,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,m7hughes,This game ius driving me nuts. We have managed to get it to work on a couple of occasions but generally it willo not launch.When will steam and ubisoft actualy sort their sh#t out and get these games to launch properly.What a bunch of absolute f##kwits.
,Recommended,447040,28150867,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Azeriel,"I was a skeptic on the second installment and decided to take the plunge because I had some extra cash in my Steam Wallet.Smooth launch, constant 60FPS+ at the highest setting, an improvement on the driving, fully customizeable keybindings, PC only features and one of the most gorgeous open world game I have seen in a while.That'll do Ubisoft, that'll do."
,Recommended,447040,28138392,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,🎮protibondigamer🔫,"A huge improvement on the first game and Ubisoft seems to have learned a thing or two about proper optimization this time around. Its the best open world game I've playedNo loading screens between single player/onlinePROS- very good grapichs(specially water *_*) 9/10-awesome combat 10/10-good sound and music 10/10-no loading screen in mp and co-op-damn good driving-good weapons-no repeative missions-nice player customization-very good optimized(after applying high res texture pack)CONS-2player co op only :(-packet loss & too much lag while playing with friends-players can hack your data,money easily -_--lil bit problem with shooting :/-short map-sometimes faced rendering problems hope will be fixed soon by devstotally worth the money 4 me ^_^TYSM UBI <3"
,Recommended,447040,28056079,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,"+ One of if not the most optimized pc game I've ever played, smoother than butter ultra 144hz with a 390+ New hacks, parkour and weapons are a lot of fun+ The most amount of customization items of all open-world games, barring colour customization+ Driving & Combat are immensely improved+ Very good animations+ Story/Character development feels genuine, not quirky+ Decent soundtrackHonestly I have nothing negative to say about this game, if you're gonna get an open-world game get this one, it beats out GTA in my eyes."
,Recommended,447040,28219794,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,A Framed Picture of Mao Zedong,"I definitely recommend it if it's on sale. It's pretty much a big homage to the 90's movie Hackers.Campy as hell, in a good way.Edit: pretty damn well optimized too. Ubisoft seems to be shaping up."
,Recommended,447040,28169764,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,supamerz!,"EDIT 12/6/2016: This game truly comes to life the more you play. Just a friendly tip, try to play the game without using weapons. Attempt to immerse yourself into the hacking realm of Watch Dogs 2 and become a Dead Sec operator - neutralize your threats but don't use weapons. It will change the way you play.Marcus' melee attack is always lethal. Try to stay in cover as much as possible. Save your money and buy the aerial drone and use it at every opportunity. That's it for now - enjoy this adventure,---ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW ----An exceptional improvement upon the previous release of Watch Dogs. You can tell that the developers have placed an enormous amount of time in getting the game to play well. Strictly looking at a performance view of the game - it runs fantastic. The gameplay is very interesting and unique which is the primary reason I bought this game.I'm super excited to play this game - thank you developers and responsible parties for releasing a functional yet impressive product in 2016."
76561198137634279,Recommended,447040,30883406,Posted: 1 April,all,hhhhhhoward,better than I expected. good game.
,Not Recommended,447040,29268546,Posted: 15 January,all,Dice,"bought season pass couple days ago, still didn't get addition game content, just root access and zodiac killer content, where is my T-bone and other game story?"
,Recommended,447040,28570918,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Actually Graham Norton,"You'll need 16gb of RAM, but other than that, it's flawless."
,Recommended,447040,28503284,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,A-Nero,I liked this game so much. It's awesome. Recommended to my all friends. Best regards
76561198083364283,Recommended,447040,28178829,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,SomeRandomGuy595,"Watch dogs 2 definitely improves over the first one. Now before you go ""well you don't got the 1st one in your library"" I did play it on console (I know I know) and watch dogs 2 is real good. The optimization is good (I know right?) and the game has a bigger emphasis on hacking. The graphics look great, and gameplay is lots of fun. The game definitely wants you to play stealth, but you can go guns blazing if you want, you just might have a little more trouble.Guns in this game are kinda bad but not unusable bad. You can't hipfire or blind fire which sucks. Driving is improved, but the vehicles feel a little wonky at times, this might just be my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving though. I like the San Francisco setting, Ubisoft did a good job of capturing a bit of everything.Overall this game was really good and I recommend it if the first game seemed cool to you but then you saw the reviews, or if you're just looking for a fun open world game.And I guess if you're part of the few people that enjoyed the first one like me lmao"
,Recommended,447040,28045063,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rylo,"Theres a mission where you can actually rob from ubisoft, Just like they have with my 60 dollars."
76561198162633143,Recommended,447040,28528316,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GrexO1,Its a good game while multiplayer suffers from constant Ubisoft servers maintainance or connecting issues.Overall: 6/10
,Not Recommended,447040,28219765,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Zukaro Travon,"While it's been awhile since I've played the first game, I feel like the story in the first was MUCH better.  The story in this game felt extremely weak, and really felt like a matter of ""just becase"".  While the motivations of the character in the first game were purly revenge, I feel like it worked better overall.Especially the part with T-Bone; in this he sorta just stumbles on in and instantly trusts this group, whereas in the original (if I remember correctly) it took Aiden a lot more work to get T-Bone's trust.Futhermore, this game was very short and just didn't feel right.I did enjoy the game, as the gameplay was fun, but it wasn't worth whatever price I paid.  Honestly after playing this, I'd much rather have just replayed the original.What I found with the first, was all the side characters were great but Aiden himself was boring.  With this game, I found all the characters to be fairly bland.As for if I'd recommend the game or not, really I'm neutral on it.  It's a fun game and you'll probably enjoy it, but only if you're not playing it for the story.  I like how weighty the cars feel, although they're very awkward whenever they get into the air.There's also quite a few bugs in the game, but I've not run into anything game breaking.And one final thing, I feel like the RC quadcopter and jumper really took away from the game.  At least, the jumper anyway.  The quadcopter was nice for scouting, but the jumper could be used to complete pretty much every mission without ever putting yourself in danger (with a few exceptions).  If the jumper was detected it was no big deal, whereas if you were detected it was a much bigger deal.Essentially the jumper made stealth irrelevant.  I'm sure if I had just avoided using it I'd have had more fun, as I never really ended up using the environment to my advantage.  In fact, really all I ever did was use the quadcopter to view the enemies and call the police and gangs on them (which was fun to watch the meyhem, but still).Also, Dedsec are extremely hypocritical I find.  They complain about how the system is manipulating people and then essentially manipulate people themselves, etc.Really I found the first a lot more fun.The final thing I'll say is I don't regret buying this or playing it.  I did enjoy it, but I don't think it holds up to the first in terms of story (which is the main thing I play a game for)."
76561197993210279,Not Recommended,447040,28775576,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rexsteele,"Requires Uplay. Uplay crashes, it advises you to save and reload ""to avoid issues"". Fine. Reload Uplay.Later on... ""disconnected from multiplayer because anti-cheat not enabled"" except it was since the moment I launched the game for the first time.Don't support this crap. Please."
,Not Recommended,447040,28684306,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[-MK-] Flippers,"3 seconds in, CTD, lowest setting a CTD, bearing in mind that my system is able to run most games on hight witout ANY problems at all, Absolute dissapointment, Not wasting anymore time trying to fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a mess"
,Recommended,447040,28027143,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"B-A-B-Y, Baby","""Port isn't garbage and there's no downgrade"" - Things I never thought I'd hear myself say about a Ubisoft PC release"
76561198235825260,Recommended,447040,28113000,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dr. Evil,"I would Recommend this game to any gamers who are intrested in hackingNow even though I did not complete this game still, I played 10 hours in this game and I am totally amazed. First lets talk about the graphics. The graphics are so realistic!!! Now I could play this game on the Ultra or the PCSS Settings with over 60 FPS no problem, and this Ubisoft took their time in this game, they really did. Next lets talk about the campaign. The campaign is really fun so far, I spent 6 hours playing campaign and the 4 hours just exploring but we'll get to that in a min, now the dialouge is so cringy and funny, I at least laughed over almost 20 times, not only the game is funny but it has a better storyline, even though you hack into so many buildings, each building or level has three options: Option 1: Kill the guards and get a wanted level. Option 2: Use A Drone to Fly and Just sit there on your fat♥♥♥♥♥ Opton 3: Be Snake from MGSV, kill all the guards without getting caught or a wanted level. Lastly the open world. Now this game may not have a bigger map than GTA V but this game does really have a huge small scaled size of San Francisco. This is awesome since  some people who dont live in the USA can explore San Francisco on a computer or a console. I also noticed the random events on the streets of what people talk about. When you expose something, the people on the street will talk about it, this is really realistic and cool. Now this is probably the best game of 2016, I would reccomend anyone who is intrested in hacking or in an open world shooter."
,Recommended,447040,28316142,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Brotendo,"It's like GTA SA on GTA IV engine. If you can navigate GTA SA, you can navigate Watch Dogs 2. I'm also really high."
,Not Recommended,447040,28671738,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Deoxy,"Fps issues, the only reason why I didn't like this game"
,Recommended,447040,30893938,Posted: 1 April,all,Labamba,"I don't get it. Ubisoft is like having multipersonality/alter ego or whatsoever that made them randomly be greatest/worst developer ever exist. Back then they created numerous of masterpieces such as assassin's creed 2 & 4, prince of persia series, splinter cell blacklist, far cry 3, r6 siege, etc. But sometimes they create disaster, even it's still playable but still, count as disaster if we take a look at the hype, promises etc like watch dogs 1, the division, assassin's creed unity that dissappoint most of us.And now they put some effort and love to Watch Dogs 2, the city design, activity, side mission, NPC activity, graphic, port, customization, gameplay, animation, etc is just so good and make this game loveable. They put many future update that completely free, keep fixing issues, successfully run seamless coop concept. They also gave a touch to some extra details. For example, when you put a car below a tree, leaves would fall slowly and stick to your car, and when you move the car, leaves would flow to the air. Water physic kinda good too, when you swim or sail a boat, the water would react to your movement. They also decided to put out some annoying feature like tower system which is a good move.In conclussion, Ubisoft could be a better developer if they hear to their fanbase, customers opinion, brave enough to put out their third party app (UPLAY), give accurate price that fit the content they give, stop giving some absurd policy/features make their game unplayable like easy anticheat, DRM, peer2peer connection, fix their potato server, etc.TL/DR: Ubisoft keep their promise this time, even more than expected."
,Not Recommended,447040,28211983,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Tervho,"I'm going to recomend that this game not be purchased.I played it for a few hours, the game seemed fun, with some changes and improvements to the last one. But for myself, and a lot of PC users, despite having more than required and recommended specs to run this game, it gets crap FPS and lags terrible. If you sit still and don't look at anything that moves, you're fine 60+ framrate, but if you take a step, change your camera it can dive you down to 10 or less. After one second movement there are 2 seconds of lag.I can play a game with low framerate, and I would understand if my PC couldn't run it, but this is just unbearable, and based on what I've read, it's the game's issue not a hardware one. Until Ubisoft fixes this (which based on my experience with Watch Dogs 1, and most of the Assassin's Creed titles, they won't), I can't recommend buying this game.That aside, I think that if this issue was fixed, that the game would be fun and enjoyable, there more you can hack a bigger world, I wasn't driven by the plot very much, but I only did like 2 misions."
,Not Recommended,447040,33223848,Posted: 4 July,all,Tacker,"Graphics requirements are weirdly high. Missions aren't overly varied. Most of the cutscenes are okay. Story is alright. Side content isn't especially varied or compelling. On-line adds a a little extra challenge as a stranger gets the chance to mess up your game as you're exploring the world, but I never found myself wanting to explore the world. There's nothing exciting to see. The world feels small. The city is an acceptable size for messing about in, never felt crowded. But the world feels kind of blah.It's like Grand Theft Auto V - Light, but just as expensive and less fun.The story is about a hacker collective working together to achieve a single goal. Could have had multi-character missions, or mission chains where you play as different Dedsec members. Explore that dynamic. The playfulness of Dedsec members lends itself to more interesting side activities- racing digital car ghosts around the city, only it doesn't have to worry about your traffic (descrepencies in asynchronous recordings and scripted events could spice things up). A 'light cycle' sim based in the city, where you and an AI opponant control cars that leave a GPS mapped snake-tail: if you drop below a minimum speed or cross a snake-tail, you're out. What about the AR shoot-em-ups from the first game? Justified as ""lend Dedsec your power, enjoy some swish games."" Something more than 'race some boats, race some carts, race some drones.'"
,Recommended,447040,32485205,Posted: 16 June,all,LackaTask,youre black
,Not Recommended,447040,32751169,Posted: 24 June,all,Pancakei,"The game itself is fantastic, lots of fun and so much stuff to do alongside wacky and fun multplayer.The PROBLEM comes from the fact that Ubisoft's Uplay and Steam can't stop cockfighting over ""who's game is it anyways?"" I played the game for four hours and now I can barely get it to start. Both programs ♥♥♥♥ing fight over it starting and it crashes before the real game can actually load. I've tried everything, read forums, and it still wont start.Occaissonally you'll get lucky after having to jump through enough tangled hoops that the game might actually start. However, its generally an hour after you first tried to launch the god damn game.A good game hindered by absoultely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launchers and abroken Uplay system. But it through Uplay if you want to actually play it, because interacting with steam seems to make it bend over and stop working."
76561197971524905,Recommended,447040,28330850,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Esoes,"PROS* Graphics are really good (Altough could be optimized better).* Gameplay is good but it gets kind of repetitive. Doesn't have the variety of GTA.* Open world is pretty nice. Captured San Francisco really good.* Story is good.* Side missions, things to do are plenty to go OCD and try to clear them all. (There isn't a % screen where you could see your completion which would be nice if added.)CONS* I would want to see the consequences of the actions made in the story more. You do lots of things that would shake the world if it was real but life goes on, and you only see some news story about it.* The population of the city is very low. You don't even need to worry about cars on the road since they are so few."
76561198012874426,Recommended,447040,29288362,Posted: 15 January,all,Ryuzaki277,Enjoyable game with a fun atmosphere to it. Only negative I can think of is that guns shouldn't really be in the game as you can play most the game well just via hacking.
,Recommended,447040,29760214,Posted: 7 February,all,OoPUG LIFEoO,GOOD GAME am so like it BUT F_ucking NOOB SERVER ┌ಠ_ಠ)┌∩┐ ᶠᶸᶜᵏ♥ᵧₒᵤ
,Recommended,447040,29214837,Posted: 12 January,all,Burger,"Very fun game, if you enjoyed the original Watch_Dogs, you should definitely get this. The main Campaign if you rush through it takes around 25 hours or so. But even if you finish the game, you still have Online to do and mess around in the freeroam world.I give this game a 9.5/10 on its Campaign and a 7/10 for Online. Definitely worth $60 or when its on sale, $40."
76561198132144808,Recommended,447040,28205243,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,PABLOS,Amazing! Must play!
,Recommended,447040,30704344,Posted: 24 March,all,kudosman,"Honestly a fun game.  Too many plumbing puzzles, but that doesn't take away from the fun writing, gameplay, or exploration.  Just an all around enjoyable game."
,Recommended,447040,28828945,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FranciscoLipton,Ubisoft redeemed itself with this one 8D
,Recommended,447040,28875342,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CopyLion,"Absolutly worth the bucks. I don't even know why they are selling this at -33% just two months after the release? Why Ubi is putting such a good game on sale this fast? WHY? Why don't you take WD1 off the shelves and let the world forget about it?Watch_Dogs is an early prototype wrapped up as an AAA. Ubi have chosen to develop the story with a protagonist that fails to elaborate the fantasy of ""hacking"". Watch_Dogs 2 did the job. What is the fantasy of hacking is about? Ordinary people would say it is all those boring stuff happened in WD1 - wiring money, peeking into people's phones...no depth, no ""wow"" moments. WD2 has found the right characters to tell what the fantasy of hacking is about. Modding a futuristic car is cool. Hijacking a military robot is super cool. But have you imagined that before? Do you have those on your ""cool stuff I can do if I am a hacker"" list before you play this game? No! WD2 elaborates the fantasy of hacking beyond your imaginations AND it's fun. Now I'd say don't buy the first game of every Ubi's game series, but the second one must be a masterpiece. (AC1 is bland too, if you know what I mean :D)"
76561198235931368,Recommended,447040,30515790,Posted: 14 March,all,GamingZombabe,"Amazing graphics, fun gameplay, and hilarious charactors. i absolutely love this game! i highly recomend this to anyone who likes open-world shooters. the hacking system is really cool, too."
,Recommended,447040,28819249,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ericklijmeij,"I enjoyed the first, but this was much better than the first.Pros:- Story (very interesting, felt lacking sometimes but was very enjoyable)- Voice acting- Characters- Humour (I wasnt expecting any comedy, but I surprisingly had a few giggles from this game)- Big world- Side missions (very lengthy side missions, they add a lot more, but can sometimes get in the way)- NVIDIA AnselMehs:- Story (it was a good story, however it was all over the place, I cannot recall to someone the storyline, as I cannot list the order of events, which were very complicated)- Optimization (much better than the first, thank god, but its not fantastic. Dual cores cannot run the game and even on my i5 and GTX 1060, I did have a few slow downs on occasion)-Radio (nobody even uses these, the songs are meh but you can turn it off no problem)Cons:- Emptyness after completion of story- Loading timesOverall, I would recommend this on sale to someone who likes open world games and a decent story.8/10"
76561198066355863,Recommended,447040,28935777,Posted: 2 January,all,Jack,"This game is very fun, it's a massive step up from the first one, the online co-op is very fun and there is a lot to do, missions and races, and just messing around with all the hacking. The hacking itself is very good too, you can hack nearly everything including taking money from people, reading their texts and listening to their calls to get new missions etc. the research tree is very rewarding and I use nearly everything  I unlock, which makes you want more research points, such as giving people fake criminal records so they get arrested, so they are moved out of your way. There is a drone in the game and a RCXD type car, which can hack and go through vents and scout out areas, so they are very useful and fun to mess around with, and will help you in nearly every mission. The graphics of the game are very nice, even when you put them on the lowest, there isn't a massive difference to the highest (ultra), i run on very high but have tried them all. The loading times in the game are amazing, whenever your loading into online, the entire game, missions and fast travel etc, it takes about 3-10 seconds, which is amazing compared to some other big games such as GTA, where you have to wait ages to get into an online game or to launch a mission. But in this you simply invite a friend, they join you, no loading screen at all, same with fast travelling, you can go across the whole map with only loading for about 3 seconds maximum. Overall this is a great game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,447040,28900525,Posted: 1 January,all,Acrias,"Watch_Dogs 2 ReviewTL;DR: Highly recommended to any type of gamer. An incredible step up from the first Watch_Dogs. Ubisoft breathed life into the game this time, and have truly succeeded in making a good game. Has some minor flaws, but are able to be overlooked.Watch_Dogs is a name that gets a negative response out of most people. They'll usually scowl at you, or shake their head in disappointment at the name. After the release of the first game (which I frankly didn't hate as much as the rest of the gaming community) it's certainly one of the most predominant titles when it comes to Ubisoft's negative reputation. Because of the bad blood the original title caused, many people were reluctant to purchase this game, one of those people being me. Finally, after a month of debate, I caved in and purchased it, going in with my breath held to see what awaited me.What I found was a breath of fresh air. While the concept of the game may not sound too different from big IP's like Grand Theft Auto and Saints Row, the game felt very alive to me. The characters, voice acted and written so realistically and the hacking and interaction with civilians so much more interesting; I was really blown away.To begin with the characters is to first note, there is very little development or inner change within any of the characters in the game. Despite the characters having faced a plethora of conflict that have challenged both their emotional and mental fortitude, nothing really developed or changed within them at all. They simply move on as if nothing as really happened. While they was kind of a setback for me. The dialogue made up for it. While this game is a bit overloaded with memes and ""lol random xD"" kind of humor, when I was listening to how the protagonist, Marcus speaks in casual conversation, it felt surprisingly human. His movements, his speech patterns, they all felt just like how someone I would talk to on the street would talk. I also found myself really liking all the characters, it was very rare that I would find myself not being invested in their unique personalities and antics.Next, one of the most important features of the game: hacking. The step up from the original game's hacking system is incredible. You truly are able to hack ""everything"", and it's very rare that you'll find yourself out of resources to use in a stealth or combat situation, or even if you're just screwing around. You can hack every civilian, you can destroy traffic flow, you can even call the cops on someone and have them driven off by the local police. It's so incredibly open ended, and the upgrade system allows you to delve deeper and makes you actually invested in earning skill points.One of my favorite parts of this game was the customization. I always found myself running in and out of different clothes stores and trying stuff on, making Marcus look like a hood rat to a motorcycle gang leader, to a fruity hipster. There are so many items to try on and collect in the world, and at every single store, you can access your full inventory to change anything you want. When it came to weapon customization, I was a bit disappointed, as there weren't that many weapons compared to games such as The Division or Grand Theft Auto V, but I still found myself having fun trying out new weapons for missions, however, there was a severe lack of stealth weapons that are accessible (only one silenced pistol and one silenced rifle).The driving. Dear god the driving. Watch_Dogs 1 was always criticized for it's horrible driving controls, and the difference that Ubisoft has made between the two games is jaw dropping. The cars actually function like cars now. The world was MADE for driving, and I constantly found myself stealing dirt bikes and driving through the woods on forest trails and dirt roads. I very rarely used the fast travel system, because I truly enjoyed driving now.The combat...is A bit disappointing to say in the least. It feels very clunky (which is a stark contrast to the fast, smooth paced freerunning) and it sometimes is difficult to work with when making precise shots. I found myself constantly using the ""phone ring"" hack against enemies just to get them to stop moving because my gun would be completely ineffective at leading shots. You'll definitely die a good bit if you're not proficient at third person shooters, and even for those who are experienced, it may be a bit of a struggle to become skillful with the shooting, as it really feels like it's fighting against you.Overall, this game is incredible. It's a major step up from the original and has now found itself in my list of favorite games. It certainly has some flaws, but I was able to overlook them and focused on how I felt, and what I felt was satisfaction. I had an enjoyable experience, and what mattered most, was that I had fun, and Watch_Dogs 2 was able to deliver that. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,447040,29320739,Posted: 17 January,all,Chef Cibelli,"Sorry for the review I left earlier, and thanks to people like Interknet for pointing out where I was wrong. EasyAntiCheat only takes screenshots when you're in CS:GO, what I read made me believe that it was when you were playing this game it would do it, I was wrong.Ubisoft have, surprisingly, made a really good second game in the Watch_Dogs series. Although I, personally, find it a bit boring at times, it is a good game that Ubisoft have worked really hard on. GG Ubisoft, you managed to make a good comeback from your dark days of Watch_Dogs 1."
,Recommended,447040,29684815,Posted: 3 February,all,NoWayJose 🌊,"A wonderful podcast game, and the multiplayer ain't too shabby. Don't pay too much attention to the story, it's more reminiscent of a 1980s-90s retro hacking movie than it is serious. With that said though, it is very enjoyable. Pick it up on sale, play on the hardest difficulty you can, and don't try to go guns-blazing-assault; gunplay isn't the game's main focus."
76561198308669390,Recommended,447040,29102619,Posted: 7 January,all,Norry,This game is so much better than i ever expected.
,Recommended,447040,29100967,Posted: 7 January,all,FanaticRoostr87,"Best game of 2016Recommend this at its best. This game is so awesome and fun to play, but the bad thing is that it is short, not really short nor long.Super awesome game :D"
76561198251148348,Recommended,447040,29174275,Posted: 10 January,all,HonkeyTonkDan,Fun game to play map was done well
76561198070212465,Recommended,447040,29172212,Posted: 10 January,all,Ortepo,"Awesome gameplay, awesome visuals, not yet optimized fully, good story, great progression system, all around solid gameworth 50 bucks with all dlc, pick it up during a sale."
76561198136035930,Recommended,447040,29174309,Posted: 10 January,all,The_Frog_King,great game endless fun. well polished nice game.defeneatly recomend
,Recommended,447040,28274151,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,noaho,"This game is a trillion times better than the old Watch Dogs.The story is much better.The stealth is better.The combat is better.The multiplayer is better, and even the hacking is better!This game is phenomenally better than the original.I must say Watch Dogs 2 is a blast to play.I loved the original Watch Dogs concept, but it was made very badly. The trailers only showing the greatest things of the game. Making it look GOTY, but it dissapointed many including me.This one did all the things Watch Dogs tried to do, and perfects it.Rating 8,5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28118087,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MIKEHUDSON,"At last Ubisoft has made a successful game..  Very much happy to play this game. Excellent optimizations and realistic graphics, keeping the similarity with the e3 graphics.. Waiting for a patch that will further improve the performance.."
76561198099787723,Recommended,447040,28785647,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mrilikepie115,Its so funnn!!!!
,Recommended,447040,29158218,Posted: 10 January,all,Sinner Cenewygs,"Here we have a game which really catches your attention, from shoot em up nek minute secret agent hacker it really catches the imagination, top quality game, well worth the $$$ , highly reccomeded too all! Might have you tapeing over your webcams though ;)"
,Recommended,447040,28787824,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ako,how to become hacker :)
,Recommended,447040,29158257,Posted: 10 January,all,m4xm0rris,Mad game
,Recommended,447040,28049842,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HeisenZebra,"Better launch than the first game, if you enjoyed playing through Watch Dogs and all the gadgets that came with it, you'll love what Watch Dogs 2 brings to the table!"
,Recommended,447040,28118686,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Failwin,"I'm so happy that Ubisoft have finally released an optimised game. Running beautifully in 4K, and I hope this is the start of a bright future."
,Recommended,447040,28784287,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Victeldo,"This game is more fun than GTA imo, and running from the cops hasn't been more fun!"
76561198028348702,Recommended,447040,28785524,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Herr Doman,"Ubi went in the right direction this time around, the game doesn't take itself so seriously this time around and is fun to play, the new gadgets are especially fun and give you different playstyle options."
,Recommended,447040,29158253,Posted: 10 January,all,!CCC! Phil the Kobold,if only this one came out first
76561197993713668,Recommended,447040,29160209,Posted: 10 January,all,Vortexian,"Pros:+ The gameplay never gets boring, I can compare it only to the Just Cause 3 in this regard (not a fan of GTA series though).+ Nice dynamic atmosphere compared to the always-on-noire of the original WatchDogs.+ Great skill tree progression mechanics, no more mission-locked skills and progression pushes you towards exploration.+ Runs much smoother than the first WatchDogs (no more stutter while racing) and much much more optimized in terms of the HDD throughput.+ Really nasty police, making you to play more civil and less GTA-style.+ I like playing as a trickster (neutralizing the guards using the environment while sitting somewhere safe, sometimes with a rifle-and-scope) and this game really shines at that.Cons:- There could be more hotkeys for the smartphone features.- Annoying multiplayer (the gameplay is fine, but the events frequency is overwhelming).- Fast travel makes some missions too easy.- Police/gangsters NPCs, called to the scene, are sometimes hilariously dumb and often struggle to find their way back from the buildings with no success.ps/I prefer playing games in English and I really hate the fact that Ubisoft locks you in to your regional language (FarCry 3/4 translations and voice actorship are awful, the original Watch Dogs is barely tolerable), but this is the first game ever that sounds better in Russian to my taste, than in the original English locale (watched lots of English gameplay videos on Twitch&YouTube) and they must have definitely found a good meme-and-tech aware consultant for the translation.PC specs:GTX970 (no OC)2nd gen Core i5 2500k @ 4.9GHz (air cooled)16 GB DDR3 @ 1600 MHZ 11-11-11System SSD: Intel 520 (256 GB)Game library storage: WD Blue 5000AAKX (500 GB, quite slow one)Screen: Asus ProArt 248Q (1920x1200, 24.1 Inch)The game runs smooth 55-60 FPS on 'Very high' with ""Water"" and ""Texture resolution"" on 'high' and ""SF fog"" turned 'off'."
76561198162463280,Recommended,447040,28117680,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,squatcher,"Everything I expected from WD1, but a whole lot more, if you are on the fence buying this, DON'T!!! You will not be disappointed, 8.5/10."
76561197963984747,Recommended,447040,28773842,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,-DFD-FoSSiL818,This game is fun! Runs smoothly with my 780ti Kingpin. So incredibly surprised that this actually came from Ubisoft.
,Recommended,447040,28110550,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Spooky Lizard,Great game. Loved it so far but HOLY SHI- THATS A LOT OF DLC
,Recommended,447040,30761334,Posted: 26 March,all,Mithril,"This was way better than I anticipated.. after the lackluster first entry.. this one is pretty much everything the first version should have been. It is very engaging and hard to let go.. not many games these days where you have the feeling of ""just a little more"".The graphics, music etc.. is well done. And the huge area to play in rival that of most top similar games. There is a lot to do in this world. However, as good as this is.. there are some let downs. The AI isn't very clever, and it doesn't take much to fool the NPCs in it. Also, there doesn't seem to be much in the ways of penalties for behaving badly. In the beginning I restrained myself from killing anyone. Well, that turned out to be a mistake, as nobody really cares what you do. To me, this is something they should work on. Especially your fellow hackers should react to that type of behavior. Not to mention it makes the missions too easy. That said, nothing really prevents you from playing it the hard way. So while it really isn't a problem, other than your own moral code against that type of behavior, the game really could be a lot better if it did take that into consideration a whole lot more than it does.On the technical side.. this game is very stable, and performs very well. I played it on maximum settings on 2K, using a GTX 1080 at full speed. At least I had no framedrops, and the game was very fluid. The sounds are very crisp, and I don't have much to complain about on the technical side of things. As for the ever present micro transactions.. they don't detract from the game play, and is nothing you really need. It is decently enough integrated to not break the immersion too much. And like I said, you can ignore it.All this being said.. it is a fun game, The story isn't the best.. but enjoyable enough. At least I have fun playing it, and I think most will too. So this is a sure recommendation on my part."
76561198077694436,Recommended,447040,32325467,Posted: 10 June,all,Nipple Gurdy™,"After being let down by the first Watch Dogs I didn'tknow what to expect from this game, but I was very surprisedby the variety of content and things to do in this virtualSan Francisco I feel like I am there and that i'm hacking into multiple databasesI really had fun with this game I hope there's a follow up for this one."
,Recommended,447040,29589612,Posted: 30 January,all,Dan Bolivar VO,"I can't relate to the main character. This is a problem that impedes immersion.That's my only complaint; not being able to customize the lead character.I have this issue with any game that locks me into a particular character type. Other than that, the game is rock solid."
,Recommended,447040,28034248,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zoro937,"Not gonna lie, this is probably the most well optimized triple A title this year, played almost 5 hours straight before writing this review, no dips in fps, played on ultra, steady 60+ fps, gameplay is a definite step up from the original, if you're a watch dogs fan or not, you can definitely appreciate this game.  Driving is comprehensive and much more realistic, the only complaint is the guns, shooting feels off but will probably be much better further in the game, the characters are likeable, and have their own style about them.  Ubisoft has definitely stepped their game up with this pc port, it was a smart idea to hold off two weeks for the pc release.  Well done Ubi."
,Recommended,447040,32157795,Posted: 3 June,all,DJ of them all,"I REALLY liked this game. It's very fun to play, whether on story or free-roam. That being said, there are some elements I personally wasn't a big fan of. Summary: It eventually gets repetitive, but I think you'll get enough gameplay for your $60.Now for the full review (for the first section, I'm going to be focusing on major details only):What the game did great on:+Fun, lovable characters+An open and very active (and interactive) world.+GREAT mulitplayer modes, especially free-roaming co-op with friends!+Character customization is almost unlimited+Game gives you freedom to approach a mission however you want!What the game did okay on:-Decent story-I have some optimization issuesWhat I disliked:-Main campaign was too short (after beating it once, I could do it again in about 3-4 hours)-Gets repetitive after a while (this isn't an issue for me, but I know it is for a lot of people)-F***ing Lenni.(There may have been some stuff I forgot to review, so read others before you make a desicion)Overall: 8/10"
76561198203197664,Recommended,447040,33199431,Posted: 3 July,all,jacquimanzi,"I love this game! It's been my favorite of 2017 due to its great gameplay, story, characters, breadth of missions and puzzles, and graphics. It works really well on the PC.Really, really well done. I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,447040,28157190,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Expired Poison,"- There are 6 people between me and my goal- I take cover behind a parked car- I give the one looking at me a fake phonecall and he turns around to answer it- strangle the guy closest- I was spotted in the act, I shoot the guy who found me and shorten the speaker on the guy who donates to extremists groups, causing a very loud noise- I run to take down the guy I called, while beating him I make the car go forward and turn, killing 2 other guys- They are still not sure what's happening, I shorten he speaker again on that *******, because I can- I made a little spark on the charging port behind the last guy to get his attention, then I made a bigger spark to neutralize him.- Short the speaker- made the car go forward and kill the guy on the floor- Short the speaker- At this point I start to feel mercy to the extremist- I shoot him with the taser to choke on his own vomit- I sit down and take out my flying drone to scout the area- I missed a guy, he's panicking all around- I make another guy go forward, killing him- Citizen randomly opens a gate which lets the car drive even more- I get run over by my own car- All while listening to classical music on my phone"
,Recommended,447040,28817630,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,recc,I don't know about you but not being able to hack actual dogs is kind of a bummer...
,Recommended,447040,31538444,Posted: 4 May,all,Ekenwars,"I have to say, I am impressed. I've spent a great time playing this game. After looking at what Ubisoft did to Watch_Dogs, I had to see how they were going to redeem themselves with its sequel. It turns out that this game was filled with fun and thrill that not many games have nowadays.Pros:- Innovative 'hacking' system, revamped and improved- Immersive world of San Fransisco- Interesting and likable characters- Great graphics- Co-op/Solo multiplayer missionsCons:- Plot pacing may start slow at first- Requires completing a lot of side missions to gain perks- Lack of weaponry and combat options (but you are encouraged to play stealthily)- Slight problem with surround audio on headset (Audio does not disperse through L+R equally)- Occasional frame drops/crashA major improvement, Watch_Dogs 2 has exceeded my expectations as a game. It has succesfully created a decent plot and memorable characters, while making the game exciting to play.They also listened to the community and learned from their mistakes from Watch_Dogs. Multiplayer is now great. Most importantly, they fixed the cars and driving mechanics really well.It's a great game if you get tired of GTA V. For singleplayer of course, as the multiplayer is very different and therefore incomparable.8.2/10"
,Recommended,447040,33208023,Posted: 3 July,all,tdogblue1,It is a pretty good game just like the first one but I think youll should work on lowering the RAM take up because even though I have enought RAM storage space it still says that I dont and it is really anoying me please fix this
,Not Recommended,447040,28229813,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Deebz__,"Numerous issues ruin what could otherwise be a fun game.The game will crash if you shoot someone, run your car into something, or even if it feels like you're just having too much fun. In a normal play session, I can't go a single hour without crashing in some way.There are also numerous gamebreaking bugs. For example, cars have a surprisingly frequent tendency to vanish if their owners exit them. You'd also better hope that another player doesn't use their drone against you in an online match, because 9/10 times, they will simply become invisible on your screen (but still actually flying) when you shoot them.In the worst case scenarios, I have lost control of my character in various ways. A few times upon exiting my vehicle, Marcus was stuck in place, completely unable to move. There have also been several occasions where I attempt to deploy my drone, it fails to spawn, and I lose ALL control over Marcus. Completely unable to do anything at all. This has cost me more than a few Bounty Hunter matches.Speaking of online, it just doesn't work most of the time. Between Uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the bed and EasyAntiCheat falling asleep, I get kicked out of more matches than I can actually play. Sometimes the game will even have the courtesy to freeze on the loading screen if it loses connection, forcing you to exit the game. It can even freeze during matchmaking, and remain broken until you join another type of match. If this happens while you are calling a bounty on yourself, the other game modes are unavailable, which forces you to restart the game again.Probably the most annoying part about all of this though is that you can spend several minutes attempting to connect to a specific game mode, only to have the game abruptly end matchmaking and pair you up with a co-op partner or even a hacking invader. It's as if the game is consciously giving you the middle finger when that happens.Performance is also pretty bad, even on top end hardware. Even if you knock down a few settings to maintain 60 fps most of the time (and you WILL need to), there are some parts of the map that will drop you into the 30s regardless of your settings.As for the story, I didn't care for it at all. Plenty of cliches, badly written SJW type characters who seem to have no problem commiting acts of domestic terrorism, and an attempt at a serious story line that's completely overshadowed by the goofy nature of the game.It also feels rushed in several places. For example, one of the characters gets killed during the story line by a completely random street gang, and is forgotten 5 minutes later. Amusingly though, he will still comment on your ScoutX photos even after his death... just goes to show how little testing was done on this game before release.I was also disappointed that many of the side activities from the original Watch Dogs were dropped this time around. Digital trips, drinking games, poker, chess, etc are no longer available. Side missions are more thought out this time around at least (instead of being the same few types of ""contract"" missions copied and pasted around the city), but after you complete them, there is not much to do in the game aside from attempting to play online.Also, microtransactions. Sure they're only cosmetics, but some aren't even included with the season pass. This means that even if you spend $100 on the game, they will still ask more money out of you to get all of the content. This is unacceptable in a full priced game.Really, the only good part about this game is the map. Despite everything else, it is very well built and offers plenty of opportunities for exploration and clever puzzle solving. Some areas like Alcatraz are also modeled very much like the real thing. There are also plenty of rooftops you can legitimately climb up this time around, unlike the original Watch Dogs where almost every roof was considered a glitch spot. All in all, this is one of the best open worlds of any game I've ever played.Overall though, I just can't reccomend this game in its current form. Almost every time I stop playing is due to either a crash, or me being fed up with glitches hampering my attempts at playing it."
,Recommended,447040,33204105,Posted: 3 July,all,frosteh,"Aside from the performance issues that seem to be fixed, Watch Dogs 2 is great. Personally, I like the characters and the storyline. The graphics are decent and Ubisoft did an awesome job of recreating San Francisco. However, I did miss some features from the first game. If you can get this game on sale for any amount and enjoy open-world story games, buy it."
76561198161913115,Recommended,447040,33338010,Posted: 7 July,all,PROPHET.cs.money,its one awesome game and cant complain about it.
,Recommended,447040,33279430,Posted: 5 July,all,dolph3k,fun. would recomend
,Recommended,447040,29266785,Posted: 14 January,all,T E R D U G A,"i got bored in around 34 hour of play of watch_Dogs 1 and don't want to play it unless i missed it. That's before the launch of Watch_Dogs 2. I play this game and LITTERALY (Sorry for wrong spelling) THE MOST HONEST, GREAT, GAME that i have been playing on the Watch_Dogs Franchise. This game, I like very much, and the multiplayer i play with my friend, is the best i have ever play. I RECOMMEND this game to people who wants a game with slow, smart, and futuristic as a game can be in 2016, even though i am making this review in 2017. I WILL BE PLAYING THIS GAME ONCE A WEEK. Only games i think is good enough i will be playing in my spare time, and there's already CS:GO. point is, a good choice for people interested in hacking, story, (The story feels very strong in this one) and multiplayer. It's fun, and better.CANT WAIT FOR WATCH_DOGS 3 M8!!!"
,Recommended,447040,28771698,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,aninsaneostrich,I punched a robot twice and it suicide bombed someone. 10/10.
,Recommended,447040,33298551,Posted: 5 July,all,Svensk kunt,"I don't think I'll get bored of this, It's so fun."
76561198057450323,Recommended,447040,33393750,Posted: 8 July,all,ho888sg,Similar to GTA genre but with more stealth. Overall nice game.
,Recommended,447040,28120498,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Azure,"GTA 5? Oh please.Watch Dogs 2 blows that crap out of the water. (In my opinion)WD2 is easily on my top ten favorite games list.The story is great, there are tons of ways to earn money, and you get to f*ck around with yourhacking abilities! The only con are the guns in multiplayer. It makes online matches so short and dull, escpecially when they just snipe you in the head or something. But still, if you are in co-op with a friend being chased by San Francisco PD, feel free to let those bullets fly!Awesome game.You did good Ubisoft, real good. Maybe even the best."
,Recommended,447040,28120609,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Cactus Puncher,"Not a huge ubisoft fan ever since the last Watch_Dogs 'incident' but I am thoroughly impressed by its sequel, 9/10."
76561198017040995,Recommended,447040,28799143,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Daruud,"As of now, Watch_Dogs 2 has all the features that they should have had in the original Watch_Dogs game.* This will update as I progress in the game.* Also see my review for the first Watch_Dogs game.TL/DRFirst hours was really fun and the gameplay and new elements felt smooth and balanced.I have had a few chashes and advise the developers to patch and maintain their product.Its good though.Some upgraded and new features caught my attention versus the old one.- The Driving is much better and it's actually playable now.- The free-run is improved, smooth and with less bugs.- More immersive hacking actions added.- The Profiler option is more user-friendly.- The Remote Controlled gameplay is really cool and helpful, and it gives you a new way to approach the Open World.-  The graphics are better, and the NPC's and the world feels more alive than before.The empty Watch_Dogs 1 PromisesThe developers didn't give us an abundance of empty promises this time(Like the option to play with console and pc players as a drone with your iPad)(Also the graphics and overall feel from the E3 Demo was non-existent in the final version)FINALLYThey actually got their act together on this one. And I hope this can be the turning point for the developers in their darkest time yet.Daruud Out."
76561198330786367,Recommended,447040,33378313,Posted: 8 July,all,pennyS,This game is giving players the ability to do whatever they want
,Recommended,447040,29871807,Posted: 12 February,all,morph113,"Although not anywhere close to GTA V yet, it's a big improvement over WD1. The hacking is more interesting and diverse and the driving doesn't completely suck. It's worth a by in my opinion."
,Recommended,447040,28885020,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Karunamon,"Solves every complaint of the first game, and then someAfter the derailed hype train cluster♥♥♥♥ that was the first Watch_Dogs, I'd given up on the series altogether. I didn't care one whit for that jackass Aiden, or those groups of jackasses in Dedsec.It would take a continuity reboot for this universe to be even sort of appealing again.And i'll be damned if that isn'tEXACTLYwhat they pulled off here.Where WD1 had a bland, unlikeable main character and a bunch of forgettable secondaries, WD2 has a relatable main character with personality, and a memorable set of secondaries.Where WD1 completely destroyed suspension of disbelief with the whole hacking thing, WD2 it's actually explained and makes logical sense (if a bit embellished)Where WD1s Dedsec consisted of one person and a nameless background exposed through the occasional bonus cutscene, WD2s Dedsec is composed of actual people with names that you talk to. And on top of that, the group (a pretty blatant sendup of Anonymous or perhaps Lulzsec) is actually believable.But enough about comparisons. While some will pan the story writing as unbelievable or cringeworthy, you need to keep in mind that these are direct references to real life orgs. Dedsec is an analog of Anonymous. New Dawn is an analog of Scientology. Nudle is an analog of Google. On and on and on. The writers here did the best they could without getting bent over a table in court for trademark infringement. If you're at all familiar with tech, and these companies, realize that everything happening in this gamecould literally be happening in real life. And that, IMO, excuses the occasional bit of corniness.The multiplayer is basically seamless. You'll be on your way to a mission, and get a ping that some guy nearby (actually another guy in another game) is tearing stuff up. You can then engage them, or ignore it. This just *happens* - you don't have to ""sign in"" or ""accept"" anything. This gives the world (basically a to-scale version of the SF Bay area) a very alive, dynamic feel.The GoodNearly every complaint from WD1 is addressed and solved.The story is engaging and believableFinally a deviation from the Standard Open World Ubisoft Game tropes that dominated the last gameGreat characters that you'll probably remember after the story is doneReferences/sendups of real life groups abound, and won't feel dated after a few years.The BadYour enjoyment of the story is directly linked to how much you know about the company/group analogs. If you know nothing about Scientology, you'll miss a lot of hidden meaning in the New Dawn arc, for instance.Poorly optimized - make sure your machine is well within the ""recommended"", rather than the ""minimum"" sysreqs. If you have less than 8G of memory, you're gonna have a bad time.The UglyExpect a sequel. Don't expect it to be good. This is going to be hard to top.OverallA worthy successor to the original, and probably my favorite game of 2016. It actually earns the AAA price it commands. Thumbs up, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,447040,28936134,Posted: 2 January,all,jek,"Pros:-Colorful, interesting world-Well written characters-Lots to do, good side quests-Compelling story-Naturally progressive skill system-Great music-Familiar gunplay/driving mechanics\-Levels carefully crafted for stealthCons:-Often drops below 60 FPS on high settings using a 980 Ti-Poor voice acting at times-Strangely implemented multiplayer (Sometimes it's interesting, but it's usually annoying)-Uplay-Cosmetic in-app purchases"
76561198203218041,Recommended,447040,28126381,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RANDOM_IDIOT,"WATCH_DOGS 2GAMEPLAY: 9/10ONLINE: 7.5/10CHARACTERS: 8/10CITY: 10/10Wow. I've been waiting for a really good Ubisoft game for a while and this is it. This game has improved from the last game in every way, and I mean every way. Likeable protagonist, likeable side characters, nice graphics (nothing special but good.) Nice story, bigger city, better character customisation, better gameplay and much much more. Unlike the last game this one doesn't take itself too seriously and is more light-hearted than the first one, which is a much bigger plus from the last game.The city is also 2 times bigger this time, so you'll have a lot to do. The good thing about this game is that you, the player isn't forced to play the story right away and afterwards get to free roam. No, no, no. You complete the first mission and you can do anything you want, you don't have to play the story missions to complete the game. You can play side missions or coop, or take a ride around the city (Driving has been improved from the first game). Seriously this game has a lot to do. You won't get bored in a while.The gameplay has also been improved a lot, in the last game you were limited with only a couple hacks. (For example, change lights, blow up steam pipes and so on...) But now you can do almost anything, control cars, hack anyone on the street and so on. San Francisco (which is a great location for this game) is your playground. Do whatever you want! (Also there is no reputation system in the game like last time!)Also the mission gameplay has changed a lot, now you have 3 ways to complete a mission. You can use Stealth, where you use your melee weapon the thunderball, your taser gun, and hacking skills to take down your enemies.Or, if you don't want stealth you can be a ""Trikster"", which is pretty much stealth but you do not enter the mission area yourself. Instead you use you're RC car, and Drone to do the mission. Yes, you can complete entire missions without entering the area!Or if you don't want to be sneaky, take a big gun and go in Loud. And like you can already guess, you just shoot everyone you see.The online has also been improved, in the last game there were only a couple modes which you could do, and all of them felt pretty much the same. But now you can find players online in your world doing their own stuff, you can invade them like in the last game. But this time it's more fun because you have to use all your new gadgets to find the hacker. Or you can be friends with them and coop for missions.I'm giving this 9/10*C0nnection_l0st*"
76561198085596519,Recommended,447040,28947411,Posted: 2 January,all,nabeel20001,"Watch dogs 2 is a game that Watch dogs should have been in the first place!! Hacking in the gaming is expanded most the the things is in open world are hackable ..Sandbox style gameplay mutliple ways to approach objective, that's always a plus game let's you be creative with your hacking abilities!! Story is Upbeat Hipster style save the world bS (nothing special but a servicable campaign)...!! character are likeable..  i am suprised that main protagonist is actually likeable this time around unlike aiden pierce who was interesting but was bland stripped of emotion mofo.!! on gameplay side definet improvewent over the original .. somehow the ♥♥♥♥ed up driving phyiscs this time around it's not bad but can feel a little off putting sometimes!! when it comes to optimisation ubisoft did a good job this time still game can be taxing when you max it out even 1080 can struggle to maintain those 60 fps so don't expect to max out this game!!this game is heavy on CPU my fx 8350 o'cd to 4.4ghz and cpu usage is like 95 percent most of the time .. so yeah game could use a little more work overall a enjoyable experience  7/10"
,Recommended,447040,28952598,Posted: 2 January,all,✪PotatoMato™,"This game in my opinion has taken me by storm as it completely surprised me with its awesome story campaigns which will keep u busy for a good few days or a week, and awesome and better graphics as compared to Watch Dogs 1. The graphics are really detailed and realistic (for etc. The fog on golden gate bridge and many more). It also has a great amount of side missions which allows you to play together with friends and will definitely keep u busy too. Although, it would really be even more awesome if more players could be allowed for co-op missions and free-roaming. This in my opinion has been the second best open-world game after GTA V. Ubisoft has really step its game up. Side note, there are a few pricy DLCs which aren't really worth it to get but overall, definitely thumbs up and would recommend this game ! :)"
76561198108618777,Recommended,447040,28033349,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Assassin's™selawe,Graphics and game good performance evaluated 10/9
76561198013411837,Recommended,447040,28110432,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Krato,"Ubisoft seem to be putting themselves back on the right track.Firstly with Rainbow Six Siege and now Watch Dogs 2, both games are very enjoyable and fun to play while still having good graphics and optimisation. As for Watch dogs 2 it runs great on my PC (4790K + 1080 @ 1440P) where i see highs of 120 FPS and Lows of 55 - 60 in some areas of the game. Thats with my settings on Ultra apart from Shadows (Medium) and MSAA + HBAO disabled.Gameplay wise the game has a great mix of stealth, hacking minigames / puzzles and combat, while still maintaining an interesting story with diverse missions without being repetitive. The multiplayer aspect helps to give some diversity between missions while they can be annoying sometimes. COOP missions are rather lackluster and remind me of Far Crys outposts, that being said with the right people this game is a great laugh with friends.The combat may be fun but the game still has its issues. Guns unlike melee takedowns feel realtivley lackluster and not very impactful, this directly takes away from the combat but i still enjoy it non the less. Another problem i have is the CRAZY long animations to enter and exit hideouts, especially when compared to areas like shops where you can just walk straight through the door it'd be a lot better if this unlock animation was shorter. All in all for Ubisoft have done well with this game especially when compared with their previous track record.Bonus - The ragdolls in this game are absoloutley hilarious and you can take equally hilarious selfies.I reluctantly spent £40 on WD2 (Which i don't do very often for any games)  however i feel it has not been wasted, i wouldn't recommend it to many people while it is still at its high price point, if for some reason liked the first game you'll love this one.Overall i'd give Watchdogs 2 a good 8.5/10 there are still some aspects to improve upon but it's nice to see a big games company taking steps in the right direction."
,Recommended,447040,29907555,Posted: 13 February,all,sparky_sparky,still looking forward to white-boi DLC
,Recommended,447040,29299935,Posted: 16 January,all,Rekkles #Acc4Sell,"I dont post reviews on games... But when i do, the game well deserveres it. Watch Dogs 2 is by far one of the finest made ubisoft game of all time."
,Recommended,447040,30052506,Posted: 19 February,all,RichGrip,It's really fun! I only have 29 hours but I've been able to do a lot! From being able to use the fun hacks to being able to buy a RC and a drone make this game fun!
76561198094717193,Recommended,447040,29073127,Posted: 6 January,all,secondri,"Took the first Watch Dogs, fixed (just about) every issue the game had, added some extra touches, changed the location, characters, and storyline. I genuinley had a great time playing through this game and I feel as if the few flaws that the game has are massivley outweighted by the pros.A fun, engaging, interesting storyline (I should also mention that this game does not take itself seriously and the humor is genuinley funny.) in which you play as a newly recruited member of DedSec, A hacker group whos intention is to fight for the privacy and right of the people by taking down organizations which think otherwise. In fact, the whole game revolves around hacking and it opens up a lot of freedom and interesting options that don't go unnoticed. I personally LOVED the hacking and it truly showed the whole ""the world is connected"" vibe that the devs were going for.The characters you work along with are interesting, have unique traits about them, and are fun to play alongside with. I also want to add that who you play as yourself is one of the few main characters in video games that I actually WANTED to play as.You play in San Fransisco, which the developers have recreated in a way that makes the world truley feel alive and dynamic. While there are a few minor flaws in the citizens and certain areas, it doesn't detract from the world you play in. (I may add that this game is GORGEOUS.) The hacking in the game is tied into the world perfectly and allows for you to truly feel how alive the game is.The few issues lay in the combat and the bugs. The combat hasn't changed that much since the first Watch Dogs, which isn't a totally bad thing. The AI is great and exhillerating to fight against, the stealth, while being fairly linear, is great, but the gunplay is a little lacking and feels like it needs to be polished. I've also noticed a few bugs, which while not being game breaking, can be annoying/confusing. The biggest ones I've found is that restricted areas aren't always restricted (sometimes I show up to an area to steal money or research points and it's completely abandoned when othertimes it's swarming with enemies.) and random times someone will call 911 on me even though I haven't done a thing.Despite the set backs, the game is still phenominal and I would totally recommend it for anyone looking for a new open world game.I don't know,"
,Recommended,447040,29870775,Posted: 12 February,all,livests,"Wery good graphics, driving and colapse with car is litle bit unreal. When you get gun with silencer game gets too easy and you can yust run trought mission. Good story but with remote buggy its way to easy to get acces codes break into areas. You can just sit outside in safe zone to get everything hacked with buggy. I give 8 from 10."
,Recommended,447040,28241725,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,A3 EZ 47,"To start off I did see the reviews for the game, They do have some valid points, but in my idea I still enjoy this one more so then  the other open-world games that have popped up lately. They did respond to the things that were noted witht the last one being too mopey by adding a more upbeat additude. Along with that the nerd/geek humor is also something that appeals to me being a robotics graduate.As for some of the combat/driving mechanics they aren't anything new. But they do let you change the settings to best fit your playstyle.Overall I give it a recommendation"
,Recommended,447040,28271498,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ace,Best Game. 11/10+Best Parkour Mechanics+Best Soundtrack+Best Graphics+Memes Are All Over The Place-♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rendering (will lag even with an nvidia 960)
76561198196668183,Recommended,447040,29792285,Posted: 8 February,all,cled1264,"Watch Dogs2 is a great game, being the sequel to watch Dogs 1 it has everything and more."
,Recommended,447040,29975546,Posted: 16 February,all,ceoadlw,Amazing game! Beautiful location. Mindblowing graphics. Good gameplay. This is the Watch Dogs we were promised! Definitely a must buy for those who were disappointed with the 1st game. They will surely adore this one!
76561198148455156,Recommended,447040,28657578,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,f8lcowboy,I learned how to hack major companies provided by the government.
76561198258740976,Recommended,447040,29485963,Posted: 25 January,all,Tpunch,This game is amazing!The story is good the characters are  fresh not like in the first oneand there is a lot of things to do
,Recommended,447040,29596885,Posted: 30 January,all,✪DяZZ✪,"Epic game, Vast improvement over the first game. Hacking GTA basically now, and would say it is on the same level too :)Excellent graphics, minimal bugs, interesting missions and storyline. Excellent real feeling City. Get it!"
76561198148159842,Recommended,447040,29558447,Posted: 28 January,all,60fps,Nice game...
76561198111999865,Recommended,447040,28743728,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SergeantSusiloCahyono,"please add some number of party , overall is good , but the multiplayer like something that useless , i give yes for city and graphic  but no for multiplayer gameplay"
76561198348341339,Not Recommended,447040,29018848,Posted: 4 January,all,Magnus $,better than thought... improvements needed especially for driving physics...
76561198085171447,Recommended,447040,28962836,Posted: 2 January,all,dogboat333,"First impressions are really important, and video games are no different. About two and a half years ago, people were hyped for the new Ubisoft title Watch_Dogs, a cool looking game where you could hack things to your advantage. It was considered the most disappointing game of 2014, a year that gave us Destiny, Titanfall, and Assassin's Creed Unity, because while both of those games at least had fun gameplay and interesting ideas, Watch_Dogs was just a kind of generic, boring open world GTA ripoff. I haven't played the game yet, and I think I might stay away a bit from it. So when Watch_Dogs 2 was announced, everybody laughed their collective asses off and kind of expected Ubisoft to fail again, and somehow they didn't. How did that happen? Let's see.STORY: You're Marcus Holloway, new member of the hackergroup Dedsec and nerd/hipster hybrid. San Francisco has adopted ctOS 2.0, a security system designed to keep data on all of the citizens of the city and designating certain citizens of a threat, ruining their chances of getting a job. Not liking this, Marcus and his hacker friends decide to go after ctOS and the Blume corporation, which is providing manipulation software to help ctOS keep a track of everyone by gaining supporters who'll download their app to give them processing power so they can hack more stuff. It's a pretty good story, you go after lots of people ranging from parodies of real corporations to a politician who is the amalgamation of Trump and Clinton to Scientologists, and it's fun to take down all of the scumbags that you come across. It has a pretty charged ""♥♥♥♥ the establishment, ♥♥♥♥ big corporations, ♥♥♥♥ corrupt government"" message and has a lot of left leaning political philosophy which is probably gonna hit home for a couple people, so if you aren't really into that side of politics or politics in general. As someone who doesn't care and just cares about the story, though, I didn't mind it and liked the story a lot.GAMEPLAY: Third person, shooter, open world. You carry a stun gun and can carry two other lethal weapons and have a melee weapon to use. You also have your phone, which you can use to hack specific things to your advantage, from distracting guards by having their phones derp out to blowing up underground pipes to more that you can unlock, a RC car, which you can use to scope out locations and even do some of the hacking in the missions so you don't have to worry about having to go there when you go in, as well as a later drone. The shooting is pretty weak, but the stealth gameplay is pretty solid and I enjoyed it. It also is a bit similar to Dishonored in where you can play the whole game without being detected or kill anyone except maybe for a few exceptions at points, which is nice for all of those who want to do pacifist runs.GRAPHICS, WORLD DESIGN, AND PERFORMANCE: 1080p, varying high settings. The game looks very good, beautiful at times even. As someone who has been to San Francisco a couple times, I can say that they did an amazing job with recreating it. It feels like San Francisco, and there are famous locations like the Golden Gate Bridge, the Painted Ladies, Pier 39, and Lombard Street to name a few. I'd recommend putting on the ""San Francisco Fog"" option in the graphics menu, it takes up a bit more of graphical memory but it makes it look just like San Francisco. You can also go to Oakland, Marin, and Silicon Valley, which are also cool to visit. Framerate was a mostly steady 60, few drops here and there but nothing too bad.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING: After getting Aiden Pearce, who was so boring people actually died of boredom from him, Marcus, with a nerdy, charismatic wit to him, is a breath of fresh air. Your hacker crew are nice as well. You have Sitara, Wrench, Horatio, Josh, and T-Bone later on, who are all cool and have their own personalities. Wrench is probably the best of them all, with a goofy mask that covers his face and shows off his emotions. The villain is alright, though he wasn't exactly the most memorable character out there.MULTIPLAYER: Some co-op missions here and there, sometimes players hop into your world to kill you a la Dark Souls, while sometimes they just appear and... do stuff. I didn't mess around with the missions since I had nobody to play with, but the invasions were interesting enough.OTHER: Soundtrack is pretty decent. Orchestrated by artist Hudson Mohawk, it captures some decent electronic hacker-like noise. The radios were a bit lacking though, granted I didn't listen to much of it, namely the pop, rap, and electronic, and that could've been good, I don't know, but the rock section was lacking. I only really payed attention to that and they mainly had some random unknown song and Fortunate Son by Creedence Clearwater Revival, which is a clasic but it's only one song.FINAL THOUGHTS: This game is much better than it has any right to be. 8.5/10, it's a very solid game, and it probably has one of the best open worlds of 2016, probably one of the best games of 2016 despite its flaws. Sixty bucks is a bit of a stretch, I got it for $40 during the sale and I'd say it was worth it, though it could be worth waiting for $30."
,Recommended,447040,28852166,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cyprien (1003.6),Not exactly like San Francisco but great game.
76561197964503571,Recommended,447040,28555500,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rutgerson,Overall GREAT hacker setting with FANTASTIC visuals and a wonderful ensemble cast that will both warm your heart and tickle those funny bones!
,Recommended,447040,28492819,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Benito Mussolini,"In my opinion game of the year!The Pros: The game has good mechanics(driving is a lot better) the graphics are very good, the map is huge. The game is really fun and in every mission you can choose to be a ninja and complete it without getting caught or go full rambo. It is a lot more fun and its brighter/ more colorful than the last one.The Cons: The optimization isnt very good in some places, in some places you can get very high and stable frame rates but in other places and especially when driving fast or police chases you  can get lots of lag spikes(not always). You wont notice it in the beginning tho.I really recommend this game its lots of fun and full of awesome stuff!"
,Recommended,447040,28408497,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,fillmyassholewithleaves,This is game is great. Lots of new stuff on top of the original game buttttt.......i completed everything mission and the game to 100% mission completion in 25.5 hours. I feel this isnt very good because i dont see myself adding any more hours due to the fac that there isnt alot to do online. i usually give a game a good rating if i pay £1 for every hour spent playing which isnt the case with this game as i have played almost half in hours for what the game cost. If there was something to do mission wise after finishing the main story that would be better.
,Recommended,447040,29792315,Posted: 8 February,all,Atomix,"Very fun game, if you liked WD1 you will like this game, even if you didn't like WD1 you will probably like this game. The story is pretty good and easy to follow. San Francisco is a great location and the map is a decent size. Not incredibly huge but not small enough to really complain about. I thoroughly enjoyed the game and I think most people will. I didn't play any of the online stuff so I can't comment on those issues."
,Recommended,447040,29674249,Posted: 3 February,all,Small dik,Great!
,Recommended,447040,29284046,Posted: 15 January,all,Enigma.exe,"For my first Watch Dogs game I have to say it's a pretty awesome game. On PC, the graphics are still very good, despite the occasional crashes and freezes. The gameplay is fairly solid and smooth, and the game does a good job of giving you a lot of options while still making sure it's not too easy. The upgrades for your hacks are super fun, and the characters are all multi-dimensional, likeable characters. It's a great game to get, preferrably on sale.Overall: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28887972,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Arabz,"The game is great. but it needs fixing, I try to play the game and cant even play 10 mins without it crashing. I am over the minimum system requirements. Im pretty sure its a bug not my pc. Really want to play but i cant :( (please fix this Ubisoft)"
76561198097195733,Recommended,447040,28111584,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Happy,the game is awesome but the driving is just horrible
76561197961860435,Recommended,447040,29275201,Posted: 15 January,all,Whyte.Oni,"7/10It's fun, pretty solid mechanics, visuals, all the technical stuff is good, if not great. Where it get's weird for me is the tone. You want to expose a company for jacking up insurance prices, so you end up killing a dozen or so guards and commiting a laundry list of felonies. Or how yuuour group of hackers are obviously the only good guys, so de facto anyone who gets in your way is bad (one notable acception in the game). In the first game (::SPOILERS WARNING::) the baddies killed your neice, and that gave the character a reason to say screw it to everyone else. Here, I just don't feel the rage that justifies what happens.So yeah, it's fun. But I never really care about any of the characters, I just want to play the missions and upgrade the gear. Oh, and the gear is pretty basic and unimaginative. Worth playing if you love open-world-sandbox/GTA-clones, but if you're looking for more than that you should probably look elsewhere."
,Recommended,447040,30050484,Posted: 19 February,all,caremellcraven,"As a famous free-world game presented by Ubisoft, Watch Dogs 2 has successfully catch the gamers eyeballs since it was published in 2016. After many tears experences in Watch dogs, Rainbow six siege, and even Assassin's creed: Syndicate. Ubisoft had learned more about  making action games and free world games, And that is one of the reason why I hold such high expect on this game . However, after 78 hours gameing, I found out that the expection that i was holding is a little bit far from the realily, I have to say, on characterization, whatever through conversation or films, Ubisoft did do as what it should be in the story, Yet even the nice characters and well-designed game-play exeperence can't conceal the emptiness of the main story. And even so, Ubisoft still adds a lots of subline missions that almost diluted the rythem and the completeness that presented by the full story. Also even this game is still playable off-line, the on-line mode is just so tasteless for me, but it is still forgiveable due to the size of the map. In a conclution, I think it is still a nice game to play with, it is a good way to kill time with your friends on Xbox, or have fun with your on-line friends on U-play, But still, I won't recommand this game so much, and in my personal point of view, I think it shouldn't worth that much on Steam for a game like this. But it will be still a nice choice for weekend with friend, if you have enough money to afford this."
,Recommended,447040,28469025,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,✪ Prime,Watch_Dogs 2 Awesome Game you can hack almost everything..it's just awsome.!!
,Recommended,447040,28841274,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TriizyZ,Really good game.
76561198115257148,Recommended,447040,28542927,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,AnDoSIS,The game USUALLY crash and exits to desktop since the first day I played. Please have an update to fix this!
,Recommended,447040,30084755,Posted: 21 February,all,Lethenza,"Runs well on my rig! Here are my thoughts:- Great aesthetic and style- Good humor, generally well written dialogue- Characters are cool but hardly experience any growth throughout the story- Characters are both introduced and written out of the story at random- Gameplay is fantastic, shooting is great, lots of choice in both gameplay and fashion- Stealth is not easy and quite rewarding- Weak villain- Funny pop culture references- Dynamic sandbox- Fun but somewhat shallow co-op- Excellent soundtrackOverall, I recommend it. It's a fun game, just don't expect a particularly strong story."
76561198198632565,Recommended,447040,29109600,Posted: 7 January,all,Hashmaster44,"The gameplay is great, the open world is awesome and very polished, and the hacking mechanics are fun and easy to use. My only complaint is that throughout the entire game, the kinda shove LGBT all in your face, and being someone who doesn't support that, it is a little bit annoying. Like I understand that they are entitled to their opinion, but there is a gay flag on like every corner."
,Recommended,447040,29352756,Posted: 19 January,all,tommosaur,"Right up front: Watch Dogs 2 is a much better game overall than Watch Dogs 1.The scenery is beautiful, the characters are fun and the gameplay is improved and enhanced on many ends compared to Watch Dogs 1.Overall i quite enjoyed my play through of the game.Now some more in depth feedback:Pro:-If one has a good graphics card/cpu this game can look amazing in non spy visionContra:-A big problem there to me though: So i love how the game looks in normal view, San Francisco looks just beautiful in the game, but gameplaywise i basically want to be in spy vision view most of the time, because one can see things like cameras and other things important for the stealthy gameplay approach through walls etc in spy vision.So of my many hours in the game, i was most of the time in spy vision, which makes the game look like total♥♥♥♥♥♥Spy vision (not sure what the actual name is now) is basically making the whole game black and white with a bluish/greyish tint and a noise filter on top. So in summary: It looks super ♥♥♥♥♥♥.But, as said, it is super vital to use it for stealthy gameplay, so i had to have it turned on most of the time.It's a real bummer to me because this vision looks so bad that i was amazed how beautiful the game is without it each time i switched out of it, but then quickly switched back into it again for gameplay.Basically i had to force myself to switch out of spy vision in between during missions to at least get an idea for how nice it can look without it. Hmz...I know it is a typical element of many games since i guess at least the Batman Arkham games to have a spy/detective vision but i think the developers should really reconsider this approach for future games when you basically enforce that your players (at least those who want to play stealthy) have to spend most of their game time in a view mode that makes your game look♥♥♥♥♥♥while it looks so great in the normal view mode.-Pro: There are more stealth options and gadgets than in the previous game and some of them are pretty fun.As in the first game one ""unlocks"" the abilities by collecting skill points (in most cases by completing missions) and then selecting which skill to get/upgrade in a skill tree. There are just more and more interesting skills now.And with money one can buy rc vehicles (or rather make them using the 3d printer in the hacker place =) )So that leads to some gameplay options which are pretty fun for a while.As example: One can control a rc buggy and drone and one can also get a skill which allows ""social media engineering"" to flag an enemy as wanted by the police or as enemy of a gang.So one can then for example fly the drone over a mission area with lots of enemies and tag them as wanted by the police or some gang and then watch how they get picked up by the police or attacked by the gang.-Contra: What's problematic is that these are essentially super powers, they are so strong that if one could use them constantly one could complete most if not all missions very easily. So what the designers have turned to to balance this out a little is that the rc buggy and drone can't get everywhere or not complete all tasks, for some Marcus has to do them and regarding calling reinforcements, that itself has a cool down timer so one can't spam it constantly.But since these are so strong and Marcus himself can do so little, one usually still would most times want to use these, so it turns almost into a waiting game a lot in between where one just waits until the buggy or drone is available again after being taken down (which also has a cooldown timer on it)  or the reinforcements option is available again after timeout.That brings me to another aspect: I wanted to play stealthy and did so most of the time, also because when playing all guns blazing one is usually taken down quickly since the controls for that are quite limited but then when playing stealthy, i felt like there wasn't enough strong and interesting variety i could do with Marcus so i would almost always fall back to using the buggy and drone because the alternative to jump from camera to camera and look for scenery items which can attract enemies and then shock them or explode got boring pretty fast.I also feel like the hacking, while very powerful in effect is basically regarding gameplay and what one does oneself very surface level. Like one can tag an enemy for social engineering calling the cops or a gang on him, but besides using those skills not for example read up some info on the enemy and then for example call him and do a dialogue with some dialogue options for using social engineering with the info one picked up.Also when moving around in mission areas the air vents are pretty much always in dimensions only the buggy or drone can get through so it's like forcing one to only use those then and let Marcus sit somewhere.In between i thought it was fun/cool that he can just sit there with his laptop somewhere in safety and let his ""hacking"" and gadgets do all the work but in between it also felt like enforcing one to play in monotone way despite there could be other options to play, all others were just far less appealing and more limited, so then why should the player not fall back to what always works in most powerful way?Something to consider for Watch Dogs 3 if/when it happens =)SPOILERS BELOW:Then i'm also not sure if i played through it a ""wrong"" way, but at least it felt weird/off how it ended:So one can do main missions (which push the story further) and side missions, lots of them.I mostly played main missions so far thinking i'd first complete the game and then play side missions later.The overarching storyline has one collecting followers so many download the app of the hackers so one gets enough cpu power which is used for fighting the bad guys and then one wants to take down the quasi FB Invite and Blume.But towards the end when i had most main missions done it looked like i had two main mission cards left, one was related to getting enough followers (so that's the ongoing task) and the other was a mission against Invite.When i got to the last sub mission in the invite mission it told me that was the last mission and asked whether i want to do it now or not ready yet.I have to say i HATE it when a game does this and a) does not tell you what it implies (like you can't do x or z afterwards or you should have a b or c prepared ahead cause you need it) and b) the game only has automatic saving with one main save slot and one last checkpoint slot.Because i did the mission then and then it showed an extro and then i was brought back into the game world with both that invite mission and the other ""get enough followers"" mission showing as completed but the extro and last mission didn't have anything on the gain enough followers part nor did i feel like taking down CTOS 2.0 or Blume, or actually using the followers number, it just felt like i had taken down the Invite guy.So then i wondered if i didn't see the proper ending and now have to play through more side missions or that part is now just gone because it shows that  gain enough followers mission as complete now, too.So that's communicated weirdly and a bummer because throughout the whole game it showed after each mission how the followers would go up and present it like that was very important like also to take down Blume and ctos 2.0 with that etc so then weird it didn't feel like that was resolved with the way i played through it.In general that part could have also been very easily addressed by just also allowing the player to keep an own manual save slot (if not several) and re play missions,so i really didn't like that not being available.Anyway, despite all the moaning and (imho deserved) complaining, overall there is a much better game than watch dogs 1 with which one can have a good time, with some great moments in story and gameplay, so for that it gets a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,447040,28292613,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Anks,"Didnt have high hopes with this, after previous release, but its a a lot stable release than previous one. Given that, its still not that optimised the way you want it to be. GTX 970 cant run it at max settings on 1080p, you would still need shadows at high & TXAA/MSAA 4x disabled to get around 30 fps. Game doesnt look good with AA disabled. You can use temporal filtering to boost fps but still looks pathetic. Note that have used high texture pack, you can try without high texture pack to see if it improves fps.Hope they optimise the game a bit more, wold enjoy if can max settings out on 970 with around 40 fps.Onto the game now, side missions are plenty and fun, i am into 9 hours still on 3rd main mission. So plenty of room to explore. Playing around with remote controlled jumper & gyrocopter is really great.Try completing the game without firearms, its more fun that way, most cases stun gun & environment should be enough to pull off any mission. Car mechanics could have been tighter, but overall a decent game."
,Recommended,447040,28036474,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lawreniko,It's not Aiden Pearce.10/10
76561197971336371,Recommended,447040,28078036,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bisa,"Am I dreaming ? Best optimized game so far in 2016  came from Ubisoft ? is this a dreasm hello wake me up !!!.The Graphics are SUPERBNo Fps Drops, Runs Smooth AF !Missions are interesting so ♥♥♥♥ but not dark like watch dogs 1 used to be .car physics is just wow.this game is so much fun , im only 4 hours into the game but got I enjoyed every minute of it so far, I really recommend  it !"
,Recommended,447040,29084368,Posted: 7 January,all,Streaxis,"This game is far better than the first one. It's more fun, funnier and more addictive. The bad thing is the game focused on stealth, less weapon is available to use without going to change it in 3d printer, and it's repetitive. Overall it's a great alternative to the absence of assassin's creed in 2016."
76561197975736940,Recommended,447040,28849604,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Subway,"Absolutely phenomenal game with immersive and unique A.I on an expansive map that is filled with things to see and do on every corner that is impossible to get bored on. Likeable and funny characters and story that I actually cared about and a fun hacking mechanic.The second I installed this game i never got off it and played it 14 hours straight, I had to be forced off my PC at 2am there is just so much stuff to do and so many places to see and I never want to stop playingI love this game."
,Not Recommended,447040,28856048,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hamburger Helper,"Runs absolutely terribly on my 970/fx 8350 w/ 16 gb of ram.  Dips down to 20 on every preset plus geforce's recommended settings. Played around with the settings for an hour and it refused to run properely at all. Jumps from 50 (max) all the way down to 20 for up to 10 seconds at a time. It's a shame, the game was really fun from what worked but it's straight up unplayable like this."
76561198126914242,Recommended,447040,28713406,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kashyap,"The game stutters heavily, not sure why. Seems like optimization issue, because I see my system resources (GTX 970, i5 4590, 8GB RAM) are not maxed out, infact CPU, GPU, VRAM usage drop during those stutters. It simply takes away the experience. The game is good otherwise with nice visuals.After the latest update, the performance issues wrt excessive  RAM usage which was causing the stutters for me have been rectified. I completed the main game. The gameplay mechanics are truly unique. Gets a little repetitive towards the end, but as a package a good game from Ubisoft."
76561198181972955,Recommended,447040,29391905,Posted: 20 January,all,Boomtube,Watch dogs 2 has it's moments :)
,Recommended,447040,29391924,Posted: 20 January,all,XxDEMONHOWLxX,"Good game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashesWatch dogs 2 has really fun puzzles, shooting, driving, and a good campaign. Something that I absolutely hate is how the game has tons of crashes with few checkpoints, destroying your hard earned progress. On this one really long mission, I almost got to the final part, spending 1+ hours until suddenly the game crashes forcing me to restart the entire mission. Please fix"
76561198279386156,Recommended,447040,29911242,Posted: 13 February,all,Mine44xD,"Awesome game for a Singleplayer experience, but not that great Multiplayer."
,Recommended,447040,29556122,Posted: 28 January,all,Pake,"Watch Doggies 2 is a hilarous, explosive, colorful, and erotic game that is fit for anyone looking for a good time. The game really develops a whole new aspect for Ubisoft and redeems itself compared to the last game and keeps you happy with constant action, funny jokes, and awesome moments.+Has an amazing main menu music that entrances you+Soundtrack is above awesome and is one of my favorites+Game lets you play all those songs you listen to in the radio on the go+You can make playlists/favorites and the songs are fantastic+Adds a quiet stealth or loud music depending on missions so you don't even need your own+Option for co-op (yet it would be cooler to do missions with them)+Graphics are pretty decent+The DedSec crew is pretty entertaining as well as Marcus+The clothing stores are very diverse and different making it very unique to what you wear which is awesome!+Car dealerships are cool instead of just unlocking/finding some cars+Paintjobs on the cars/guns are pretty swag+Game is super colorful and vibrant and is truly beautiful+Memes+RC drones+Nonlethal gun+Adds a nice amount of clothes/car customization DLC's for everyone's taste+HUD is updated and better than ever compared to the last game+Botnet points are a unique way to make the game more challenging in desperate times and gets rid of the copy cat ""bullet time""+Graphic artist heaven, so many cool designs not just from Sitara but from the mission templates+Has more interactive phone usage like showing the weather and allowing other apps to be downloaded that the game doesn't force you to making seem more tailored to the players game compared to the last one+News updates on missions outcomes are broadcasted onto the screen instead of radio's audio+Game definitely adds the element of ""fun"" by having tons of missions tailored towards nothing about the main story but just fun whilst hacking!+Has an amazing way of starting mission off short and ending in a huge finale... for every mission+Is very good at being related to pop culture and makes the game feel very current+Game focuses more on a better goal than Aiden Pearce's which was just personal goals, to a global goal to show how everyone believes and trusts in these corporations and how corrupt they really are+Great combat and driving+Quick and easy way to make money+Easy to level up+Easy game overall-Recurring glitch where the music won't play or won't show what song is playing/won't shuffle-No Steam achievements (a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t multiplayer and Ubisoft Club achieves)-Multiplayer is very forced and can be super unfair a lot (every time you load the game it has a notification for a multiplayer mission and constantly refreshes it even if you play them all, and keeps notifying you of someone else's game                                                    you can join way to much and a lot of the time has impossible locations to find someone else who is hacking/higher level people who are to skilled for you)-Has repetitive motives to ""force"" you to do multiplayer actions-Throws you into multiplayer even during missions-Having someone join your game for co-op is bothersome-Constant glitch where when I would order a car with ""Car On Demand"" it wouldn't spawn but will still have the cooldown-""Car on Demand"" will a lot of times spawn cars so far away from you making it pointless to even order them (sometimes even spawns them on the top floor of parking garages and actual roofs)-A lot of the silent takedowns are very quick, ruining the immersion that you actually subdued that person-Few paint jobs are very stretched and look awful-The most expensive car in the game is so expensive you would have to go through the entire game without buying anything and saving up or doing constant multiplayer missions to get-No car customization (besides the paintjobs)-Almost every story related outfit unlocked is super ugly and unwearable-Has some non-mission DLC's that just add new content that isn't really useable when the game is completed-The other HQ's besides the main are awkward in the fact of the people in there are boring and lifeless with one line-Many of the other HQ's front doors are clear to the public and ruin immersion-Several cutscenes and other times where a person will be ""using"" their phone yet the phone shows a blurry image of the home screen-Pretty lame that you get kicked out for being into a cTos server for too long-Lot of the ""Uber"" missions are quite boring and get repetitive-Several useless skills-Many playermodels are re-used as well as some minor characters have the same voice-actor yet they are different people in game-Has a lot of very repetitive moments and the game can seem to be very constant-Seems the only problem people have with this game (from the reviews) is that the game disconnects people for being an actual hacker in the game when they aren't (didn't happen to me but dang)I love Watch_Dogs 2!!! It by far has to be my favorite game of 2016 even though it came out at the end of the year it was just so fantastic. The game keeps you wanting more with the missions set up like a good essay with a short and sweet intro and an epic big finale! The characters are hilarious and entertaining and the story is unique and quant. Definitely redeems itself from its former game even though it wasn't that bad this one is so ♥♥♥♥ing good.***SPOILER SECTION***+T-Bone reappearance and a big one+Aiden appearance+Wearable Aiden clothes+Cyberdriver ending was badass+The ATM hacking was pretty fun but pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up+Pretty cool that the game has you completely ♥♥♥♥ed and you have to pick yourself back up to fix things+The giant ♥♥♥♥ing robot spider was badass+Playing as the rest of the group was ♥♥♥♥ing cool+Characters are super lively and fun to be around-Horatio was completely pushed ever since the first mission. He rarely showed up in missions compared to the rest of the team and made him seem just like the guy to announce that there was some multiplayer event going on. However there seemed to be I believe 2 or 3 missions he was actually in and focused him primarily through.-The fact that Horatio died is quite laughable as due to the fact of all the group members you decide to kill off you kill the guy who was in the least missions and everyone knows least and that would not affect that much anger/sadness in players-Horatio died to the Tezcas was pretty lame on how yes, you did kill the least interactive guy in the game but you still did it over something stupid and pointless. It would have been better if Dusan killed him and livestreamed it.-Marcus' connections to Miranda were never explained and random-The ""Always On"" mission is abrupt and idk how flickering the lights and changing the music servers her a lesson-Interesting and entertaining that they added in a rival hacker group but what was♥♥♥♥♥♥is that after the whole conflict with Lenni she just disappears and that's it. Wish you could have killed her and crippled the P8's-Yet again lame that HaDocK was just pushed off and was never found or anything came from it-Funny how when you play as the rest of the group they have the same melee weapon-Weird how when you play as Sitara, whenever she talks to herself it's for some reason on a voice channel-Hate the fact that the ending just ends with you hacking into Blume's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥because you've exposed them and all you do is visit Dusan and rub it in his face. Wish you could have killed him with a big epic finale instead of arriving at his place later going ""haha"" as well as you don't even get to see him arrested/behind bars.-I feel that the Zodiac mission was ♥♥♥♥ing trash. The fact that it isn't even the real Zodiac and that all you do is take pictures of dead bodies and then find his location is boring... really? How is that fun. Then to top it off he ♥♥♥♥ing kills himself you don't even get the satisfaction of arresting him. :/"
76561198150307225,Recommended,447040,29935514,Posted: 14 February,all,stelliplayer,i like this game but it doesnt open enymore.the story line was good and fun.the world is good an big.and meny cars.
,Recommended,447040,29568054,Posted: 29 January,all,Amas,"sorry 4 bad english :Dgame is actually awesomegood storyamazing co opbest parkour system i ever seen :Du can have very funny moments with your firends so if u have any friend to play with him/her game will be fu*king lovely 4 ugraphic is good (not awesome but 4 ubisoft it is so good :) )driving is much better than wd1 and has good drifting and its goodthe game has many different missions like : main operations , side operations , paint jobs , online operations and ... so u never get bored of itshooting is good (not perfect) and game have many and interesting weaponsactually at first i didn't believe that ubisoft made this :D until i saw the frame rate of the game and 4 me its locked between 29-39 fps . it didn't hurt me but i hope ubisoft fix it.overall i recommend this game 4 all of u.i hope ubisoft keep this way and make more good games and get back to the top days of it.8.5/10 is good 4 it i thing :Dso have fun :)"
,Recommended,447040,29666294,Posted: 3 February,all,Fox Mulder 👽,You can pet dogs.10/10 would spend all day petting doggos.
,Recommended,447040,28808659,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CL1504,"Played this game for over 48 hours now and to be honest I'm finding it frustrating. The game is very good on Normal Difficutly, but the game just falls apart on Realsitic. The movement is good for parkour but the cover system is possibly the worst i've seen. Shooting is okay but after a while you will get bored of the fact you can shoot someone in the head (where there is no armour) and it will not kill them, yet you will die in literally 2 shots to the chest (As should be on realistic difficulty, so no complaints about the player's damage model, just the AI's). There's also the fact that the hit-reg through boxes is appalling. These are $40,000 - $120,000 weapons and they can't even penetrate wood? Come on Ubisoft, get your act together. On the matter of Ubisoft... bugs... and boy are there a lot of bugs. Simple things like being unable to escape the law even though they don't have line of sight to you and missions not ending because even though you've completed the objective. Honestly... If you want to really enjoy this game... Play it on Normal: It's very enjoyable. But for someone like me who wants to have a challenge... this isn't the game for you. There is no comparison between this and GTA V. GTA V is a much stronger game with better physics, gun play and the ability to run at 60 fps while looking better on a much bigger map."
,Recommended,447040,28812497,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,foxxo,"its a good game, but seriously NEEDS to be optimized for any computer out of silicon valley."
,Recommended,447040,28889770,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rawr xd,"I was a victim to the overhype of Watch_Dogs and like everyone else, was greatly dissapointed. So, naturally I was a little reluctant to buying Watch_Dogs 2. I'm so glad I did. Lets go over what's great about the game and what is not good about the game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros-Great GraphicsFunny And Interesting DialougeUnique And Interesting MissionsSelfiesCan Frame Someone To Get Arrested By Cops Or A GangMany Different Ways to Finish A MissionControl Cars With No Drivers To Run Over People--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons-FPS Drop When Driving Sometimes--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------All in all probably my most favorite game I've ever reviewed. 10/10 Would hack again."
,Recommended,447040,29021064,Posted: 4 January,all,Elynt,"Lots of bugs, nothing game breaking though. Don't let that make you think that this isn't a good game however. It's a blast"
,Recommended,447040,28293250,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Facite,"I barely write reviews but now i just have to, and I will tell you what made me do this.First of all I wanna go over a few Pros and Cons, I think it is just the easiest way of showing what is good and what not.Starting with the PROs:-NOT DOWNGRADED (Even I was surprised and i had to think a long time if I want to buy another Ubisoft Game, now i don't regret nothing)-Beautiful Animations-Scenery-Very exciting Lighting-Cool Phone Concept-Better Story than in the first game (i can tell already, I just played a few hours tho and thats a good thing to be able to tell after such a short time)-More Interesting Characters overall-Vehicle Damages look so much more statisfying-Quadrocopter/Drone-Good Stealth - especially hard at ""Realistic"" difficulty-Sudden Coop MissionsCONs:-Standard Key Bindings are a bit complicated and hard for realtime events like a police chase f.e., although you get used to it, or simply change like I did-Map seems a bit empty and small (It's actually pretty big, it just appears small on your phone)-Sudden Coop Missions ( Yes, it is positive and negative as well, because some people just want to play the game by themselves, at least the main story, so this could maybe disturb)Now for the reason I am writing this Review:Eversince, I have been a big Fan of the first Knight Rider TV-Show (80s, The newer one, i think 2008, was a ♥♥♥♥ing disaster). If you know and maybe even love the series as much as I do you will be positively surprised by a certain reference to it. Maybe it is almost a copy.I enjoyed this game to this point and i believe strongly, that this is also the case when i am done playing this game. NO REGRATS"
76561198157243841,Recommended,447040,28307956,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SIKE96,I't's a good game overall .The performance is good (i would prefer the fov slider to go lower but ok) the game so far is ok .the gameplay is smoth and fun and i haven't notice any buggs in the online part . If you are looking for an open world game with fun gameplay but not the strongest storyline i would suggest you to buy it .
76561198305387716,Recommended,447040,29456960,Posted: 23 January,all,hynking,"Watch_dog2 is awesome.If you like anti-utopia,cyberpunk,just buy it.Act like an hacker."
,Recommended,447040,29930861,Posted: 14 February,all,JewelStar,"The views in this game is absolutly gorgeous. However, there are few things I want to see but this game could not bring them to me. First of all, I Really want to see rush hours in San Francisco. I have heard of it but I have never been to San Francisco. I guess too much people on street in game would give computer a lot of burden. Such a shame. Second, there are  lots of random things going on on streets. I llike this design but sometimes the AI is not smart enough so the event could be hilarious. Third, sending gang members to FBI building is fun. Don't ask me how I know it. ;P  Overall, it's a good game. Good story, I like it alot."
,Recommended,447040,29021331,Posted: 4 January,all,irrecoverable,"Amazing game. I bought it for a friend and he hasn't been able to start it, the game is labor-intensive on the computer so that is the only negative to it. I am running a Radeon 6950 and runs it fine 30-40 FPS. The gameplay is a lot more fun than watch dogs 1, and the hacking is certainly a lot more realistic. The only thing that I question is the ""Botnet Charge""  and the steam pipes. The other things are usually perfectly realistic in hacking."
,Recommended,447040,29449649,Posted: 23 January,all,Destiny,"Seems to be much better than the first one so far.Multiplayer was pretty fun, nothing outstanding though.  Story is kinda meh so far but there is a huge variety of other things to do that help alleviate that.  Graphics are significantly improved from the first, which in my opinion looked significantly worse than other games in its era.  Now it is more on par with other modern games, but some of the shadowing effects and the fog effects look really nice if you have the rig to run them properly.  I had no problems with the optimization of the game, as it seems to run flawlessly for me."
76561198081379071,Recommended,447040,29384801,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr_Contrary,Best game of the year (2016) 10/10
,Recommended,447040,29347295,Posted: 18 January,all,Remove Bees,"I was very skeptical going into Watch_Dogs 2. I thought my PC couldnt run it, that it wouldn't live up to my expectations of being better than the first one, That the driving would still suck♥♥♥♥♥ that the story would be minimal as heck, that there would be no dead niece.Watch_Dogs 2 is an entirely better game, having me fall in love with it's cast within the first hour. The gameplay is very much improved from the first game, and while I personally didn't find the first game bad, but rather disappointing since I knew what they had promised. Here, they knew what they could and couldn't do and gave us what we expected. They fixed about everything that was wrong with the first game as well as improved it greatly.The story is excellent. I love all the characters. I like how everything isnt just a ""kill bad guy"" scenario but instead ""ruin the bad guy"" kind of thing. You aren't some empty trench coat of no personality this time around. You are Marcus Holloway, the streetwise hacker bro. Marcus feels like an actual person more than a character, he's relatable to the point where you can imagine having a conversation with him in the same room. Every character feels like this, almost, and the fact that the pop culture references are there doesn't help.The co-op feature is going to keep me on this game, teaming up with a friend to do missions or simply play Outrun with the cops is a blast.On my hardware, I get iffy, but playable frames. Im running on a GTX 750Ti and the game runs well and looks good on medium for me.Honestly even if you dont like video games all that much you need to play this game.Only complaint I have is that there is no dead niece."
,Recommended,447040,28913934,Posted: 1 January,all,Salad Man,The game has problems like the port is rather disappointing and it had the usual Ubisoft issue it can feel repetitive but for what the game is its good fun with somke interesting missions to do and a beautiful world to explore.
,Recommended,447040,28917382,Posted: 1 January,all,monishthemollusc,This game is much much better gameplay wise as compared to the original which I still enjoyed. The storyline is more engaging in someways but more ridiculous in others. The performance isnt great but lowring certain settings is enough for easy 60 fps on my 960. In total very nice
,Recommended,447040,28936949,Posted: 2 January,all,Jeffy =D,Really great and amazing game bruh :D   (***MY OPINION***)- Graphics is super GORGEOUS- Gameplay is very open and fun- Story is kinda good but not great- City is colorful and feel alive- Nice character customization (Clothing & Skills)- Good control and parkour- New hackable objects and features- Really good stealth system- Good driving system (I don't find it bad at all)This game is an amazing game and very gorgeous and colorful.Overall Score: 9.5 / 10
,Recommended,447040,28932908,Posted: 2 January,all,FacepalmRunner,"This game reminds me of those old time ubisoft games. So decent, so immersive. This is definitely the best game ubisoft has published in recent years; and more importantly, it's made by ubisoft's own studio. Really a nice piece of work."
,Recommended,447040,28698137,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,akashi shiroe,I'm not expect the game really good like this mate9/11 to mekappa
,Recommended,447040,28844931,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AlexFL7000,"Great Game!What's Good:Online is betterBetter MissionsWhat's Bad:Hm, nothings Bad!99/100"
76561198209396355,Recommended,447040,29182463,Posted: 11 January,all,✯Eero89✯,"This is one of the most fun open-world games I have played in a long time. I liked it a lot better than GTAV because the storyline was more engaging and fun to follow.PROS:- Tons to do, been pumping hours into this game and I'm no where near doing it all- Great story line, you feel like you are actually doing something- Easy multi-player, the systems pulls people together and seperates them as needed- Decent enemy AI, not perfect but good enough that you sometimes get trapped- Amazing driving mechanics, driving is fun but add in control over lights and steam pipe explosions and other road hazards and it gets hillarious- Small things like the Scout app where you take selfies at landmarks are coolCONS:- Pedestrian AI is pretty annoying- Hacking mechanics get really repetitive after a while- Multiplayer anti-cheat is glitchy and causes a lot of failures- Call me old school, but I think you should have to visit each fast-travel point on the map to open them up, too easy all open out of the box- Fps drops sometimesAll in all, I've throughly enjoyed playing this game. My favorite in the last few years. I've almost finished it and it should be interesting to see if I keep playing after the story line is complete."
76561197967324471,Recommended,447040,29113132,Posted: 8 January,all,H.U.N.K,Was absolutely bored to tears with watchdogs 1 havn't finished it dont want to it's boring and the hacking was just annoying and never worked when you wanted it to anyway.Bought this one out of sheer boredom with nothing to play wasn't expecting much.But im glad I took a punt it's a bloody good game combat is fluid hacking is actualy useful this time around and the story is lighthearted funny and doesn't take itself seriously like in the first it's a realy fun game all around.Once in a while and I mean once in a while UBI actualy pull off a good game and this is one of them.
,Recommended,447040,29153529,Posted: 9 January,all,Zxertolicvnation,MAybe one of the greatest games ever created
,Recommended,447040,28518226,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BARACK OBAMA,"The best open world GTA-style game I've played in years. The environmental interactions and game mechanics are really creative and entertaining, the story utterly avoids taking itself seriously, and San Francisco is a lovely setting for a video game."
,Recommended,447040,28550238,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jacko,yep
,Recommended,447040,28670347,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BrupcatBR,"Watch Dogs 2 is one damn of a fine game that improves in everything that the previous did wrong, and it went up and beyond. I will make a full review, but it won't be soon at all. But here's my rating so far. And a few of my thoughts:WD2 is a game, indirect sequel to Watch_Dogs which are both developed by Ubisoft. In both games they are third person shooters where we take the role of a hacker. In Watch_Dogs 2 we play as Marcus, a guy which is getting into Dedsec in the start of the game by hacking into the CTOS, a company which is controlling safety and privacy of San Francisco and most of the US. After we get accepted for Dedsec, we finally get to meet the cast and now we are on our journey to fight back against Dedsec while many other things happen along the way. Starting off the review, Watch_Dogs 2 very well written, by the fact it doesn't take itself so seriously, and most importantly? If you take away the goofy fun, it's still a great story with great characters. It has a cast that shines, it really shines. Voice-acting is fantastic aswell, but the only thing that bothers me so far is the puzzles. They're good, okay? But... They are very frustrating. Keeping me or nearly anyone from replaying the fantastic single player component it has. While i haven't finished it, it still is truly fantastic and amusing. The world feels extremely lively compared to the first, and just fun to look at. The mainstream references and vibes are great, and would feel cringy, but they are done so well and realistically here which you just feel really good about it. The hacking is much more extensive, although, about the game as a whole, i did prefer the music for the first game more than i did for this one, despite the fact that this one's music is still pretty good; At least the music that is in the menus and missions and stuff. A very solid game so far, really. San Francisco is a big place, and it is beautiful and accurate to what now is San Francisco. Not only that, but in even more contrast to the first game, it has a great PC port which runs extensively well. I am honestly happy this turned out to be this good, and i can barely find any bugs. So far, a fantastic game which does everything that Watch_Dogs 1 did wrong and does it a lot better, and goes on and beyond from just fixing it. In this game, the characters aren't bland and boring like in the first where they have no real personality, in here, the characters show emotion and a lot of happiness, which is lovely. We can explore the city and do a lot of things, such as causing chaos by moving cars around, calling gang members on random people, calling police, making both of them fight each other, it is extremely chaotic. Chaotic like Just Cause 3, not as chaotic, but still, chaos is pretty great here. The game has like i mentioned a large city, which there are parts of it which seem bland, and once you memorize a part of it, it won't seem as large as before. There are issues though, those come by in the secondary missions. They're a time passer more than something you'd like to do for fun and experience in general, while doing your own thing in the city is more fun. The music is good but i didn't find it to be all that great and a little bad actually, as they could have chosen much better music, but it is good music from time to time. Most of the good music (Which there are sadly not many) are coming from an app in the in-game music device. They aren't all that good either though. The shooting is good and the stealth is pretty flawed as you don't have many options. In combat in general, there aren't that many options other than what you use for hacking (Jumper, drones). The customization for weaponry is good but i wished we could get more upgrades for our weapons, and they would be more helpful, really. There are some extremely creative scenes in the campaign, and that's surely a plus. The multiplayer is very fun but sometimes it just gets somewhat annoying and at times it just forces you to go into online activity when you really don't have to, which sucks. The game's loading times are pretty embarassing, as they take really long and at times the game freezes to load up the rest of the textures and map, which when it comes back from the loading, you're probably going to die as your car hits somewhere. The police also gets very annoying as they follow you around till you decide to commit suicide.9.0/10 ~Welcome to San Francisco."
,Recommended,447040,28796191,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RetroGuy3210,"Infinitely better than the first Watch_Dogs. SF is a better setting than rainy Chicago, along with more likeable characters, fun missions, and a story that actually gives real motives for the hackers. The game ignores the first game, and rightly so. This is what the first game should have been."
,Recommended,447040,28106320,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,sHAKA*,I DONT THINK UBI MADE THIS. I MUST BE DREAMING :O
,Recommended,447040,28107992,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Empyrium1,"I think they have done good work But still somethings needs some polishing like Driving interacting with people and the Hacking tools really need some easy to control type of balance, So in totall i would say i really love the game 90% of the timeGraphics : Pretty goodControls : DecentStory : Not finished so i can't tell :)"
,Recommended,447040,28108857,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hazzar,"Edit: I've just played some of the multiplayer aspects, and holy crap, it's fun. These developers haven't just created a multiplayer thats just PvP, they've also created a competition like system which means it's you vs someone else trying to kill an AI or do other things. It's amazing, kudos to the developers.Alright, I've only played this game for about 3-4 hours and owned it for just under 24.Watch_Dogs 2 is more than likely the best game I've played all year.Pros+Decent optimization+Protagonist and other NPC's actually have character compared to WD1+Graphics are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing+Mostly everything is fluid+The amount of options you have to do missions with is great+UI has had a major overhaul and it looks really damn goodCons-Driving is a bit ""eh"" I still like it though i suppose-NVidia♥♥♥♥♥♥sort of annoyed me (even though i own a 1070 lmao)-Seems to be less guns compared to WD1-I miss being able to wear a trench coat and look like a badassIf you played WD1 then you'll know it was alright/borderline bad, WD2 takes the original idea of WD1 and completely re-imagines it in a fun and interesting way with loads of depth to characters whilst improving the rest of the game. If you're skeptical about this game then wait until a sale, if you want a decently big open world with quite a bit to do then I suggest you just buy it now.If I were to give it a rating out of 10 i'd probably give it a 8.5/10.Haters can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves."
76561198044248945,Recommended,447040,28111650,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Xenomorph,"+ Graphics are great (the volumetric fog across the whole city is ograsmic), and the is pretty well optimized+ No bugs, at least for now+ NPCs are interesting and have their own set of activities they do (saw a guy smashing his ex girlfriend's/boyfriend's car and screaming about it)+ Characters are funny and interesting, and I really like the main protagonist+ A lot more hacking freedom compared to the first game+ Interesting missions and lots of fun side activities to do+ Drones and Jumpers are awesome and fun to use+ Memes everywhere- Driving physics are still not good, but definetely better than the first game- Parkour is super fun, but has its ocasional problems- Lethal guns. It doesn't fit the main protagonist to be a mass murderer and breaks the whole character fantasy, use the stun gun instead.- If one enemy detects you, he somehow telepathically connects with all the other enemies and a whole army of them comes after you.9/10"
,Recommended,447040,28043838,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Spectre,"This game is really good. At first, i was a little scared of preordering the deluxe edition because the minimum gpu says gtx 660 but then i still preordered and now i glad i did. On my laptop which has a GTX 960m it runs smoothly with an fps range from 30-45 on medium settings. But sometimes when i am driving it is sluttering a little bit but it is because my gpu doesn't meet the minimum requirements. So overall, thanks Ubisoft for making this game optimized!"
76561198284232679,Recommended,447040,28525783,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,retr0,"Awesome game. Ubisoft has done it this time. A perfect combination of action and strategy. The gameplay and story are both really good. Don't even have to say anything about graphics. That good. Overall, very recommended."
,Recommended,447040,28988525,Posted: 3 January,all,𐌾 𐌵 𐌂 𐌂 𐌆,"Okay huh huh , just lemme say this is one of the best game ive ever played in my life.Holy **** , after this watch dogs 1 is forgiven good damn.10/10 better then sex"
76561198061327106,Recommended,447040,28514456,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SkinnierSteve,"Great game, but runs horribly.The Good:1. Excellent gameplay2. Improves upon the first game in almost every way3. Some of the most beautiful graphics I've ever seen in an open world game4. Very good setting, San Francisco is awesome, and lots of landmarks to visit. It's breathtaking when viewing the city from a mountain or from the top of the golden gate bridge. The game world is about the size of Grand Theft Auto V's world.5. You can hack a lot more than in the first game, including vehicles.6. Drone and RC Jumper is a neat idea and comes in very handy during missions and to fly around hard to reach areas and looking for a way to get to them.7. Lots of side activities. I've been playing a very long time and only did like 3 main missions so far.8. Multiplayer is among the best I've seen in a game. Very fun, especially to hack someone and insult them with your drone while they are looking for you. Co-op missions are also pretty fun.9. Just like the first game, each NPC has their own life and you can see what they are up to by hacking them to see their income, name, career and a random thing about their personal life, and if you see someone with a phone out, you can read what they are texting, and you can listen in on their phone calls. You can even see their mood, and it changes dynamically based on what happens to them.10. You can start gang wars and cop wars against gangs and cops by calling in cops and gangsters to take them down. Well, you can't call cops on cops, but you can call them on security and gangs and everybody else. It's entertaining to watch them fight or arrest people.11. Better music than the first game12. Races, including drone races and dirt bike races and also solar powered go kart races. There's also taxi missions that are based on Driver San Francisco.13. There's a mission where you have to hack into ubisoft (the people who made the game) Their office is in the game.14. You can interact with random people on the streets by using keyboard shortcuts from F3 to F8. I'm not telling which does what interaction, because you need to find out for yourself by trying them all.15. The city feels very alive and dynamic. It's more fun to walk everywhere and see what everyone is up to than to just drive from point A to point B. Walking everywhere can lead to all sorts of diversions, including side missions you can discover, and just random events that happen, like a woman angry at her ex, so she smashes up his car with a baseball bat. I did however discover that not all events are dynamic. I've seen a scene at the church where a man and a woman were argueing, and then they walked away. a minute later I returned to the church, and the exact same thing happened there, but with a different couple. You won't see the same person twice.16. Fantastic clothes customization. Tons of clothing shops and each one has unique clothes. You can also find unique outfits hidden around the world.17. Speaking of finding clothes, there are tons of hidden collectables to find and in this game they are actually useful, because you get upgrade points, money, and more from them.18. The most fun I ever had just messing around in a game. I love causing car crashes, and then watching the NPC's fight, and the cops arresting them.19. So far I'm enjoying the story20. Tons of graphics options.21. NPC's react realistically most of the time. For example, when taking a selfie with someone in the frame, he/she will also pose for the camera. Not all people wants to be on camera though. The reason I say most of the time, is because I killed someone's dog, and he just looked at the dead dog and said: What is this? Then he laughed and walked away as if nothing happened. Although his mood said he was sad, but his reaction was not right.22. Nice water physicsThe Bad:1. Sometimes there's a glitch where you can't see what radio station you chose.2. Sometimes there's a glitch where you can't call the cops or gangs on somebody.3. Very bad performance. No idea why people are saying it runs well. My gtx 1070 can't even run this game smoothly, and most of the extra settings are turned off, for example the extra view distance is turned off, and AA is turned off. All other settings are on Ultra though. Well, except for shadows, I turned it down to PCSS, and I turned headlight shadows down to 2 cars. When it rains, the framrate goes 13 fps lower than normal, so around 43 fps. At night I get high fps, mostly 60. During the day I get between 30 and 60 fps. When looking over large distances it can drop to the high 20's, for example when operating a crane. I saw even people with GTX 1080's and titan XP's can't do full ultra settings on this game with 60 fps.4. Sometimes the game randomly kicks you into offline mode for no reason, but it says it's because you don't have anti-cheat enabled, which I have no idea how to even turn on or off. You have to re-launch the game to fix that bug.5. If you play too long at a time and keep doing the same things, you can feel a little bored at times.Overall, fantastic game, I give it an 8 out of 10! It would be 10 out of 10, but since the game runs like garbage it loses one point, and since there's a few annoying bugs you have to fix by re-launching the game, it loses another point. But overall it is worth a buy. get it if you were disappointed by the first game, but liked the concept. You will love it!"
76561198280470901,Recommended,447040,28690711,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr. Sinx's VACation,"With my time  played so far, it is one of the most beautiful, well-done games I have ever played."
,Recommended,447040,29052018,Posted: 5 January,all,|● TaЛeP ●|,Top41k
,Recommended,447040,28159562,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LNoronha,"Watch Dogs 2 is a big improvement over its predecessor. What I enjoy about it:++ The characters are likeable and the hacker scene is portrayed in a tone that fits the ""righteous prankster"" image we've come to expect from modern movies, books and series.++ Infiltrating secure zones using your flying and wheelie drones is fun and getting it perfect, without being detected and raising the alarm, can be challenging.++ Hacking is a fun way of spreading mayhem anonymously, and also get rid of pursuers during car chases.++ Multiplayer has some fun moments, it blends with the single player game seamlessly with other players entering your game to sneak up on you and try to hack you (or you doing the same to them). It can be annoying when you're about to get something done and suddenly get hacked and either have to ignore it or stop everything and go find your hacker, but you can turn that off in your online settings.Things I don't like:-- Sometimes getting to the mission starter point is a pain, because it's on top of a building and you need to figure out your way to it. I can understand obstacles to accomplish a mission to make it a challenge, but to get it started annoys me when I'm on a ""let's get it all done"" mode.-- Owning a vehicle means you get to use an app to have it instantly appear somewhere in your vicinity, and that's about it. You can't customize it (other than selecting color or decals with the app) or do anything else with it.-- Multiplayer has that issue that any multiplayer with random people has: people who will quit the game when they are about to lose. It's interesting because in Watch Dogs 2 you literally don't lose a thing, money, XP / followers, anything, in fact you get points for participating, and yet there are lame people who will bail out.-- Uplay. I bought this game on Steam because I like Steam, I do not like the fact that it needs to run Uplay to play. Luckily I already had it installed and an account with Ubisoft, otherwise this would really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Things I'm ""meh"" about:-- Guns. I don't understand why this game has guns at all, it doesn't fit the characters or the general mood of the story. I own an assault rifle I happened to pick up during an operation but other than my taser gun I haven't fired any weapons.-- Since I don't care about guns and buying cars is rather pointless, there's nothing to do with money in the game. There are pawn shops where you can sell valuables and restock your ammo - I visited one once just to see what it was about. Only time I spent a good deal of money was to get my flying drone, in the beginning of the game, and that's about it.Lastly, I read a lot of complaints about game crashes, stutters, etc. So far I haven't had any technical or performance issues with the game at all and my system isn't top of the line.Overall I recommend this game, haven't put it down since I purchased it. I do not believe it will have much replayability value though, we'll see."
,Recommended,447040,28502792,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Brainstew,"Functionally, the gameplay is a blend of elements from the GTA series, Sleeping Dogs, Assassin's Creed, 007 Everything or Nothing - of course with more and new takes on stuff too.+Driving feels nice+Stealth/hacking/ghosting is challenging on harder difficulties - very rewarding, varied, and plentiful. RC Car and Quadcopter are fun+Lots of earnables - weapons, cars, clothes, upgrades + a sick perk tree that progresses well+The environments have freakish detail and beauty something akin to The Division+Missions that I actually want to do most of the time-A little demading on hardware-Characters are... one dimensional caricatures. The narrative doesn't really do it for me-Shooting mechanics leave a little bit to be desiredSo yeah, it's pretty good so far"
76561198195683978,Recommended,447040,28666120,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,karthik.jsmith.reddy,very good game very excellent graphics
76561198016774888,Recommended,447040,28111658,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ZULUL,Already pumped more than 27 hours into this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think I'm addicted.Game is dank as hell though. 9/11
76561198073547988,Recommended,447040,28810264,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shrimpy SolitudeRP,my game asks for a cd key or a verification code but i didnt recieve one when i bought it please help
,Recommended,447040,28811062,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,UnsTablE,Great game recommended
,Recommended,447040,28894700,Posted: 1 January,all,Ultra Giga Nigga,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing well optimized, my potato with intergrated graphics can run it without any problems so far. cannot believe this is from Ubisoft."
76561198185560471,Recommended,447040,28942561,Posted: 2 January,all,Spartan ELI73,"Watch dogs 2 takes what Ubisoft tried to do with the first game and improved on it in every aspect; the concept is still the same - hack the world around you to attain your goals. The best part is that the game doesn't take itself seriously, being fun and humourous and is honestly enjoyable to sink a few hours at a time into. The driving is fun and arcady, and the world is expansive and attractive enough to make you want to drive everywhere without using the fast travel feature (which is available anywhere in the world from the get go)There are some issues however. Combat feels clunky, and the stealth, whilst a good element is far from the best utilisation i have seen. The online features whilst fun for a while, do feel as though they were shoehorned in, and it doesn't feel like it has much in replay value. It's also DLC riddled and it feels in some ways as though ubisoft stripped a lot of the aesthetic features from the game as a way to make more money.If you like big silly open world games by all means buy this. With that being said, i would wait until it is on offer rather than pay the full £50 asked"
,Recommended,447040,28474895,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mirroga,"Very good port, I get 45+ constantly on medium vsync off (temporal filtering off as well) and the game looks gorgeous. It's also a really good game. If you in any way liked the first Watch Dogs' gameplay or puzzles, then this one is a good buy. It definitely has a different aesthetic and I don't really like the storyline too much, but the missions are great and the gameplay is really solid."
,Recommended,447040,28114628,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mr.sirmandude,"It's tons of fun, and seems to be optimized for mid-range computers as of right now (folks on the forums with 1080s seem to be having the most problems). I'm running it on an i5 with a GTX 970 and 16gb RAM and I don't have any issues at all with the performance and it looks great running on very high for most things and ultra for some others (I just let GeForce Experience optimize it and it runs great). Occasional FPS drops but nothing that bugs me. I'll admit to not being horribly purist about my FPS though, but if it was bad I'd say so. I also installed the HD textures and they definitely make things look less console-ish and I didn't notice any slow-down.I've found a few tiny annoyances as far as bugs, but nothing major or something that would cause me to put it on the shelf until there are more patches.Story is good if you're okay with the vibe. I like the characters so I'm mostly pleased with it. The missions are good, the side activities are really good. I wish it was less based on real groups and more fictional, but it's doesn't take itself so seriously and so most of the time I can ignore it, mostly, but it nags at me a bit.Anyway, it's worth $60 just for the races, the environment, the craziness that can be caused with hacking, the great NPCs and taxi jobs as far as I'm concerned. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,447040,28028774,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kev,"Ubisoft,thanks!"
,Recommended,447040,29155556,Posted: 9 January,all,HaxasuarusRex,"Ok, so, I would rate this game a 4/5 (if I could rate it like that) and my opinion behind (this is too long if you don't want to read all of it there is a shorter version before my PC specs) that is because I feel that any kind of ubisoft games I play (2 currently, Watch_Dogs 2 and Assassins Creed Black Flag) don't run above 60 fps and I can tell because in my game there is the number of fps you are getting and I never see it go above 60 and I have turned V-Sync off and if you need to know my specs they will be at the end. Sometimes while you are driving at a high speed through the city my game stutters but it catches up. I know I kinda rambled on the first part, sorry.Shorter version:Basically I don't experience above 60 fps but only in the pause menu I do and the game stutters a little when first rendering all of the city in but overall this is a pretty good game.Here are my PC specs:Intel core i5 6400 clocked at 2.7GHz with stock cpu cooler (non overclockable)EGVA GTX 1060 6GBH110M-K motherboard from ASUS16 gigs of DDR4 Ram"
,Recommended,447040,29913090,Posted: 13 February,all,Kilo,"Great game, After you complete the main story (avg. 20 hours took me 18) the side missions become slightly stale and repetetive with not a huge amount of things to do. I loved this game and still do and hope more free expansions come in the near future. 8/10"
76561198152593414,Recommended,447040,29288114,Posted: 15 January,all,VladimirNyeTheCommunistGuy,Great game. Stealth is kinda unrealistic in realistic mode (IKR) though.
76561198310422305,Recommended,447040,28814415,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,projectfx,a complete opposite of watch dogs 1...great game. GTA5 rival for sure.
,Recommended,447040,30015605,Posted: 18 February,all,Megakoresh,"TL; DR:Very good open world semi-stealth game with decent story, funny and likable characters (as long as you don't take it too seriously), lots of hilarious emergent gameplay moments and a good amount of content. Dragged down by inability to hide bodies, unfair detection mechanisms and shallow coop content, which is just repeating MMORPG-style ""quests"". Has a really fun Taxi Driving minigame. Good PC port, detailed world great unscripted AI. Recommend even at full price, but PLEASE don't buy Ubisoft's stupid season pass.Full reviewUbisoft is a very hit and miss company and this game is definitely a hit. They have a trend where the first game in a franchise is usually quite bad or average, and the second is one of the best in the series. Watch Dogs followed the trend so far. If this continues, you can expect the Watch Dogs 3 game to be quite bad or extremely and boringly iterative, as the trend showed before.But as for Watch Dogs 2, this game is quite centered on emergent gameplay (VERY good thing). You are usually thrown in a situation with enemies and some locked doors, given an arsenal of very well-designed and fun tools and told to mess around until you figure it out. All hacking has several options now, you can make a lot of different devices do a lot of different things. For example you can hack civilian cars and make them go in a direction you want, you can remote control forklifts and other maintenance vehicles, you can set up traps from electricity cabinets, and much much more. Really fun.What's not fun is the way they went about designing the stealth-related elements. There are 2 things, which I, stealth action being my favourite genre of games, always considered essential for every stealth game to have:1) Quick saves (might not be possible in an open world game like this). Stealth games have a LOT of waiting. It's annoying to have to do it again after a section when you get detected in the next.2) HIDING BODIES!!! Seriously, Ubisoft, how ♥♥♥♥ing long must you neglect this BASIC mechanic? The first game didn't have it, I was sure it would be in Watch Dogs 2. That's the most basic stealth game design element. Every designer knows this. You don't even have to have hiding places, allowing players to drag bodies around is enough.3) Reasonable discovery timing. Another BASIC stealth game design priciple. When one enemy's alert bar fills up, all enemies in 100m radius CAN NOT instantly telepathically know what that one guy just saw, especially since I knocked him out before he could even say ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"".As you might guess all of the above are missing from Watch Dogs 2. And while lack of quicksaves does get in the way, the biggest show stopper to playing this game in full stealth are number 2 and 3. It's a big shame too, because there are SO many different ways to approach a situation in this game, that the stealth fan in me gets excited every time I enter a restricted area, only be completely crushed by the game's incredibly unfair detection system and inability to hide bodies.A couple of other issues stem from the contradictions certain game elements have with the setting. Namely - lethal weapons. In Watch Dogs 2 you are a member of a ""hacktivist"" group. The story and characters are Saints Row level caricatures, crafted with a lot of love and very little understanding of modern young age society, which in the end gives them a lot of charm. Someone clearly spent a lot of effort creating the light-hearted comedic atmosphere and members of Dedsec, which makes the fact that these nerdy kids happily take a grenade launcher and go up against 20 people with military rifles seem all the more stupid.It is stupid because the kind of characters they have created would NEVER go and just commit a genocide for fun, and it is stupid because nobody, not even US government, would immediately open fire on some teenager with a laptop and a stun gun found in a restricted area. Just doesn't make sense. If they made it so all weapons were shooting electric darts, or otherwise non-lethal projectiles so all ""kills"" are non-lethal, and left every else as it is, it would make a lot more sense. But as it stands they explicitly have lethal and non-lethal takedowns, and non-lethal have actually a severe penalty, since enemies can be woken up and will wake up after some time on their own, and inability to hide bodies exacerbates this penalty.And a third major problem with Watch Dogs 2 is lack of coop mission variety. Single player missions in this game are REALLY fun. They are varied, they have interesting progressive levels, they have unique mechanics (including controlling gigantic spider mech that can go on walls and ceilings, settings traps for upcoming enemies using AR holograms to see where they will stand, guiding a remote control robot through a series of conveyor belts while it mutters quites from various movies from 80s and 90s, and so on). Coop activities, however, have NONE of that. They are literally MMO-style repeating quests. You navigate to some restricted zone on the map and perform one out of five possible objectives - retreival, rescue, hack x devices, point defence, and vehicle delivery. That's it: no context, no story, no extra mechanics. nothing. Very disappointing. I wish there was more to do in coop.Every else in this game is really quite good. Special mention to the Driver San Fracisco (also a great game BTW, highly recommend) taxi minigame. It has a lot of great stories in it and involves a LOT more than just driving people around. It's easy to miss, so do yourself a favour and try it - it's really really good. Watch Dogs 2 is also a good port. It runs relatively well, and looks quite good also. Vehicle handling in this game is also excellent. Cars are arcady, they accelerate and break super-fast, control well, are responsive, and the game gives anamazingsense of speed on some high-powered cars, second to only Burnout Paradize. It is a lot of fun to just drive on a highway enjoying the insane speed you can achieve in this game.As a bonus you can also pet all the dogs in one the street and dance, cheer or flip off any random NPC in the world. They will react, often in hilarious manner, so I spent a lot of time just doing that. Oh and, forgot to mention: the protagonist is also quite likable in this game. He could stand to have a bit more of the ""character"" part in ""Player Character"", but compaired to the king of boring people with poles up the♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was Aiden Pierce, Marcus is definitely not getting in the way of enjoying the game. Plus he has a good smile. They clearly worked hard animating that one."
,Recommended,447040,29890509,Posted: 12 February,all,Geek,What a ride. Love the Main story! All the characters where amazing all with there own skills and personality. Online is fun with a good group of people. 10/10 Can't wait for watch dogs 3 ;)
,Recommended,447040,29505246,Posted: 26 January,all,natonator200,"Overall, great game. I wish there was a multiplayer bounty hunter activity without the police though."
,Recommended,447040,28301368,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Robux Investor,"Great game, decent amount of content, slightly annoying lack of air vehicles. Multiplayer works well, but discourages organized events. Overall very fun, and best to play with one other friend. Solid 7.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28308825,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,KingBlackMocha,Good game get it.
,Recommended,447040,29214779,Posted: 12 January,all,[TSS]Nadeau5,"The game itself is very good, the only problem i have with the game is... that it isn't called Watch_Dogs_2 instead of Watch_Dogs 2."
,Recommended,447040,29234862,Posted: 13 January,all,A N G E R E Y,"if you were wondering, press z to dance"
,Recommended,447040,30055438,Posted: 20 February,all,Srinu427,"Main Story is very short.But what makes this one a good game is the side-missions, and the dedsec in-group conversations.My only problem was the reflection and screen-space reflection quality.The sunlight shaders and shadows are awesome and near realistic (especially on day time, when sunlight is cast on a muddy  and damaged car), whereas the reflections are pixelatte and it feels better to turn ssr off.If they provide a ultra setting to reflections, that would be great."
76561198301132462,Recommended,447040,30082323,Posted: 21 February,all,</MarsISFuture>,"i played this game for over 30 hours i had barely even scratched the surface i had gotten half way through the game by just doing the main missions at the time of me losing my game i had over 8 side missions to still do.the great thing about this game is that it captures the feel of san francisco. even though i had never been there it made feel somehow apart of the city and part of its culture. i had been hyped about this game for a very long time. i wanted this game to be modern and feel good and it did, by just roaming around i felt immense joy at the way the game played and felt. unfortunately i lost the game because steam decided that they should take three games from me and give me debt of 30 dollars. after my ban was lifted i had hoped that i might be able to play it again and satisfy my curiosity on how the game ended but unfortunately i cannot i ahve toi buy kit just to play it. i would buy it again just to experience it all again.the characters are vibrant and make me laugh and smile. the car system could be better but its just a small con in the list of pros.the story is amazing i personally feel its a bit short the fact that i finished half of it in 30 hours makes me depressed because i wanted it to be longer.all in all a really great game that is reall well optimized and just plain beutiful in feeling.9/10 for gameplay8/10 for story11/10 for feeling and open world experience.conclusion i certaintly recommend this to anyone who wants a great experience.totally worth it"
76561198148790676,Recommended,447040,29076978,Posted: 6 January,all,1.618033988749894848204586834365,"I liked how vibrant the world is. The driving in this game isn't too great but not terrible. I thought the story was also kind of short, but I didn't do any side quests. Overall it was a pretty fun game."
76561198335073736,Recommended,447040,29827267,Posted: 10 February,all,CharshGenji,可玩性很高 游戏画面精美 可是bug略多
,Recommended,447040,29888412,Posted: 12 February,all,Rod160,"I was hesitant to buy this game after the first Watch Dogs.  The optimization promises bugged me however I gave it a shot anyway and was bored with in the first two hours.  This game is different I love the characters, that the game did a great job of introducing early in the game.  I also liked the music and just how a live the world felt.  Now this game does feel a little cheesy with how over the top it can get however in some ways it almost reminds me of Saints Row III.   Nowhere near as over the top but a big jump.  By the end of the game I enjoyed the rider and wished for new game plus."
,Recommended,447040,29312260,Posted: 17 January,all,Valor958,"I never played Watch Dogs 1, just never got around to it. So when I heard how it bombed, I waited for feedback before buying WD2. Well, I'm happy I did, and have definitely gotten my money's worth. 30 hours so far, and probably another 30 to go at least.Graphics wise, I think the game is beautiful. I don't have any issues running it on my system, and it's not high end. Mid-grade modern. It ran well on my old 2500k and 7950 as well though, so I'd say it's optimized fairly well at least for AMD gpus. IF you have weird graphical issues, check and tinker with drivers. The most current one just may not work best for you, or a specific graphical feature may be killing your frames... sli/crossfire is a consideration as well.As for the story, I love it. I really like the main character and his friends. The story in general is a lot of fun and I still get a kick out of it every time I play. Worth it if just for the story.Gameplay is everything I wanted and all the parts function well, in my opinion. I find the stealth to be well balanced, free running feels average and comfortable, and the driving feels overall well done. Not perfect, but well done. The one quirk I have regarding gameplay, is the gunplay. I do decent, but it just feels... off. Maybe I need to tweak the sensitivity to make it just right. Who knows.I would give this game an 8.5 out of 10. I can't decide between 8 or 9, so 8.5 it is. Well worth the $60 if you can spare it. A must-buy if you see it on sale."
76561197972720249,Not Recommended,447040,29237930,Posted: 13 January,all,boingomw,"Entertaining game, but it crashes A LOT!  And, coupled with the ""no skip"" intro, it really makes bothing to restart significantly more of a question than it should be.Maybe fix one or the other of these issues for a thumbs up?"
,Recommended,447040,29472033,Posted: 24 January,all,Hawk,The First Game was absolutley amazing and this game greatly increased the multiplayer Best purchase i have made this year so far.
76561198070392974,Not Recommended,447040,29174366,Posted: 10 January,all,DaftknightLP,"super fun game, BUT UBISOFT CANT MAKE AN OPTIMIZED PC GAME IF SOMEONE GAVE THEM ONE< IM AM  ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AT THIS COMPANY. THE IDEA OF WATCH DOGS ALWAYS HAS INTERESTED ME AND THE ARE FUN GAMES TO BOOT, BUT WHEN I CANT EVEN GET THE GAME TO BE STABLE ON THE LOWEST SETTINGS AND IT DRIVES MY CPU TO NEAR DEATH THEN I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE, IF YOU HAVE LESS THAN 16GBS OF RAM AND 4GB CARD YOU SHOULD IN THEAORY BE ABLE TO PLAY THIS AT ULTRA BUT PPL ARE SAYING 8GBS, I HAVE CHECKED BY TURNING EVERYTHING UP TO ULTRA ON MY 4GB CARD AND IT DOESNT UTILIZE ALL 4GBS BUT IT STILL RUNS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥WHEN I FIRST STARTED PLAYING I COULD GET 20-30FPS ON ULTRA, BUT AFTER PLAYING AND ADVANCING THROUGH THE STORY LINE THE GAME BECAME MORE AND MORE UNSTABLE AND NOW IM ON LOW SETTINGS WITH 25-40FPSMY BIGGEST ISSUE IS HOW TAXING ITS BEING ON MY CPU IT SITS AT 100% LOAD, WITCHER 3 AND ULTIMATLY BIGGER AND MORE BEAUTIFUL GAME RUNS 30-50 FPS IN NEAR ULTRA SETTINGS WITH NO VISIBLE FLAWS AND A 65% LOAD WHILE RUNNING A BROWSER IN THE BACKGROUND.tl;dr IN SHORT UBISOFT IS A COMPANY THAT DOESNT CARE IF ITS GAMES WORK OR NOTTHEY RELEASE WITH MASSIVE FLAWS LIKE MEMORY LEAKS AND ARE HARD ON YOUR SYSTEMMY ADVICE IF YOU WANT THIS GAME, PLAY IT ON PS4 OR XBOX ONE BUT MORE SO TOWARDS PS4 CUZ XBONE IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT:BASICALLY ITS STILL SUPER HEAVY ON CPU LOAD, 80-90% FOR ME, ITS PLAYABLE AND MY CPU STAYS COOL ENOUGH BUT I CAN ONLY PLAY IN SHORT BURSTS OR IT FREEZES, I DONT EXPECT THE CONSOLE EXPERIENCES TO BE MUCH DIFFERENT I HEAR THIS PATCH ROLLED OUT FOR ALL PLATFORMS.MY FINAL CONCLUSION IS THAT IVE HAD ENOUGH OF UBISOFTS♥♥♥♥♥♥ SERIOUSLY THIS ""FIX IT LATER"" ATTITUDE WHERE THE GAMES RELEASE BROKEN AND UNPLAYABLE AND THEY JUST ""FIX IT LATER"" IN A PATCH, HOW THE HELL DOES THIS COMPANY STILL MAKE GAMES, HOW HAVE WE THE CONSUMERS NOT PUT OUR FEET DOWN YET...WELL I HAVE HAD ENOUGH UBISOFT, WATCH DOGS 2 WILL BE THE LAST GAME I BUY FROM YOUI WILL SPREAD NOTHING BUT NEGATIVITY ABOUT YOUR COMPANY, YOUR BUSINESS MODEL IS WORSE THAN MICROSOFTS, A COMPANY THAT ALSO HAS A ""FIX IT LATER"" ATTITUDEYOURE COMLETELY AND UTTERLY ABUSING CONSUMERS BUT WE STILL ALL BUY INTO YOUR LIES AND DECEIT, WELL ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT ♥♥♥♥ YOU AND YOUR FRENCH TOAST YOU FROG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S, ITS A FUN GAME BUT UBISOFT CAN SUCK MY♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: I WANTED TO COME BACK TO THIS REVIEW AND MAKE SOME CHANGES ON MY INITIAL REVIEW, THEY UPDATED THE GAME AS USUAL WITH UBISOFT A MONTH LATER THEY FINALLY HAVE THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER ENOUGH THAT THEY ARE ABLE TO FINISH THE GAME, AM I HAPPY I WAS ABLE TO FINISH THE GAME... NOT REALLY THE STORY WAS♥♥♥♥♥ THE ENDING WAS STUPID AND ANTI-CLIMACTIC.IDK HOW TO PUT I, I NEVER FELT AS THOUGH ANY OF THE THINGS I WAS DOING WAS ACTUALLY MAKING AN IMPACT ON ANYTHING. THE ONLY PARTS IS ENJOYED WERE WRENCH BEING WRENCH AND THE SWELTER SKELTER OF WHATEVERTHE ♥♥♥♥ WHERE IWALKED AROUND AND SPOKE TO EVERY SINGLE PERSON I COULD AND LISTENED TO ALL THE BAD POETRY. ALTHOUGH I ENJOYED RUNNING AROUND SHOOTING PPL AND DRIVING IT ULTIMATELY BECAME STALE QUICKLY.ANOTHER THING A I FORGOT TO MENTION EARLIER WAS THE CRAPPY FORCED MUTLIPLAYER BS WHERE YOULL BE JUST ARRIVING AT A MISSION POINT AND ALL OF A SUDDEN YOUR BEING HACKED BY SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND THE GAME MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE YOURE DOING SOMETHING WRONG FOR NOT GIVING A ♥♥♥♥ AND DRIVING AWAY, IF YOU LIKE BEING RANDOMLY ♥♥♥♥ED WITH OR TOLD TO DO SOMETHING WHEN YOUR ALREADY DOING SOMETHING ELSE THEN LEAVE THE MULTPLAYER ON, HOWEVER IF NOT TURN ALL THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF AND ENJOY THE GAME, ALTHOUGH NO GUARANTEE ITLL STAY TURNED OFF, THE MULTIPLAYER JUST TURNS ITSELF ON RANDOMLY.IF I WERE TO SUM UP THIS GAME ID SAY, ITS A FUN GAME FROM A COMPANY THAT ONLY CARES ABOUT YOUR MONEY, WITH A DULL STORY ABOUT HIPSTERS THAT GO THROUGH GREAT LENGTH AND KILL COUNTLESS PEOPLE, ALL TO PUT ONE CORPORATIONS WRONG DOINGS IN THE LIMELIGHT. IF YOU ASK ME DEDSEC IS JUST AS BAD. DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE I KILLED AND NOT EVEN BECAUSE I HAD TO JUST BECAUSE ITS FUN TO RUN OVER MOTORCYCLISTS. ALL IN ALL I DID ENJOY THE GAMEPLAY, NOT THE STORY OR THE CRAP GRAPHICS OR THE HORRIBLE OPTIMIZATION, BUT SIMPLY RUNNING OVER MOTORCYCLISTS AND WATCHING THE BIKES DISAPPEAR UNDER MY CAR WAS FUN FOR QUITE A WHILE AND ♥♥♥♥ING WITH PEOPLE IN A SCISSOR LIFT, I STILL DONT RECOMMEND THIS GAME, ITS A WASTE OF MONEY, GET A COPY OF GTA V LIKE I SHOULDVE DONE"
76561198333757698,Recommended,447040,28515586,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,sheek360,"its a very demanding game, it will tax the hell out of your system.  there's also some random stutters here and there.  but its fun, I hope ubisoft patches this up.  how does a weak xbox one and ps4 run this with no issues while folks with gtx1080's can barely run it at 4k, folks with rx480's can barely run it in 1080p."
76561198082221498,Recommended,447040,28517540,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jebpleace92,Do not get through steam ! Waste of time and the steam support told me I needed to get support threw uplay when the problem wasn't uplays ! Got refunded and paid the same price for the deluxe addition boom great game highly recommend it <3 peace
,Recommended,447040,33019545,Posted: 29 June,all,ProvoSensei,Storyline8Gameplay9.3Atmosphere8Graphic8.5/td][/tr]Overall8.45[/table]
,Recommended,447040,33247897,Posted: 4 July,all,THOR,​It's a huge shame this game didn't sell better. It's everything the first Watch Dogs should have been and more. Ubisoft really tried hard on this one. I'm having a blast. All of the fun of GTAV without the vulgarity and violence focus that I wasn't very keen on. As a software dev I love the cheesy hacker motif​.​​9/10 would live through 90's hacker movie fantasy again!P.S. Ubisoft don't give up on Watch Dogs 3!​
,Recommended,447040,29642234,Posted: 1 February,all,year-round spooky boy,"I should probably preface this review by saying that I really liked WD1 for its halfway decent gameplay and detective noir tone but hated the horribly dull and unoriginal protagonist.  WD2 on the other hand drips with sarcastic, charismatic personality and despite the humor having a layer of cringe over it, I couldn't help but grin hearing these total caricatures trying to sound authentic.  The characters are all a lot of fun, and Wrench is just adorable.When it comes to gameplay, the gunplay is still pretty shallow.  Blasting your way through an objective, with a shotgun and sniper rifle that conveniently fit into a thirteen-inch laptop bag, is the least fun way of going about things now that stealth got an upgrade in the form of diversified hacking tools.  Instead of each hackable in an area having a single function, there are usually multiple things you can do with every individual hackable.  Not to mention the land drone and the quadcopter drone which open up lots of remote hacking possibilities.  This game makes you actually feel like a hacker this time around.The multiplayer aspect is a lot of fun, but I still experience crashes when I go Bounty Hunting (an activity that allows you to invade a player's world while they're in the middle of being pursued by police, in which the absurdly large amount of weapons available to you is actually useful).  The drop-in aspect is very cool and satisfying when you kill an invading hacker trying to steal your data.San Francisco is pretty lively.  There's lots of color and personality flowing through it, and side-activities like taking selfies at landmarks is a fun spin on the very tired Ubisoft towers.  The music selection is also MUCH better this time around, but ""Gas Station"" doesn't make a comeback.I give Watch_Dogs 2 9/10, with the lackluster gunplay being the biggest detractor."
76561198035367678,Recommended,447040,28114845,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Airman,Watch Dogs 2 is nice game. It has improved since first game. The only thing I didn't like is to controling the vehicles. There is no smooth control of vehicles like GTA V. Grahics are excellent. The game story is OK. Landscape is excellent. Hacking is interesting and fun.
,Recommended,447040,33640084,Posted: 18 July,all,Assassin Cam,Great game. You can do a lot more than Watch_dogs.
,Recommended,447040,28725479,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"The last one had terrible performance and wasn't that great in general, aside from the giant spider robot. This is essentially everything it should have been to begin with. Although the whole 'hacker culture' thing is a bit... thick."
,Recommended,447040,28863630,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ozzy,Ubisoft made a good game.
76561198126504494,Recommended,447040,29051027,Posted: 5 January,all,panasane,"The game is very alive and immersive and just overall really good. Only problems I are the buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥Seoul Power Plant section of Hack Teh World where I had to restart from last check point like ten times to get the ai to stop spazzing out in the middle of the room. The crashes, which are not to frequent but when they do happen my whole computer pretty much dies and I have to force restart. Finally the whole Horatio character seems a little off, as soon as I saw him I new he was going to be the one who dies and it seems like they tried to make you care about him but failed pretty badly. If any of the other characters died I would have actually cared to some degree."
,Recommended,447040,28033496,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mark,This game is what Watch Dogs 1 SHOULD have been. It took all the bad and made it good.
76561198033224899,Recommended,447040,28109080,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Crazed Buttstabber,"Great game. Could do with some new additions later on when the game has been out a while, but honestly it's really good and really fun.Downside is that I double the required PC specs yet I keep getting CTD's and severe framerate hitches that are ruining missions and standard gameplay. I hear they're getting fixed at the end of the week though, so we'll see. If they are fixed in 4 days, then it'll be the quickest optimization patch from a AAA developer that I've personally seen in a VERY long time and I will be very impressed.Definitely recommend it, just wait until the end of this week for the optimization patch unless you just wanna deal and try it anyway."
76561197978043564,Recommended,447040,30027327,Posted: 18 February,all,some goofy idiot,Recommended.
,Recommended,447040,28922287,Posted: 1 January,all,FoxtrotUniformCharlieKilo,"Truly dissapointed the main mission had to end... Took an hour or two to get into, but after that I couldn't stop playing it. Loved every minute of it. Sadly the last mission was a bit ""meh"", once you do all the hacking etc. It's just a chance your arm and run for it and hope the AI with ridiculously powerful shotguns don't hit you. Other than that, that's the only criticism I have, apart from the driving mechanics... Really not as good as GTA's driving mechanics in my honest opinion, but still a great game and in my opinion, vastly superior than the first which I enjoyed."
,Recommended,447040,30236551,Posted: 28 February,all,Zoreas,10/10 Would Watch a Dog again
,Recommended,447040,31711386,Posted: 12 May,all,m4rgin4l,"A massive improvement from Watch_Dogs. Better story, tighter mechanics and a more interesting story. It gets a bit borging by the end (same as every open world Ubi game), but it is much more tolerable than the later AC games. Wait until it goes for sale and give it a try."
,Recommended,447040,28031766,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jey585,Pros-Runs Good on ultra on a gtx 1080 sc-Can hack anything in the game-Fun-Can modify outfit in storesCons-None so far
,Recommended,447040,28195498,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cascadium26,"Environment and gameplay was amazing but the story is a little repetitive and predictable.  Nonetheless, this is still a great game and I enjoyed it very much."
76561198079804627,Recommended,447040,33386601,Posted: 8 July,all,D_dog1234,You can pet a dog.
,Recommended,447040,28870539,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Crunch,"In my opinion this game is the best open world game in a long damn time.It's Absolutely incredible. Great port, great storyline, fantastic characters, many easter eggs, many references to the previous one, it's BETTER than the previous one and all round it's great. If you have a friend to play co-op with, it makes the game even better. The friend invasion ability is genius. If you're ever bored, invading someone's game and watching them become confused as to why they're being hacked and where from, is the best thing you can do. It literally never gets old. I plan to get many many many hours in this game. And I know the best is yet to come. I'm definitely gonna buy the DLC for T-Bone.*Faith in Ubsioft has been temporarily restored. Thank you.*"
76561198353548307,Recommended,447040,29850774,Posted: 11 February,all,TranLexor_,זה משחק ממש טוב
,Recommended,447040,30264105,Posted: 1 March,all,Snipershy,Love the game great story line
,Recommended,447040,28700540,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Matt csgoatse.com,This game needs vac secured servers im always get hacked.
76561198167679237,Recommended,447040,29441378,Posted: 23 January,all,Salad,meh
,Recommended,447040,29076812,Posted: 6 January,all,ReflexAlex,"Ubisoft! You've actually listened to the community andIMPROVEDyour game! Unbelievable!The STORY, whilst still not greatly compelling is a vast IMPROVEMENT over WD1 with a much more personable protagonist in Marcus Holloway. Through the course of the 30 hour-ish story, you definitely feel that you're a part of this huge anti-governement hacktivist group really striving to make a change.However I do have to say that it is a bit dissappointing that once you're done with the story, the characters will never really interact with you in anyway. :(The GAMEPLAY, has definitely been IMPROVED with a progression system that feels very satisfying as you really feel that you've become a force of a hacker to be reckoned with by the end of the game. There's a lot more toys and gagdets that you're able to make use of in the world and I do have to say that the addition of the RC car and Quadcopter was GENIUS! The world itself feels much more alive and real with random gang battles taking place as well as NPCs who genuinely seem to have interesting unqiue quirks about them.WORTH A BUY NOWP.S Co-op is PRETTY FUN too"
,Recommended,447040,28295912,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,GoalieMonkey skinsjar.com,Amazing game. Could be so much better if they gave you one more weapon slot and mabye a free roam multiplayer type mode but even without the games great.
,Recommended,447040,28926859,Posted: 1 January,all,Fatty Biscuit Machine,"This is the best alternative to GTA Vwhich, I personally dislike.Haven't played it yet, but i'm told it's good.The multiplayer is very fun.1/100 chance to see a actual hacker.It's a sandbox game.The only things I see wrong are bugs that are slowly being fixed.Other than that. It's good.Just make sure your PC doesn't become a slow cookerMy GPU and CPU got to 150 degrees Fahrenheit."
76561198118875588,Recommended,447040,33550309,Posted: 14 July,all,senoir niggs,"Fantastic game, it's got everything you want, from petting dogs to controlling a big mechanical spider. The story is not as bad as many people claim it to be, there are many moments where the character development exceeds and drops but that's fine because you've got all this other stuff in the game that makes it a whole lot better. Great level stagings, requires you to think sometimes. It also has a very good length/play time (I was at 34 hours and I still haven't finished the game), not to mention the graphics look astonishing considering how the first Watch_dogs looked(ONE of the reasons I did not get it). Now lets move on to the bad things, It's got a ♥♥♥♥ing season pass. Not only that but the online mode would rarely make me mad since the Hacking invasion would come in the most inconvenient times. Last but not least, the side operation: paint job. As a naturally inpatient person, this has given me severe brain damage, watching the lifts/swinging stages go up and down, and the mobile lift thingy that you had to drive, well yeah, it also went up and down which drove me to near insanity. Whoever made that side operation should get fired and charged. Besides the negative stuff, it's a great game, I definitely recommend this game. Just one question, what the ♥♥♥♥ do the fork lifts do in this game?"
,Recommended,447040,28271492,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Blackwell_ninja,"Cyber terrorist simulator 2016... however massive leap from first game, WD2 is better in every way"
,Recommended,447040,33488521,Posted: 12 July,all,Cale_Male,"If someone mentions WD2, imagine that GTA and Assassin's Creed had a hacker lovechild. It's a perfect mix of the three components. The Bay Area feels just as real and lived in as Los Santos, and when you hack an NPCs phone it says his/her name, job, fun fact, and income, it simply feels more like a real city where people go about their lives. Plus, you can pet dogs. The story is also hilarious, and mocks modern society and pop culture even better than GTA V in my opinion. It really shows the effort Ub*soft, a-hole of a-holes, put into this game. The parkour also feels incredibly fun and realistic, unlike the infinite wall climbing and haystack diving of AC, the father of parkour on weed. But the biggest joy of this game is the hacking. You can hack cars, people, etc, and it never gets boring. There's always a way to troll a rich♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in Silicon Valley, or an ugly hobo under a bridge in Oakland. It never gets old. Long story short, get this game. It's what the original tried and failed to be, and is definitely worth a playthrough."
76561198199073137,Recommended,447040,32577271,Posted: 19 June,all,Batmanark3,Pretty good gameplayRun wellOnly crash on me 1 or 2 timesGood free roamingThe hacking is cool to use8/10
76561198055572010,Recommended,447040,28261554,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,no_linear2003,I love this. All the elements in this game come together perfectly forming a rich and fun experience. The world is visually beautiful and you'll actually want to take pictures of sanfranciscos famous landmarks.I actually wanted to participate in bike races instead of actively avoiding them and you want to earn money so you can buy the quadcopter drone and all the toys and gadgets.The remote control of the drones in this game is very tight and and you can have great fun manipulating different objects in the world remotely as well as accomplish objectives without having to walk into a single mission area theres a great deal of freedom here for experimentation.The particle and physics engine is very impressive and it almost feels like being in a movie doing insane things with cranes and slamming the accelerator on an unsuspecting driver at the traffic lights can cause all sorts of chaos that looks amazing. I would love a replay feature in this game!Guns feel great to use and you'll love playing around with the different weapons.Characters feel alive and they'll randomly get into fights and react to the world around them which makes for some amusing  photographs.In combat the AI can hold it's own and is a genuine threat to the player.Online is pretty seamless and enjoyable for the most part if you can find anyone to team up with that is. When I did team up with another player it was a pretty great experience!I had a few clipping isues with the camera colliding with the terrain when doing the dirt bike challenges.With such incredible attention to detail in the world I can't sit down  on a single seat lol but these are minor gripes. Also I can't ride a bicycle although I have a feeling this will be DLC. It only crashed for me a few times and was very stable considering all that is going on in the world.I would love to see a an option to skip the large hacking puzzles. I just find they are needlessly frustrating and actually made me quit a few of the missions out of frustration..This is a must buy game if you love open worlds and sandboxes in general. It is genuinally is a fun and addictive game.Recommended
,Recommended,447040,28208197,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Laurin,"I love this game, its very fun!Amazing graphics, fun driving, fun gameplay,I liked The first one and I like this one"
,Recommended,447040,28247501,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mr.Phantom,"This game is amazing.  I loved the first one and this one definetly delivered.  I really dont like the driving mechanics they really could use some work and combat has a few bugs but nothing too bad.  Oh wait, maybe if ubisoft could give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their consumer and let this be accessible without uplay.  I get of work and I come home to play this, but nope.  The uplay server is down, I cant login, so I cant play a game that I paid for.  If I cant play a game that I bought then give me my money back.  I hate ubisoft with a passion now, I was never fond of them.  Everyone knows that ubisoft doesnt care about you the consumer and its pretty obvious when you wont even let me play the game I bought because it requires a constant internet connection.  Why because they dont want people illeagally downloading their games; this makes me want to do that you idiots.  If I cant play something I paid for then why should I pay for it if I can find it for free.  All in all, this game is great and I really am enjoying it....... when I can actually play the game."
,Recommended,447040,33194701,Posted: 3 July,all,GLaDOS ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,good game even at low FPS fun with people and solo 10/10 buy it
76561198211066031,Recommended,447040,28261108,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,UkrainianWithBenefits,If you don't want to play this game becasue the first one was bad or the characters look like hipsters then I got news for ya. The game is a good 100x better than the 1st one and the main character has a lot of customization options.
,Recommended,447040,28261045,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,fireflipper™,"Basically, this is what the first game *should* have been. I have never enjoyed a triple A title as much as this.I would have reviewed this game ALOT sooner, but I've only just found the time in amongst by play sessions to actually review this. It is brilliant.Unfortunatly, the only game I can compare this to is the first one, and it feels like it's doing this game injustice to compare the two. Everything is different, and it feels SOOOOOOOOOOOO much nicer, from animations, story to even the MUSIC.Everything in this game makes you feel like you're part of a hacktivist community, you feel for every high and every low they put DedSec through. Each member has an amazing personality that suits their role and feel for a character, even your own.And the multiplayer is absolutely PERFECT! Seamless and feels almost real at times.The ONLY thing and I mean ONLY thing I can't prase this game on is it's lip syncing and protagonist feel. Although Marcus (The guy you play as) is an amazing character, nothing wrong with him. He is actually PERFECT for the role, he even says EXACTLY what I'm thinking during the most part of the game, but his kind and funny nature dousn't suit any sort of murder or damage done. In fact, every time I kill literally ANYONE, or wrong / steal from a civilian I feel like I'm doing Marcus injustice for betraying his character, which I suppose adds to the challenge in a way, as it makes you feel bad for doing these things, you tend to stop doing them, or try your hardest not to.Also, the world is VERY immersive, like the Watch_Dogs 1 crime things you could optionally do are now a casual occurence in the world that happen before your eyes without any prompt, or the game pointing you in the right direction to see it, sometimes if you're not paying attention you can just walk by a serious crime while you're completely zoned out. HOWEVER, sometimes when you try to prevent said crimes the world kinda freaks and disregards the crime, making it as if you're the bad guy for stepping in, ALTHOUGH, this could just be put down to the game trying to be more realistic, e.g. beating the snot out of a car thief, or hitting a guy after he hits his wife and attacking a gang member performing a drive-by and not just leaving these issues to a police officer to deal with.In saying that, you can just call the police on a crime like this, which is probably a better way to deal with. But for ME it just seemed a little strange watching everyone freak out as if you're in the wrong for stepping in on a crime they were almost oblivious to beforehand.IN SAYING ALLLLLLLLLLLLL OF THAT THIS IS THE BEST BLOODY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED BUY IT NOW WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!?1??!!??!?!?!??!?!??!?!?"
,Recommended,447040,28246546,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GrayScale,im addicted please send help
76561198067977788,Recommended,447040,33194767,Posted: 3 July,all,Gently Used Toaster,"Was a big fan of the original. This certainly is a good sequal and I'd put it on the same bar as its predecessor.  It seems to have fixed the graphics issues watch dogs 1 had at release. However, the driving mechanics are still like letting a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chimpanzee take the wheel as you him commands in sign language. Id also say the controls are hard to get used to, but you can do a lot more with hacking options and i suppose you can map them to however you want."
,Recommended,447040,28031042,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rutvij Joshi,"Well Ubisoft has really done great work.Here are my thoughtsMarcus is a cool character than Aiden.There is so much freedom in gameplay.Graphics are nice. I don't have the best rig but i can play it without compromising the performance.The Seamless Multiplayer is amazing, but some more modes are needed.Driving is definately improved and smooth.The world feels alive and the atmosphere is nice.I definately recommend the game."
,Recommended,447040,28025273,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,geckboy3000,"This is pretty damn fun. Playing that Cybercar mission at the end, was the most fun i've had in a while!"
76561198083756361,Recommended,447040,29366914,Posted: 19 January,all,Disconnected,This game is dreamy compared to the first one11/10
,Recommended,447040,28743418,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fiona,don't get this game without a discountPros:-really fun to play the missions-online co-opsCons:-AIs are very bad-fps (my gtx1080 can't handle this faking game :V)-the grahpics does not look as good as it advertises-typical ubisoft bugs and glitchesthis is not a bad game
76561198058257532,Recommended,447040,28030198,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,"The amount of satisfying contents in this game are through the roof. Gameplay is amazing and fun, story feels interesting and real, characters are rich and down to eath, but most importantly, it's properly optimized for PC. This game is worth every single dime at it's current state. If you are looking for an fabulous single player experience, this game would be perfect for you.Thumb's up for you Ubi, because this game is fantiastic."
,Not Recommended,447040,28780130,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,G8Commodore,"Great story line but some of the worst programming/coding there is. If you get cops be ready to die to lose them. Apparently SF has billions of dollars and an army at their disposal. You can accidentlly run into a police car then they instantly start shooting you. You non lethal taser someone shooting you with lethal bullets, and the police start shooting to kill. On top of a mountain, 5 police cars spawn out of thin air. Seriously, full on retard mode with the police. Randomly get glitched into the ground with a car and can't move, car randomly turns full lock to one side when only pressing the Gas button. Sniper in the helicopter is still just an aimbot like the first game and can shoot through the floor of the helicopter, some lazy coding there. Armor apparently magically covers the face because it takes 10 shots from an assault rifle to kill a police officer with no helmet.(BTW I turned the difficulty down to Easy mode since the police system is so broken and it doesn't change a thing so difficulty doesn't mean anything)Seriously Ubisoft....WTF. You could have one of the best games out but instead you spent money sponsoring YouTubers to play the game and build hype ainstead of fixing obvious bugs in the game. I'm just glad I didn't pay full price, Steam Sales saves the day as usual but still wish it was cheaper. If you can pick this game up for $15 then it's worth it.The storyline is amazing and the only reason I haven't asked for a refund. It's just ruined by lazy bugs/glitches in the game and a terrible police system."
,Recommended,447040,34007085,Posted: 3 August,all,RetrO,"Watch Dogs 2 is a game about being young, angry at the system and certain that you know what's best for the world. It improves on it's predecessor but doesn't go as far as it could have."
,Recommended,447040,34110251,Posted: 8 August,all,LegalEagle_117,So much better than the original. I think this is the first game that I purchased all the DLR for.
,Recommended,447040,34153295,Posted: 10 August,all,Benedetto la concha de tu madre,"The game is great. You can clearly see an improvement in every aspect if we compare it to Watch Dogs; Finally Ubisoft didn't downgrade the visuals we saw in the E3 to be honest. If you like parkour, hacking and being either sneaky-noisy-notoriusTHISis your game, for real, don't expect any more."
76561198142801225,Recommended,447040,34205875,Posted: 12 August,all,Cloudletter,"The Game is very good ,The game company is also very good.I will go to San Francisco one day"
,Recommended,447040,34255220,Posted: 15 August,all,SonOfRome64,"This game compared to GTA V and GTA Online is WAY better in gameplay, graphics, and story line. GTA Online is filled with modders and WD2 is filled with nice, competitive, hard working, non cheating players. This game gets a 1,000,000,000/10 score :)"
76561198115872149,Recommended,447040,34271004,Posted: 16 August,all,Anime_Boom,"This game was actually really fun, way better then the first one."
76561197983054649,Recommended,447040,34280275,Posted: 16 August,all,Happylemon,Top
,Recommended,447040,34335771,Posted: 18 August,all,Big Boy,Fun game. Its good if you have a powerful pc and it's missions are usually more complex then most games that i have played.
76561198258384849,Recommended,447040,34538661,Posted: 27 August,all,cgor907,"Man, what a great game to play around with!There are so many funs things to do in this game, from a pretty expansive campaign mode, to online operations with your friends, to just fooling around in the open world setting with the fun twist of hacking that makes this game truly unique. It's never a boring game, and can be fun in short bursts or long sessions. I highly recommend!"
76561198162768881,Recommended,447040,34581819,Posted: 29 August,all,Nebbercracker,Incredible!
,Recommended,447040,28458438,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,George The Zebra,"You can pet dogs,3d print glacks,And take selfies.What else could you want?10/10 Dogs WatchedThe A.I photobombs your photos,so actually.8/10 Dogs Watched 2"
,Recommended,447040,28678978,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CelTiar,"8/10 Why An 8/10  mostly because of the usual Ubi BugsWhile the game is fun and exciting not to mention the Easter eggs to various title by Ubi and other studios there are sections that fall abut short.The story for one is abit dull whereas the previous title had premise and back story this one dosent the only goal seems to be blume. Not that there's anything wrong with it but I didn't get sucked into the game until later on after incidents with the making character and his friends.Pros: The Characters are witty and funny you begin to have a connection with them as you talk with them. Combat is straight forward and easy to leaen. The new hacking methods are amazing and I love the global hack. The story while abit dull at first really pics up and becomes more enjoyable and entertaining.Cons: there seems to be no change in the physics engine and thus many of the same issues with vehicles and collisions are the same as the previous title. The combat while good and challenging as I mentioned earlier also have a few bugs  when weak enemies are shot in the head and don't die ECT....  Modeling as a 3d modeler I like to make my own levels and models in Maya and I have seen a few instances of poor or in checked modeling and unless you actively look for them or just happen by a broken model you won't notice them  for instance cracks in the model mesh of a building allowing you to see the ""Void"" not cracks bigenought to fall thought the map but ones that break emersion but as I said unless you look for them you probably won't see them vehicle models this is more of a pet peeves rather than a big issue but as a car guy I also noticed undercarrage issues with me asking geometry and berry basic modeling almost like N64 style modeling but as I said unless you active look for it you might not come across one of these errorsOverall: the game is great fun but I would wait for it to go on sale as with most Ubi titles they have a tendency to show one thing at E3 and something else on retail wile it does seem to be just as advertised there are still some quality issues here and there that put me abit off on the gameI deffantly recommend it but I advise to get it on sale  and don't bother with season pass as there really is no content that is worth a season pass get the base game and enjoy it"
,Recommended,447040,28160400,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PHOENIXN445.exe,"Watch_Dogs® 2 basically fixed what the previous game lackedVoice acting was nice (although cringy at times)Animations felt quite rightCombat is weird - a headshot doesnt count if an enemy is heavily armored (face is still visible)Driving is clunky at times but feels more improved from previousThe story was.... well, it felt like a movie more or less (still enjoyable nonetheless)Online co-op freroam is fun, players are extremely friendly  - Had a civilian hit me and my co-op partner (random) wouldn't let that civilian attempt another attack and co-op buddy would-- well let's just say that the civilian is no longer being savage anymoreOVERALL I QUITE LIKE THIS GAME."
,Recommended,447040,35238856,Posted: 27 September,all,WombatCombat,"8/10 game, for people who enjoyed the first game, you will not be disappointed, and if you disliked the first game due to the bland characters and E3 lies then you will still enjoy this game, it looks just as they said it would and has interesting characters. Gameplay and mechanics work really well and the hacking is fluid.The only downside is the game can be real easy or real hard depending on what you do, but there's not really an inbetween. Due to marcus unlocking 2 drones early on in the game that have infinite respawns as long as you wait around. These drones can do almost anything marcus does when upgraded, including dropping bombs and hacking things. But if you don't use these drones, it can be really hard because once you reach the point in the game with armored guards they can be very annoying to kill.Overall, it's a great game and I would like to see a third installment of this series as this new IP comes into its own."
76561198004860212,Recommended,447040,28919739,Posted: 1 January,all,MrBanana,This game is absolutely amazing. More thinking and possibility by clever use of the drones. Graphics are breathtaking. And allowing players to explore San Francisco in the most epic way. 9/10
76561198146830695,Recommended,447040,28920411,Posted: 1 January,all,zach.,Really fun game worth it
,Not Recommended,447040,28907134,Posted: 1 January,all,SnugLife,randomly crashes kills my high 0/10 fix game
76561198313139773,Recommended,447040,29221304,Posted: 13 January,all,Lamborghini Leglock,not downgraded PogChamp
76561198117809290,Recommended,447040,29188011,Posted: 11 January,all,ICYOU,"this is a fun game that has humor action and decent multiplayer, much better than the first gameit took a while for me to buy this game but when it was christmas sale i went for it and i was not disappointedits a great game and i recommend it for someone that wants to play an open world game and put some hours into it."
76561198133335423,Recommended,447040,34645847,Posted: 31 August,all,yare yare daze,yes
,Recommended,447040,32188258,Posted: 4 June,all,Gamma,I HAVE PLAYED THIS GAME FOR 22 HOURS AND I JUST GOT DONE WITH THE MAIN STORY.  THIS IS TOTALLY WORTH THE 60 DOLLARS I PAYED FOR IT.  GET THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,447040,28070332,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DOOTSTAR,Better than the old one.
,Recommended,447040,28049061,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vulpes 変態,gr8
76561198256017737,Recommended,447040,34582922,Posted: 29 August,all,Gal X,nice game tot!
,Recommended,447040,35174392,Posted: 24 September,all,flo rida raper,hacking jenifer larence nude beep beep boop
,Recommended,447040,28825672,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LawAbidingBear,"10/10 would deal with the issues of being a Person of Colour in the tech world again.In all seriousness though, what a freaking game Ubisoft! You guys have always been my favourite developers, and this has only cemented that belief further! Sure, the story isn't great, and some arcs of it draw to a close a bit too fast (10.00am IRL, ""♥♥♥♥, these people hacked us, DedSec are screwed!"", 10.10am IRL ""That's it yeah! We got them ♥♥♥♥ers, nobody screws with DedSec!"". Ya know? It just feels like there's no build up of tension in some of the story arcs. But by God does the game do everything else so right though. Characterization is on point for the major characters, leading Marcus to become my favourite protagonist of any game I've played in the last few years.Like the preamble to my review says, there is literally a section of the game where Marcus deals with being a POC in the tech world, and how to some extent it is still an exclusive ecosystem.Optimization issues are practically non-existent (I say practically as I have noticed that with one or two setups, I get really strange graphical artifacs). It runs so well, at a pretty consistent framerate. It looks damn beautiful as well. Whilst trying to best tweak it for my system, I went through all the presets, from Ultra to Low, and even on Low it had it's moments of beauty.And the gameplay. Lordy lord, the gameplay... A lot of the missions can perhaps seem the same. 'Go here, plug a USB stick into this thing, then get out'. But I'm yet to bore of it tbh. There's countless ways to handle each mission, and level design is almost always brilliant, thus making the area in which these repetitive missions take place an exploration in it's own right. It really is a game that takes modern tech trends (even those that are currently a bit gimmicky), and finds a way to include them in the game. Drones, 3D printing, Smart Homes. This is the world we live in now, and as a tech enthusiast, it is so damn nice to see Ubisoft include that in the game. Even though the 'hacking' segments are laughable at best, it really does bring to life the emphasis and consumerism surrounding technology in our modern world. I think Watch_Dogs (the first) was perhaps just a bit before it's time (overlooking all the other glaring issues ofcourse).Honestly, I can't reccomend this game enough, especially at the current price point. If you wanna feel like a badass, out for a good time and to do your bit to improve the world (as opposed to a moody mofo out for revenge), then get this game.TL:DR; buy it for the 'lulz'"
,Recommended,447040,28326227,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ongoingwhy,It's an open world environmental puzzle game about hippies.
,Recommended,447040,28327030,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Legendäre Schildkröte,This is a modern assasins creed.
76561198253071743,Recommended,447040,28838055,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,slimjim00,beautiful game didnt have have any performance issues but story is dead
,Recommended,447040,28325894,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Nidith,ubisoft really doesn't know what easy means
76561198050750953,Recommended,447040,28536052,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cosmic,"In this game, you hack things.Here's a few things you can hack:Blowing up transformers to knock people out, sending people messages to distract them and slip by undetected, blasting feedback into enemies' earpieces so they can't fight, sending SWAT teams after random people, making all the street lights green at a crossroads, moving cranes around, sending in an RC drone to pick things up for you (and insult people with memes), making robots perform dance moves, remotely controlling people's cars, switching all the lights off, 3D printing guns, using flying drones for recon, breaking into people's bank accounts, blowing up underground gas pipes, tapping phone communications, annoying the NSA, downloading server contents, and acquiring virtual access keys to infiltrate secure compounds.That's just a small taster of this game's software shanenegans. This list is not exhaustive. Set in an alternate present day San Francisco Bay Area, where the Internet of Things nightmare scenario has been realised, you are the tyrant king of the new, connected and controlled America. You work for DedSec, a hacker collective of vigilante hipster trolls that like thinking for themselves, and you need to do everything I listed above to take down big biz data farming and intrusive government spying programmes.Well, everything I listed above, and also shutting down police calls, rewiring circuits, stealing movie prop cars, gathering intel on any inhabitant of SF at the press of a button, calling gang drive-bys, setting off bad guys' grenades in their hands, going to space, and controlling a giant robotic death spider.Oh, and don't worry about past games: Ubisoft unf***ed itself for this occasion and harmoniously optimised the game for PC. You can even hack into their offices in SF. Alright, we good?Get hacking."
,Recommended,447040,28736140,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Chef,This is that kind of game that will make you think back and want to play it again. Wayy better than GTA5 in my opinion. Definatly a must buy
,Recommended,447040,29447179,Posted: 23 January,all,LostLucker,"I WANNA WD3, THIS GAME IS AWERSOME"
,Recommended,447040,28964177,Posted: 2 January,all,coreoffocus,Enjoy facing off against endless hordes of security guards because stealth is completely broken. The game forces you to go in guns blazing on realistic difficulty because of this.
76561198176433870,Recommended,447040,28798432,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SquishFish,"This game is AMAZING. It is a definite better rating then gta 5 in my book. The graphics look amazing and the gameplay is exciting.My only complaints are lack of weapons and the performance is a bit choppy even on my gtx 960 4gb v-ramEDIT: I now see that part of the game is EasytAntiCheat. People are saying it launches on startup and that it takes screenshots of there screen. Now yes it does take screenshots of your screen which is pretty fishy because if you tab out and open chrome they could potentially see it if it screenshots (I think it only screenshots the game.) It does not run on start up for me, and closes as soon as I close the game"
76561198070750672,Recommended,447040,29971735,Posted: 16 February,all,Fideos,So this game is about collecting gnomes and to ruin their master plan to dominate earth. The cool thing is when you collect all the gnomes you get a gnome costume and become the gnome king.Also there is the side story about a bunch of hacker who want to expose CtOS but it's not that funny.This game is probably one of the best 2016 game you should buy it.
,Recommended,447040,28798194,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Maturin,"Alright. First question right off the bat. Who made this game? Ubisoft? No way. This game is actually good though!Yeah I dont get it either but Ubisoft actually kinda got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together for this one. The story, though a bit lackluster, is jam packed full of♥♥♥♥♥♥tier memes (the best kind) and some decent comedic moments. The characters actually feel human though they are a bit cookie cutter when it comes to personality, The anarchist emo or the activist grafiti artist stuff like that. The driving is eh at best. You cant flip your car at all so it makes it feel like every time you just, your car just kinda floats until you hit the ground again. The car designs are good but the horns just dont fit. Small nitipicking aside the vehicles are decent at best. The drones are a completely different story though. One of my favorite aspects is taking out the quadcopter and kinda scoping out the area around your objective. The rc drone is alright but it can be a bit buggy and gets stuck in vents half the time. I think the hacking in this game is the best in any game ive ever played (other thanhack.netof course.) Although to be fair it does get a bit repetetive when all you do is hack computers and upload viruses and download their data. Speaking of repetetive, the side missions. Now they do manage to spice things up by not putting 3 missions in 3 of the exact same buildings with just waves of enemies (cough division cough) The side missions do get a bit repetitive. Hack this celebrity knockoff and embarrass him and other such. Overall the side missions are just like the driving. Eh. Now without spoiling the story, I can say that it is great. It was a perfect transition from Watch Dogs 1 with the CTos being the main cause of the problems and such. This time instead of being just a single person, you are part of a group of hackers called Dedsec, which was in the first game though it only made a minor cameo right at the end.Overall I only have one major complaint for this game. THE ♥♥♥♥ING PAINT JOB MISSION. If you want to enjoy your purchase, do not do the paint job mission. It will ruin the entire game. Ubisoft literally took all of the things we dont like (tower climbing, same objective different building, and more climbing features) and put them into one giant hour long mission. This is just my opinion though."
,Recommended,447040,34256616,Posted: 15 August,all,Xanthis,"From start to end, this game was very good. You have much more to do than just hack a person and do one specific thing that the game assigned it to do. Like, you can kill a person in many ways. You can meele, use stun guns, silenced pistols, snipe them, overload thier phone, distract them by text or just damage thier comns, assign gang/police to kill them. In world, you have to use your senses (or net hack) to find your ways. There are plenty of puzzles. Sometimes you need to use your Jumper to sneak into places, sometimes you need to use drones to do some stuff and most of the time, you need some kinda elevator to climp buildings. Hacking is much better and easier now. Story was pretty bad. Your only goal is to take down Blume (bad company, don't use it's mobile device) but you don't know how to. You do some crazy stuff here and there to gain followers who has downloaded DedS3c's app which allows DedS3c to use thier follower's processing power. Umm... You'll figure that out. Story is just bad, though. And if you want to play online, good luck in finding any team mate. I've been doing all the CO-OPS all by myself."
,Recommended,447040,28743282,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,"I played 11 hours, and have been having so much fun, I forgot to write a review. That should be a good enough reason as to why you need to buy this. This game is pure fun single player and online. The characters are great, writing is great, jokes make me laugh, and gameplay is great. Buy it!"
76561198151642092,Recommended,447040,28116523,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Christopear,"I very rarely buy full price games. Maybe once a year I will buy a full price game without going through a reseller. For the first time in a long time, I bought Watch Dogs 2 at full price... with no regrets. I almost preordered it. Such a fun game with a really great atmosphere...If you like Saints Row 3, this is for you. If you find GTAV a little boring, this is for you. The minority of negative reviews seem to come from people who actually enjoyed the first game. If you did, maybe this game isn't for you. But this is a refreshing AAA game set in the modern day.And, for those slightly more tech minded, they put a pretty good amount of effort into not making this game cringeworthy for those with even an inkling of tech knowledge.10/10 please buy this game to support the devs!"
,Recommended,447040,28611853,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Zastier,"So after reading the tonnes of complaints with performance, I must say I don't see them. The game runs rather well on my machine equipped with a GTX 970 and an i7 4790. One thing I can most definitely say is that this is a demanding game. Running on high settings yields a solid 60FPS with very little drops, going to max puts me at 20. Now, I would complain however the game looks absolutely amazing.This is an improvement over the first game in every way, the graphics are much better, with performance that actually hits decent frames on SOME settings, providing a much more vibrant set of more interesting characters and a story that actually contains some personality. If you liked the first game, or had issues with some of its aspects, I really recomend you give this one a shot."
,Recommended,447040,28904547,Posted: 1 January,all,STABBY,"really enjoyed the story, great game"
76561197986493120,Recommended,447040,28123069,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Trendkilla,I'm really enjoying this game which I cant say about most of the games I bought in 2016. A pleasurable surprise. Fun and polished.
,Recommended,447040,28613598,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bastett,"I played the original Watchdogs for a bit, and it didn't grab me at all. I really didn't enjoy it.I had an idle weekend, and nothing else was obviously available, so I took a punt on the sequel. Actually, it really worked out.The PVE parts of the game (pure single player) are massively improved. The new drone mechanics are good and give you great options of gameplay style not available beforehand. The ability to drop bombs/stuns from the quadcopter drone I found especially useful.The multiplayer elements, where someone intrudes on your game, or vice versa, I found much better as well. It's become an actively fun experience. Espescially where there's the high-stakes hunter elements where the police are hunting a player and you're drafted in as a bounty-hunter.I finished the game, and am still playing the multiplayer elements. I definitely recommend itI paid for this game and did not receive anything from third parties for this review."
76561198182816694,Recommended,447040,28122886,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Codsworthless,"I've enjoyed my experience in this game so far, for the most part.CONS:-Poorly optimized. I understand that my GTX 960m is not great, but with all my settings on low (but on 1080p), having the game freeze and drop if fps every 10 seconds when driving fast is disappointing.-Inconsistent texture quality. Not sure if this is different on anything but low quality, but often there are many ridiculously low-res textures compared to the rest. (Ex: Dedsec logo on Cyberdriver car). I mean, it can be extremely bad at times.PROS:-Basically everything not performance/graphic related.-Online invasions! These things are super fun, whether you are the hacker or hackee-Fun gameplay. I prefer to take missions slowly, scoping out areas with my drone (seems to be the way Ubisoft intended)-Great open world. Seems huge, lots of secret areas, fairly detailed.Overall, I think if you don't mind"
,Recommended,447040,28903254,Posted: 1 January,all,Kah1ro,"Good game overall, much better than the first one. Only few annoinces like forced stealth, game is too long for what it has to offer (about 20hrs), optional missions which are not optionall at all. Would recommend buying on a sale"
76561198105214064,Recommended,447040,28123510,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,HolyBacon,Good Game. Good Port. Fun co-op. Good Job Ubisoft.
,Recommended,447040,28903802,Posted: 1 January,all,Dick Longflop,"(SPOILERS WILL BE REVEALED)Watch_Dogs 2This is a review I've been wanting to write for a long time, I just never got the chance to do it because I've been playing Watch_Dogs 2 having so much fun with it, despite it's ups n' downs said by James, the game is fantastic to play with friends, and here is all my reasons why you should recommend this game to everyone else who doesn't have Watch_Dogs 2, I promise they will not regret buying it.So let's start off with they protagonist and the storyline, you play as Marcus Holloway, his online name is Retr0, at the beginning of the story Marcus tries to prove to the anonymous hacking group 'DedSec' which is ran by 'Citara' the leader of the group, 'Wrench' the engineer who can build stuff to get in to enemy lines, he even has a 3D printer which can produce guns by the military or guns created by DedSec, 'Horatio' he makes DedSec go where it is most crucial then there is my most favourite one, Josh, his backstory is quite deep and actually kind of sad if you think about it.Josh wanted to work with computers (as you would expect), when applied for a job, CTOS/Blumes systems declined his job application automatically, infact all jobs were denied from him just because he had autism, (I don't know whether or not it was high or low autism, having low-autism myself I cant relate to Josh, if I'd know I'd write about it)Later in the game Horatio, he is your friend in DedSec, and Nudle, he helps you get to Nudles servers, systems etc. but get's put in a Employees office, which unfortunately was the one Horatio hated, but he luckily can escape if you mess with the employee's office, for example reading emails, playing speakers, freaking him out etc. But sadly, one of the most saddest parts of the story is when Horatio, get's kidnapped by a gang, and is killed, and you have to seek out vengeance for him. (I will leave it there :D)Now let's talk about the negatives, as James said the stealth in the game is finickity, and the shooting is quite difficult, I've been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when I miss every shot with a sniper rifle and I get one shotted online, and I'm back silver 5, but the intesity of it, just covers the rage over, the anticipation, you're waiting for the bounty target to get right in to position, and BAM! you shoot him write in the face as he is being chased by about 6 police cars, and the best thing about it is, you still gain followers and the challenge is to get to the highest rank in the game. Or just have fun of course.I'd love to talk about tons more things in this game, but I will end it off here, would I recommend this game? Yes! If you're looking for something fun then this your game."
76561198026648981,Recommended,447040,28903062,Posted: 1 January,all,t dog,"a decent good port by ubisoft. game is fun as hell when you unlock more hacks to do. driving is not bad, shooting is interesting not terrible. it is optimized but you need a decent set up if you wanna play on ultra settings. loving the campaign so far. will edit review again if anything bad comes up. 7/10 for the game so far. a lot of an improve over watch dogs 1edit: this game requires 8gigs minmum i'd suggest 12+ more.my new review for this game:storyline: 9/10hackable objects: 8/10guns: 7/10optimization: 6.9/10port: decentcrashes: experienced 2 and a few amounts of fps drops in intense scenescontrols: good for both keyboard and mouse (full support)multiplayer: players randomly join in or you can partner up with someone (ubisoft servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥just saying)driving realism: ehhh you drive full speed into a truck and you don't fall off your bike. Driving off of a 60 foot building onto the ground you still survive.in game saves: ubisoft really should've ♥♥♥♥ing used save by each object you do. Pretty much when you die you have to start all over again.Getting killed: About 4 shots and your dead.season pass worth it? Ehhh only if you truly get into the game a lot and appreciate and understand what ubisoft has done that has made it 100x better then the first watch dogs.characters: cheesy lines and some remorable ones in there as wellhacking atm's: Haven't ♥♥♥♥ing found any yet...Game worth buying if I wanna play on ultra settings: Yeah but you'll need a high end gpu and cpu to do that.How much ram does the game take up: 8gigs i recommend 16gigs or 12gigswill my cpu ♥♥♥♥♥ at me: yes because they didn't fully optimize this game. it's pretty much like a roller coster the game doesn't know where to balance it all.what graphics card would be able to play this on ultra (amd and nvidia): AMD probably rx 480 8gb and nvidia gtx 770 - gtx 970is the game worth the full moneys worth: ehhh..... not really i mean if ubisoft optimized it better and reduced the cost of season pass then yes. Season pass is $70 or $60 can't remember aus game is $90 aus.is there hackers online: it's a hacking game ffs and ubisoft has anti cheat software enabled on it which you have to install in order to play.how realistic are the ai: actually pretty realistic if someone punches you in the face other civilians will step in (sometimes) to help you and call the cops. when chilling and walking down the street you will see a hole in the road that's most likely because a player has been there and done that.my rating for the game i'd say: 8.3/10 if ubisoft reduced the season pass and optimized it a lot better then 9/10. fantastic story line enjoyed playing it."
76561198212208076,Recommended,447040,30690053,Posted: 23 March,all,✪ Enjy2k,"I recommend this game who like parkour, shooting games and hacking in games.Idk what to say about this game...Watch some videos about this game on youtube and if you like it then give it a try. You will need to have a good computer or low settings to play this game. example my computer is op and gets like 300 fps on cs go. And in this game 30-60 whit good settings."
,Recommended,447040,28903918,Posted: 1 January,all,Kenny-,BERY GOOD
,Recommended,447040,29278408,Posted: 15 January,all,SickNaeNae,"Ubisoft please optimize this for AMD.And i think disconnecting people from online because they have low framerate is a great idea, not.Otherwise everything is great."
76561198080163895,Recommended,447040,28398031,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DoomRaptor,Ubisoft just clutched 2016 with WD2.GG!I rate this game almost a 9/10
76561198292748117,Recommended,447040,30440526,Posted: 10 March,all,|KING|DeathStroke|,Hacking😍😍......
,Recommended,447040,29432182,Posted: 22 January,all,KAKON07,Very Good Game unlike Like its predecessor :)
,Recommended,447040,30713407,Posted: 24 March,all,Necrodimus Prime,"Marcus is PERIOD one of the best protagonists Ubisoft has thought of in a while. This game has a stellar soundtrack and is eye candy all the way. Gameplay is also good and quick to learn.This is one title not to be missed.So, hack all the things and drink all the booze!"
,Recommended,447040,28242833,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheCallunxz,Great Sombra simulator 10/10.
76561198165207473,Recommended,447040,30949473,Posted: 4 April,all,weiwei,Another GTA V.
,Not Recommended,447040,28713367,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Admiraal spetter poep,Micro tranactions..rlly ubisoft?big refund for me
,Recommended,447040,29277517,Posted: 15 January,all,Commander GX,This is another good title of 2016 <3 A must play. The multiplayer is not as good compared to GTA V.But the missions are totally fun.The free roam is also fun.Overall a good game <3
,Recommended,447040,28308934,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JackDaniels325,"8/10 would play again if decen't COOP partner was available for online play. Spoiler Free review.The game was buggy, and saddly lacks much in the way of Replay ability.Stole a Scissor Lift and Drove around for hours completing Collectable's and Missions through the use of a Scissor lift. No achievement for this task. But, plenty of Easter Egg's to keep you busy for a while.I played this game for a live stream and completed the game in 48 hours, over a course of 6 days.The online features had to be turned off to advance the Side and Main Quests, but saddly COOP players couldn't join you for your gameplay. Even though it would have been nice.The missions are well scripted, and the story is very nice. You do alot of Hacking as expected for a game about hackers.The Puzzles are much harder and very enjoyable for brain teasers.But the only real weapons needed in the game is the Tazer and 203 Launcher.Check out my video on the Swatting the Swatter if you would like an example of what I mean about well exicuted Easter Egg'shttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbGzwbULARQ"
,Not Recommended,447040,28766268,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LinkinsRepeater,Tried the game when it was on sale on the Winter Sale 2016.Seemed to like to game would quickly bore me so that is why I refunded.
,Recommended,447040,30058264,Posted: 20 February,all,Elk,Maybe the best game i have ever played :-)
,Recommended,447040,30069567,Posted: 20 February,all,Kiεяyn,basically a cancer version of gta 5
,Recommended,447040,29293688,Posted: 16 January,all,Brigand Boy,"I just finished the main storyline and I have to say, I don't feel like I'm done with the game. It very much feels like GTAV in that way.So, what did I like?The actual game world.The game is visually gorgeous. The city is pretty damned accurate, and everything looks different depending on the weather and time of day, right down to shadows going in the right angles and water filling up low spots in the ground.The sound is damned good overall, and the conversations between NPCs as you pass help make the game feel alive. The music is also really good, and one of my favorite parts was a ""boss battle"" with a song by The Prodigy going in the background.The characters in the game are the best part, I think. Every one of the main characters in the story feels believable. I like most of them, and the tension between some of them is very genuine, be it friendship, mistrust, or even attraction. A lot of care and effort was put in to how these people react to each other.The story was pretty good, and I liked how it all came together.The hacking puzzles were mostly fun, and I really liked the side-quests and collectables scattered around the map.So what didn't I like?Mechanical stuff.Cover based mechanics weren't perfect (too innacurate or too unresponsive. Or both).Enemy NPC aggro and accuracy was a huge pain considering how tough most of them are.Driving can be a chore (unless you are on a sweet bike and it's a relatively straight road).Weapons were mostly a liablity, except for the upgraded stun gun.Grenades were far too hard to throw accurately, and blowing them up wasn't always possible considering how inaccurate hacking on the fly tends to be in a gunfight.A lack of jump made a lot of puzzles harder than they had to be, and jumping across gaps in buildings mostly impossible.Micro-transactions for clothes and paint jobs (neither of which there are enough of in the game, IMO).Overall, I loved this game. I still feel like playing it, despite the fact that I'm done with the main story. The negatives DID frustrate me from time to time to point of real anger, but they bothered me pretty infrequently if at all. The game is addictive, and it's (and I want to stress how frickin' weird this is)....A GOOD Ubisoft game. No joke. Micro-transactions aside, the game is worth spending money on. Especially if it goes on sale. $60 might be a bit steep for many, but if it hits that sweet spot of $40 or below, it is well worth it."
,Recommended,447040,28034669,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Keyvan,The game is well optimized on pc. i have gtx 980 and core i7 4790 and i get 60 fps on ultra & 1080p.
,Recommended,447040,31651592,Posted: 9 May,all,Strider,One of Ubisoft's most successful games easter eggs are awesome to find more then recommand this game to anyone. It is just a good game to walk and drive around aswell. It is amazing how much they improved this from the first one.
,Recommended,447040,29842960,Posted: 11 February,all,♥,good
76561198131648032,Not Recommended,447040,29263545,Posted: 14 January,all,Pirahtays,"Reinstalled drivers, fiddled with settings, prayed to any God that would listen.  No amount of effort would allow me to getliterally more than10seconds into gameplay.  I never even made it from the starting point to the first panel.  That's the lucky few times where it didn't crash immediately or during the opening videos."
76561198318323432,Not Recommended,447040,28807776,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,wies.torsin,"Keeps crashing after a few minutes, 100% CPU (I5 6600K) and GPU (GTX980) usage!!"
,Recommended,447040,28318547,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,stormfraz,"Really enjoyed the game, parkour was fluent and fun and i really liked the characters. The only problem I would say i had was the spotting mechanics in the game, when spotted by anyone, anywhere you are automatically spotted by like everyone in a 100m area. Just kind of annoying when trying to do stealth but overall i really liked the game and would definetly recommend it."
,Recommended,447040,28340551,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jacket,"If you were really excited for the potential of the original Watch Dogs, but found it lacking, buy the sequel.I put 37 hours into my first playthrough and I'm still not quite finished with exploration and side activities. There wasn't a solitary dull or boring moment in those 37 hours that made me regret my purchase.Also, there are actually dogs to watch this time. Title no longer misleads.The PortUbisoft really stepped it up with the PC port quality. It runs amazing, even managing to reach an average 60 FPS on my GTX 970 and i7 4790k on Very High settings. Just make sure to turn on the option for Temporal Filtering to gain roughly 40 FPS, otherwise the game will average out at about 20, unless you're running god-tier graphics cards.HackingInstead of the underwhelming, limited hacking system of the first title, this one expands in every possible way, offering pretty much any method of city / personal / data manipulation one could imagine. There's an expanded skill tree for hacking skills, and exploration of the bay area is encouraged through the ability to find skill points for upgrades, bags of cash, and valuable data to unlock more potential skills lying around the map.CombatCombat is really fleshed out, offering both lethal and non-lethal alternatives. A 3-D printer in the home base area allows for very niche choices of weapons and paint jobs. One can choose from distance kills via one of many snipers offered, rushing in guns-blazing and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, taking everyone out with an RC device to avoid getting killed, or sneaking your way in and cracking many, many skulls.StealthStealth is unforgiving and brutal, but at the same time incredibly fun, even if you ♥♥♥♥ up and have to start an area over. There are so many options to deal with groups of enemies in restricted areas that you'd have to play the game multiple times to really be able to explore all of the possibilities; from dropping explosives and tazer-bombs from an RC drone or jumper, to simultaneously jamming every enemy's communications and performing disgustingly hard-hitting melee takedowns with Marcus' pool ball on a para-cord string.StoryThe story is the only real thing that I see recieving negative criticism, but I thought it was hilarious and much more immersive than the first game. Instead of a stereotyped revenge plot, Watch Dogs 2 centers around parodying the modern west coast, and not taking itself even the slightest bit serious. My only gripe with it is the way they handlea main character's death. Everyone in Dedsec just sort of gets revenge for it, mourns for five minutes and moves on with hacking and exploding things.But hey there are no trademark Ubisoft map unlock towers anywhere, so that's definitely a good thing.OverallI had my worries about picking this up, even with the glowing reviews it's been getting. I'm happy to say that it's everything I wanted the original Watch Dogs to be, and more. I'm not the least bit disappointed and it's one of the best open world titles I think I've ever played. I'd give it a solid9/10, falling just shy of a perfect score just because of the one story complaint I mentioned above."
76561198102681941,Recommended,447040,28022966,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MahaKrishh,"Controls need some getting used to, but its the definitive watch dogs experience. Very well optimized with great graphics. Story seems great and the gameplay is awesome with endless possibilities. Ubi didn't screw this one up."
,Recommended,447040,32721050,Posted: 24 June,all,Aerosol-X,"I just played through the first few intro mission and I must say the game feels much better than the first part of the series already! The driving has improved and the main character is not a salty grumpy man, which makes the overal vibe of the game much better. The world is bright and colorful, which is much more inviting opposed to Watch_Dogs 1 which was very grey and dark in my opinion.So far I am very happy with my purchase, I will revisit my review after I have put some more playtime in it.Update:At the moment (roughly 10 hours playtime) I have played through some of the story but I haven't finished it yet. I did not do any side activities so far, only followed to main storyline, and I guess I am about halfway through that. So far I am still enjoying the game very much. I mostly take the stealthy approach, I haven't fired a single bullet so far aside from a few taser gun shots when I (nearly) got caught and had to run.One downside is you can't change the sprint button on controllers, which is pressing the left stick by default. At first I thought you had to keep it pushed in, but I noticed a single tap will keep you sprinting until you stop moving, which makes this a little bit easier."
,Recommended,447040,32995809,Posted: 29 June,all,Sakata Yoga,It's not just GTA with hacking skillPros :+Parkour+Beautiful City+Fast Travel+Hacking skill+DroneCons :-Performance-Control for riding. It's so hard for me8/10
76561198186343513,Recommended,447040,33151612,Posted: 2 July,all,Superbatman115,A lot better than the first game
,Recommended,447040,30847520,Posted: 30 March,all,1214__,lowkey one of the best games in the last few years
76561198007691603,Recommended,447040,33433915,Posted: 10 July,all,Hrolgar [Ullr],"I actually enjoyed WD2..I originally bought it back when it was released, but after 40m gameplay decided it wasn't for me, and refunded it. I hated WD1 and thought this was just the same.I picked it up again now at the summer sales, and thought that I would give it another go. My first impression was again that I didn't like it. The driving is terrible, compared to GTA V. The stealth system is non-existent with the annoying Hivemind AI. And the annoying (you can disable) Online mode.But then I started hacking, using the envirment, destroying and killing everyone inside a base without even going inside once. Using only cameras and drones - THAT is what makes this game amusing.Also, driving slow and listen to what people say and do is pretty amazing. The different events from someone stealing a phone to someone running out of a house yelling at their spouse while hitting the car with a baseball bat.All in all, I enjoyed the game!"
,Recommended,447040,31469979,Posted: 30 April,all,PandaKush :),There's dogs in this one.
,Recommended,447040,28083239,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,<3Luna<3,"I'm really enjoying playing Watch Dogs 2. To be honest, I thought it was more of a failure as it was the first one but this time Ubisoft goes around and I can rectify the mistakes. I highly recommend, for those who always like to have something to do and explore, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,447040,29019504,Posted: 4 January,all,BigC,I kept this game because I was positive there was going to be a patch so I could run this. There wasn't.
,Recommended,447040,28083386,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,aidanrooney95,"Great job Ubisoft. Looks like they listened to the community and have made an amazing PC game! Runs great, mechanics and gameplay feel nice, story is fun, interesting characters. I feel like this is everything they wanted the first game to be, but much more. If you liked the *idea* of the first game (or liked it anyway like myself) i strongly recommend this game!"
76561198073982047,Not Recommended,447040,28713668,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sasmen70,"Game is good in all ways but optimalization is that bad, so i cant do practically nothing.Also Ubisoft servers are no work all the time."
76561197972636311,Recommended,447040,29241658,Posted: 13 January,all,jlm003,"GTA Meets Sneakers.Graphics - 10 ***Since PCs hace different specs your experience could differ. I played on Max for everything and it was stunning.Envirornment - 10Gameplay - 9Story - 9Controls - 9Cinematics - 8Content - 9Music - 8Overall - 9 - I rounded up here.One of the things I liked the most about this game are the true to life stories that are told in the game. Yes Big Brother is more invasive than ever before and yes, certain churches are at the brink of destruction, or we can hope at least. Taking part in a virtual experience to thwart each of their enterprises is thrilling. There are many other story lines that are compelling as well.If you liked the first Watch Dogs, you'll like this one even more. It is more polished, rightfully so, and just is fun to play.I didn't really play any of the online content, outside of a few ""find the hacker"" missions, before I learned to turn off the online setting so I would not get invaded, but even the few that I did play, were pretty fun.Overall this is a great game with quite a bit of ""campaign"" depth and additional replayability in online missions."
,Recommended,447040,28025221,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chow yun fat,"I would rate this game 9/10 from what I've played...better than GTA, WD1 and Mafia III"
76561198091330662,Recommended,447040,28301355,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nubicide,"Finally, a ubisoft game without a downgrade"
,Recommended,447040,28618055,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hacker Chogi1337,"You can taze dogs and cause drive by shootings. Also, you can control a spider bot.10/10Serious reviewI really like this game. It's basically the original but with pretty much everything improved. The first was good(Fight me) but it ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥SPOILERS BELOW!TL;DR at bottom.ProsThe menus look amazing.The PC controls are actually really good. I've changed 3 keys and that was descend(drone), throw grenade and detonate. Other than that, the default controls are fine.Parkour feels smooth most of the time. Very rare occasions where my character didn't respond properly.The driving is fine MOST OF THE TIME(see Cons).You can do most missions non-lethally or lethally.The hacking is improved. You can call gangs and cops on random people. Helpful in missions but also hilarious on civilians.There's actually dogs. The game's title doesn't lie. Good job Ubisoft.It runs pretty well for me. I can't tell the differnce between 30 and 60 fps in this game but i can in others. Good job Ubisoft, again.It seems they tried with the story. It's not too serious(Watch_Dogs 1) and not too stupid.I really like the characters in it. They're not boring and awful like Aiden. They used a variety of personalities too. The characters feel like real people.Wrench exists.There's a lot to do on the map.There's a part where Wrench and Marcus talk about Aliens Vs Predator out of nowhere.It's not a big spoiler but still pretty cool.There's little easter eggs like a possible upcoming Ubisoft game.There's an in-game music player that can be used pretty much any time.The online is actually fun.The drone and jumper are useful for stealth.Spiderbot mission.ConsThe shooting is meh. Can be fun but not really a thing i use a lot.The story is kind of all over the place. It just jumps from one thing to the next. At one point in the story,Dedsec splits up after Mr CtOs man tricks them. You literally speak to them and they join back together. ~_~. Also, there's lots of parts where i have no clue what the people are talking about. This could be because I didn't finish/can't remember the original.Some of missions don't function well. There's a part whereHoratio diesand you have to kill some gang members. You can taze them which makes them wake back up later or get them arrested. This doesn't make sense at all. They can just come back. Also, when I called the police on one of the strong guys, he just let himself get arrested. When you try to arrest a civilian, they usually pull out a gun and cause a shootout.There's a wierd thing when driving where the car randomly turns sharply and it can ruin chances of escaping and chasing other players. Don't know if it's just me or not.Some vehicles are impossible to use with boost. You tap the boost and fly around in random directions.Stealth is too easy on normal mode. If you're getting detected, you press the 'c' hack option to make their phone go off and you can either run off or melee them undetected. Very broken. You can just not use it for this purpose though.I'm not a big fan of the circuit puzzles. They consist of flying around in the drone(Later on) and changing the pipes' direction to complete the circuit. While it's a nice feature, it just annoys me everytime I have to do one.TL;DR. Good game with meh story. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,28304425,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,A commie jockstrap hotdog cowboy,"First time I played this, I saw two dogs doing it in a park during the intro to side missions. Now i'm likehttps://youtu.be/Kab6ys57BjYSecond best game while Grezzo 2 is my all time favorite, ♥♥♥♥ you Grand Theft Auto V you ♥♥♥♥ing embarrassment.;)"
76561198042847912,Recommended,447040,32821201,Posted: 26 June,all,Flakalakalak,"It's a shame that Watchdogs 1 was so bad, it sort of gives this game a disadvantage from the start. Ignore the original game's faults, as this game definitely fixes most of them, and is a genuinely enjoyable experience."
76561197991173463,Recommended,447040,28367516,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PriesT,"TL;DR: Just buy it - you won't regret it. It's polished to a shine, and runs great, even on older machines.Watch Dogs 2 does so many many things right, and very very few things wrong!WD2 is a play on a world where technology threatens the San Francisco Bay Area and its citizens. The 'bad guy' technology coorporations are played by the usual suspects; Google, Facebook, Tesla, Space X and so on, and theres even a throwback to Ubisoft themselfes. In fact, one of the strongest areas of the game, is that it never takes itself too serious: there's plenty of humorous moments!Alright, enough praise. What's the downside:- It gets repetitive quite fast.- The storyline is cheesy at best, and full of immature cliches.- It's easy, even on the hardest difficulty, since you will be grossly overpowered even at the beginning of the game.- Lethality goes against the whole premise.- The skill system is shallow, almost obselete.Bear in mind that the above by no means you should skip this game. It's still very much worth playing. So stop reading, and start hacking!"
,Recommended,447040,28149087,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RazXvan,"Damn, Ubisoft. You outdid yourselves. This game is just unbelievable. I can't believe that this game was unlike any other games that I've played so far. The graphics and everything is just epic. No glitches found so far and the gameplay is very good. I'll give you guys a 9/10. Still lacks a free roam mode and a 4 player (or more) coop. :D"
,Recommended,447040,30022796,Posted: 18 February,all,✩MoonlitRose✩,best game iv played
,Recommended,447040,28043439,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VovkaEZ,IT'S OPTIMISED! THATS ENOUGH
76561198305337216,Recommended,447040,33938461,Posted: 31 July,all,Unregistered Sex Offender,More like Watch_Cats lol
,Recommended,447040,31962687,Posted: 25 May,all,FATAL,This game has very stiff movement! The story was very boring for me I actually skipped cutscenes just to get to the mission which I never do! The game tries too hard to be cool too! But the free roam had me very occupied there was lots to do and collect and I feel I got my hours of play out of it! :)
76561198202663644,Not Recommended,447040,29281961,Posted: 15 January,all,Jay Kay Ecks Dee LEWL,im very divided with this game the car driving is just utterly horible most of everything else is alot of fun to play but ive loaded it up for the first time the game ran fine nothing was wrong (except for the driving mechanics) i havn't been able to reload the game because everytime it cant syncronize to the cloud save which is stupid because basically every other game on steam just saves it in game or to your computer.
,Recommended,447040,33078939,Posted: 1 July,all,TheHyperChimp,"My friend and I were discussing if we should go bird watching or sight seeing. He suggested we should go to the dog racses so I said ""Cool, I could watch dogs too""Great game. Eons better than the first, although it sadly lacks in replayability. Shame the NVIDIA driver messed it up."
76561198115569189,Recommended,447040,33088081,Posted: 1 July,all,Synchousta,AWESOME ! BLANK SCREEN SIMULATOR !
,Recommended,447040,28727450,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zombex,"I LIKE......you will too**Seriously though, this game is really good and now that it's on sale, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,447040,28338062,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,EDX,"I heard the story of Watch Dogs 1: a failed game with excessive hype and very disappointing content. I experienced first hand the Division: another overly hyped game that does not live up to it. In fact, the game was so disappointing and the marketing is so disgusting it made me very biased against UBI. When watch dogs 2 was announced, I thought it was going to be as disappointing and dumb as the first one with alot of down grades and bad optimization. I was wrong, it was fun. The first impression is refreshing and after 2 hours into this game, i could not stop. This is not gta v, it does not offer as much free dom as that. However, it has its own perks, hacking is well designed, infiltration is well paced, and story is exciting. The graphic is also very nice, i consider it one of the most beautiful games in this year and it is very well optimized. My GTX 98	 ti can run it at WQHD at fifty to sixty fps with temperal filtering. I would definitely recommend this game. However, i still am against preordering Ubi's games."
76561198071238043,Recommended,447040,28337444,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rob Ross,Better hackingBetter carsBetter storyBetter side charactersBetter main characterBetter villanBetter control configurationBetter Gameplay
76561198039820703,Recommended,447040,28037342,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Eyune,MR ROBOT. : THE GAME
,Recommended,447040,33660844,Posted: 19 July,all,Cyrol,"So after around 51 hours of playing this game, I decided to review it. And here it is, my review on Watch_Dogs 2.1. Gameplay!!! MIGHT CONTAIN SPOILERS; READ AT YOUR OWN RISK !!!The gameplay of Watch_Dogs 2 is something special to me. I don't play those open world games very often, like I only have The Witcher 3 and Skyrim, but if I like an open world game, I can't stop playing it. This has happened to me whilest playing Witcher the first time. It had such a catchy story and such a beautiful open-world environment that I just couldn't stop playing it. And almost the same goes to this game. The gameplay is, let's say very open minded. Like you can choose if you want to be an aggressor or trickster or a ghost, but aren't applied to them.My playwise was ghost first, but after the mission with Horatio, I split my gamewise up: Kill every gangster u see and try to be a ghost or trickster when seeing cops or Umeni's in an area. and that's what I find fascinating. You too have some good upgrading variants in the Research-App, making your game better everytime you upgrade something. Well not everytime but almost every time since some upgrades are just straight-up bs. Like the shutdown one. Blackouting a part of a city: ok, but it doesnt help you a lot but slightly in the multiplayer. I will come back to that later.Other points are the pursuits you get when spotted by the cops when doing something bad. Those are sometimes thrilling sometimes boring. I still recommend using a bike for escaping tho.2. NPC'sI don't want to be rude here, but the NPC's in this game are sometimes so dumb that I just want to shoot them. They jump in front of your car without noticing, jump besides and complaining when u just park your car in properly and so on. I could tell tales with those. But on the other hand, for the amount of NPC's running around, I'd like to say: Very well done.Now for the police AI: It's somehow weird and I don't like itthatmuch. So let me give you an example: I was doing the Nudle bus driving mission, there suddenly was a car from the cops, randomly trying to do a 180, ramming my bus and instantly pirsuiting me cuz they rammed my bus. Other things: Cops and some Gang guys have a conflict. Me is trying to help the cops, whip out my YourBoySerge Sniper and as soon as I took it out: 2 star pirsuit from the police who instantly shoots me. I want to defend myself against gang members and the police comes by: I get shot and after me the gang members get killed. That makes me kinda sad :( .3. Weapons and Clothing and other stuffI don't have to say much to say to the weapons here. You can print them all in the 3D-printer (cool concept) for a set price AND you can color them as long as they aren't military weapons.For the clothing I also don't have to add that much. You have tons of varieties of styles you can wear. And thats what I personally like a lot.Researching is one hell of a think of sometimes, since you have to properly calculate for yourself what research is worth the most. The fact that you get research points everytime you level up is a good thing here but after reaching level 23, it's over. When you've reached that level, you need to collect research points on your own. The function with the core data collecting makes stuff more interesting but also sometimes nasty and not fun.ScoutX is also one of the things I love in this game. You like have a guide of San Franciscos sights and can visit them all. It's great. You also earn followers for it.I don't want to get into the missions to much here since I can just recommend them the most. My favourite one was the Robot Warrior one (Tidis), which end has been so amazing I couldn't hold myself.4. Music & GraphicsThe music and graphics in this game are just very good. They have implemented a ton of tracks for different genres so theres something here for every ear. Even Classic music.Nothing to add to the Graphics either. Imo they're pretty and smooth and the colors are just looking great.5. Multiplayer experienceThe multiplayer experience for this game is... lets say good with limitations. Sometimes the game puts you into random online sessions where DedSec allies spawn in your world. But then there are those wonderful activities. Shutdown, Bounty Hunting, Hacker Invasion, The Virus, Hack the Hacker (Correct me if I forgot some). Those are very funny sometimes and overall well designed imo. You even get a rank when playing one of those. But one thing there is what angers me: In Hacker Invasion I couldn't spot a guy on the ceiling using NetHack. Fact is: he was the hacker.And then I have one improvement proposal here: Make something that lowers your rank instead of just increasing it everytime. Like when you fail a hackerinvasion and get killed reduce your rank by 50 points or so.7. ConclusionIn conclusion, Watch_Dogs 2 is a great game with just some building sites. The gameplay was fun and the options are wide-spread. It's design has been well done, but there are some building sites concerning the multiplayer experience and the AI. The story has been well written and I'm looking forward to a part 3 of the story. Maybe for finishing of the trilogy a complete ctOS 2.0 shutdown or something. That would be just amazing.I rate this game with a solid 8.5 out of 10.Oh and heres the spoiler for my fav-mission I mentioned above once:So the last mission of the Robot War mission row is to find the lift of the CEO and get to the level where you find some military prototypes. Those indeed look somehow... badass but not. And THAN the real magic happens: You get to open this giant iron door by closing those network crashes and after this one door has opened and you are in this tiny little room, a second door opens. Oh and I tell you guys this second door reveals the most amazing thing I have ever encountered whilest playing games: A super-high-tech-mega-ultra-fat-military-spider-robot. Oh and yes you get to control this thing, oh and yes controlling this thing is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, OH and yes it is satisfying to climb the walls just by running into them. That's another reason why you should buy this game. Just for this gigantic spider robot. And no its not that lame thing from WD1 its 1000 times better, even if I haven't played WD1, I saw it and the one in WD2 IS better.Thanks for reading my review c:-Cyrol"
,Recommended,447040,29731102,Posted: 5 February,all,Shark0603,This is one of the best games made. Ubisoft did good for once.
,Not Recommended,447040,28806514,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SinTheSergal,"Performance issues on PC makes this game unplayable for me. With my rig, I get around 50fps on every preset, low to ultra. Tried with and without texture pack, made no difference. Game ran decently in the tutorial but as soon as I got to the city, it was a micro stutter fest, to the point that I'd rather even play it on console just because it seems more optimized. I tested on multiple rigs and searched for answers but the problem was never solved.Ubisoft sure has done it again. Most of the positive comments here are the reason shady developers and corperations continue to do these things. The game seems great, but it's just a shame such things still exist a month after launch.TL;DR - If you want to actually play the game, just buy it for console. PC port is an extremely disappointing mess. Wait until fixes."
76561198212887189,Recommended,447040,28586517,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr.Voodoo,"because, this game is very good and good storyline ;) cheers"
,Recommended,447040,28443209,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Eshi,"This game is amazing! I has a very cool soundtrack, original and funny characters, detailed map and you will never get bored while playing Watch_Dogs 2"
,Recommended,447040,28777488,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LiterallyLime,"It works, and its fun. Rare for Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,447040,31187108,Posted: 16 April,all,[M] Happy Slav,"This game is amazing. Not too short and not too long. Everything is good: Graphics, gameplay and audio ofc. Some missions must be done in stealth becouse there are too many enemies and reinforcements too fight off. Often i just lost my nerve and went all guns blazing, and i got punished for that. More fun and colory than the first game. Only thing i didnt like is to much LGBT in game. One character is transexual and Flags with gay colours everywhere. That went on my nerve and i ended up shooting them and ppl calling cops. 8.5/10 I recommend it."
,Recommended,447040,28418116,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KICKER,"Pros:+ Full-fledged character customization.+ Beautiful world design.+ A charismatic main character.+ Hackable objects give you multiple hacking options.+ You're in a chill hacker group called Anonymo- I mean DedSec.+ A smart and open mission design. (NPC's will ruin your day if you're not careful)+ Improved radio stations.+ Seemless online activities.+ Hardcore parkour.+ RC JUMPER AND QUADCOPTER, nuff said.Cons:- You can't adjust the music volume.- White little circle in the middle of the screen never goes away.- Camera feels too far behind Marcus. (Not adjustable)- Car delivery sometimes delivers your car 200+ meters away.The cons are not game-breaking but can be annoying.Final thoughts:The game is super fun to play and its light-hearted atmosphere and characters will make sure you're in a good mood while doing missions or running around taking selfies with naked color painted people on the streets."
76561198037916749,Recommended,447040,34057463,Posted: 6 August,all,{0100Venetas1100},"<Review><head><title>Volvo, fix your formating pls</title><!-- Expand the review, for your eyes sake. --></head><body><h1> Why you should ditch your doubts and give WATCH_DOGS 2 a try</h1><!-- TLDR: It's the game the first one wanted to be with a better plot and great world --><h2>The Goods</h2><h3>Amazing characters</h3><p>Unlike another certain open_world game that got a lot of attention, I was able to bondreally well with the main cast in this game<br />The cast is diverse, interesting and likeable.</p><h3>""Small"" world, full of details</h3><p>Watch_Dogs 2 feels like it took the phrase ""size isn't everything"" very serious.<br /> SanFrancisco is physically smaller than f.ex. Los Santos, but feels much more packed with detail<br  />One event i found hilarious was the woman smashing a guys car with a bat in themiddle of the street, while nobody around her gave a damn.</p><h3>Hack the planet</h3><p>In terms of gameplay, it seems like the devs finally hit the nail on the head with thehacking system.<br />It takes about 10 minutes <!-- Or the length of the tutorial --> to getfamiliar with the system. After that it fluidly implements itself into the game and can beexpanded at your will with the use of research points.</p><h3>Fun, lighthearted... wait what?</h3><p>The story is less dead serious this time around.<br />The plot revolves around digging upcorporate secrets and revealing how the masses get their asses handed to them.<br/>Thanks to the lighthearted approach, the shadier sides of the plot, mostly revolvingaround personal conflicts and identity, can unfold really well. </p><h2>The mehs...</h2><p>To cut it down, i'll just give a fast overwiev</p><ul><li>Car physics</li><li>Multiplayer</li> <!-- ... is basically dead --><Li>The parcour system</Li> <!-- Give me a jump button pls --><li>A few bugs and glitches</li> <!-- nothing game breaking so far --><li>The DLC</li> <!-- When wil they ever learn... --></ul><h2>The Verdict</h2>WATCH_DOGS 2 is...<p align=""center""><strong>  Worth it!  </strong></p> <!-- Get it on sale for  <30 bucks! --><p>Ubisoft did a lot of things right with this game.<br /> Even though some problems stillexist, it is one of the best and <b>the</b> most entertaining game revolving around hackingand the youth culture behind it to this date.</body></Review>"
,Recommended,447040,28926341,Posted: 1 January,all,sam,"I have never posted a steam review but I just gotta say this game was awesome. Lots of realistic undertones pertaining to real life events, great licensed music, likeable characters, decently accurate depiction of the bay area as much as could be allowed for a game like this (but where is the BART??) etc. Great game, A+."
,Recommended,447040,28062875,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,乡 K1L0,"+Graphics were solid and I'm impress . Better than the previous game which is trash+Gameplay were the best and love the parkour system, and I notice the movement were a bit like 'Syndicate' at some point .+RC Jumper and Drone WERE DOPE AF, love the system where you can hack from miles away without breaching or make some noise-NO ! Why only 2 player can join, I have 4 friends playing Watch Dogs 2 but only 2 player can join . aww that sucksSo far, this I notice when I play for about 3 and half hours . The game is well build HAHAHAHHA NICE JOB UBISOFT . First time trusting your game . GGWP 8/10"
,Recommended,447040,28171752,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SnowyFleck,probably the best game in 2016 it really out did watch dogs 1 I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
76561198104890808,Recommended,447040,28174200,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NaTsoO,"this game is soo good , but i wish they put more than 2 in the co-op"
,Recommended,447040,28213626,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Notorious MSG,"I've only played a few hours, but this is already ten times the game the original was.A lot of fun, beautiful and I've only just gotten started.Would reccomend."
76561198023197403,Recommended,447040,28176678,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BlackNeko06,"I admit I was iffy about this game to begin with, mostly for how badly the first Watch_Dogs burnt me - but I was happily proven wrong!Watch_Dogs 2 was exactly what I wanted out of a hacker/stealth/parkour game - and the style and mood change is a definate plus! Also, the pro LGBTQ markers, very appreciated, since we just havn't gotten that in many games yet except for one or two gay characters (step it up games) and smart gameplay and dialog, also appriciated.For how great it is it does have its downsides, of course.The characters can seem very idealistic and self absorbed, and seem not to have any issues with the people they kill (if you take that root, though you most likely will kill some people even by accident) even when they toat that they are taking the higher ground. And some of the 'I'm a geek/nerd!' dialog feels a little forced.(Plus Ubisoft inserts itself into its own game by having you hacking into their office to leak a trailer for a side mission, and all the characters seem overly excited for anything Ubisoft ... nice try Ubisoft, no offense, but you are not that cool.)Plus, even though most of the NPC interactions are quite good, there are still some bugs ... mostly the NPC's on the sidewalk freeking out when I drive by and jump into traffic, out in front of my car, to get away from me. Most of the time I was trying to excape from the cops screaming ""It wasn't my fault! She hit me!""Oh, also the multiplayer online stuff is ok - but personally for me and my friends, we would have prefered coop story avaiability, instead of off to the side, one off missions."
,Recommended,447040,28136669,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Killstroke,Finally Ubisoft haven't downgraded the game and actually for once listened to the community.Story: 8.9/10Characters: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Customization: 8.4/10Graphics: 9.7/10Soundtrack: 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28237970,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eromaw,"Pros:- The fluidity between singleplayer and being connected to a player on multiplayer is just superb, no loading screens at all and no FPS drops.- The hacking is very satisfying- Controlling the quad copter and buggy thing is fun and easy to control- Story line is fun and interactive- Driving feels good on a majority of the cars- Car on demand feature isn't the annoying 5 minutes like on GTA- Being able to call the police or gang members on people is an amazing feature- Motorbike riding feels very fluid and easy to doCons:- Variety of cars can get boring- Hacking online situation can get annoying if it interrupts you doing something- AI can be extremely sensitive, driving down the road normally can cause them to freak out and flinch backwards- Attacking civillians with your hands is repetitive, the same attack is used over and over rather than different attacks like kicking or headbutting.Overall I think the game is brilliant, its fun and a nice game to hop on and chill out and play through. Have been thoroughly enjoying it, if the cons I listed get ironed out then this game would just be amazing"
,Recommended,447040,28064960,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,_xqr,"Every new AAA game comes as a console port which has performance and controls issues, but WD2 truly is not one of this crap ports.Driving feels so right, liquid movement, very customizable settings (FOV, lot's of graphical optionsyou don't even have to restart the game every time if you want to change something, language, music, all sorts of mouse sensitivities and more).I run at native 1080p borderless, on High-Very_High-Ultra mix and can't complain about FPS. My rig is:NVIDIA 960GTX (4gb)Intel Core i5 250016gb of RAMI want to play more and more. WD2 For the GOTY"
,Recommended,447040,28141097,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Inf#Road2Nowhere 🐯,"Excellent game. Handling MUCH better, drones and quadcopter is amazingly fitted into the gameplay.Colourfull, fresh and funny game.9\10 bcz of some bugs and not perfect optimisation(as in GTA V)."
,Recommended,447040,28176057,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,chav,Finally Ubisoft made a really good game!! :-))))
76561198305843393,Recommended,447040,28400588,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ayushmantalukder,Loved the graphics and sci-fi in the game. Multiplayer works just fine and missions are really awesome.
76561198061586349,Recommended,447040,28150092,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Ming LEe,YES FINALLY! Hacker game just what I have wanted. First one wasen't so good I played it around 5 hours and got bord. But this awesome. So much things you can do and sidemissions that are fun :D I have now played 14h and done like 4 main missions. And story is just getting started. Graphics are very good on my oppinion. I have almost setting on ultra and very high and dam it looks nice. Im running gtx 1060. World looks really good. Voice acting and lipsync is good props for that! And there are really funny easter eggs and jokes if you get them. :D Would absolutely recommend.Oh and also multiplayer is nice no loading screens and stuff like that and really fun. :D
76561198044717385,Recommended,447040,28170576,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Everybody,"Although the graphics, gameplay, story and hacking are a great leap forward from the first one, the greatest improvement is that you can actually watch dogs now."
,Recommended,447040,28060212,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,YandereQueen,"Ubisoft killed it this time with this game. It should have been like this with the first part. Although I also liked it, but it seemed to be a little bit of a lackluster game. Watchdogs 2 feels so much alive with all the colors and activities put into this. Im playing on gtx860m with medium settings and with a avg fps of 42 its not so bad at all! Definitely Recommended"
76561198381854979,Recommended,447040,34456994,Posted: 24 August,all,ssalghamdi9,the best open world in the world
,Recommended,447040,29334435,Posted: 18 January,all,Seigneur Léon,One of the best open world free roam game i played. Graphics and details are speechless. Gameplay top notch.
76561198055845063,Recommended,447040,28177328,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shoji,"Great game. Far improved on the first. Online hacking is fun but there are usually very few people on to hack and i can never find anyone. Campaign was awesome but i highly recommend ditching lethal combat whenever you are able. The challenge is really in the hacking your way in and stealthing out using the environment to your advantage. If a mission does frustrate you, you can still dronestrike everything and mop up the rest with guns but I would save that as a last resort. Scissorlifts are the new meta.if you are having ridiculous framerate issues like I was at first, then for the love of god turn vsync on. Night and day difference even on great hardware."
,Recommended,447040,28396184,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Saad.AlTaMiMi 🔑,افضل  اللعبه السنة 20169:10
76561198047429237,Recommended,447040,29170846,Posted: 10 January,all,Skullex,Gta 5 + Hacking
,Recommended,447040,28117676,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,HoomanSA7,"Great perfomance on PC , i had some lags in Watch dogs 1 in ultra settings but in WD2 all things are smooth ( self experience )All things have been improved even driving skills , but it's not the best they still should work on driving etc .Vehicles are not so different from each other , mostly are same with low speed except one or two .They should work on online secsions too .Gameplay is great and hacking tools are so fun , i even enjoyed the base with 3D printer xd .But overall i can say they really did good on this game , as a fan of WD 2 , i'm satisfied ."
,Recommended,447040,32832104,Posted: 26 June,all,Boeing787,"My review of WD2:Pros:Story: The story is very easy to understand and follow. Each mission has it's own unique layout, and has a purpose. Overall, there are no complaints regarding the story, other than the fact that it's short. I managed to complete it with only 20-30 ish hours of play time. You can replay missions if you want to tho.Gameplay: Ubisoft allows you to play the game with multiple playstyles. You can either go full YOLO and shoot every enemy you see, or go stealth mode and sneak around your enemies. Driving cars in the game isn't too bad, especially if you're in a motorcycle.Graphics: The screenshots speaks for themselves. This game is beautiful. Even on low-medium settings with antialiasing on, the game looks gorgeous. Ubisoft really did take their time to refine their graphics, and recreate the Bay area.Cons:Optimization: On my computer (AMD x4 860k 3.7 gHz, GTX 1050ti), the game runs at 20-30 FPS on medium/low settings, with frequent stuttering. GTA runs at 70-80FPS on a PC with the same specs, and rocket league runs at 150FPS. Ubisoft really needs to optimize their games on PC. If you want to play this game on decent quality and framerate, you'll need to invest serious money on your pc. If you have a weak CPU, you should expect yourself to upgrade in the very near future. (I am planning to upgrade to AMD's new ryzen CPUs, which should help with performance), not only that, most people use 8GB of RAM in their system. ubisoft reccomends you use 8GB of RAM in your system. However, every time I start playing, I get a notification saying that ""you don't have enough system memory"" i don't know if this is due to my RAM being old or slow, but you should keep that in mind.AI: The NPCs in this game are admittedly, REALLY DUMB. In the game, there is a feature where if an enemy spots you, you can distract them by sending somthing to their phones. The only problem is that after they recieve the message, they seem to forget about your existence.Edit: Now that I have my new Ryzen 5 1600 processor, performance in this game has improved dramatically (about 40-50FPS on high-very high settings/) However, given that I only have 8GB of memory, the game stutters and freezes a lot, especially when I'm driving. I do reccoment 16GB of RAM to play this game (or any AAA game for that matter)"
,Recommended,447040,29634836,Posted: 1 February,all,fQoulke,"Watch Dogs 2 most closely resembles not even Ubisoft previous projects, and Grand Theft Auto 5. To direct collision game about hackers lacks proper direction and scale, but even in such a Watch Dogs 2 - a real surprise and a great game.In the end, play Watch Dogs 2 is simply convenient. Phone is reminiscent of side-jobs, one has only to pass near the site of their execution. No towers, hunting, leaf collection, purchasing items for real money or network of clubs. And between the points on the map, you can move quickly, and travel these occur without any downloads, a couple of seconds and save great time and nerves.Watch Dogs 2 if significant ignores all the annoying modern trend and doing so the player has always been fun. :))"
76561198024512894,Recommended,447040,31016874,Posted: 8 April,all,PIN34PPLEXPRESS,"The game is pretty good, the stealth is frustrating however; killing or incapacitating an enemy that only just has spotted you last minute, yet has not been able to call to his buddies, causes all enemies in the entire area to know exactly where you are. Thats kinda BS to me.Graphics and map are awesome, characters are alright...maybe a bit too alternative to my taste.It is Ubisoft be warned, the usual crap that comes with that name is unchanged; fricken Uplay, grenade spam and worlds worse customer service etc...Regardless I still enjoyed this game, the alcatraz mission is frustrating as sh!t though."
76561198239421712,Recommended,447040,28154576,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Vege B Small Vege Chincken,很好的一款游戏，但是能不能把开始界面搞得霸气一些 I like this game except its start menu
,Not Recommended,447040,29345710,Posted: 18 January,all,Figet spinger,"This game is fun, can barely get 50 fps on low on an i5 6400 and a 1070 with 16gb of ram, sad that i cant recommend it, ubisoft fix this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,447040,28196145,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nutty Nick,"So much better than WD1.Story is better, graphics are better, blah blah blah.Only two things i dont like are:1) Driving sensitivity2) Crashes when driving for too long/fast on my system"
,Recommended,447040,28037899,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,#01,F**k society...
,Recommended,447040,28120875,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Daysent,"I named my Quadcopter ""Ice Cube""DROPPING BOMBS ON YO MUMS"
,Recommended,447040,28325054,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Britishname Cantpronounce,YOU CAN MAKE YOUR OWN PLAYLIST ON YOUR OWN IN-GAME PHONEa playlist... on your in-game phone...
,Recommended,447040,28121007,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Weetabix skinsjar.com,10/10It has a good story and concept. Would be better if the story or the game was longer.
76561198106990076,Recommended,447040,28313382,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ItsYeBoiHazza,Really enjoyed the game highly recommend
,Recommended,447040,28314830,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bruce Wayne,"After being 5 hours into the game, the experience was awesome so far: Graphics is excellent and extremely smooth even on ultra settings, no bugs, no crashes or freezes, missions are fun, driving model is quite nice, just a great game overall. Lets see how it plays out..."
,Recommended,447040,28325983,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mmmm JAMMY,"I love this game so far. Totally makes up for the mess that was Watch_Dogs.It seems that for once, Ubisoft has actually listened to the community and removed this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff and make a more unique open world game. Rather than just rehashing the old ubisoft technique of go to an area and liberate that area.The characters are good if a bit cliched at times but they're all unique and interesting. Wrench being my favourite purely because he wanted to 3D print a gun that looked like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or a cat.The activities are cool, there is even an app which lets you become an Uber driver, which sounds dull but is actually really cool when you undertake odd challenges and drive different people,driving a disgruntled taxi driver who during the journey makes under handed comments about your work and then leads you into an ambush to be gunned down by gangsters.The hacking has become more interesting with new techniques to take down and remove obstacles in new ways.The profiler is still here but massively improved, with a resource called Botnet charges you can't just run down the street spamming the hack key to steal everyones money. Stuff now costs more as well so even if you did steal everyone's money it would still take a while to earn enough to purchase a decent gun or a vehicle etc. Music acquisition now makes sense and you can now identify new tracks in more ways than just going up to a particular stereo. Now if you stand by a car thats playing a new track you can identify it or if someone on the street is blasting music from the stereo or from their house.The story is good, this time instead of being a walking contradiction dressed as a vigilante who can't button up a trench coat properly. You are Marcus, an aspiring hacker who joins Dedsec. Yeah, this time you actually play as the interesting people. But this cell of Dedsec is a small cell just starting off in San Francisco. You're overarching goal? Simple, take down ctOS 2.0There are a huge amount of easter eggs referencing the real world, even one which criticises Martin Shkreli and his desire for an exclusive rap icon album just for him. You totally screw him over btw which is awesome, wish someone would actually do this to Shkreli.Overall, this game is awesome and you should totally buy it.Why are you still reading this? You should already be on the checkout page, go get out of here and play the damn game son!"
76561198094974000,Recommended,447040,28123925,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,G!,the best game of my life
,Recommended,447040,28567822,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hyde,"Fun, good writing.An improvement would be the graphics and optimization. Thats it tho"
,Recommended,447040,29281448,Posted: 15 January,all,H3RO.,<3 nice game
,Not Recommended,447040,28903415,Posted: 1 January,all,Broccolia,"Watch Dogs 2 had so much potential. Beautiful city, great protagonist, good visuals, had everything going for it. The biggest problem is they released it too soon. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:- Great city- AWESOME police chases- Seamless multiplayer is fairly good- Campaign is pretty fun- Stealth is great- Bad guys and cops can actually aimCons:- SO many glitches and bugs. Within the first half an hour of installing this game I was already walking around the map in mid air- No where near enough hacking- Optimisation is poor- Multiplayer with friends is difficult (not impossible)- Nothing much to do in free roam besides shoot people, do cop chases or jump of bridges- Textures and colours look a bit plain in some areas, for example when you look at some cars it is just a single colour and no sign of wear or colour or anything, some cars are just white and black. Doesn't look real at all (even in ultra!)- Can't look directly up unless you're standing still- RepetitiveOverall, Watch Dogs 2 can still be recovered. I feel like if they give this game a massive update, they could recover this game. It really just wasn't finished on initial release.In the end, I give this game a 4/10. Thanks for reading."
76561198108848133,Recommended,447040,28768166,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Var,"I found a dog, I was happy."
,Recommended,447040,28199615,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MuLuMe ~(=ﾟωﾟ)ﾉ,"Surprisingly good at every aspect, i see it as a redemption from Ubisoft. 89/100 :3"
,Recommended,447040,28141499,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,El Presedente Beatus,"When you were younger, did you have a friend who you stopped hanging out with because of his parents? His parents being jerks, maybe making him wear nice clothes when he is around people they can kiss upto but giving him♥♥♥♥♥♥when its literally any other day? That was Watch_DogsWatch_Dogs 2 is like an apology note from those parents, making up with their kid, and giving him an early christmas, and him letting you play with the cool toys"
,Recommended,447040,28230911,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,The Wizard.,YOU CAN PET THE DOGS ON THE STREET10/10 pawswould buy it again
,Recommended,447040,28227407,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,kill3r™,es bretty gud xddd
76561198153917650,Not Recommended,447040,29286303,Posted: 15 January,all,ILCVMBSIC Emperor Shawn,"Please do not buy until you read this!Game Mechniaics feel glitched for me,Feels like a rushed out grand theft autoWeak storyline / no purpose at allMore stupid puzzles [hacking]Cars will despawn after you automatically enter a bistro and come out [is the same for most shops]You have to pay for half the dam clothes [IRL]90% of the time for me, i can not access the mutiplayer becuase the anticheat system blocks me even though i just started the game for about an hour and i dident even have hacksOne of the worst anticheat systems ever [even Mario had better anti-cheat system, oh wait]"
,Recommended,447040,31983546,Posted: 26 May,all,Spleege,Very good but at its core it is still a Ubisoft game.
76561198155556024,Recommended,447040,33227762,Posted: 4 July,all,soulus(ソウル),good game doggos. but uh if you buy the dlc seperatly without season pass its like 12$ cheaper good job ubisoft...
76561198063632895,Recommended,447040,28125876,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,UnsightedScarab,I called the cops on a couple having a slap fight. Cops tried to arrest one of them and then the couple started to slap the cops in which the cops then immediatly shot both of them in the face. 11/10 would watch slap fight again
76561198372187313,Recommended,447040,31441435,Posted: 29 April,all,zezoo_1992,"I like this game, and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,447040,28694018,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ProtoAES256,Enjoyed.
,Not Recommended,447040,29643089,Posted: 1 February,all,NeoJacks,"Improvement in graphics. I don't like that the game is not serious anymore. It's a bunch of kids doing random stuff, like a game. Shooting and killing people, also putting down one of the most powerful companies in the world is nothing fun, it's serious♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just like the first one, Aiden was serious in what he was doing, and shooting was appropiate for the character. Marcus does not seems like the kind of guy who will be entering places and shooting around."
,Recommended,447040,28777220,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Was it a Banger?,"Drink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsoh and i got ride around the city in a scissor lift10/10 would spend an hour riding a scissor lift oh and there is a spider tankThis one's dedicated to all the hackersEven out settle score quickMy disaster recovery requires even more disksPut your bytes up, prove it or you forfeitGot my C64 and we blew it into orbitM. Bison with eight straight perfectsOverload emotions make hate, break circuitsIn case you heard, it's a name fake serviceOptimize our runtime to escape verdictsGot an integer scope flowThat they can't signPassing code, didn't sanitizeCommand lines; land mineSo before, they'll see me afterI'm Advice dogCourage WolfPlus PhilosoraptorDon't prove we're human unless we really haftaMy team built schemes that destroyed recaptchaHate what they see, finish this chapterBy the way we're not any geeks, we hack into NASADrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsGot this Vodka and this RedbullThey still give me wingsSo we drink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsZero through ThreeWe're in every single ringI'm just waiting until my blackberry diesCause I'll replace it with a raspberry piDon't compare to this trackIt makes everything they said dullNeutralize any threatTurn Red skull to dev nullThey killed virus writers that we mentionedBut instead they ascended to the VXHeavensTo reincarnate as live wiresStill inside we hide ciphers in signed device driversWhich school will we hit next?They didn't learn the formatSo we've gotta printfNext step is a chin checkFreestyles that I spit bestThey didn't decrypt yetI crush internet MC's in rhyme battlesGet your WiFi tackledHak5 PineappleI don't think you'll like my snappleCause I popped it with vodkaAnd a cyanide capsuleWe drink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsGot this Vodka and this RedbullThey still give me wingsSo we drink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsFirst we drink all the boozeThen we hack all the thingsThen backdoor the firmwareOn anything you bringRegardless of the hardware, service, or encodingConnected it to the internetAnd someone's gonna own itThis is for the pirates who clapAnd love the soundAttacking from the cloudThen we're back in undergroundThere's no masking from us nowWe pop Tor nodes around the globeTrack and hunt you downHacked on schedule, add it to your calendarDevices online; here comes another challengerState infiltrated, so undercoverThis is for my comrades who stare at their debuggersAnd trace every bufferExamining the code flowHaven't been to sleep? Better pop another No-DozI think I'll need a planet sized urnCause some men just wanna see the world burnYour turnDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsGot this zodka and this RedbullThey still give me wingsSo we drink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsDrink all the boozeHack all the thingsZero through threeWe're in every single ring"
,Recommended,447040,33014908,Posted: 29 June,all,super speed drive,this is a good way to practice ur hacking i strongly reccomend it to anyone who takes their hacking seriously and is looking for some practice
,Not Recommended,447040,33552919,Posted: 14 July,all,Greenviking,"I must say the game was amazing I loved the story and the entire concept of the hacking theme, however the optimization for this game is garbage. Ever since the update I am now getting close to half of my fps from when I first started to play the game?? I am running a mid/high end pc that should be able to handle this game.   i5 6400,gtx 1060 3gb, and 8 gigs of ram which clearly is not enough so why lie about the recommended specs? I am legit getting 30-40fps on the lowest settings, when before I was getting 60-80 on high?? anyways I have requested for a refund so hopefully I can spend my 40 dollars else where."
,Recommended,447040,28026506,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,alcolol,"so far I have:- tricked martin shkreli into buying a fake wutang album- run over someone walking their dog, then watched as the dog sat down sorrowfully unmoving next to their corpse- stumbled across a cheeki breeki gopnik rave complete with squatting, adidas & hardbass, then started a fight when I hit on one of the women- HACKED THE PLANET10/10 goty"
76561197992030321,Not Recommended,447040,29282208,Posted: 15 January,all,GregJA,"Poor performance on:Nvidia Tian X Pascal OCi7 5930k @ 4.7Ghz16 GB Ram DDR4 @3200MhzWindows 10AA, Resolution, lighting poorly optimized. driving at high speeds can destroy your fps. There has been nothing since release from either Nvidia or Ubisoft on increasing the performance.Game itself so far is alright but nothing special.119.99 cdn not worth it"
76561198122558423,Recommended,447040,28600928,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Coco5737,10/10 needs more dead 2009 memes
,Recommended,447040,28595687,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Polarity,"So this game is really damn good. Massive improvement over Watch_Dogs, however obviously there is still room for improvement. The new hacking is so much better compared to the first, and the level of detail in the open world is outstanding.The game runs absolutely perfect for me I don't really understand the difference in performance between so many of these reviews. I'm even running Windows 10 and it works absolutely perfectly, so I don't really know what to say about that.My computer specs:- Intel i5-4690K 3.70GHz Processor- MSI Gaming Z97 Motherboard- NVIDIA GTX 970 Graphics Card- Corsair 16GB DDR3 RAM- Windows 10 Professional Edition- game is being run off of a normal HDD, while OS is on an SSD"
76561198059563365,Recommended,447040,28142422,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DragonFire,"When I first saw the trailers for this game I was realy excited for it; then i read the reviews of the first one and was a little sceptical. I still got the game because I thought i might as well try it and see how it was. I am really glad i did. This game meets everything the promised in the trailers in my opinion. You can hack everything to some degree, and can upgrade your god-like hacking abilities to make even more creative solutions to any problem you come across"
,Recommended,447040,28193436,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ageleq,This is a solid game with plenty of things to do and explore. I would urge anyone looking to try this not to associate it with the first Watch Dogs - you will enjoy it much more. It was a pleasant surprise for me since I had low expectations.
,Not Recommended,447040,29286191,Posted: 15 January,all,5thWall,"Seems like it could be a really fun game, I really like the modern cyber punk aesthetic. Unfortunately it runs horribly. Constant stuttering and frame rate drops, driving sections are literally unplayable. I have more than the min hardware specs, and the game's auto-detect for graphics settings sticks me on high quality graphics. The first driving mission was impossible on that setting, running at a frame every couple of seconds. Dropping the quality to medium made it so the game only had to take a few seconds loading every couple of blocks. It might even have been playable at the lowest quality settings, but I'm not going to drop another notch to find out."
76561198055054836,Recommended,447040,28086995,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,crazy banana man,YOU KNOW WHAT KIND OF COMPLAINTS I HAVE WITH THIS GAME!?!?!?!?!?!?!?nothing :)
,Recommended,447040,28234718,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Bob Ross,Best game ever! <3
,Not Recommended,447040,28954719,Posted: 2 January,all,SlechteRick™,Unplayable with these framedrops.
,Recommended,447040,28038144,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,C.Y.LAR,"My online gameplay experience:> Search for a coop partner> play for an online operation (Steal a vehicle)> wild pedestrian call the cops while we had some gun blazing during the operation> I steal the vehicle and then drive to the rendezvous point> my coop partner still in gun blazing> I lose the cops and completed the operation> meanwhile my coop partner is still being chased by cops> I tried to go and help him> the cops now also chasing after me> we go separate ways and then 2 wild bounty hunters join the game> Woah, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥> sniper on the police helicopter somehow put my car on fire> I get out of the car and 1 hunter with his sports car just reached my place> the moment he get out of the car, I shoot him in the head (the timing is just perfect)> time for me to run so I get on the hunter's sport car> i didnt aware of another hunter is just beside the car> He open the door on the right, get in and then pushed me out of the car and he is now in the driver seat> as I recover from the ground, I just shot his head (I think there is some delay for him to drive or exit the car)> I pulled his corpse out of the driver seat and drive to escape the police pursue> have no idea what my coop partner is doing> I drive to Oakland from San Francisco and escaped successfully> my coop partner just go and start another operation> we had funs for another 1 or 2 hoursThis game has the most fun experience I ever had in 2016 video game, I mean it seriously!Oh and did you just say there is a storyline for this game? Nah, boring hipster♥♥♥♥♥♥I didnt even want to give a damn!"
,Not Recommended,447040,29281962,Posted: 15 January,all,Echo122,"Surprisingly boring,Janky combat and magnetic cover system make for some massive frustrations with simple objectives.The new addition of a quad copter and rc car seemed cool at first, but the devs got a little obsessed forcing you to spend an absurd amount of time driving down ventilation ducts, and scouring the city looking for little duct openings."
,Recommended,447040,28609518,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,M3rcer,"Simple open world fun. Not extraordinary about it. Don't expect next level gameplay or wow factor.Although, they did make it more stealth viable."
,Recommended,447040,28565470,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Antecedent,"good game, i loved the story as well as the gameplay!"
,Recommended,447040,28093456,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,LootBadger,Can confirm - Works with GTX 1060 + i7 6700K no worries!Great game so far!
,Recommended,447040,28584587,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ICE | HubrisOne,"Hi ! If you have windows 10, you should probably just ♥♥♥♥ yourself depending on your graphics card. There are workarounds to get this game to run but once again, ♥♥♥♥ windows 10. Seriously, come on. BTW, game is good, really smooth and good looking."
76561198121152327,Recommended,447040,29966784,Posted: 16 February,all,johan,first off much better then watchdogs 1what is watchedogs 2 about being a hacktivist???jesus christ poeple come upp with new words quicklythis game is about saving the poeple from the company blume spying on themby gaining followers for doing stuff and also exploding stuff standing on cars dancing like you dont care also since this game is about hacking its also about finding a glitch in the system like the one wich made the cops send a car after i defeated the car they sent a helicopter and repeated.also remember to take pics off donut guy wich automaticly upploads them to the games social media (warning ur the only person who can watch ur own pics pleace proceed with caution) #who needs snapchat???? overall a 10/10! hpe u enjoy! :Doh snap dedsec hacked my review!!!!!! its a 8/10!!!!             i won this battle suck it marcus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i like the game real much now give me a snack butler!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198329553453,Not Recommended,447040,29385136,Posted: 20 January,all,sid140982,This game is so bad i cant even get over 60fps even with all the settings set to low. When you put v sync on to half so 30 fps it just jumps all over the place. It doesnt matter what you do it is just not playable and iv wasted so many hours trying to get the right settings but its not possible. Waste of money
76561198300530417,Recommended,447040,28072497,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SuperJ  CSGOArena.com,WOW! A PC game that is optimized well right away 10/10
76561198021310069,Recommended,447040,28145107,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TacoDragon,An optimized PC game in 2016!? Whaaaaat
,Recommended,447040,32098874,Posted: 31 May,all,Damianator,Watch dogs 2 is one of the first games I have played on my pc and it has gave me such a good impression on pc gaming and gamming overall. It is such a well developed game and has many customizable options for clothing and the type of weaponrey you prefer. I would recomned thgis game to any gamer and to all my friends.
,Not Recommended,447040,33544637,Posted: 14 July,all,Deputy Ripper,"Ok so i have had this game sincie it came out and i was so hyped to see watch dogs return but, this is ubisoft people and they over hype everything. Some pros of the game the story is very fun and at times challenging. After beating the story you can call gangs and police on people and see thier reaction, or my favorite ride around on a forklift to places. over all if you have the same interests of me then you you will get around 72 hours out of the game. The game looks pretty amazing. The map is really big. The rare cars have special features. Sneaking around and killing people fro mbehind is fun to do. The drone and rc car is really fun to mess around with.Cons: The story takes only around 20 hours to beat if you have some experience with games like watch dogs (so basicly if you have ever played any ubisoft game) if you do not have experience with games like this you may take around 30-35 hours to beat it. DLC I mean i know this is ubisoft but I mean 30 DLC and almost all of the mjust add cosmetics to the game I mean come on . If you are dumb enough to buy all the dlc it will cost around $40 more if you get the season pass if you dont get the season pass then you are even dumber then i thought. One of the only times you will play this game after you beat it is when you are extremly bored. Not a big selection of cars. Most of the cars look the same and have similar stats. Turning in cars needs some work. There are not to many things you can do in multiplayer mode like hacking invasions those can be a pain at times imagine this, you are riding around trying to go somewhere and have police after you then all of a sudden a hacking invasion you have the option to move on and forget about it but lose a ton of xp you can get or lets face it you want the xp so you stop and find the person and they usally sit in a car and escape. sewers randomly blow up sometimes and the nyou get police on you.To sum it all up watch dogs 2 is way over hyped and if you are looking for a long story with some fun stuff to do after you beat it then please dont buy this game. But if you just want a short story with being able to hack things then this game is for you."
,Recommended,447040,28433391,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tattrre,Grand Theft Auto VI:Nerds
,Recommended,447040,30706948,Posted: 24 March,all,Preverse_Wharf_45,Awesome game... Better than WD1
,Not Recommended,447040,29644421,Posted: 2 February,all,NinjaRising,"Horribly optimized. I have the RX 480 with driver version 17.1.2 and a 6700k. Even on the lowest settings, I get like 40-50 FPS whenever I'm in the open world. Ubisoft, what the hell are you doing? Why do you keep releasing such horribly optimized games? I keep on hoping that you guys will finally get your heads out of your asses after all these complaints about the optimization in a lot of your games. But nope. ♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,447040,28602865,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,James,"The game itself is ok, the multiplayer on the other hand....You can only have 2 people in same game at the same time, ruined it for me :C"
76561198050358298,Recommended,447040,28536501,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Swordfish,"I like both Watch Dogs games.  Really different.  Dont be in a hurry to finish the Main missions.  Go out and create some mayhem.  Get into the PVP and do Online missions.  I think Motorcycles are best.  I use the Heavy Sniper rifle and the Grenade launcher, Hope to see you in game.  haha, hahahahahahaha."
76561198317232192,Recommended,447040,30383577,Posted: 7 March,all,Furious Geek,One of the best game i've bought so far!
,Recommended,447040,28153633,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,3 times worth a damn,"So, yeah, not so much time in the game but up to this pointOH MY GOD THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD.It has its flaws, like, you cannot get hit by a car, yeah, it has no animation, it will only make damage, some animations are kinda meh, and Marcus is not a perfect protagonistBut I can tell, it fixed most of the things Watch_Dogs had wrong, like driving, gameplay, free roaming, the hackingSometimes it gets kinda hard, but it's not that big of a deal, the characters are so ♥♥♥♥ing good, the voice acting is a solid 8/10, and the history is really ♥♥♥♥ing good, sometimes it gets kinda slow, but it's almost unnoticeable.For me, this game is a solid 7.7-8/10(Wrench best waifu)"
,Recommended,447040,32137441,Posted: 2 June,all,Dyslexia,"I have been a fan of open world games like this, and hell, I've played WD1 the day it was released and I liked the idea of it, but not the execution. Sadly, Ubisoft did not deliver their best on this one, too. Still, it's a great game to play when you're bored or in-between those competitive plays from Dota 2/CSGO.PROS:• Massive city, diverse cultural population• Physics are slightly better than GTAV• Cool vehicles, but not as cool as GTA's• Great graphics• Intentionally easy navigationCONS• Voice acting is a little erm... forced.• Physics are still unrealistic• Insane amount of repetitive actions• Online community is toxic• BUGS. Lots of em.TL;DRGreat game, great concept, bad execution.OVERALL: RECOMMENDED TO TRY."
76561198314786873,Recommended,447040,28140583,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rasa_YangTerpendam,THIS IS AWESOMENo loading screen between singleplayer and multiplayerGood graphicgood gameplay
,Recommended,447040,28325864,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,☠ᒎᗢḰᗴᖇ☣,this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game better than gta v
,Recommended,447040,28337720,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,memp.0,"so far so good, temporal filtering stabilized my framerate"
,Recommended,447040,29514905,Posted: 26 January,all,Garudakingᶳ,"(Will update after I finish the game and also I have watched the main story on YouTube.) But, so far it's a Good Game & Not Well Made!Graphics : 9Physics : 7Gameplay : 9Storyline : 7Overall : 8"
,Recommended,447040,28768688,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mr_cryzler34,"Hello everyone, I'm going to reviewWatch_Dogs 2by my personal experience and opinions.It's a well balanced game made by Ubisoft.The Environment and the Surroundings are well made.AI's and NPC's react to all kind of activity done by either Players (You) or by other AI's / NPC's.The game is made so low/medium end PC's should be able to reach playable fps (frames-per-second)Meanwhile it has incredible visual settings to tweak around with for those with a high-end gaming rig.The game has an excellent storyline and alot of entertaining activity surrounding you,and don't forget there's Coop-mode to play with one of your friends.The game has a huge improvement from the previous Watch_Dogs titlewhich Aiden Pearce where the main character,this game has fixed most of these features that the previous title where missing out on.I would rate this game a solid 9.1/10I would love to see Coop-mode with more than max 2 players able to play in a single session,This game is alot of fun & great even while playing completely at your own."
,Recommended,447040,30139638,Posted: 24 February,all,Pim #Baby Mario,This is much better than first game marcus and the other characters are much more likeable Aiden Pierce from Watch Dogs 1 felt forced on character personality.10/10 ubisoft is getting better with pc support
,Not Recommended,447040,29240360,Posted: 13 January,all,Wackdance,"NOT OPTIMSED , Please Don't buy because of sale."
,Not Recommended,447040,29471622,Posted: 24 January,all,Gearlad,"Unlike others who have reviewed the game, I've had no performance problems with the game running three monitors on max settings. The graphics of the game are excellent. The open world of San Francisco is beautiful.Having said that, I find the game extremely repetitive in many ways. All missions are to similar to each other. The game has absolutely nothing to do with and demonstrates no legitimate hacking, hacking techniques, or legit work with computers in general, even though the plot is entirely centered around a group of 'hacktivists'. Missions are basically one of three things: 'click' on a computer to hack it from a distance instantly, hack by standing around a computer for a certain period of time, or arrange hidden circuitry until a network is hacked; none of the three involve almost any thinking or logic. Go to a base and do one of these three things, or alternatively pick up some random item.Melee involves pressing one button over and over to either punch someone or hit them with a rope melee weapon.NPC AI is overall pretty bland, and the game lacks any ability to interact with random people. NPC conversations whether in person, calling, or texting are very repetitive as well. Police chases are amusing at first but extremely repetitive with the exact same voice yelling at you each time. Almost all opponents carry the same weapon of the exact same shotgun and nothing else. The expansiveness of the cities is impressive, and building designs are complex and unique. Having said that, the cities have an unbelievable lack of people in them with downtown areas having at most 20-30 people on an entire block, among which has an astonishing amount of people standing around doing nothing.The main focus of the game seems like it accidentally is driving and commuting around the cities, but there is an extreme lack in variations of cars or motorcycles. Sports cars should be a prized possession that isn't found on literally every single corner of every single street.Side missions are boring and redundant, even though that is the main focus of online play.Few of the upgrades that can be given to your tech or your character introduce surprising new mechanics to the game. They often simply upgrade and exploit mechanics that the player is already heavily acquainted with: being able to jump into a car without breaking in or the ability to call other people to attack or capture someone are perfect examples. Why not offer new technology?Character development of Dedsec and its enemies is interesting in the main story, and perhaps the one thing that this game has GTA V beat on. The game can be amusing at times, but has many limitations."
,Recommended,447040,28444747,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,FANTAK,I would say this gamePros:- Ultra Graphics- Well Made Optimization- Atmospheric Soundtrack- Gadgets/Hacking- Colorful Open World- Fun MultiplayerCons:- Dull Story- Weak Villan- Loses steam in act 2 and 3Basically good game however Watch dogs 1 had a better story
,Recommended,447040,28312981,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,"Game is nice, i give it 8/10 overallBit too easy tho..."
,Not Recommended,447040,28604405,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,UsernamesMeh™,"Was fun up till the open world. The driving is so freaking lagtastic that I couldn't drive for more then 5-10 seconds without lag spikes. So unless you wanna deal with bugs. Wait till some type of bundle crap 6-8 months later. By then they usually have fixes, considering ubisoft I wouldn't keep my hopes up.I don't care if you agree or not, I'm trying to save others from having issues like myself. Don't give me the whole spec bull either. I read it and meet over minimum so its the same old crap with bugginess. Looks promising don't get me wrong but till its fixed to where I can enjoy more then 40 mins I will never recommend a game that is open world like this.Its like buying all gta titles, doing their first mission then it going. ""Whoops, hope you don't mind the bugginess in the actual world, we didn't have time to fix."""
76561198314776804,Not Recommended,447040,35139757,Posted: 22 September,all,D4shy222,"Better than Watch_Dogs, but still boring af after a while ripEdit:Since people actually read my reviews, I 'll add more details in my review lolYes, it is better than the first Watch Dogs in terms of atmosphere, gameplay opportunities, and definitely graphics.Story is technically better. I personally think there are more enjoyable characters in this game than the previous one (yes ♥♥♥♥ you Aiden Pearce you cool looking but boring af character), but I still didn't particularly care a lot about the protagonists, because of how ""cringey"" (don't know if this is the best way to describe) their dialogues is. The antagonists from both Watch Dogs games are interesting, but I personally preferred the gangs from the first one, because they feel more threatening. The overall story/plot is alright. I mean if you want to play this for a solid story, I don't think you should play this. For me, the story has its moments, but it just didn't deliver overall. It didn't make me feel like: ""Wow, that was ♥♥♥♥ing incredible"" or even ""This story is really enjoyable""Gameplay have more varieties in this one, but it's pretty much what you expected from a city open world game. There's driving, which is still oddly stiff. Since it has guns, there is a cover system and shooting, which is mostly smooth. Then, the biggest part of the gameplay that makes Watch Dogs Watch dogs is the hacking. The hacking in this one offers more opportunities, which is a nice touch. In terms of technical issues, the game runs smoothly for me at 50-60 FPS, but sometimes after returning to the game from a break, it will lag to 20 FPS for a many seconds. Idk if this is the game's issue or my computer's issue, so don't take it too seriously.Then, the open world...When I say it gets boring (not ""af"") after a while, it really could for a lot of players, because it feels like another of those typical open world games like Assassin's Creed games where the map shoves a ton of collectibles to collect and activities to do into your face. What I basically want to say is that, unless you are a completionist like me, you couldn't care less to forcefully do these mutiple repetitive side activities, which consists a lot of ""walking/driving around, find the collectibles, hacking puzzles that gets annoying the more you do it (unless you love puzzles)"". The side stuff makes the game feel grindy in a way I guess.So, yeah I don't recommend this game to anyone. OBVIOUSLY, this doesn't mean the game is utter garbage. If you want a score, then I'll give this game a 7-7.5/10.Another pro I guess is that I appreciate the fact Ubisoft shows improvement in their product. Of course, I still doubt in Ubisoft for their products, but I need to give the team some props for this game."
,Not Recommended,447040,30326866,Posted: 4 March,all,The_Silent_Wrath,"Watch_Dogs 2. I was very excited to obtain a copy of this game but it unfortunately did not deliver to my expectations. From the gameplay I had seen of this game I was expecting more. The game just, well somethings missing and I don't know what it is. The game has good graphics and some ok moments but at the moment I can't say I can recommend it. (I know it says I only have a few hours but the count reset, I was 39 hours into the game).PROS:Some fun momentsOk graphicsCONS:Horrible driving mechanicsHacking controls for PC are fiddly and horribleMultiplayer aspects are terrible, (Most partners don't do anything)Storyline doesn't go anywhere or make senseDiologue is long and pointless and can't be followed without concentrationNo real point to any of the missionsFighting is horribleThe stun gun is the best weaponDogs die in explosionsEnemies can see you even when you are behind coverEnemies have much more healthEnemies hate drones and RC units (shoot yours even when they haven't been detected somehow)Gameplay is unrealisticNo planes or helicopters accessible to the player!Not a good variety of cars or vehicles to useI am quite sorry to have to admit all this but I really expected more from a game that was this hyped up. My advice to those of you who want to buy afun, open world game with all the features is to get GTA V. It has all the things that are missing and are wrong with this game. Sorry Ubisoft I just can't recommend."
76561198069307404,Not Recommended,447040,30732856,Posted: 25 March,all,DingleFluff,"The fact that you're reading this review means you're considering buying this game. I was like you. In an unimaginably dark place. Faced with this or the crappy new Deus Ex game to satiate my sandbox itch. It doesn't have to be like this. Turn away. Run. Before It's too late.Watch_Dogs 2 is Watch_Dogs 1. They've added a few gimmicks to it, but basically: same car, new coat of paint. If you never played Watch_Dogs 1, let me say it wasn't a bad game, it just wasn't good. The combat was unsatisfying, the driving was awkward and the online was crammed down your throat.All of this is present in the sequel. Animations just seem off, like physics aren't really a thing in this world. You bump into someone and they'll play an animation of moving to the side, often the side you pushed them away from. Not to mention people'll scream as you casually jog past them for no reason, but I guess that makes sense now that the lead protagonist is black.""Parkour"" is also present. But let's get this straight. The parkour in Watch_Dogs 2 is not freerunning like in Mirrors Edge or Assassins Creed. It's about as parkour-y as Hitman or GTA. You press space to jump off or on certain ledges. That's it. Now you may be thinking ""Hey that sounds pretty linear, how can you call that parkour?""Next is the hacking. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy blowing up a sewer pipe right as a bus full of orphaned children drive by just as much as the next guy, but it mostly feels like little novelties that are fun for a bit but wear off. And once they wear off you realise theres no substance underneath. Also on the subject of hacking, I have to mention that god awful minigame. In the first game, everytime you wanted to break into something you'd have to complete this minigame everyone hated. So in the sequel, they've made it so you have to do the same god awful minigame, this time spread around the 3-d plain around you. This means you spend even more time doing an annoying, brain dead minigame you hate.What else, what else, oh! The story! BAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHH. That about sums that section up. Clique vigilante crime fighting squad to the rescue!!It was around the point I was doing my third minigame when I realised I'd spent almost thirty pounds on this ****. I ignored this fact for a while and hopped in a nearby car to get to my next objective, at which point the game felt it best to remind me that driving anywhere over 10mph will cause the framerate to throw a fit. The amount of times in just the 3 hours I played that I crashed because the screen had frozen on me.In conclusion, running around hacking stuff while you pretend you're in a really crappy, virus ridden Matrix movie (so the second and third matrix movies), can be fun for a couple hours, but that's all I gave it before I got my money back. As far as I can tell, the only difference between this and the firs game is a couple new gadgets to play with. The core game is still as annoying as ever, and won't stop shoving hip 'look how cool and connected we are to the young generation' references in my face."
76561198251577356,Recommended,447040,28828618,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,xx-Bond007,"Too Bad Port for this title !! we xpect more for watch dogs 2 !!!! too much lagging not giving constant FPS on any settings !!!! while driving , FPS drops too....  very Bad Optimization...."
,Recommended,447040,28616804,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Wutsup Yo,"Another GTA5 with so many hi-tech,so good 4 having fun"
76561198114289556,Recommended,447040,29546266,Posted: 28 January,all,หอกดอเป็ด,STORY I GIVE 7/10 BUT GRAPHIC I GIVE 10/10 xD
,Recommended,447040,28895604,Posted: 1 January,all,rickprick009,Ubisoft did us proud
76561198157491265,Not Recommended,447040,28649656,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AndreasMS,Just like Watch dogs 1 (almost)driving in this game i horribleyou need a really good pc to be able to play with good graphicsnothing more to say than to not to buy
76561198035020037,Recommended,447040,28279217,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rigel,top tag is illuminati
,Not Recommended,447040,29106689,Posted: 7 January,all,polio_princess,terrible pc optimization. don't bother.
76561198111243094,Recommended,447040,28157308,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,xPuncake615,Finally a game that is optimised in 2016..
,Recommended,447040,28165668,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ｋａｎｙｅ,Top notch. Watch_Dogs 1 was a huge disappointment but I think this game is hugely immersive and interactive. The ability to roam around and do missions any time you want is kinda liberating and its pretty cool how you can start a mission just by hacking the wrong guy. 9/10 m8.
,Not Recommended,447040,28720166,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MrCurtis,This game sucks don't buy it its unoptimized and downgraded from the E3 gameplay. Its kinda cool but its not worth it its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I would rather spend my money on rat boy cases and waste my money on purpose.
76561197974852215,Recommended,447040,28582796,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,princess,havent made up my mind yet; didnt enjoy opening hack or assignment; but ill give it another chance; loved the first one; had purpose save sister kid  ect; more game play req
,Recommended,447040,29349925,Posted: 18 January,all,6hrslater,"This is my opinion on the game after replaying it twice.Obviously it is a much bigger improvement from the first game. But I think that the game controls would be too complicated for people who were used to the first game. Hacking is no longer as simple as just pressing a button and something explodes. You now have to hold a button that gives you more options to: lure, activate a proximity field or just to activate manually. Before it was just activate this and kaboom. Most hacks that uses battery from first game now doesnt use battery at all, you only use battery (bot net) when you are hacking individuals or vehicles. Story wise, is really engaging and fun but they changed the super serious Dedsec from the first game to more of a no play no life type of group.Overall: 8/10PS: UBISOFT DID NOT DOWNGRADE THE GAME FROM E3. It was a DEMO not the full game so Ubisoft was able to make the game look great but the full game wouldnt be able to have it all. Also the E3 demo was ran on a PS4 NOT on a PC GPU."
76561198105232172,Not Recommended,447040,28649784,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Θ,"Fps was fine until i reached the open world. 40 fps on the city, with low settings. I'll come back to it when they launch a patch."
,Recommended,447040,28982865,Posted: 3 January,all,Dumbocow,"This makes up for the first game. The first game was complete rubish. Yet still ubisofy downgraded the graphics, but they did add an ultra texture pack witch fuxes that instantly. The real problem hear is ubisoft didnt optimize this game well. Thats why they downgraded it. I have 2 1080's in sli and I can barely run the game on full setting without the texturepack. Still great storyline and I do recomend it"
,Recommended,447040,28679226,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sharkdood,"A great game, interesting story, fun mechanics and all in all just fun.Highly recommended"
76561197991626751,Recommended,447040,28148108,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kaula | Kn0pex | Max,Alright so i played the game for 24 hours now and i do have to say i love it. The graphic is amazing and the gameplay works out just perfectly. I barely encounterd any bugs or problems in the game. Yes it is true the performance is still not what it is supposed to be but its still good.Overall i do recommend this game but i would wait for a lower price. $90 for 24h to finish the game with all missions is too much in my opinion.
,Recommended,447040,28265416,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Arthur,"If you enjoyed WD1, you're going to enjoy this one. The game is really fun, it never feels old, every single mission is different (something like the witcher 3 did). There are multiple ways to complete a mission (enter guns blazing, send drones or stealth).The shooting isn't as strong as it was on WD1, the game actually encourages you to be stealthy but it doesn't forgive, even if you're seen for 0.1s, everyone starts looking for you and shooting. (that should be fixed). Although, you get some really nice toys like the drones to do all the job for you (my favorite way to play the game xD)The city is really cool, it feels alive, there are multiple NPCs doing different activities and just ""living their life"" (NPCs kill other NPCs, bully, dance, take selfies, photobomb your selfies, etc.The AI isn't good enough sadly... for example, if there is a small accident or just a car in their way that doesn't move, the whole traffic gets stuck or try to avoid the car just to fail and crash into another car... creating a deadlock. another example is that you can stay out of the ""red area"" and send a drone into this restricted zone, if the drone is spotted they'll search for you, but even if they actually find you and you're outside of the red area they won't shoot you... they just walk around you shouting stuff like ""SHOW YOURSELF"" or ""I LOST HIM"".The driving is okay, it's arcade and gets the job done... and the physics, meh... they could have worked more on that.Multiplayer... I haven't played much CO-OP but hacking other people and being bounty hunter is really fun, the huge improvement is that there are no loading screens (unless the other player is really far away), you get notifications when another player is nearby or they just pop up into your game, it is really organic.The game runs well on my gtx 970 (ultra+high settings) but there is an annoying stuttering while driving (it seems like more people are having this issue as well), no issues while on foot though.In any case, this game is a huuuuge improvement from the first game for people that didn't like it (personally, I enjoyed it), I'm really happy, people are enjoying it and giving good reviews, I had high hopes on this game and it delivered."
76561198211617896,Recommended,447040,28117159,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,PAC BANDIT,love this game
,Not Recommended,447040,28974188,Posted: 3 January,all,presidentba,"The game itself is actually really fun and the missions are refreshing compared to the first 1. However, I couldn't play it on PC since Ubisoft is just being dumb again with their optimization and PC port nonsense. The game froze consistently, I have a r9 380 4g and a i7 6700k so I couldn't get why the game wouldnt play. Either way, I got my refund. Its a shame cause this game had some great potential on PC.I've seen reviews on YT where people with 1070/1080s can't even run the game at 60fps so this just shows you the game has some issues.I do not recommend buying this game. I suggest maybe waiting for the PC port and optimization to kick in."
,Recommended,447040,28424031,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,im a pedophile,"Content is pretty darn good, only with some exceptions1) Region locking gives me a hard time playing this game in asia, since everything is in Chinese2) Bit short on content, managed to finish 98% of the game in about a weekOther then that, graphics, storyline, gameplay etc is great. Guess partnering with Nvidia was a good idea."
76561198071630607,Not Recommended,447040,29074200,Posted: 6 January,all,mikie_aashan,I usually never post any reviews for steam games cause I did  not have much problems with the games I bought from here. This game though still has a lot of performance issues. Just like the 1st game. I'm using a gtx 1070 with a i5 4440 with 8 GB DDR3 RAM. I understand my processor may not be the best one but this seems to be the only AAA game that I've played so far with a lot of fps dips whether it be on ultra or lower settings. It requires some serious patching up. I don't understand why this game's got very positive reviews here. Please guys do not do this again. Ubisoft got to know that this game requires patches.
76561198352591646,Recommended,447040,30972183,Posted: 5 April,all,Ozamba Binladen,Great Game Barely Any Bugs That i Know of :p but anyways the story is great there are tons of emotional moments in this game and charecters that you feel are real pepole not some synthetic dickwad back to the point the game is really good and you dont even need to ply the first one to understand it there are small refrences here and there and some charecters return but you will barely even notice if you just go into the game blind also there are many side activites to particpate in San Fran giving you multiple things to do even after story completion so in other words FANTASTIC work Ubisoft Keep it
76561198303162464,Recommended,447040,30326019,Posted: 4 March,all,dr2d2,good game big open world to do what you want.
,Not Recommended,447040,29939474,Posted: 15 February,all,GukGuk,"the game itself is fine, but I am not gonna talk about it. I experienced a noticable performance decrease after the recent 7gb update. ram consumption has increased, FPS drops frequently even when inside building. what worse is that my fps dropped to 7 during cutscene. I do not recommend this game and I will update my review after the performance issue fixed."
76561198154241849,Recommended,447040,28731739,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hanZ,"This game is absolutely hilarious and magical. My favourite game of all time. Coincidentally, the second game in my favourite franchise of all time.Watch_Dogs 3 pls10/10"
76561198267883075,Recommended,447040,32004094,Posted: 27 May,all,AzozArabGamerYT,good game overall but the game isnt good for windows 7
,Recommended,447040,31701069,Posted: 12 May,all,BenMartin {5741NL355},Alright so let's say I didnt really enjoy the storyline as much as i did in Watchdogs 1.Car physics are better than Watchdogs 1 but still so♥♥♥♥♥♥ also car damages and explosions looked more realistic in WD1.However i really like the map and the online features. you can do whatever you want.I did expect minigames like the WD1 poker and other stuff but... its just fine without them.
,Recommended,447040,28035562,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Teun2408,"This game is what watch dogs 1 was supposed to be, it looks great and it does actually run verry well."
,Recommended,447040,28299763,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Vimvoord,"I've played the first Watch_Dogs and it was quite mediocre. It was pretty much dull and with no real *buzz* into its story. Mechanically the game was pretty easy and the real challenge was mostly cop chases at the highest wanted level. Now Watch_Dogs 2 on the other hand..WHAT. THE. ♥♥♥♥. HAPPENED?I've been playing it non-stop. The story, characters, open-world, hacking and the driving. When they said they've improved it I didn't expect it to be TEN times the more fun it was in Watch_Dogs 1.It's like they actually took some notes and improved them a LOT.The hacking was given more choices, visual fidelity, few upgrades and tweaks. Driving was improved and cars aren't made of rubber anymore + new models and more options. The open world looks and feels alive with amazing draw distance and graphics.The story was *in my opinion* one of the BEST ones I've ever gotten to take in. It kept me excited and never really seemed dull to me.Leveling up your character actually means something and every single ability you take matters a LOT. Especially the Data Key perks, those are your BEST FRIENDS at the Realistic difficulty.(< that's twice as Hard)More clothing options, weapons, the return of Ray mother♥♥♥♥ing Kenney and much much more but I'm afraid it'll spoil you if I continue. It has definitely learned from its prequel and I hope IF ever Watch_Dogs 3 happens it would be as fun as Watch_Dogs 2.GOOD JOB UBISOFT!"
,Recommended,447040,31962378,Posted: 25 May,all,Nathan,"This game is one of the few games which things don't just evolve around you, Unlike other games, Example GTA, Most to all things evole around you, I also like how you can make socical interactions, ECT, Giving poeple to ""Birdy"" or Dancing Along to music."
,Recommended,447040,30041831,Posted: 19 February,all,Я ЕБАЛ ТВОЙ РОТ,ИГРА ВАБЩЕ УЛЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕЕТ░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█████████▄▄█░░░░░███████████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░█░░░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▀▀█▀▀░█▀▄░█▀░░█▀▀░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░█░░░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████▀░░░░▀▀██████████▀
,Recommended,447040,29251694,Posted: 14 January,all,RxL,"Good game, after story is finished and side missions, there isn't much to do. Good game though."
76561198121228068,Recommended,447040,32302466,Posted: 9 June,all,Ubisoft™,"Very decent game, here are the reasons:1. Good graphic, but♥♥♥♥♥♥physics. People lose gravity when they get punched.2. Good music. get lit by the music, wait...what was the mission again?3. You can actually turn the security bot into a sexbot, which is awesome.4. Your jumper drone swears a lot───█───▄▀█▀▀█▀▄▄───▐█──────▄▀█▀▀█▀▄──█───▀─▐▌──▐▌─▀▀──▐█─────▀─▐▌──▐▌█─▐▌──────▀▄▄▀──────▐█▄▄──────▀▄▄▀─▐▌─█────────────────────▀█───────────█▐█─────────────────────█▌──────────█─█───────────────█▄───▄█───────────█─▐▌───────────────▀███▀───────────▐▌──█──────────▀▄───────────▄▀──────█───█───────────▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀───────█Having great fun, get it when on sale! It is ubisoft, they definitely worth the sale!"
76561198139524885,Recommended,447040,29737560,Posted: 6 February,all,Tao NotYourDope 😊n9 <3..,Chưa kịp chơi RAM đã nát địt mẹ game như cặc
,Recommended,447040,28397528,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,EchoFederation,"I honestly think that this is one of Ubisoft's best releases. There are certain things that bug me about it, but they are somewhat miniscule. For instance, certain SFX are distorted or don't loop properly, and there is an annoying stutter that makes gameplay choppy sometimes. Other than that, the story is great, the characters are lovable (voice acting is awesome too), the gameplay is fun and satisfying, and the scenery is wonderful. The only gameplay aspect that many people seem to not like is the driving. It is VERY arcadey. Depends on what kind of driving you like in games. The game as a whole is MILES ahead of Watch_Dogs 1 and Aiden Pierce's annoying mopefest that was riddled with performance issues.Overall I'd give the game an 8.5/10 but I'd rate higher once they patch the choppy issues."
76561198109926137,Recommended,447040,28251603,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Neon Sky,This is the only game I wanted this year its really good but the performance is really bad I have to be on low at 1080p to get 50-75FPS on my GTX980m with Core I7 5700HQ
,Recommended,447040,28519297,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,YumaKirosaki,"Clocking in at 49 hours of playtime so far, with more on the way in the future.Pros:+ As a sequel, greatly improves upon the hype-fueled mess that was Watch Dogs 1. Performance is, by most accounts, greatly improved. Gameplay feels more consistent and inventive rather than just feeling like any other third person shooter.+ The addition of gadgets (air drone and the rolling drone) greatly changes up the gameplay of stealth segments.+ Playtime is very large, with a ton of side operations and main operations to keep you preoccupied. The multiplayer content and side distractions are also entertaining, and the use of Ubisoft Challenges gives you something to come back to (if they host events, anyway).+ Seamless multiplayer is not just a marketting lie -- it owns one of the best blends of singleplayer and multiplayer I've ever played, rivaling Dark Souls. No loading screens (excluding hacks that are very very far away); if you see a challenge on the map, accepting it instantly puts you in that person's game. Invasions are more interesting with the inclusion of the gadgets as well, so camping in spots is greatly discouraged. Co-Op is also very interesting, allowing you to mess around with friends in an open world or undertake challenging missions together.+ Takes on a new tone that is enjoyable, entertaining, and cheeky (albiet inconsistent, as I'll say below). Greatly differs from the first game's gruff vigilante superhero Aidan Pierce. Story is interesting enough to keep you invested. The game's side characters are actually all very detailed and distinct, so much so that you forget the boring wet paper side characters of the first game.+ The world of San Franciso is expertly crafted, with many landmarks standing tall. Beautiful landscapes to look at, and the trademark fog is even recreated. The hackerspaces are also fantastically designed. The environmental designers should pat themselves on the back, the world feels so lived in.+ Facial animation and visuals in general have been greatly improved, albeit still not as good at WD1's E3 footage.+ Customization has improved significantly. There are very many distinctive looks to put Marcus in.+ Vehicle handling has been a huge improvement from WD1 for the most part.Cons:- Ubisoft-branded optimization failures. Game has been significantly broken for people in absurd ways. Bugs such as reduced framerate per patch, or having to reinstall the game due to an absurd bug.- THE SNIPER RIFLE THAT DESTROYS VEHICLES IS BACK FOR SOME REASON. WHY IS IT STILL AROUND??- Bounty mode is not very enjoyable for people attempting to escape. Partly because of the last point I mentioned.- Main villain is very underwhelming and unimpressive. You're always given the impression that Ubisoft wants you to believe he is dangerous or calculating but do not see enough of him to really warrant any such impression. He just comes across as arrogant and bland.- Very, very inconsistent tone and poor story framing. The story is not sure if it wants you to enjoy the lighter, playful side it offers or the gritty dark realism of the last game. There is a side operation where a character dies, for instance, and the side characters reaction to the death is questionably calm and dull. The timing of the death is questionable as well, sitting right in a spot where you really don't feel much about it.Overall:While I'd recommend people be cautious about purchasing the game due to the Ubisoft-branded optimization and quality control, I really, REALLY enjoyed this game. It is a significant improvement from the first one, even if it missed some steps on the story. The multiplayer is a blast and the game itself is enjoyable. Easy recommend."
76561198108209600,Recommended,447040,28355405,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Juiz,good
,Recommended,447040,29016258,Posted: 4 January,all,Razza Gamdom.com,Best game I have ever played. Has amazing small details. Fun driving experience! Cool guns! Great Hacking! Great Story! Great Characters! My favourite game ever and ive only just started!
,Recommended,447040,29109267,Posted: 7 January,all,Mentosman321,"According to all known lawsof aviation,there is no way a beeshould be able to fly.Its wings are too small to getits fat little body off the ground.The bee, of course, flies anywaybecause bees don't carewhat humans think is impossible.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Ooh, black and yellow!Let's shake it up a little.Barry! Breakfast is ready!Ooming!Hang on a second.Hello?- Barry?- Adam?- Oan you believe this is happening?- I can't. I'll pick you up.Looking sharp.Use the stairs. Your fatherpaid good money for those.Sorry. I'm excited.Here's the graduate.We're very proud of you, son.A perfect report card, all B's.Very proud.Ma! I got a thing going here.- You got lint on your fuzz.- Ow! That's me!- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.- Bye!Barry, I told you,stop flying in the house!- Hey, Adam.- Hey, Barry.- Is that fuzz gel?- A little. Special day, graduation.Never thought I'd make it.Three days grade school,three days high school.Those were awkward.Three days college. I'm glad I tooka day and hitchhiked around the hive.You did come back different.- Hi, Barry.- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.- Hear about Frankie?- Yeah.- You going to the funeral?- No, I'm not going.Everybody knows,sting someone, you die.Don't waste it on a squirrel.Such a hothead.I guess he could havejust gotten out of the way.I love this incorporatingan amusement park into our day.That's why we don't need vacations.Boy, quite a bit of pomp...under the circumstances.- Well, Adam, today we are men.- We are!- Bee-men.- Amen!Hallelujah!Students, faculty, distinguished bees,please welcome Dean Buzzwell.Welcome, New Hive Oitygraduating class of......9:15.That concludes our ceremonies.And begins your careerat Honex Industries!Will we pick ourjob today?I heard it's just orientation.Heads up! Here we go.Keep your hands and antennasinside the tram at all times.- Wonder what it'll be like?- A little scary.Welcome to Honex,a division of Honescoand a part of the Hexagon Group.This is it!Wow.Wow.We know that you, as a bee,have worked your whole lifeto get to the point where youcan work for your whole life.Honey begins when our valiant PollenJocks bring the nectar to the hive.Our top-secret formulais automatically color-corrected,scent-adjusted and bubble-contouredinto this soothing sweet syrupwith its distinctivegolden glow you know as...Honey!- That girl was hot.- She's my cousin!- She is?- Yes, we're all cousins.- Right. You're right.- At Honex, we constantly striveto improve every aspectof bee existence.These bees are stress-testinga new helmet technology.- What do you think he makes?- Not enough.Here we have our latest advancement,the Krelman.- What does that do?- Oatches that little strand of honeythat hangs after you pour it.Saves us millions.Oan anyone work on the Krelman?Of course. Most bee jobs aresmall ones. But bees knowthat every small job,if it's done well, means a lot.But choose carefullybecause you'll stay in the jobyou pick for the rest of your life.The same job the rest of your life?I didn't know that.What's the difference?You'll be happy to know that bees,as a species, haven't had one day offin 27 million years.So you'll just work us to death?We'll sure try.Wow! That blew my mind!""What's the difference?""How can you say that?One job forever?That's an insane choice to have to make.I'm relieved. Now we only haveto make one decision in life.But, Adam, how could theynever have told us that?Why would you question anything?We're bees.We're the most perfectlyfunctioning society on Earth.You ever think maybe thingswork a little too well here?Like what? Give me one example.I don't know. But you knowwhat I'm talking about.Please clear the gate.Royal Nectar Force on approach.Wait a second. Oheck it out.- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!- Wow.I've never seen them this close.They know what it's likeoutside the hive.Yeah, but some don't come back.- Hey, Jocks!- Hi, Jocks!You guys did great!You're monsters!You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!- I wonder where they were.- I don't know.Their day's not planned.Outside the hive, flying who knowswhere, doing who knows what.You can'tjust decide to be a PollenJock. You have to be bred for that.Right.Look. That's more pollenthan you and I will see in a lifetime.It's just a status symbol.Bees make too much of it.Perhaps. Unless you're wearing itand the ladies see you wearing it.Those ladies?Aren't they our cousins too?Distant. Distant.Look at these two.- Oouple of Hive Harrys.- Let's have fun with them.It must be dangerousbeing a Pollen Jock."
,Recommended,447040,28652198,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Matamanthemaster,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing
,Recommended,447040,29159303,Posted: 10 January,all,[R3K]ShREkL0Ve,"DID UBISOFT DID THIS??? OMFG I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME ;-; ... CRIED WITH TEARS, LOVE THE SICK GRAPHICS, RATED FOR PURE HACKERS OVER THE WORLD :D OUT OF THIS WORLD GAME M8 ;)"
76561198086683736,Recommended,447040,28362936,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gio_1897,Great Game. Watch Dogs 2 looks beautiful. Has lot of content. You can explore the world for hours and still have fun. Missions are interesting and have lots of options. This game has it all. Well done Ubisoft.
,Recommended,447040,28399507,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gladiator IN,"Well game is awesom no doubt gameplay is awesom, but i get fps drops while driving still i have 1866mhz ram 12gbgameplay is awesom,, driving is awesom,, shooting is brillient,, texture filtering too bad even on high settings it seems im running on low setting, only ultra seems good,too much low players traffic, u can never find a bounty, u can never found a player for co-op mission never ever, there is no on playing it, maybe besided me, every time i search for co-op partner i never seems to have a partner, i tried almost 1000 times to search a bounty never found anyone,well still i like it cause of its single player missions, but multiplayer is broken,developers are sleeping."
76561198071681292,Recommended,447040,31499562,Posted: 1 May,all,lilspooky,LIfelong gamer - this is the first game that I've actually completed in probably 15 years.
,Recommended,447040,31806096,Posted: 17 May,all,«|Ghos† Legend|»,Its goodR.I.P Horatio :(
,Recommended,447040,31812693,Posted: 17 May,all,Guy Ferrari,(HOW TO HAXOR)Middle click then buttons.
,Recommended,447040,31130568,Posted: 14 April,all,RockingRohan,One of the best games I've played in 2016. Good job ubisoft
,Recommended,447040,28902308,Posted: 1 January,all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,Pros: SingleplayerCons: Multiplayer
76561198150275031,Recommended,447040,28355460,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,FrenzyFighter,"So far, my favorite game in 2016!! I especially love that you can meet other players RANDOMLY!?!?!? Like actual people playing the game. you don't even have to click on the multiplayer app on your phone. The characters are also awesome! My favorite character so far is Wrench. Theres just so much to do though, its amazing."
,Recommended,447040,28400243,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,CrackerMan,Actually really really good.
76561198085403959,Recommended,447040,28996556,Posted: 3 January,all,Ghost,.
76561198305856150,Not Recommended,447040,29365529,Posted: 19 January,all,willwestsuffolk,I would love this game if it didn't crash so much! Terrible pc optimisation.
,Recommended,447040,30205970,Posted: 26 February,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,GTX 970 - $200i7 4790k - $300Barely being able to run this game on medium - Priceless
,Not Recommended,447040,29283154,Posted: 15 January,all,Firefly1009,"First 1-2 hours of gameplay: fun, cool open-world hacking and eye-rolling but still kinda charming ""hey fellow young kids"" characters and dialogue.Beyond that: buggy mess of a game that doesn't feel like it wants to be played."
,Recommended,447040,31921059,Posted: 23 May,all,Cole,"Watch Dogs 2 is the crack cocaine of video games, and I love it. The characters are enjoyable, the parkour and cover is smooth, stealth is ok, not a reason to buy the game by itself though.9/10"
76561198149669247,Recommended,447040,28410325,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Raccoon Recker,Ok game got really boring after the amazing campaign I messed around a lot so I got about 50 hours then it got boring to me if u play this play at max difficulty I would wait for a price drop and more dlc
,Recommended,447040,28040933,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zsider,Real good son
76561198068865782,Recommended,447040,29283772,Posted: 15 January,all,kafstar1,gtx1080 low settings across the board no AA...the only way to get close to a PC playable 90fps.Watchdogs 1 after several patches was a brilliant game...lets hope they optimise this....soon
76561198278700928,Not Recommended,447040,29964604,Posted: 16 February,all,Doruquey,If i can't even play this game at stable fps how am i supposed play it. The game dips to 20s when looking around or doing anyting at even at the lowest settings and resolution possible my rig: 970 i5 4460 8gb ram. It runs perfectly on gta 5 or any other game but on Watch Dogs 2 it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ (No it has nothing to do with my pc or windows or drivers i just reinstalled everything nothing changes)(If anyone interested which probably there isnt i will update my review when ubisoft fixed their♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,447040,30485388,Posted: 12 March,all,Grump,"I actually dislike this game compared to the first one. This review is just a rant. read if you want.In the first game, you went around busting human trafficking rings, stopping evil people from doing evil♥♥♥♥♥♥ all while progressing your personal storyline of taking out your niece's killer. The story was fluent. Consistent with morals. Online was good. Gunplay was good. The digi-trips were good, NVZN was fun to play for a while. DLC was great.In THIS game, you go around pranking corporate agencies. The gangs around san francisco have little to no relevance to the storyline. your squad of pranksters have all these wacky, zany, characters and a singular token black guy (who is not you) who does nothing, doesn't appear in anything,and then dies immediately. The main character should NOT be allowed to own guns. Basically everyone that you would kill in this game is just a security guard doing their job.The big bad guy in this game, the BIGGEST BADDIE, THE MOST EVIL GUY YOU COULD EVER THINK OF. You infiltrate his facility, knock out/kill all his guards then walk up to him only for the police to walk in behind you and arrest him. And then nothing. The story ends. Further playing results in a ""Some-time before we took out the bad guy"" backwards time jump.Gunplay is terrible in this game. Enemies aren't human, they are some sort of android that won't die to headshots. taser is insanely OP.What I WILL give to this game though, is that they really improved the hacking system, and they did a good job in creating a vibrant, living, breathing world. Online has a good concept, but the terribly implemented gunplay ruins it.Watchdogs, you went around being batman, saving people from crime, while also dealing with your personal demons.Watchdogs 2, you go around being some hacking prankster."
,Not Recommended,447040,30231201,Posted: 27 February,all,DMD,"As of the current state of the game I would not recommend to get it. I have a fairly high-end computer that should have no problems running Watch Dogs 2 but I've been experiencing a lot of issues with this game. I've experienced freezes where I was forced to unplug the power of my computer, frequent blue screens which I've never gotten outside of Watch Dogs 2 and massive lag spikes going from 170 fps to 20 fps for no conspicuous reason.I've not yet to experience the actual game so I can't tell too much about the content of the game. I would not recommend this game as of yet the game is not very stable."
,Not Recommended,447040,29285456,Posted: 15 January,all,Supertard,"Where to start...This game is the liberal SJW Black Lives Matter wetdream simulator. You play as a cyber terrorist who is part of an anti-capitalist, anti-police, anarchist group who is bent on taking revenge against a government contractor for stealing data or something.A lot of San Francisco (and the Bay) in the game look pretty accurate to real life, but then it's really only like 1/10th the size of what it should be.The game is riddled with SJW revenge porn. One of the first missions is to take revenge on a character so obviously modeled after Martin Shkreli for buying exclusive ownership of the Wu Tang album. In the game you steal money from him and destroy his computers with viruses. Because capitalism is evil. Or something. The irony of this message being hammered at you in a game that relies on capitalism to exist seems to be lost on the developers of the game.Another hilarious detail is how the only female in your group is also the only one who isn't technologically inclined. Everyone else is a hacker, engineer, software developer, etc. And she paints things. I was surprised at that. This game is pushing an SJW-happy alternate reality and they couldn't even make the only female a hacker too? Even in their fantasies there's still a wage gap hahahaha.Anyway, the game becomes extremely repetitive, just like the first one, a couple hours in. Once you've unlocked all the basic features of the game, it's all just repeating the same mission in different ways.Pros:+ Game looks pretty good, graphically speaking+ They took at least a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at showing realistic hacking (but didn't succeed).Cons:- Terrible controls. The combat and aiming is sluggish. I tried mouse + keyboard as well as controller. I played with DPI on my mouse and sensitivity in game. It's just bad aiming.- You will die a lot, even on the basic difficulty rating. All you start out with is a taser that fires 1 shot per 3-4 seconds. The enemies have machine guns. And you can't pick up the weapons at first for some reason.- Blatant anti-police, anti-authority, anti-white SJW message being hammered at you the entire time. I didn't play long enough to see but I honestly wouldn't be surprised if the final boss were Donald TrumpIf you don't take the message seriously (not that most people would), you have a semi-decent hacking/stealth game. Like some of the gameplay would fit a Splinter Cell game well. Otherwise you have a heaping pile of Black Live's Matters♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,447040,28337599,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,cynx,very well optimized 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28380998,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nyo | Gamdom.com,Watch Dogs 2 Is a pretty good game. Most of the missions are fun. 9/10 Would Play for years
76561198034280743,Recommended,447040,28390574,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,nithin.abe007,"I had liked Watch Dogs, but found many negative reviews for it understandably. Watch Dogs 2 is much more fun. At the start it is a bit difficult to get the controls and the sense behind the game, but once you get into it, you learn new tricks and hacks. Many new features compared to Watch Dogs and I just love this game. Multiplayer could have been a bit better though."
,Recommended,447040,29115771,Posted: 8 January,all,LeungChai,it is a good game
76561197977401137,Recommended,447040,31552186,Posted: 4 May,all,🔹Hemi03🔹,Excellent visuals.  Fun Co-Op experience.   Replay value.
,Recommended,447040,28465358,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ir0n,"This game is amazing, huge props to ubisoft for this complete success.Hacking, Killing, Stealth, Modern Day Tech.All jammed into one game, and done very well; amazing!Only thing I could wish for is slightly better framerates on 1440p;Runs like a dream on 1080p though.Spent 30 hours so far, will spend alot more to come!Shame not as many people are playing this one over the first.[TFW Watch Dogs Elite skills are Watch Dogs 2 Basic Skills]10/10!"
,Recommended,447040,28462723,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Candybar121,Driving: 6/10Story: 8/10Music: 10/10Characters: 10/10AI: 9/10Usefulness of Hacking: 8/10Graphics: 10/10Overall: 8.7/10
76561198079504035,Recommended,447040,33665083,Posted: 19 July,all,buddhasferret,"Its not Watch_Dogs 1. I think that speaks for itself. Its a wonderfully colorful, gameplay-centric, hack em up in which you can either; a. Be a passive hacker, going out of your way to find the easiest and most effective way through with the least collateral damage, b. Be a genicidal maniac with a lust for all human blood which stands in your way, or c. Murder someone, black out the whole compound, then walk around pretending your the phantom of the opera."
,Recommended,447040,28043275,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wolfu,"Only played 2 hours of it, and its so much better then the original. A lot more customization to your character, the cast is way cooler, this game has drawn me in already and I'm loving it!"
76561198034585756,Recommended,447040,28082769,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jaime Fockin Lannister,"I""m in love with this gameGood work ubisoft  :D"
,Recommended,447040,32870394,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ Chico,"Like the first Watch_dogs, but improved"
76561198210217115,Recommended,447040,28114953,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrCrowbarFTW,This game is very good in evry aspect buy it!
,Recommended,447040,30734684,Posted: 25 March,all,ComradeGarfield,k its k liek i said k.
76561198334901243,Recommended,447040,28113510,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,lucifer,A really good game for pc from ubisoft after a log time played for 6 hours with no glitches the grahics look beatiful and with interstiing mission all in all a very good game and a must play
,Recommended,447040,28083325,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Winner Winner Tempek Dinner,recomended openworld game 2016-2017
76561198048381609,Recommended,447040,28103615,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,StainzE,"Excellent release from GTA V. I love the open world aspect and the freedom of play, with the odd MP Event system which makes it a more enjoyable game. Not that it needs it! The story is just brilliant. I bought this for the PS4 as well as the PC. I loved it that much on the PS4, that when my PS4 PRO arrived, I didn't tranfer my saved game over, I just started it from scratch. I basically bought a console to play this game and a other stealthy games as I'm crap with a controller, being a Mouse + KB player. But jeez! I'm glad I did buy this game!I see that the game has a great deal of potential with DLCs and extra content NON_DLC, hopefully. A great game for anyones collection!I would recommend taking time to explore and hack like mad for cash etc (basically buildng your character up).. before starting the main missions. I do have a high end PC playing it on Ultra, and boy does it look sweeet! I didn't think you could get better than a PS4 Pro's GFX, but boy was I mistaken. Although, the PS4 Pro does an awesome job too..."
76561198140763058,Recommended,447040,28103608,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,xBoomBeach,"Fantastic game 11/10... No but in all seriousnes it is a good game and so far I really like the story and the gameplay, the graphics are also good, 9/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,33392894,Posted: 8 July,all,hahaha funniy maymays,"This game is so poorly optimised, i cant even run it when i almost meet the recommended and easily exceed the minimum."
76561198269372974,Recommended,447040,28104430,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,G!anT,Ubisoft proved it....no degrade that's it!!!!
,Recommended,447040,29825923,Posted: 10 February,all,~Ropツ,"You will get bored to it once you have played it a little bit, but still its a great game great story..."
,Recommended,447040,28523782,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,introspXtion,"I decked myself out in full bikie leather then went to a gay bar to shake my butt off but even the gay NPC's laughed at my dance moves. It's like real life!!MP Bounties and general chases are awesome (unlike my dance moves), the story is goofy (like my dance moves) but overall this is pretty awesome game. It has now become my 3rd most played game and I only wish I had spent as much time learning to dance.★★★★★★★★★★"
76561198029757850,Recommended,447040,28146619,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Tommycore,"If you liked the first part, grab a copy. This is a beautifully made and worthy sequel."
,Recommended,447040,31808588,Posted: 17 May,all,Fumi,very enjoyable owo)bbb
76561198276921916,Not Recommended,447040,30761462,Posted: 26 March,all,The Real Normie,"It's a great game... But this is one of the worst PC ports i've ever played. I have a gtx  970 and i7 6700 (8gb ram) but to play this game with out constant stuttering I have to play with every effect off, and all settings on low. Which makes this game look like♥♥♥♥♥♥BTW. And even then it still drops to 50.With that being said there is still some fun to be had here but, BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK THOUSANDS ARE SAYING THE SAME AS ME. This is another example of why Ubi soft is on their way to becoming the next EA*If you do buy this and see any of the problems here, play for ONLY 2 hours and if you can't fix them then get your refund like me and countless others,BTW, I HATE UBISOFT"
,Recommended,447040,31139816,Posted: 14 April,all,MasMasWarteg,"this game is the good, there is so much things to do in this game"
,Not Recommended,447040,28983977,Posted: 3 January,all,Dazrael21,Wouldn't launch because of some EAC problem. Turned EAC & multiplayer off. Now it crashes half the time if I fail a mission.
76561198154406710,Recommended,447040,28027047,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Leonstar41,So to start off this game is just what i wanted. It has everything a watchdogs game needs.
,Recommended,447040,28658594,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Seefween,"Amazing.Its like a better version of GTA. even though i just started, i love this game. It has so many paths, so many opportunities, so many features. I don't even know how hard they've been working on this game. Just wish my PC can handle this better."
,Recommended,447040,28027369,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Muselk,"Rating for Watch_Dogs 2This is the Best Games for 2016It has great Graphics and FPS 9/10Good Soundtrack and Music 10/10Great Weapons and animation 8/10Good Storyline, Side Missions and DLC 9/10Animations 9/10Overall 9/10If you Don't know the controls or story, I recommend you play Watch_Dogs first before pre-ordering or purchasing the Games"
,Recommended,447040,33091187,Posted: 1 July,all,Ctrl-Alt-Delicious,"Large improvement over the first Watchdogs, finally has a story that doesn't have a character which makes me want to vomit any time he is on screen within a cutscene and the gameplay is actually fun."
,Recommended,447040,28704528,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,cAsey,"Honestly, one of the best games I have ever played. Everything is great about the game."
76561198081576799,Recommended,447040,31445708,Posted: 29 April,all,King Dice,During the final battle I hit a button on my phone and strolled past dozens of the highest level cops to the front exit instead of actually fighting 10/10
76561198159456785,Recommended,447040,28046045,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DarylDeeDuck,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,447040,28394999,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Harley Quinn Fan,Playing on 840m i7 5th gen 8gb all low graphics low v sync offBut can play it properly at around 25-30 fpsSo i guess my stupid computer is benchmark but stillWooo Hoooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Finally a Properly Optimezed pc game
76561198121717804,Recommended,447040,33153521,Posted: 2 July,all,catcherkid6,"watchdogs would be fun if it wasnt on ubisoft, you cant change accounts and I have one computer with a different acount signed in because it belonged to someone else in my family, so when i downloaded the game it went into that account automatically, but when i tried downloading it on my personal computer, it signed into my account and now i cannot play the game on my personal computer because it says it is owned by another account. Ubisoft is garbage but this a great game."
,Recommended,447040,28724144,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Phoenix,"More detailed review once I 100% the game. Shouldn't take long. Basically, it's really really fun, get it."
,Recommended,447040,28352429,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Mr. Squidy,"Watch Dogs 2 = Pet Dogs 1They added the ability to pet dogs, so it's already way better than the first. 11/10 would pet dogs again."
76561198369039480,Recommended,447040,32626747,Posted: 21 June,all,oskar.flodh,Beuttefull game play better than gta5
76561198204827361,Recommended,447040,31790292,Posted: 16 May,all,gamer864,"Cool game, but it gets boring after the story and after completing side missions"
76561198086898617,Recommended,447040,29072281,Posted: 6 January,all,Panchozilla,This one had dogs
,Not Recommended,447040,29326581,Posted: 17 January,all,iCuban,This game only has one issue but it's a big one. The game crashes a lot in random events even if you have a high end computer.
,Recommended,447040,28627240,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SPANGLESONTOAST,"Fun Campaign, Multiplayer is mediocre.One play through then uninstalled could have been priced cheaper."
,Not Recommended,447040,28670997,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Caustic,"Trying to run the game on i5-4670, 16gb of ram and a new 1070 card but unfortunatly even on low settings the game seems to be having issues with an apparent CPU bottleneck. This issue seems apparent for many 1070 owners so it is not clear whether this issue stands with the game itself or Nvidea drivers."
76561198237447136,Recommended,447040,34199489,Posted: 12 August,all,eeeeee hellcase.com,I LIKE THIS GAME
,Recommended,447040,32580545,Posted: 19 June,all,ktyak,excellent. almost photo realistic gfx. loved the storyline.
76561198086749642,Recommended,447040,31929469,Posted: 23 May,all,«╬»,Really great game despite me not playing much :DWell optimised and lots of free updates and missions to play
76561198068336219,Not Recommended,447040,33861020,Posted: 28 July,all,SprayArtist™,"Don't recommend it at its full retail price, there is no incentive to keep on playing and the gameplay can get quite dull for something so ambitious. Wait for a significant price drop."
76561198207816905,Recommended,447040,29232884,Posted: 13 January,all,Spyro cs.money,Very good game few flaws
76561198294120419,Recommended,447040,34173352,Posted: 11 August,all,Vollex,Nice game i Recomend this Game :D
,Recommended,447040,34357579,Posted: 19 August,all,GuyMualem,watch dogs 2 is great game but this have one problem he is say alway that the my memory is not good but i have good 8gb Ram
,Recommended,447040,33088363,Posted: 1 July,all,Operaatio_Ankka,Crashes everytime i start it...i have suitable pc for the game and ive done everything to try get thi working but still nothing lol...its still a great game and i give positive review
,Recommended,447040,33063524,Posted: 30 June,all,DJSunMan,"It's fun. I played it for quite a while, and it gets repetitive, but it was very enjoyable hacking people and ruining their lives. The game has a few flaws that should be noted though. First, there is no bloud. If you shoot someone, and there is no blood it breaks the imersion. Second, you should be able to do more things while hacking. Maybe you could hack someones phone to tell them to walk to a certain location, were you can stun them. That is just an idea of mine. Overall though, it's fun."
76561198210071037,Not Recommended,447040,30795879,Posted: 28 March,all,intence66,..................................please read  before buying  GOOD AND BAD..................................this game was played using a xbox360 controller (also payed about 26 pound becuase it was on sale).((((((DO NOT PAY 44.00 POUND FOR THIS GAME))))))..................................good...................................graphics design ///////// graphics design the game has vivid colours and settings to change the exsperiance everythinglooks quite good id say better than gta  every detail is really well done and designed.3d printer weapons tech /////////////// theres loads of weapons to choose from ie dead sec weapons and then military butalso you can choose youre colours of weapons  .... also you have a drone and a 2 wheeled floor bot thing ? anyways as youupgrade youre tech tree you can carry bombs hack things  use  a distract option also ? and much more.hacking //////// hacking once again you can upgrade youre ability by the tech tree option you can hack cars traffic lightsobjects and robots and computers  and phones and lifts and cranes  .... just about anything is hackable.puzzle hacking ///// i call it puzzle hacking sooo sometimes while doing a important hack or mission you have to  do atype of puzzle hack where you have a power data source   and you start at  point A but have to get to point B but betweenpoint A and point B is a puzzle  where you have to turn diffrent things a certain direction so the current can flow throughand you can complete the mission ?...................................bad...................................josh and autism ///// autism doesnt bother me i have it but like what bothered me the most was the start of the gamewith josh and the people around him and what was being said just really bothered me ? after a while though i didntsee a repeat yet of what they where like to him or what was being said.20 million to lukimea /// so on a mission u have a recording of a song ur not supposed to have and then you hack into aguys house and phone and then play him the song acting like youre the song guy and then you ask for money and then he wires you 20 million but the 20 million isnt to you its to lukimea cancer charity but apparently on the mission thatsfunny ? ie after the guy realises ur a hacker the hackers laugh at the fact that it goes to that charity ?.pedophile ///// ok like why ? in a misson disscussion  somewhere along the lines in a mission this word is used like why ?.control handling ie driving ///// ok so in watch dog 1 there was this same issue thats in watch dog 2 and the issue isdriving handling mainly for some strange reason it got worse in watch dog 2 and the game is way over sensative drivingwise is hard af  im just annoyed that they didnt resolve this issue specially when they made a watch dog 1 game and hadsimlar issues but now its a bit worse but thankfully u can change it through settings but even then u may have some issuesnow and then.how to get to a misson ? ///// sounds really odd but im not the only one asking this question ? and im not the only onewho does not know how to get to a mission .... on a side mission i think its called ?? spray paint ?? but theres othersalso anyways you arrive at the location all ready for this mission and you walk around the building looking for a wayinto it becuase theres doors and you realise theres no way what so ever to get into this building to get onto theroof like it asks and u cant get on other roofs to get onto ur mission roofto do the mission ?  so then i had to ask the comunity disscussions how do i dothis mission they are like try a drone soooooooo i tryed it and it doesnt work lol so people suggested using a lift thingu can hack but u have to find one just to get onto the roof ???????? i mean if u need to really do this perhaps suggestit in the game some how on how to do ie on a misson like a objective ?then people wouldnt be like wtfffff ? i mean how are u supposed to know where to goto get the thing u need or how to get onto it without a little objective thing on how to get onto that area lol.music / music changing ///// mussic changing is ok but annoying you need to hold a little button on the xbox360 controllerand then press another button ie the black 1s to change the radio  .... but another issue the music kinda sucks its likegta brought all the music rights of all the decent music ..... its like id rather listen to 2 songs and then the classicchannle radio and music and thats saying something  lol  .........trains / trams / planes //// sooo this game does not have any of that in the sence u cant ride it or go on it ?  i thinkthis really sucks that its there but u cant go on stuff.ubisoft ///// anyone will tell you whats bad about unisoft ..... to play this game you need a ubisoft accountmines worked fine in the past most of the times but since ive had this game its worked for about 2 days however now itsdecided that i can only play watch dog 2 in offline mode ? even though i have perfct connection to the internet.......................WHAT WOULD HAVE MADE THIS GAME BETTER ?? my opinion ............ all the issues listed would have needed to be sorted and i mean they could have made this game better than gta if they added or fixed what i mentioned......................theres a few more issues  that bother me .... but i feel like the maker has a wired sence of houmor in some of the thingsi just mentioned that bother me ? its kinda like the maker went a bit crazy or something......................DO I RECCOMEND THIS GAMEwelllllll  ill say i reccomend the game but never buy this game for 44 pound at all  i brought it for 26 on sale and eventhen i think that may be a little bit to much i mean it works its a good game with some issues and stuff but im glad ididnt pay 44 pounds for this game  ........... so it short i reccomend it but not for the price
,Recommended,447040,29213400,Posted: 12 January,all,https://twitch.tv/urgay,This game is definately better than the first game in so many ways. I've just finished the campaign and it ended exactly how it should haveYou go to Dusan's office after you took out and exploited Blume and have a conversation with him and tell him he lost. (of course theres more detail in the game)The campaign was amazing and there is still so much I still have not done such as all the side missions. The only thing I had a problem with is the performance issues. In most other games I get 60 fps on either high or ultra but this game i get around 40 fps on high.
76561198030978104,Recommended,447040,29213863,Posted: 12 January,all,Tylermcd93,"I really enjoyed Watch_Dogs 2. I held the unpopular opinion when Watchdogs 1 came out that it was better than GTA V. For me personally I just had more fun with it than GTA V, which I also thought was a very good game. I hold the same feeling for Watchdogs 2 but even stronger. Many people had an issue with the main character, Aiden Pierce, that he was bland and flat. I believe that they made the right decision with Watchdogs 2 with its main character, Marcus. He's much more enjoyable and humorous, as his most of the supporting characters. This is actually a common thing that I loved about the game. The world is lighthearted and funny, with a serious moment every now and then but few and far between. It tackles issues with the modern technological landscape and society using satire, more effectively than GTA does in my opinion. As for the gameplay, it has improved however oddly enough even though I think Watchdogs 2 is a much better game than the first, it took out some good features that were in the first game. For example, you could rob stores in the first game and had a noteriety level. That's gone. Same with the usual open world Ubisoft trademarks such as outposts and viewpoints and such. Some may see that as a breath of fresh air, but for me I always was fond of those gameplay mechanics. Another issue is there's no progression tracker that's in every other open world Ubisoft game so you don't know how close you are to the end, how many side missions there are, etc. It adds a bit of mystery I guess but I would've rathered the usual mechanics. The hacking puzzles are much more in depth and involved than the first game which is much more enjoyable and requires more thinking through them, though they are still just maze puzzles. There's a lot more funny things you can do through hacking around the world as well. The world itself is much bigger than Chicago and way more colorful and alive than the first game, which was very grey and too serious. The online is also much more improved the first game as well and co-op partners can appear throughout the world at any time doing whatever they're doing in their own games. This can lead to fun and funny♥♥♥♥♥♥going on around the city. However even with these changes I still think this is a very good game, an 8 out of 10, better than the first game and personally more enjoyable than GTA V. If you think 60 is too much, I think that is fair, however I think 40 is more than fair for this game."
76561198294229460,Recommended,447040,34201154,Posted: 12 August,all,kee_is_trash,fun af
,Recommended,447040,28974943,Posted: 3 January,all,vizual,"Hang on,T-This is a Ubisoft title?"
,Recommended,447040,29302355,Posted: 16 January,all,Deku,good game
76561197999168032,Recommended,447040,28672607,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jellytan92,Better than the first one!
76561198067985896,Recommended,447040,28673376,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bobinux,"Pros:1. A great gameplay, much wider range of hacking tools than in the first Watch Dogs.2. San Francisco city is ALIVE.3. Great graphics.4. The online part of the game is really fun.5. Good replay value, breaking in Goo... Nudle and other buildings again, when you have upgraded you hacking arsenal is fun.Cons:1. Stealth is only good when playing with gadgets, as you alert everyone if enemy spots you even for a fraction of a sec, when going for a personal aproach.2. Even though the hacking arsenal is good, if you're into Computer Science, you might feel the game lacking a bit more serious aproach to the hacking process."
76561197970232920,Recommended,447040,28806557,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CrAiGiSh,Sitara ... 10/10
,Recommended,447040,31874655,Posted: 20 May,all,🎩✭Top✭Hat✭King✭🎩,"Great game, Really fun to do shootouts and mess with stuff!"
76561198053584264,Recommended,447040,28047249,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jae,Best game from Ubisoft...
76561197970526613,Not Recommended,447040,33315493,Posted: 6 July,all,divineruler,"This game was almost fun for me, but wow I hate the stealth mechanics in this game.Basic feature in most stealth systems are absent; you can't move bodies, the game has a hivemind mentality for guards, the detection meter is inconsistent, and the game forces alert status on you after completing objectives.You can be as sneaky as you want, but the instant you start hacking the objective all gaurds will go alert. Ok, thats fine, just sneak around... No. You have to stay by the objective until a meter runs down. In alert status. ♥♥♥♥ stealth I guess then.If that happened once I'd forgive it, but holy crap most missions play out like this.♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan waaayy too quickly as well, reinforcements show up right away, cops escalate way to quickly, and gunfights are almost impossible to avoid. From a story perspective, killing makes no sense.Uplay can go to hell.Ugh, even buying it on the summer sale feels like a waste of money. Doesn't help that I came from Dishonered 2, where you are given the proper tools, and I was almost able to ghost and no kill the entire story (and if I had rerun 1 mission I could have done a perfect completion)."
,Not Recommended,447040,29255951,Posted: 14 January,all,kms,Ending was anticlimactic AF...
76561198152967142,Recommended,447040,28334742,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,The Raptor Corporation,"I was walking down the street. I bumped into a man. He tells me I don't matter so I punch him in the nose. He pulls out a mechine gun, shoots me and runs. I chase him down a beet the sh*t out of him. Someone calls an ambulence. The ambulence comes and runs 3 people over. A man comes out of the ambulence, he sees the unconsuise man, he says oh my god and runs away. I call the cops on him for lazyness. When the cops come he says ""No, I'm innocent!"" The cops put a few shotgun shells in him. They drive away.38105732/10YUGE inporvment from the first game."
,Recommended,447040,28078382,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gamer19876543,compared to the 2016 AAA games this is the best one this game has very good graphics fun gameplay the only things i didn't like is that there is no normal chat with other playersEDIT:  i forgot to mention that this game is unoptimized
76561198043696587,Recommended,447040,28207620,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,edukettu,Final missions wrench part was too easy for me because everyone just started to run away after i called cops.
76561198032082792,Recommended,447040,28334751,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Toaster Maximus,"Much better then I thought it would be, a nice fun and serious tone to the game and worth getting imho.8.55/10Oh are a few bugs but are rather small, even the online play is better then the original."
,Recommended,447040,28206659,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Superagent66,"I'm so happy that most of the reviews are positive for this game because it deserves it. Watch_Dogs 1 got horrible reviews (although it was still a quality game), and I'm glad to see other people aren't destroying it before it even left the ground. It's a great game, other than some frame-rate issues. Keep it up, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,28337455,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,RAGEMachine,very good game
,Recommended,447040,33014355,Posted: 29 June,all,8BITADDICTION,"Watch Dogs 2 is a clear example of learning from past mistakes, the game builds and improves on every aspect of the first game, and while the game has some optimization issues. it's a  very good game all around."
76561198182729635,Recommended,447040,29610944,Posted: 31 January,all,Zorgi hellcase.com,"This game is freaking coolThe parkour in this game are making me plant some plants, its really coolIf you played watch dogs 1, ♥♥♥♥ that gameThis game is so much different and is definetly not like the first one.You have an app like Instagram, that is so cool, you have an music app, also freaking cool. The story is so nice as well. I love that you are just a little crew."
,Recommended,447040,30215632,Posted: 27 February,all,Sathya Whity (Tamil),you just gotta love the art works done in this game.so Epic I'm glad i bought this.Misison are pretty cool and the story is pretty good aswell.if there will be a DCL pack with more mission i would buy it !
,Recommended,447040,28823469,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Frederino,"It's a fun game, driving is pointless majority of the time because of fast travel and the graphics are nice"
76561198262530332,Recommended,447040,29608509,Posted: 31 January,all,Van,great game !!
,Recommended,447040,28667763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Snik,Really solid game.Finaly a good pc port this year!
,Recommended,447040,28673260,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,En D'avoir,This Aint Ubisoft game...
,Recommended,447040,28821986,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,UprightSpectre,Fantastic game but I don't like how difficult it was to get it to run. Have to play it on medium-low to get a stable 60 fps with a 1050 ti 4gb. Still fun and pretty even without the highest possible graphics.
76561198121085491,Recommended,447040,28336814,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Korveus,"Just purchased watchdogs 2 gold edition, Won't let me play without an activation code where do i get one?"
,Recommended,447040,29485301,Posted: 25 January,all,Fluffy,The best hipster dress up simulator ever.10/10 would buy another skinny jeans again.
,Recommended,447040,33754455,Posted: 23 July,all,INFO_WARRIOR,Story is socialist globalist propaganda.(Elon musk and George Soros)Characters are unlikable entitled self righteous millennials.Gameplay is solid.3 out of 5
,Not Recommended,447040,28084592,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,If you are a Graphich ♥♥♥♥♥ Good Luck on playing this game on ultra hell you cant touch the Anti Alising By the way 2X MSAA 20 FPS Drop 4X MSAA 30 FPS Drop 8XMSAA 40 FPS drop  same with TXAA so no way of opening AA in this game at 1080p.i just opened it at 4k without AA to get 60 FPS FFS... The game is on full low btw only Textures are on ultra dont get me wrong i m not a idiot expecting to get 60+ on full ultra 4kWatch dogs 2 definelty improves from Watch dogs 1 gameplay seems solid and much more improved. Jokes are guud story is fun and enjoyable.Missions are funny and cool. so yeah thats pretty much it.Im Giving it Not recommended cause of this bullsht optimization. Still as i said it depends to you and your taste.
,Recommended,447040,28044408,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Madness Awaits,The Game is just Wow. 10/10 on everything. Ubi did a good job after a long time.
,Recommended,447040,33551499,Posted: 14 July,all,sgasghjojrla,Best game
,Recommended,447040,29160881,Posted: 10 January,all,Katoosie,"10/01/2016.Finished the game after 36hours of playing. That includes all of those auto pop up side missions too, I still have plenty to do like Driver SF, drone racing, offroad bike racing etc.The story was good, I liked all of our characters but I wish there was just more of it. I'd happily buy a story DLC or just the next game, if it's good of course.So the story was good, graphics are awesome too, playing it nearly maxed and stopping by taking pictures of the scenery on multiple ocassions. Sound and music was alright as well, game has quite a lot real life songs in it or mixes I think, most importantly it is fitting.The only thing I thought was pretty out of place was the gun enabled 3D printer you get at the start of the game but that is just me. I refused to use lethal weapons throughout the whole game, I just used the stun gun, stun bombs and electro shocking stuff that everywhere. And calling gangs and cops to the same place to create chaos, of course.I bought two copies of the game, one for me and one for my boyfriend.Overall? I recommend it. It is very hard to keep me interested in the game now, especially single player. This game managed to do it AND was interesting at the same time.Recommended! :)"
76561197968589305,Recommended,447040,29437667,Posted: 22 January,all,Soondead,"Ubisoft very nearly nailed it with this one. I'm one of those who enjoyed WD1 despite its many many flaws. Most of the mini missions made no sense, some of the campaign missions were ridiculously difficult to the point where it seemed obvious that nobody had bothered to playtest them after all the bells and whistles had been added, and enough has been written about that game's one-dimensional protagonist.In WD2 the devs seem to have taken a long hard look at the reviews, player opinions and then the game itself. Then they went and fixed all teh things. There are mini missions everywhere, side missions everywhere and even the main plot branches out into sub-plots that can be tracked side by side so the game never forces your hand. More importantly, most (if not all) missions can now be completed in your favorite play style; be a ghost, be a trickster or just walk right in with a grenade launcher and assault rifle. And keep doing it, because there are so many missions and so much to see.I won't go into depth about the graphics, music and scenery except to say that the game looks and feels amazing. They've only gone and modeled one of the most iconic cities in the world, and no matter where you are it feels organic, authentic and alive.What about the flaws? Well, there's still uplay, Ubisoft's notoriously unreliable DRM layer sitting between Steam and the game making its ever-valiant effort to mess things up. This time around, upon installing the game I was simply greeted with a cryptic error message. The solution was to simply download the newest version of uplay and installing on top of the old one but come on... you expect a game at this price point to just work out of the box. If you can't make your DRM work then GET RID OF IT.Same thing about anti-cheat really. Ubisoft went and tweaked the multiplayer aspect of the game to be less intrusive and much more enjoyable EXCEPT the game will randomly ""detect"" that you're cheating and kick you out, through no fault of your own. No, Ubisoft, I am NOT cheating, and whatever you're doing to detect that I am is simply wrong. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for kicking cheaters out of the game because we all want a fair chance.None of these things ruined the massive amount of fun that can be had in this game though. Move over Rockstar, there's a new king of open world sandbox gaming."
,Recommended,447040,28760683,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,"I had originally written a negative review of this, but the problem turned out to actually be my CPU (long story). I've fixed that and the game runs pretty well now.I'm having an absolute blast with this game. You have an incredible toolbox of toys to play with, to use with stealth and hacking, and the co-op is tremendously fun, though maybe a little repetitive at times after awhile. Player invasions, which you can turn off if you want to, are pretty fun as well.As far as ways to complete missions, there are many. Pretty much everything can be done with your bots if you want to (same rules of stealth apply), or you might find a mission that works best with a combination of bots and going in yourself. If you fail at stealth, your options depend on what you were trying to do. If only your bots got caught, you can just try again if you want. If you got caught, yourself, you probably are now in a ""kill them all"" situation unless you can flee and hide for a bit.Driving is fun, but I'm using a controller for driving and mouse/keyboard for everything else. I've never been good at driving with the keyboard, so I can't really tell you if that is implemented well.Lastly, I'm finding the upgrade system really fun. It's always giving you new tools to use.So, yes, I do really enjoy this game, but I'm also a fan of other Ubisoft open-world games, too, so you may want to take that with a grain of salt."
76561198305079995,Recommended,447040,28689881,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ghost Pepper,Love It I can't Get Enough of It
76561198302880271,Recommended,447040,28248025,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Bnapier2014,so far so good. ive had a couple times where it CTD' me im guessing sli. anyways the game is really fun. btw my 8.6hrs was all in one sitting lol
76561198121874416,Recommended,447040,28307531,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,a_daol,"THIS IS THE MOST ENTERTAINING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!I have a very decent Pc so I can run this game very smooth, with (nvidia control panel settings ajusted) I have had so much fun with this game, and I was playing other games at the time before I got this, (like GTA V ) and I totally dont even wanna go back at the moment because I'm so enticed with WD 2 that even typing this review is taking time from me to play...I highly recomend this awesome game and online playing will make your adrenaline go high!"
76561198120672996,Recommended,447040,28628859,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jaytto,Ubisoft made a good game!
76561198205091359,Recommended,447040,29291647,Posted: 16 January,all,FG | Biggest Banana,"An incredible game which is light hearted and funny, but the story still has depth.Highly recommended."
76561198155887031,Recommended,447040,28628330,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SUNKEN NUGGET,FANTASTIC!!!
,Recommended,447040,29710228,Posted: 4 February,all,KING NIKO,Watch_Dogs 2 has everything that you wanted out of the first Watch_dogs.
76561198067106089,Not Recommended,447040,29367478,Posted: 19 January,all,hardcore_penetrations,"I have had a good amount of fun driving around and enjoying the glitchy physics of this game. But it falls short overall. When comparing it to something like GTA V, it feels very flat. The quests are not very motivating. It just feels like there is a lot missing from this game."
76561198282315966,Recommended,447040,28356894,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,swei316,Awesome Many Improvements From It's Previous Game...Welcome To San Fransisco!!
76561198112823210,Not Recommended,447040,29176915,Posted: 10 January,all,iN-S. Oops ...You're Dead!,Unable to run on my system; must be something to do with the quad core thing I got a black screen only ...even after reinstalling and trying multiples fixes the Radeon R9 290x wouldnt run it; 4g video memory and 12g ram on the computer. Have asked for a refund.
,Recommended,447040,28355968,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Belldandy,Much better than the first one.
,Recommended,447040,29116111,Posted: 8 January,all,SirDanini,Great game!Really optimized for low end rigs too!intel core i5-5200U @ 2.20 GHz16GB RamAMD R5 m330 2GB
,Recommended,447040,28583372,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,hoMie,Wait for the performace patches. Great game but needs to be fixed Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,447040,28887851,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ƪibre,"Horrible optimization for an AAA game. Uplay is dog$hit and the worst thing is EasyAntiCheat, the screenshotting spyware that scans allegedly ""ONLY system memory, game memory and game files""."
76561198057739978,Recommended,447040,28249506,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Ace ™,Awesome game! very recommended.
76561198271160648,Recommended,447040,28040099,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,andrewsawyer11,this is very fun and alot better than the original
76561198177271655,Recommended,447040,33687393,Posted: 20 July,all,thunderace06,Watch Dogs 2 is a way better game than the first. For starters you can hack more things. Also the characters are way better designed. The story is good. The game actually kind of looked like the trailer which surprised :0 me because Ubisoft loves to make false trailers that the game looks nothing like.i like the online missions and mode.There is Alot of chaos that happens. Overall I rally enjoyed the game And i bet you will too. :)
76561198305388164,Recommended,447040,30976359,Posted: 6 April,all,adrenexelise,"This is a really good game, I definately recomend this to most people, some people might not trust this game especially after ''Watch dogs 1'' but ''Ubisoft'' definately brought it back"
,Recommended,447040,28150432,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,themerotes,"Watch Dogs 2 is hands down Ubisofts best game and possibly one of the best open world sandbox games to date, it gets a solid 9 out of 10, I love the sillyness- not as silly as saint row or GTA but somewhere inbetween, probably closer to GTA's humour and actually well written with really likable characters parodying of social media today. The graphics are amazing, sound is good and music is great, has that 80s movie feel and a good score too, gameplay is also great but I wish there was a full first person mode, it looks amazing in first person, seriously detailed but only viewable with the phone camera.The phone is also great, you have to download apps from an app store and there is quit alot you can do, a shame the media player doesnt allow you to play songs from your PC though, one other disapointment is the third person view is a bit too far away for me, unlike GTAV you cant choose the distance, hopefully there will be a mod or Ubisoft will fix it with an update. The hacking is so much fun, you can spend hours just messing with people and not actually follow the missions, also there is so much more interaction with NPCs in this compared to say GTAV eg it you take a photo npc's will make poses or tell you to f**K off. Also NPC's interact with eachother alot which makes it feel alot more real. Watch Dogs 2 is a must buy."
,Recommended,447040,28077379,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SwordSUSE,"if you liked the previous Watch Dogs, then just jump for this one. Thats all."
76561198106916666,Recommended,447040,30935237,Posted: 3 April,all,GGO Xenon,"Definitely Recomended playing this game.Pros:- the world is huge-improve stealth gameplay,-tons of things to do, selfie and stuff-imrpove driving mechanics- costumise chatacrer is now better-graphic are so beautifullCons:-bad optimisation game for pc ports-the story kinda blandOverall: 9/10, yes, go buy this game, worth the money."
,Recommended,447040,28086996,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Corneval,"If the great updates keep on going, GTA V player will move to this game. THIS GAME IS JUST SO FLAWLESS AND PERFECT! I have never been so hyped for a game like this <3"
,Recommended,447040,28198297,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,JohnsoN,This game is great. pretty much covers all the things the first game didnt have! They Listened !
,Recommended,447040,28214371,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gook Nukem,Awesome game. Well worth the 60 dollars and the campaign doesn't have very many predictable plot twists.9/10 since we haven't had very many worthwhile releases this year.
,Recommended,447040,28062511,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,StarScream,"totally awesome!!!ubisoft redemp their ""sins"" on watch dogs , and make watch dogs very optimizedno framerate drop and even stable on 60fps++ on 1440pnow GTA V have serious rival :D"
,Recommended,447040,28068705,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Interknet,"Honestly, Ubisoft has turned a corner recently it seems - and I'm someone who hates Ubisoft for many reasons. The Division got a 1.4 update, which changed the game for the better. Steep Beta showed promise, and I'll likely be buying the full game in between when I finish Watch Dogs 2 and when Wildlands releases.I've put 5 hours into Watch Dogs 2 (despite Steam not showing this due to VPN) and it's already enjoyable and I haven't done any actual missions. This game makes  me wonder what the hell Ubisoft was thinking making the first Watch Dogs, cause this game takes a satisfying dump all over it.So in a nutshell, The Division is better than it was at release, Steep Beta made me wet for snowboarding, and Watch Dogs 2 makes the original look like the sibling that nobody likes but is the reason it's new younger brother exists.So if Steep turns out to be good, I will end up looking forward to Wildlands.It's hard to say this personally, but good job Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,28089111,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Frank Castle,"Great Co-Op, Amazing graphics and sound, A story that does not take its self seriously. Too boot, some of the best damage models on cars, aside from shooting from inside, I have seen in a game of this type."
76561198046704788,Recommended,447040,28132697,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Angelus82,Great game. I've only been playing for a little while but already its a vast improvement on the previous. Greatly optimized and a single camera hack bug i've yet to encounter anything game breaking.
,Recommended,447040,28173338,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NosK,Watch_Dogs 1 I loved it one of my favorite games BY FAR when i heard about Watch_Dogs 2 i got up and started dancing at first when i look at the price i was little bit iffy but its worth waiting 2 weeks for the good port and is Really Optimized when start-up leave the settings because its optimizing your game for you anyways if you don't wanna buy it because of the prices its worth and its a good christmas present
76561198049971762,Recommended,447040,28222928,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mister Fancy,"To be honest, this is the game that watch dogs one should have been when it was released, a very intense and good campaign, lots of stuff to do in the pvp, and very likeable characters! all in all, a very good game."
,Recommended,447040,28097306,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,J.Jensen,Just one word needed: Awesome!
76561197998453578,Recommended,447040,28063650,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Muso,"Finally a game thats awesome to play, that runs sweet with high settings and not really any bugs (that I can find) although I have had 1 random shut down so far... not sure why.I have only just started playing this game but as with any new release, these days its a case of ""will it run?"" and its a big fat yes on my part and the first 3 hours of play time has been great fun. This is how games should be released!"
,Recommended,447040,28067089,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,jester.,"The game has definitely improved since the first Watch_Dogs. My overall experience with the game has been amazing. The first Watch_Dogs was a huge dissapointment, especially to us PC players (The first game was supposedly meant for PC). The characters in Watch_Dogs 2 are more fun and vibrant than those of the first game. The entire environment feels more alive and makes me want to explore more around the map. 8.5/10 Experience on both PC and Console"
76561198032870893,Recommended,447040,28084493,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Makani,"Review based on 5/6 hours played so far right after launch. Please note that it contains spoilers and i will post my pc specs at the bottom.I didnt watch any videos,reviews or read anything about this game because i wanted to be suprised, suprised i was indeed!when you first go into the menu you see this retro kinda hacking/windows 95 theme which i thought was really cool!When you go into the game for the first time and pass the tutorial i immediately get amazed, not only did the graphics amaze me but you immediately gets throwed into this open chill world with great music bangging in your ears and you can just hack the next person you see!:D The game features a great variety of music including personal favourites of myn Megadeth and Judas Priest.The game features gangs. There are different gangs in the world of Watch Dogs 2 which is no friend towards you or the police for that matter, i really miss this from GTA San Andreas and its very nice to see this kinda gang culture back to a game.Compared to the first installment everything is improved.The story plot is very cool, i get much more a gta 5 kinda feel because you are more like a villain in this game, which in watch dogs 1 you were this hero who was saving his family.Driving is massivly improved and the gunplay aswell(no mouse acceleration, i wanna thank the ubi gods finalyyyyyy!)This is what ive got from the game so far, im sure i missed some points, all in all a very very good game that i could recommend to anyone! 10/10I Should note that i get over 60fps with high settings. turned off everything that only takes away performance, like ambient occlusion,vsync and draw distance.GPU: GTX 970 4GBCPU: NVIDIA I7 3770RAM: 16GBPSU: 650Wthe rest of my rig is pointless."
,Recommended,447040,28065800,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MMSX23,Liked the game very much. very fluid and fun. I'm really satisfied with it
,Recommended,447040,28084537,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheMilitaryGamer,"Game is awesome! some people have problem with their graphics settings, but i don't i'm play on ultra settings smootly with a GTX 960."
76561198076531210,Recommended,447040,28091187,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Er Gut Zu,This is such a superb game nobody is pointing out that this game has 11 DLC releases on Day One
,Recommended,447040,28092876,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,intern. 🐝,"I was buying coffee and then a hobo outside started smashing a parked car with a baseball bat. The owner of the coffee shop sprinted outside to stop the madness which was the hobo smashing the car. ""♥♥♥♥ outta here"" the hobo exclaimed as the coffee shop owner pushes him, ""I'm going to beat your♥♥♥♥♥quot; the coffee shop owner replies. They get into a full on fist fight, the coffee owner throws a few successful hits but the hobo begins to burst into a full on rage and starts laying her out. The hobo lays one final punch knocking the owner unconscious. I stand in amazement as I just witnessed a entertaining NPC interactions.Moments later an ambulance drives up to the scene and hops out and begins to resuscitate the owner. The hobo wants none of that so he begins to fight the paramedic. Both the owner and paramedic team up on the hobo, even with the odds against him he still stands up for himself and tries to beat them but sadly is taken out by both the owner and the paramedic. He was later revived by a separate paramedic. He got up dusted himself off and walked away and was never seen again.This game is a hack of a good time."
,Recommended,447040,28133044,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,The Mark V,"Obviously, this is better than the first Watch_Dogs.Optimization is good, just some frame drops from time to time.Also selfie simulator."
,Recommended,447040,28239615,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Yolo Swaggins,"I will commend ubisoft for not downgrading this game, probably the first game they havent downgraded but overall its just an average game, the gameplay mechanics are okay, the stealth is pretty sh*t even though its very stealth heavy, i mean if one guy or even a dog sees you, all of suddenly the entire city knows where you are. The driving is abit better than the first game but still feels more like your driving a boat rather than a car. The gunplay is pretty okay, feels sort of like the saints row games. The story is well there is like no backstory so its very lacking in the story department, you are immedietly tasked with bringing down Blume at the beginning of the game with no backstory! i mean are Blume the bad guys or are you? as the story goes on it feels more like i am the bad guy, there is literally no backstory to why DedSec (the group you are in) wants to take down Blume, the only reason i can think of is because the members doesnt like being connected.Overall its a pretty average game, nothing big and nothing you will remember, you will probably forget about this game when other bigger games comes out next year. if i had to score this game it would be a 5/10. Its too pricey for the content it offers, its a good game to the pass the time and i would wait for a sale before buying this one!"
76561198170800043,Recommended,447040,28141162,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,I dont have a good name,This is one huge improvement from the first game.Driving is much better everything is a improvement. Almost no loading screen between singleplayer and multiplayer keep it up ubisoft
76561198019796122,Recommended,447040,28184254,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Len,"I thought WD driving physics were the worst, boy was I wrong. However, despite that, WD2 improved in every other aspect. Enough said, enjoy playing with SF digital environment."
,Recommended,447040,28094819,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jowssh,Huge improvement from the first watch dogs.
,Recommended,447040,28100101,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Darcom XxX,Been playing for about 5 hours and it's very entertaining. Smooth frame rates and great graphics. I really have to recommend this game to others. Oh BTW the driving and racing are damn fun. I'll write more as I get more play time under my belt.December 25thThe game was damn fun. Loved it. Great job!! I got to say buy this game and enjoy the ride.
76561198034737124,Recommended,447040,28202814,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,The Outlaw (In Poland),"Watchdogs one was rather bad...so now that is out of the way!Watchdogs 2! absolutely loving this so far, completely different approach from the first one and really modernized this into the current society and cultures of people these days. Graphics are immense despite people saying Ubisoft downgrade before release on games these look spectacular. The game content itself is interesting with a variety of missions from stealth, car chases, run and gun and online missions against others in their own game merged with yours if you wish too.Music is interesting, mp3 player is a really good concept alongside the phone apps! The player  customization in terms of clothing is massive loads of different clothing items and cars to upgrade and buy ect. I am only 5 hours in and the game is compelling and draws me in (around work).Only downsides to this which are personal to me are the way sometimes the characters act derpy or do cringey stuff in cut scenes or say things which make you die a little on the inside but these are nothing in comparison to the pro's of the game, it is just me being old..older...few years old than most :DOver all a good game with plenty to do and random shizz to do around the campaign missions, a blessing in disguise from the first one...and please....don't compare this to GTA V....completely different!9/10..has printable guns from a 3D printer!"
,Recommended,447040,28214309,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Divine Q.,"One of the best games ive played this year. Has a ton of variety with the hacking world and robotics. I would like to think of it like a Hitman game. Different ways to approach.For example, you could use your RC car and go through vents or use a mass hack to distract people and walk right through just for a few seconds. Normal mode is a bit too easy in my opinion so i sugest play on a higher difficulty."
,Recommended,447040,28213969,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,tearfire,"Skill in game is awsome. Play in ""Realistic Mode"" but easy like ""Super Easy Mode"" because I have skill ""My friend is a police officer"" LOLOLOL"
76561198140699080,Recommended,447040,28087108,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GLYNGGUS,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
76561198157083238,Recommended,447040,28086756,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rage,Truly amazing
76561198018402304,Recommended,447040,28232432,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GVO. ct,"Watch Dogs 2 is a huge step up from the first game by far. A game coming in little expectations and hype has proceeded to exceed them by far. An alive open world game with an excellent portrayal of the Bay Area and a huge improvement from the Ubisoft Open World formula.Pros:Improved hacking in many ways with more tools such as R/C Drone, Quadcopter, and hacking combos with distract, area of effect, shut down, and activate immediately.Puzzles are much more engaging and actually fun to do now since they revolve around the world itselfStealth is improvedDriving is much better, more arcadey and responsivePC Port is excellent, 60 FPS on Very High/Ultra with a GTX 980 Ti, 1440p.Creativity with the gameplay, can approach a mission in many different ways or other objectives around the world.World feels much more alive with its NPC interactions, side missions, etc.Game looks gorgeous, no graphics downgrade.Seamless Multiplayer is excellent and works well as you don't expect a player in your session and then one shows up.Cons:Can't re-play story missionsCould use more multi-player modes like from Watch Dogs 1.Text chat for multiplayerCan get repetivie for some players as Ubisoft Open World Games are not for everyone.Could use more optimization for lower end machines, but it's still decent optimization.Overall, Watch Dogs 2 is an excellent game that exceeded its low exptectations.Would definitely recommend either full price or sale."
,Recommended,447040,28168564,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,M3m3,great pc port
,Recommended,447040,28133736,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jinx Quinzel,"I currently have 20 hours into the game and figured its time to write a review, Ill do the Pros and Cons first.Pros: Pretty graphics, there is a lot of detail in everything.driving is improved from the 1st oneInteresting Storyline, 20 hours in and im still having funNice size map to explore and find interesting thingsCons:No checkpoints, you could spend 20+ minutes doing a mission then messup and have to start up from the very beginningyou will have to drain your weapon to kill a fat guyThe humor can be pretty cringey at timesthe stealth mechanics are pretty awful, you will rage a lot by it.You might have frame issues/crashes even with a powerful rigsometimes audio cuts outEven after all of those cons i dont regret buying it at full price, but id reccomend waiting till some patches come out first,"
,Recommended,447040,28133983,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hoppin,"Great game, much better than the original"
,Recommended,447040,28134192,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FPS Eager,I was a huge fan of Watch_dogs franchise since the day they've announced it but first game disappointed me like it disappointed all of you. main idea was great but there were some gameplay and technical issues that caused WD1's failure.But luckily Ubisoft knows what he's doing. we can see they've learned from first game alot and that caused a great game which can keep you playing for hours without even going for main missions.San Francisco looks amazing. NPC reactions make the world feels alive and unpredictable. Coop and PvP hacking are fun.Driving is so far better than WD1 but still cars physics doesn't feel real.Radio and songs are better now but it would be great if we could add our own musics to radio or media player in game!Thank you Ubisoft keep it up!
,Recommended,447040,28215094,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ComputrixN7,"Fantastic game like everyone else says this should've been Watchdogs 1 originally.I liked everything there except the story I liked more the first watchdogs story,  more serious and cool but with this one it's more like kids playing with police."
,Recommended,447040,28088824,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stag,Had to enter a building and go upstairs to download files from Religious CultInstead drove lift onto the steps of the building and sat outside until completion11/10 actually has dogs would recommend again
,Recommended,447040,28184717,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MeSU,Nice game
,Recommended,447040,28132946,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TripleJ,So far its fantasic! Great story. Love the voice acting.
,Recommended,447040,28215273,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Herbey_J,Ubi didn't screw it up with in game purchases this time. Thank you.
76561197986370968,Not Recommended,447040,31812076,Posted: 17 May,all,Mr. Archdott,"Pros:+ Good graphics+ DronesCons:- Mediocre story.- Lame characters.- Lots of lethal options that does not fit the ""we are the peaceful protesters""-theme.- Areas of the map that gives no meaning what so ever. One example: the two station long train line from the port to a little passenger station where the line suddenly ends.- Boring and repetitive."
76561198203317453,Not Recommended,447040,31808889,Posted: 17 May,all,Random6oy,Gameplay boring after a whilezero depth to the characters
76561198281750996,Not Recommended,447040,29109540,Posted: 7 January,all,I Use Controller  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,My Specsi7 6700kGTX 107032 gb rami've tried everything this game is literally unplayable. It has tons and tons of stutters especially while driving it is the worst optimized game i've ever played in my entire life.
,Recommended,447040,28435481,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Timon,Game of the year!
,Recommended,447040,34921566,Posted: 13 September,all,SennaCooky,"I absolutely love this game. I was kinda sad when i finished it, cause it has such great characters. A lovely storyline and its very addicting. The game is very colorfull and it's just awesome. I definitely recommend buying this game."
76561197988802489,Not Recommended,447040,34955056,Posted: 14 September,all,HABO,"this game is boring, standard ubisoft crap"
,Recommended,447040,34995689,Posted: 16 September,all,gocky joth,good game u can pet dogs in and chill w ur bro in a hackerspace five feet apart cuz ur not gay
,Recommended,447040,35019975,Posted: 17 September,all,Fortiori,"Quite a lot better than Watch Dogs 1, kinda brutal on the hardware even when running close to top-of-the-line stuff."
76561198132777767,Recommended,447040,29244379,Posted: 14 January,all,jefflibbitty,good game and bad coop
,Not Recommended,447040,29460540,Posted: 24 January,all,Woo_Barracuda,Because Purchases made in China will only receive the Russian and Simplified Chinese languages.
,Recommended,447040,28109495,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,"Velkon,",Like the first one but not♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,447040,28249311,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rohit5r,GG
,Recommended,447040,28252275,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Illumi,10/10 would hack your car
,Recommended,447040,29121219,Posted: 8 January,all,Ryan Cole | UnknownFoden,"Great Game... Makes Watch_Dogs look like a pile of crap. The story is good, loads of things to mess around with and a working multiplayer!"
,Recommended,447040,29267615,Posted: 15 January,all,ze,GREAT game considering Ubisoft made it!
76561198143418662,Not Recommended,447040,29529421,Posted: 27 January,all,ReeveH,"cool game but 100%♥♥♥♥♥♥pros:*great graphics*realistic open world*lit♥♥♥♥♥clothings*lit♥♥♥♥♥stealth missions*lit♥♥♥♥♥police chases*its actually possible to escape the police*jumping off golden gate bridge doesnt kill you*some pretty gnarly boats*some decent cars*good aicons:*lag spikes in cars no matter the grahics settings*driving controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*most controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*lack of npc models*awefully optimised*aweful strip club*hard to get money once all missions are done*you need multiple gtx 1080s to run at max graphics*after a few hours the main missions are just getting worse and worse*random lag spikes after alt+tabbing*combat can get extremely cluttered and difficultConclusion:if you have a pc with a 900m series or below nvidia card, do not buy this game due to the lag spikes and frequent fps drops, if you can deal with it and you have a good gpu then go ahead and get out a very impressive 20 whole hours out of it. bye"
,Recommended,447040,30906827,Posted: 2 April,all,IneptOrange,"Great game for 5 hours.And then it turns into the laggiest walking simulator in the world.This game improves on Watch_Dogs quite a bit, one of my favorite upgrades being the overall colour scheme of the game, being a lot less dark and more colourfull. It also has better graphics, and I was not tricked or misslead by the game's trailer. The only issue I have is that you can play the game for about 4.5 hours and end up doing the same thing over and over.Also, My game crashed and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
,Recommended,447040,28051501,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mrinaal,Best Game as of now well optimised
,Recommended,447040,28038344,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nomad,This game is unbelievably good:/10/10
,Recommended,447040,28052893,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Joesontv,Hey looks! I get over 60fps! Thanks ubisoft! <3
,Recommended,447040,28038825,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GrizzlyTarantula,After putting 80 hours into the game i can say that there is nothing to do anymore every mission is over now i can only play the online mission over and over again it's very boring.It was fun until it lasted
76561198093779139,Recommended,447040,34680260,Posted: 2 September,all,Zero,its a really good game
76561198176645947,Recommended,447040,28137206,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Darth Sxasz,"Stereo type hipster♥♥♥♥♥game but pretty sure , better than ♥♥♥♥ing first game... Btw main character (Marcus) can suck♥♥♥♥♥AIDEN IS LOVE AIDEN IS LIFE. #FSociety"
,Not Recommended,447040,31149633,Posted: 14 April,all,GoiGarg | SaveKeys.Net,Why Ubisoft increase their ♥♥♥♥ing price in india.
,Recommended,447040,35231646,Posted: 26 September,all,Сталин,yes
,Recommended,447040,28130925,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,danijohn146,"Great job Ubisoft! Kep it up! Patient and drop ""the annual game must release driven bussines disaster plan"" is appreciatve move. And..for a slow connection 245 Kb/S in my city, 19.2 Gb is bit relieved as well! Thanks heaps! really enjoy it!"
,Recommended,447040,28810010,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dragon,"Overview:Watch Dogs 2 is a huge improvment from the original Watch Dogs. The hacking isn't as simplified as it was before you have multiple choices now when you want to hack something. Aswell the driving physics and handling is much more realistic and controllable. Gunplay is pretty much the same but stealth is much more realistic as to where if you shoot at someone while another person is detecting you they will automatically detect you. The characters are way more alive and aren't some grump who lost his niece  because he tried to steal people's money.Performance:The performance is pretty good even on the ultra textures from the texture pack on a I7 5820k and GTX 1080 I get about 80-110 fps on everything maxed besides extra details, Msaa and water."
,Recommended,447040,29265168,Posted: 14 January,all,Charyl,The graphic was awesome but one thing bothering me is that I have med-specs it wont even run 30 fps on my i5 6 gb ram geforce 920 mIf you have a beastly rig pc than I recommend it to you but if you have lowest I'm not recommend it thoughBut it your money so yeah go spent it wisely
76561198080714435,Recommended,447040,29508159,Posted: 26 January,all,Russia is my city,Better than Watch_Dogs 1
,Recommended,447040,29267096,Posted: 15 January,all,FriendCalledFive,"I have only played it for 3.5 hours so far, but I am really enjoying it. I disliked Watch Dogs 1 and was reticent to buy this as a result, but this one addresses most of the problems and is a lot more likeable and fun. The driving is actually playable now compared to WD1, though is still a ways behind GTAV. The engine is pretty and functional, though never amazes, again I have been spoiled by GTAV. It no longer has the same five lines of NPC dialogue that get repeated ad nauseum as you walk around like WD1. The main chracters are interesting and relateable, and it has a bit of a Saints Row sense of irreverence and satire that GTA lost from 4 onwards. Overall, good job."
,Recommended,447040,28048628,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Robb,Masterpiece.
76561198066941820,Recommended,447040,28129630,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Roman Reigns,"Do you remember when EA Games released SimCity 2013 and everybody hated it? It was so bad that EA earned themselves the Worst Company of the Year award. EA then stood up, apologized and kept their head up by releasing TitanFall. That game redeemed themselves with hope.Well this is kind of the same scenario. Watch_Dogs 1 was a good, but very disappointing title. It was overhyped and didn't live up to it's name since Ubisoft downgraded it so much. However, Watch_Dogs 2 is a VERY redeeming title. 100x better than the first Watch_Dogs, period. It runs on the same engine as the first title, but somehow feels like a brand new engine experience. The graphics and texture packs are absolutely stunning; proof that Ubisoft enforced it's brand new ""no downgrade policy"" after the hate from Watch_Dogs 1. Unfortunately, this game will lag for you if you do not have the latest video card. I am running this on a GTX 760 with a 4.5ghz watercooled i5 4570k and it is still struggling on maxxed. I placed my order for a new GTX 1080 in hopes of getting max settings running smoothly. This game is very CPU-intensive, so have a OC'd Intel processor with 4 cores ready. This is a good thing though, since it means that Ubisoft kept it's promise. In fact, I think the graphics in the trailer and the game are very similar.The mechanics and gameplay are even more redeeming. Marcus Holloway is a pro at parkour and moves around fluently with no lag. Instead of awkward jumps and slips, Marcus visually compensates for movements and feels very smooth. What I liked about Watch_Dogs 1 was the realistic gunfire and audio. This is no different, the combat system works very well, and in my opinion, it is more fun than GTA V. Combat is not your only option to go around; stealth and gadgets are other ways to proceed in missions. If you slip up trying to stealth your way in, you can go full combat and still survive. The last game I played that had this unique experience was PAYDAY 2. I feel like Watch_Dogs 2 could benefit from notifications of completing a mission fully undetected. PAYDAY 2 awards you with stealth bonuses for completing a heist without being detected.The story is a bit confusing to me; I still don't get the full perspective of DeadSec and I feel that Marcus Holloway has an upbeat attitude; so much that it's hard to believe he is going hard on enemies and essentially murdering tons of guards and police officers to steal some information from a server. The gameplay and elements of Watch_Dogs 2 makes up for this, and I still feel asborbed into the plot. I am a bit overwhelmed with the side operations that appear back to back after completing a main operation and encountering a new piece of information that results in a new operation being added to your phone. I guess I'll feel better after completing them.The online mode needs some work. While it is seamless with single player mode, it does interrupt your main operation if you encounter a player doing the same operation for an online invasion event. If you walk too close to the target, you will be forced to partake in the event, otherwise you will lose the event and give the other player followers for successfully escaping you.Overall, Ubisoft did a great job with Watch_Dogs 2. It is a very redeeming title that brought my hope and respect in Ubisoft up again. I am looking forward to Ubisoft's new titles coming soon.TL;DR: WD1 was dissppointing, but WD2 redeems itself and is way better and more interesting. Pick it up if you can."
76561198058105365,Recommended,447040,28121196,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TotallyNotSolidSnake,Game runs great and gameplay makes you feel like a badass.
,Recommended,447040,30547144,Posted: 16 March,all,MYKL,Oh yea
76561198123258008,Recommended,447040,28127899,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,marijan773,"Three save slots in a Ubisoft game???What sorcery is this?!!!!!But seriously the game actually works and is fun as well. Well done Ubisoft! A big recommendation from me. 8/10EDIT:The optimization is - mediocre, but the game works, I really hope the coming patches improve the framerate,  just don't go in with a GTX760 and expect wonders."
76561198095688335,Recommended,447040,28128428,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,P A N D A,love the game loads to do would deffo recommend however online not yet working which is massivly annoying
,Recommended,447040,28129028,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sednal,Love the game.
76561198217455121,Not Recommended,447040,28735355,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Big Genatalia Flex,"only an hour in and have been experiencing one major problem everytime i got open the research app no prmopt or anything pops up and its really irritating as its not letting me advance through that part of the game if anyone has any suggestions that would be great, i will edit this after i play through the first mission again."
76561198075205166,Recommended,447040,28315496,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DeadShotRPG,Way better than WD 1..A gr8 game with a lot of content to explore.Game mechanics are gr8..Do personally feel season pass is overated. Also the NPC AI reacts weirdly when driving around em.Its a great port...finally a port that works great this year..UBI hs dne a gr8 job..Cant w8 see what thy will have in store fr Assasins Creed whn thyr bak with it.Definetly a gr8 buy fr the holidays.
,Recommended,447040,28836920,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WirtsLegs,"Only a few hours in at the time of this review....but so far so good, progression is slow enough that you take the time to learn each new ability before getting more but fast enough that you dont feel choked. Characters are fun, maybe a bit over-done but it lends itself to the game's sense of humour, and driving is just better in every way. At this stage I can say much better than the first and a solid thumbs up from me. I will update this (if I remember to) at a later date."
76561198088542828,Recommended,447040,32051316,Posted: 29 May,all,The Nova King,Great game. If you looking for an open world without the hacks and noobs of GTA V you will love this game.
76561198239187170,Recommended,447040,28083969,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⭐Gyraf⭐,Thank you to the XboxOne & PS4 Players For Beta Testing!
,Recommended,447040,29219992,Posted: 13 January,all,AndiTsunG,now i can stop hacker after playing this game....
,Recommended,447040,28302409,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,"New Player, Be Nice","TLDR:A great PC port and lovely open world, but again fails to tell an engaging story. Ubisoft instead mixes a somewhat boring plot with bland characters. While Watch Dogs 2 is near-perfect PC port, the underlying game wastes a lot of potential. I recommend buying on sale, not worth full price. 7/10My Impression:Watch Dogs 1 lacked a few things that Watch Dogs 2 succeeded on, and vice versa. Watch Dogs still has quite a way to go before it becomes a 'must buy' series. Hopefully Watch Dogs 1 and Watch Dogs 2 has a Netflix and Chill session to create an amazing Watch Dogs 3. Having been released after Grand Theft Auto 5, I feel like Watch Dogs 2 missed out on a few opportunities to build upon ideas that made Grand Theft Auto 5 so good, but they failed. The heavy tones of leftist social justice warrior propaganda really put a bad taste in my mouth. If you compare the story to Grand Theft Auto 5, Watch Dogs 2 is a 3/10 and Grand Theft Auto 5 being 10/10.Positive:+ Near perfect PC port+ Great graphics with HD textures+ Good cutscenes with no overlap+ Good music with option to create playlists+ Random events with random citizens around the open world (one beingthat a lady tells her bf? that she is cheating on him)+ Lots of customization, clothes and paintjobs (guns, cars, gadgets)+ Interesting side quests+ Great use of skills and research points+ The game is fun, and has fun side missions+ Coop will be fun if you have a friend to play with, sometimes online you get someone who wants to go guns blazing while you are trying to go stealth+ Different ways to complete missions+ Cars drive infinitely better than in the first Watch Dogs+ Hard to describe why, but overall I enjoyed playing through the gameNegatives:- Having to have Uplay installed, a couple days before writing this, Uplay was ddos'd and made the game inaccessible- Boring plot, short as well- Bland characters with leftist tones, takes place in San Francisco- Not enough puzzle quests where you swap pieces to form lines- Issues with some physics and AI-The liberal left is heavily influenced throughout the game with very cliche hipster characters that do not reflect real life. The heavy tones of leftist social justice warrior propaganda really put a bad taste in my mouth.- Watch Dogs 2 involves mature themes, but has the tone of a PBS kids show trying to be cool- Bars, Restaurants are just fast travel locations, they have no other purpose. The strip club in this game is mediocre at best compared to Grand Theft Auto's. Basically the buildings need to have purpose and character.- No interaction with the people around the city, you can hack their phones, but you can't talk to them. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ asked me if I wanted a good time and all I could do is make her phone vibrate.- After the short story the game has, the game gets boring; maybe they will fix it with DLC. They missed out on opportunities of buying houses, storing cars, etc. Things that Grand Theft Auto took advantage of.- No steam achievements- No trading cards (watch dogs 1 had trading cards)- Overall a lot of missed opportunities Ubisoft could have tapped intoAbove Average Game:7/10Above Average game, I recommend buying it on sale. It isn't a 'must-have' but definitely worth an on-sale purchase."
76561198006567478,Not Recommended,447040,34959544,Posted: 14 September,all,"Oysters,Clams,and Cockles",-played the game-game stopped working-corrupted save file-Stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t save system like most PC games these days-♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,447040,29522970,Posted: 27 January,all,guarpleglip,"game is boring as hell.gameplay is trash,stealth is trash(bought it for stealth and its garbage),fps is trashstory is lamehacking is trash. GTA5 has better hacking ffs...3.7/10"
76561198100248967,Not Recommended,447040,35445692,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,very fun but gets boring
,Recommended,447040,28241668,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sw1ziST4R,"Very good Game, Story - Top, Gameplay - Top"
76561198275118609,Recommended,447040,32776052,Posted: 25 June,all,Uncle._.Dick,if you like dead memes this is the game to buy.
76561198015321667,Recommended,447040,28214297,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sergio Trump,i enjoy using my stungun on people and then finishing them off with my silenced rifle while they're down
76561198093248399,Not Recommended,447040,28739121,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sgt. Rice,"I have a really good computer that can run bf1 on ultra at 60 fps, and I can't run this game on medium without getting 15 fps. Game is good but optimization is poor"
,Not Recommended,447040,28338797,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,blooDykiz,Hell yeah Ubisoft Never Grown Up...bad pc port like always
76561198240387300,Recommended,447040,29296649,Posted: 16 January,all,JE1992,"Everything the first game should have been! Really good, with a very long story. Graphics are also very good."
,Recommended,447040,29969914,Posted: 16 February,all,Senicc,"Much better than Watch_Dogs 1. Even though i liked that game really much.Pros:- Many missions, Big story.- You need to play side missions to main missions.- Riding.- 3D Printed guns.Cons:- Not the best port to pc.- Fps drops while riding- Glitched animations from npcs aswell from marcus.9/10"
,Recommended,447040,28075478,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rootel,"Watch Dogs 2. Let's start.I'd say that the graphics are really good, especially if you download the enhanced 4K dlc.The story and missions are very fun and good, stealth is hard to use sometimes but it depends.You need to get the drone first because it will ALWAYS come in handy.Spare your research (skill)  points so you can buy the needed things.Now about the characters, big complain.The jokes that Sitara and Wrench make are awkard.Maybe if it is your sense of humor but most people in this world would think you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.GraphicsVery, very detailed but it is hard to find the graphics options.It is better if you got a NVIDIA graphics card atleast 3GB.I have a NVIDIA 1060 3GB and get 60 FPS.OnlineIt is something special but the invasions are very  annoying because they also happenwhen you're doing a mission and driving to another checkpoint.Coop is good too, more missions would be great.Overall GameplayIt is a good game with alot to do but it's good.The driving is the same as Watch Dogs, it is repetative.Score8/10.Why? Driving sucks and characters are awkward.It feels realistic, beautiful but also the interaction with the Al is better.Totally recommend this for the FULL price!"
,Recommended,447040,28229842,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SimonHax,pros-grafics-smooth-nice overall gameplay-driving-HAXcons-short story-not enough side missionsr8 8/10 m8 would play again
76561198121556569,Recommended,447040,28135316,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Feron Araneia,This is an amazing game! Could not stop playing it when I bought it!
,Recommended,447040,28566986,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,NeonBit,I recommend this game because it is good to play if your are bored
,Recommended,447040,28136087,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Treskey-,"This is game is really amazing , its like GTA 5 but with hacking system to play with ! Really happy that this game has come out ! Thanks Watch_Dogs 2 !"
,Recommended,447040,28097974,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Brainles5,It fixes most of the issues the first game had. Overall its just a very good game.
76561198348988282,Recommended,447040,28136197,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rhaegar,Absolutely Fantastico! I really love this game. Soo colourful and character customization and all that stuff is pretty cool. I recommend this game for sure. But you gotta have a good cpu and gpu to run this game. Can be optimized better but the game is really cool. Thanks Ubisoft. :D
76561198088506255,Recommended,447040,29281233,Posted: 15 January,all,Bob Ross,"As someone who has personally spent a lot of time in San Francisco, this game nailed it.  It is so fun, engauging, and deep.10/10"
,Recommended,447040,30692028,Posted: 23 March,all,NGS | Mister Cabbage,"It's like GTA V but with lots of hacking and parkour. You can customize your clothing and weapons, as well as get some sweet rides (vehicles) as well. You also have a GTA like cell phone as well, that act's like Fallout's pip-boy, esentially making it a world interface."
,Recommended,447040,29279869,Posted: 15 January,all,lekkek,"This game is really good only problem is dedsec ""allies"" who can troll a lot."
,Recommended,447040,29279500,Posted: 15 January,all,Oatlife,"I would definently recommened this game to anyone who enjoyed gta5 or payday, it has many of the same aspects and feel to it.however i would wait until this game was on sale before buying because its a bit overpriced for what you get, but thats just my opinion.-note: you will most likely not be able to run this game on a laptop, even with a decently good desktop you will get 15-30 frames at all times exept for cinematic scenes, dont let them fool you.      To get the best quality you will need to either buy it on ps4 or xbox or have a good, gaming Pc, definently not a mac as they are not meant to run large games such as this or just cause 3.On the bright side it is a very fun game, has improved a lot since watchdogs, the story and characters are a lot more relatible an you can do a whole lot more with npcs, cars, and anything that can be hacked.summary: very fun game with a interesting storyline and characters, lots of cool ways to hack, but needs a beefy computer to get more that 30 frames."
76561198271139072,Not Recommended,447040,29195365,Posted: 11 January,all,BlkBlazzin,"The game sucks. It would be fun but its got frustrating things that happen. Online you can get shot 2 times and die even though you shot the other guy 50 times with an automatic weapon. Just before writing this review I ran over a player with a bounty on his head. I ran him over and he didn't die. So I ran him over again. AND HE DIDDN""T DIE!! Who gets ran over twice and does not die?? I was also upset at the car spawning. You call for your car and it is delivered 10 blocks away sometimes. It does not spawn nearby very often. Then when you select a multiplayer mission in your phone...if it needs to load the world you start the game with no car even though you were sitting in your car when you selected the mission. I cant catch a bounty if you load me on foot. I now have to find some nearby random car if there is even one around. Thats weird. The execution of stuff in this game is sub par. Could be good......but the execution sucked."
76561197990513566,Not Recommended,447040,29259427,Posted: 14 January,all,Ayenn,I read the reviews for this game. There were enough positive opinions that I decided to grab it on a weekend sale. I spent several hours downloading it only to consistently crash 5 seconds into the first mission even though my machine exceeds the recommended requirements.After it has been patched substantially (6 or more months) I may try it again. Until that time I have requested a refund.I am a very sad panda. I was looking forward to this game.
,Recommended,447040,30043396,Posted: 19 February,all,Marble,"One of my new favorite games of all time.I didn't play the first game but, after completing this game it makes me want to go buy it and play it as well. Even though I can barely run the game still had a great time.Pros++Great Characters+Good Personality+Different Playstyles Welcomed+Big Map+Great Graphics+Solid Clear Story+Co-Op Campain MissionsCons--Kinda repetitive missions ( only some not all )-Bugs and Glitches ( I wouldn't make this a game breaker for your decision to buy the game, it's a new game so I expected this )-Not much else.My Problems-Had a hard time running the game, with lowest settings still ran around 40-65 fps.-Lag spikes occured alotConclusionOverall I would 100% reccomend this game to anyone interested in Open-World games or hacking games. It is a great way to spend many hours on.10/10 Would get called a loser by fat feminist hacker with chip in her arm again."
,Recommended,447040,29259906,Posted: 14 January,all,re1n^,Insanely good game and storyline.
76561198131561812,Not Recommended,447040,31301095,Posted: 22 April,all,brianburkejr,"the game is fun but...bought game on steamfound season pass on sale through another site (still too expensive)season pass unlocks through uplaygame menu shows i own season passunlocks stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t costumeshuman conditions and t-bone content not unlockedtalk to uplay support""nothing they can do because i bought the base game on steam""♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,447040,35470526,Posted: 4 October,all,stasikg2,"At the start I was enjoying the game but 10 hours into the game I found myself bored really quickly and playing on became more work than playtime...Cons:- Storyline isn't exciting or new, found it pretty boring.- Marcus is a boring main character, nothing special about him, another rebel.- DedSec group is a bunch of geeks with no real characters.- Most missions are pretty much the same.- Cinematics.Pros:- Graphic is amazing.- Control and gameplay are good.- Once you get used to driving it's pretty much great.I rate this game 5/10, It's either like it or hate it."
,Not Recommended,447040,35506898,Posted: 5 October,all,TheQuebecNinja,"Just another Ubisoft game with lot of boring side activities to keep you busy and an even worse story overall despite the fact that Marcus' character is more consistent than Aiden's. There's also a lot of little details that just annoys me like WHY THE HECK WRENCH WOULD PUT SPIKES ON THE STOCK OF MY RIFLES??? I know this is a video game and it doesn't have to be always 100% pratical but Marcus is supposed to put his cheek on the stock to look through the scope. Aside from all over the place designs, the game gets repetitive very quickly and just becomes a chore to get through. Co-op can give you a few giggles when trying to break the game but PvP is straight up broken game-balance wise.TL;DR Just an okay game so I would only recommand it when its on a big sale (like 75% off or something)"
,Not Recommended,447040,28147522,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,xSklzx Dark // DarkEDM CEO,This port is incredibly♥♥♥♥♥♥ Played for 5 minutes before the game locked up and wouldn't let me continue. Ubisoft Support never responded either. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.
76561198068521024,Not Recommended,447040,28322217,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,308,"The game is good but not even close to being worth the price. Its still full of bugs, nothing more annoying than finshing a mission only to have to game get stuck on a loading screen and have to do the whole thing again."
76561198087445631,Not Recommended,447040,33250111,Posted: 4 July,all,CassiNi,"As of 5 July 2017 the game suffers from bad optimisation on a f***ing GTX 1060 6GB and i5 6500 with 8gigs of RAM.God, I loved this game so much but the stutters are way too frequent and it just runs bad for me.At least the refund button works fine."
,Not Recommended,447040,28138393,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,FarisLeonhart,"I love WD2 but Ubishit failed so hard with optimization, I run 2x Titan X Pascal SLI (4K) on Water Cooling+OC'ed (i7 4790K 4.6Ghz) & I can't get stable 60fps all the time! sometimes it goes down to 41~48fps?!!! did few fixes but still.Go & watch Hardware Unboxed review to check it yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQVrgbteJBU&t=1sorhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfK4L90e86k**I didn't like how most NPCs have similar or exact same faces**This ruins  immersion!(SMAA) + Ultra shadows + Default Ultra settings"
,Not Recommended,447040,31028797,Posted: 8 April,all,skyf1re,"What's good:+ Gamepad feedback+ Some parts of world detalisationWhat's bad:- AWFUL driving physics (cars, bikes)- Very bad vehicle sounds- AWFUL AI- Extremly low game difficulty on ""realistic"" settings- Missions are all the same- Bad storyline- Bad protagonist - hacker, car thief, professional driver, melee combat master, sharpshooter, freerunner with giant rope-attached yoyo?- Very bad graphics and overall physics of the world"
76561198068531426,Not Recommended,447040,31870487,Posted: 20 May,all,Τσολιάς,Pros:Fun hackingsome memorable characters and momentsCons:overpricedboring story♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimisation
76561198117370838,Not Recommended,447040,28281038,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,fugazi,"I like the game but it doesnt seem as optimized as everyone says it is. I have a 1070, i7 4790, and 12 gb of ram and struggle to reach 60fps downtown and other crowded places. Will change my review when this is fixed"
76561198042897274,Not Recommended,447040,29215352,Posted: 12 January,all,Dank Memes Top Kek,"My PC well exceeds the recommened specs for this game yet on the game's own recommened settings and nividia recommened settings i couldn't get anymore that 45-50 fps in non combat, non driving open world areas.Edit: PC Specs:Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6GB16 GBMicrosoft Windows 10 (build 14393), 64-bit"
76561198035539545,Not Recommended,447040,29495906,Posted: 25 January,all,Pvt. Gibbins,"I dont understand how Ubisoft fooled this many people but its impressive. the game is filled with bugs not to mention the render distance is the same as Watch_Dogs. Speaking of Rendering the way the game renders cars from far away is awful it picks from a random set of cars to show you from outside the render distance then once the car gets within render range it just picks another car to render in so you can see Trucks turn into Smartcars, oh and speaking of cars the no driver bug still exists! yay bugs from the old game in the new one how revolutionary. another thing is when police no longer chase you they just despawn. so you could have 5 cop cars following you then you ditch your car and go hide the cops will then get out to search for you and when you sucsessfully hid from them you can walk out and see 5 abandond cop cars because the AI despawned. If i was to list all of the game breaking bugs i would be here typing nonstop. do yourself a favor and wait until its heavly discounted. Ubi gave us the same♥♥♥♥♥♥again but this time people are sucking it up through a straw."
,Not Recommended,447040,33262633,Posted: 4 July,all,Godslayer333,"Bought on Steam's summer sale. Incessant fireworks in game super damn annoying. Update July 4th broke it, will no longer launch past the splash screen"
,Recommended,447040,28055729,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aviator ☁✈,Wrench should have been the player character.
76561197969650575,Not Recommended,447040,29615428,Posted: 31 January,all,gunner_uk2000,"It's a generic gta clone, with a few clunky hacker gimicks thrown in, which basically ammount to point your cursor at something and rig it to explode when an enemy comes near. Story is basically a rip-off of the movie hackers, but 20 years too late, and every bit as medicore, with facepalm lines such as 'hit them where it gigahurtz'Most anoying of all is there is no way to turn off random people from the internet joining your game. There is an option to disable 'steamless co-op', but even if you disable it the randoms still come.Might be worth a tenner, if they ever fix the online. So pretty standard ubisoft fare."
,Not Recommended,447040,28237896,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,WestoN,"Best way i can describe this game is like Volition and Saints Row. The first one was serious, the Second one was errm a little but more playful and cartoon looking. Third one is going be space aliens and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft need to get togther a solid storyline as this one is boring af and then get a serious protagonist. Not some little hipster dweeb motherf*cker."
,Recommended,447040,28085261,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Giovanni,"So, cuz i have nothing to do with my time, i am going to review this game :)-good optimized (150+ fps on high settings)-cool graphics, for me, better than GTA's one-the city is awsome (San Francisco), you feel like in real life-idea of the story is cool, you will never get bored making missions-if u finish the game, u will not get bored, u can play side missions/multiplay (very fun)-drones are very fun, very important in missions-a lot of hack methods, never get bored to drive a car and hack every single person :D-big improvement over Watch Dogs 1 (hacks, story, graphics)-the songs are awsome, in watch dogs 1 you ussualy close the radio, but in this game, you will put the maximum volume and start dancing :)-a lot of places to visit and make selfies-the dogs are very cute, go pet them, but their possesors are very annoying, so i preffer killing them-u will never get bored while it's loading screen, the animations are very fun-worth 60euros, a game that you can play for 1k hours+ (multiplayer and exploring)-a lot of customizations, cars, dlcsFor me, this is one of the best games that i have ever played, best ubisoft's game, so what u wait, go steal ur mom's credit card and buy this game, u will never regret this..."
,Recommended,447040,28123137,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GamingOVER_Galaxy_YT,"so almost 3 hours i played it recorded a video for my youtube and here is the review-1,IMPROVED DRIVNG MECHANICS2.NO BUGS3.not lagging or crashingand particularly an awesome experience ubisoft gives you thereEVEN NPC'S POSE WHEN YOU TAKE A SELFIETRUE NEXT -GEN experiencewhat got me occupied for a short time was setting the perfect graphics settings for my pcRUNNING IN VERY HIGH some things actually one or two things are at medium on MY 2GB DDR5 GTX960 AMD Fx8300NAILED IT UBISOFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,447040,28134436,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Heist,"I blew myself up with a sewer manhole cover. 10/10 would hack again.---------------------------------------------------------------------------I honestly wasn't particularly hopeful in Ubisofts ability to release a good pc game. I've been playing pretty much my whole day and I have to say, this game is a blast so far. I actually like the more light hearted look and feel of San Francisco and man oh man Dedsec is a cool group of protagonists.I'm not playing on ultra but I did crank almost all the specs up. I'm easilly getting above 60fps across the board and, in my humble opinion, the game looks great.Here is my rig:i7 6700k OC to 4.7ghzEVGA 980 ti Hybrid16gb corsair vengeance 4000mhz DDR4 RAMSamsung 850 Evo. 256gb SSDHappy hacking everyone!"
,Not Recommended,447040,29277835,Posted: 15 January,all,Darth Chode,This game has a pretty good story but it's really short and once you finish it there's nothing else to do
,Recommended,447040,28074007,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Illusionguy,One of the best pc ports this year!
,Recommended,447040,28453935,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,air,the game is a story about leet hackers and memes written by 30 year olds trying to be hip with the kids
,Recommended,447040,29527576,Posted: 27 January,all,5rbsh518,تقيم لعبة watch dogs 2--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------المزاياالحرية اللعبة تخليك تنهي اي مهمة اي شي على طريقتك سواء بالدرعمة او بالهاك او حتى التجسسالتجسس المتقن في اللعبة و هناك طريقة كثير تخفي نفسك و تتجسس فيه اللعبة و التجسس يضيف نكهة اجملالاجهزة (ألسيارات-الكاميرة)و غيرها تضيف نكهة و تقدر تنهي بعض المهمات بستخدام هذا الاشياء و بدون ما تتدخلالجوال جدا جميل و طريقة تحميل و استخدام البرامج فيه جميل افضل جوال شفته في لعبة حتى الانعالم اللعبة جميل و فيه مناظر رائعة و كبير و العالم المفتوح في اللعبة متقنالتهكير في اللعبة جميل و مفتوح تقدر تسوي اي شي تبيه فالتهكيرالCO-OP جميل لكن متكرر--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ألسلبياتالتصويب صعب و هذا يخليك احيانا تنحد على التجسس بدل الدرعمةالاون لاين عبارة عن كم مرحل في البداية بتكون مسلية لكن بعدين بتمل و تطفشفي بداية اللعبة بتكون اللعب مو كؤيس و ممل لنه في اشياء كثير لزم تفتحها ما تقدر تستخدمها على طول--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------في النهاية اللعبة جميلة و ممتعة ولكن فيها بعض العيوب البسيطة الي ما راح تاثر كثير على اللعبة
,Not Recommended,447040,33267584,Posted: 5 July,all,卂尺ㄒㄖ尺丨卂丂,"Very hard to start this game in offline mode (This game needs to be online from time to time , if youre palying this after a long time and you dont have connection available like most of the country then youre out of luck; get a crack or something)This game also features the classic ubi advances like the graphical downgrade/watered down gameplay(and map).the  driving which is better than the first game is still very bad considering the other open world games like gta"
76561198151530615,Not Recommended,447040,28319681,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tofoo,"I know everyone loves this game but the character movements made me crazy as soon as I started playing.   It's more than just lack of controller support.  It felt as though there is no connection between my keyboard inputs and what Marcus does.  I know I'm not describing this well, but the game just feels terrible."
,Recommended,447040,28100866,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ZhakoBraum,top 3 from me
,Recommended,447040,28087058,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,Marcus isn't annoyingly ghetto!
76561198061418223,Not Recommended,447040,32893676,Posted: 27 June,all,Space Husky,"So, this game improves a lot on the last one, most noticably in the driving which is much better. Not to mention it's far more beautiful than the first game. The colors, the music, it gives you a good vibe, however it lacks in a lot of things. Gun play isn't fun at all. The sounds for the guns are dreadful and there's no satisfaction in using them. The stealth is good although does get old and, unless you're in a mission, quite boring.The story isn't bad. It's more engaging than the first game as it feels very Mr Robot, and I love Mr Robot, however the campaign isn't all that long and once done, you find yourself left in a world that continuously makes you ask, what do I do now? I mean, you could go around and collect all the cash drops and ./Research points. It does leave you with some small side activities, however the only real gameplay of them is going to the destination and hacking a box or whatever. The rest is told through dialog and sadly the aftermath is very dissapointing. With a game based around changing something, you are left in a city that feels no different from when you started, no matter what you do.Overall, an enjoyable enough campaign, but even from the steam sale, I feel that £19.99 could've gone to something a lot better."
76561198021570837,Not Recommended,447040,28259388,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,mrskeltal [1up],"The game looks and feels good, but I got this planning on playing the story with a friend.  I read a few places it was possible... but discovered otherwise in-game.  You can only do Coop ""missions.""  The missions that were side missions didnt even update the other person once they were completed.  We both had to complete it.Overall, if you like singleplayer stories, get it.  If you were looking for coop story, don't.:("
,Not Recommended,447040,29915530,Posted: 13 February,all,Devilas,"When a game doesn't run on a rig with 2 1070s in SLI, there must be an issue with optimisation. After that, copy pasted animations and scripts, the characters are pretty cringeworthy and the story is generic politically correct cancer.The recent patch, which was over 6gb to download(thanks to lazy devs), makes no difference to the game. In fact, my framerate is even more horrible than it was before.Even worse than the first one IMO, please don't get scammed by Ubisoft and their half a$$ed attempts at making games."
,Recommended,447040,28103211,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SquishyOG,Thank you Ubisoft for actually producing
,Recommended,447040,28911518,Posted: 1 January,all,TG3n,"استمتعت بتختيم اللعبه رغم اني لم اشعر بأي نوع من الإنجذاب والتعلق بالشخصيه الرئيسيهلكن شخصيه ""رنش"" كانت الضربه الرابحه في اللعبه غصب تتعلق بشخصيتهطبعا في هذا الجزء بسبب عدم التعلق ماحسيت بلذة الإنتقام او بحزن من اجل شخصيه عكس الجزء الأول واللي حصل مع كلارالكن اللعبه بشكل عام جيده الى جيده جدا مع بعض القلتشات الي اكيد بتحلها التحديثات القادمهاللعبه راح تحسسك انك واحد من الأنيموس وبنفس الوقت مع فريق ويكلكس"
76561197988522878,Not Recommended,447040,29659360,Posted: 2 February,all,Bago,"Sad thing I actually prefer the first one more.*Terrible car handling and car physics. Cars magically flip back onto their wheels.*Headshots to enemies don't matter you fill enemies with the same amount of bullets in the head or chest.*No jump button, only a climb button which sometimes fails to detect something climbable right in front of you.*Instant drone recall is too cheesy especially when spotted or being attacked. Destroyed drones re-spawn with a cool down.*Grenades are not ammo it has a cool down timer before you get more.*Magical 3D printer that consumes money to make any weapons/drone. Cost is not associated with size/material but the better the weapon the more it costs.*Dying/failing a mission re-spawns you sometimes too perfectly mid/end mission bypassing all combat/stealth and keeps all enemies tagged. Happened mostly on escape area missions where spawned me outside of the area making a very cheated instant escape with no pursuers."
76561198012990104,Not Recommended,447040,31868987,Posted: 20 May,all,Glitch,Game keeps freezing...
,Recommended,447040,28589963,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,L.Christ | 정은비,this game grapic was AWESOME dude
,Recommended,447040,28035428,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jaiseck / GSecurity,"Short version.Fun, could be better optimized but runs fine on my gtx 970 with amd 6core processor on SSD and 16GB RAM.Can't considere it as a trash / bad release, and I'm sure the game will better with time.Not the best AAA release ever, but clearly not the badest either and the game is fun (Wish the car handling would be better though)."
76561198223822872,Recommended,447040,28525835,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Captain Ricco,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=822705099(screenshot of a rival hacker's car. I took it for a spin then parked it nicely for the guy)I was banned from the forum for a week for going overboard with my happiness from playing this game. After 3 decades of playing video games I can say this is the best so far. If you have a system for graphics (at least i7-6400, with at least the GTX 1070) I think it will be hard to disagree that this game sets the new 'awesome' level for coolness."
,Recommended,447040,29210773,Posted: 12 January,all,Theodore Trilby,"It's hard to believe that the same company that made the first Watch Dogs game made this one. On top of the story being better and the characters being WAY better, the gameplay is much more refined this time around. The hacking is way more fun and useful for missions! (It's also fun to just go around and start huge gang wars using your cell phone).I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,447040,28091823,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheMXPRGamer | Moore |,Great Game Way Better Than The First Watch Dogs Game. Been out for 1 day ( My Hours= 14hrs)
76561198153739790,Recommended,447040,28213678,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MemeStarZ,"Being a person that's never played Watch_Dogs 1 i was a bit skeptical into buying this game, as it seems the first one was very dissapointing to some. However, I must say that Watch_Dogs 2 is a great game that pretty much brings the good from the original, and improves many of the aspects: optimisation, graphics, driving, characters, multiplayer. Thing of Watch_Dogs 2 as Watch_Dogs 1 plus GTA V, with lots of SJWs. While the game isn't as big as GTA V, I can say that htere still is lot's of content in the game. Map size is a bit small but you won't notice because of all the fun youll have.Pros:-Amazing Visuals (on very high settings)-Great hacking abilities-Intense invasions multiplayer mode-Limtied but fun co-op-Bounty hunter multiplayer mode-Decent story-Good driving-Lot's of contentCons:-Iffy optimisation on my GTX 970 (40-60 fps on very high settings)-Cringe-worthy writing-Characters (a bunch of hipster teenagers, with social justice warriors all over the place)Overall, if you can wait for a sale you could do that, but if your really interested it's worth the money"
,Recommended,447040,28087446,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AnarchY,well played
76561198243257208,Recommended,447040,28097175,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kirkkoherra,Finally Ubisoft game that actually works!
,Recommended,447040,28214519,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,morris1morris,"I really hope people don't let the last Watch Dogs leave a sour taste in their mouth (I personally enjoyed it) because this game really improves upon everything. The online portion is really seamless. Online invasion is one of my favorite aspects of the game (I usually hide in the backroom of a resturant and that works like 99% of the time).The story doesn't really take itself too seriously like the last game and you can spend countless hours messing around by hacking cars, calling the cops on random people and then ordering a gang hit on the cop when he arrives. A really cool feature I like about this game (and hope Rockstar takes note on their next GTA game) is that when you attract too much police attention, other players can join in on the police chase to try to take you down as well.Ubisoft really did right by PC players. It's well optimized with little to no bugs, and is just a blast to play! I really hope this one sells well so they can build off the amazing aspects in the next game!"
76561198233574664,Recommended,447040,28068706,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RaGeViiP3RZ,"Use graphics presets ingame and ur good with fps. if you just ""tweak to max"" i get 20 to 30 fps on gtx 1080 and 6700k when i go maxed out. though ultrapreset is a not so steady but high 50 to 90 fps with about a 70 avarage. I think the game is well optimized but some settings are extremely demanding."
76561198011206383,Recommended,447040,28215133,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Madeyes2882,"Over all a fun time. Looks stunning and plays very smooth. Wasnt really sure what to expect having never played the first installment, someone sold it to me as GTA but you can hack stuff and I have to say that isnt far off the mark. It's defintely its own brand and feel but has the same open city world, vehicle and combat controls you'd expect from a GTA game, however the simularities end there. What I enjoyed the most was the multiple ways you can attack every mission; want to sneak around popping bad guys like Sam Fisher? No problem. Or would you like to ghost your way in and back out, enemies none the wiser? Got you covered. If you really want you can just go in the front door guns blazing. That being said there isnt any effect on the game based on what play style you adapt; the rewards, plot advacement, and reaction from other characters is the same whether or not you go though as super smooth and stealthy super hacker, or a ruthless gun toating psychopath.This causes a bit of a disconect as the entire game the main characters are stylizing themselves as heroes fighting agaist the Orwellian ""Man"" and trying to fight big data through a grass roots movement, while the protaganist is running around with a grenade launcher pancaking cop cars. Would have been great if they introduced some type of morality mechanic, or at least a couple differnt endings based on your actions and relationships with the main characters; this seems like a no brainer for this type of long form open world game.That being said the characters are pretty unique and well fleshed out, and the main missions are well planned and a good challenge level. Just when it would start to feel a little repetative with the ""break in here and hack this sever"" routine over and over again you'd get a really unique and fun mission. That being said the side missions are pretty shallow content wise. Again I'll compare it back to GTA where every side missions felt like a main mission all in itself, with unique characters and a stand alone mini plot of sorts. In Watch Dogs you dont get that feel at all, and it felt like I was just doing busy body work to unlock more skills. One or two side missions are fun and I particularly enjoyed the ATM exploit mission chain, however many of them are pretty bland.Like I said the game world is truly beautiful and full of interesting interactions to give it the feeling of a living breathing city, which for me was what I enjoyed the most. Just lacked a little more depth over all to make it a true classic. It's defintely a fun time, and took me about twenty hours to get through the main story and about ninety percent of the side missions, but I'd wait for it to drop in price a bit before its worth it."
,Recommended,447040,28223306,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lil Pump,This game is insane!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
76561197982493178,Not Recommended,447040,33422219,Posted: 9 July,all,Light'em UP,Its like if anonymous was run by  hot topic.
,Not Recommended,447040,33817439,Posted: 26 July,all,Slothstronaut Swag,Like every other ubisoft game it gets extremely repetitive quickly. More concerning is how unstable this game is. Constantly is crashing the nvidia drivers or BSODing. And it's not an issue with my PC -- it's a widespread issue on the forums and doesn't happen with any other games.
,Recommended,447040,29259147,Posted: 14 January,all,Cassey-30s,I got hacked by a guy named XR_FocKEdUrMum_IXAwesome 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28783599,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Watchdog,Awesome game
76561198088640617,Recommended,447040,28103795,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/SwiffoPlays,"Love this game so far! I hit an easy 100 fps with a GTX 1060 on max settings, so I'm not really sure what the problems others are having with this are. Suffice to say, that's my experience with this game. It looks really good and again, I love it so far!"
,Recommended,447040,28107322,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,C h E e S E C a K e,Very Fun with a better take for a story. Rip Watch Dogs 1. xd
76561198276105465,Recommended,447040,28452442,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mabehir,"Pros:-MOST BEAUTIFUL, DETAILED & DIVERSE OPEN WORLD EVER CREATED!!! Absolutely incredible!-Gun sounds-Hacking is very accessible-Hacking puzzles very cool-fast travel-funny dialogue and positive message-contemporary & important subject matterCons:-No fighting mechanic but instant KO if you press the melee button(+ that yoyo is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and lame)-They created an open world and filled it with scripted things to take away player freedom:--> Cops have helicopters but you cant fly them--> Free running is contextual / you cant actually jump / cant jump off buildings--> lack of physics engine + enemies have scripted death animations + if you jump out of care you'll always see the same animation--> Can only carry 2 weapons, weapon wheel takes long to come up making shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥--> Auto sneak--> no mini games and lack of interesting side activitiesoverall: 7 / 10YOU WERE THE CHOSE ONE WATCH DOGS 2! You could have been so great, but you remain ""just"" a good game. You had the potential to be better than gta V...For a visualization of all my points, check out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyMpZAVIeSA"
,Recommended,447040,28147059,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,merkl,Niceeee
,Recommended,447040,28285070,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SpookyChicken,10/10 Would Hack Teh World Again███████▓█████▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓╬╬▓█████▓▓▓▓╬╬▓█████╬╬╬╬╬╬███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓█████▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓████▓█▓███████▓▓███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬▓███████▓╬╬╬╬▓█████████████████▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬▓▓▓▓▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓█████▓▓▓╬╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓████▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬███████▓▓▓▓▓████▓▓▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██████▓█▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██████▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬█▓╬▓╬╬▓███████▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓████▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬█▓╬╬╬╬╬▓███████▓▓█▓███▓▓▓████╬▓█▓▓╬╬╬▓▓█▓╬╬╬╬╬╬█████████▓██▓███████▓╬╬╬▓▓╬▓▓██▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██████████▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬███████████▓▓██▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓████████████▓▓▓█████▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██████████████▓▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓████████████████▓▓▓█▓▓▓╬▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██████████████████▓▓█▓▓▓▓███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓██████████████████████▓▓▓███▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬█████████████████████████▓▓▓██▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬▓███████████
76561198048370150,Recommended,447040,28082857,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,»๖ۣۜBeardForHoes,"Hello Everyone,Thank you for visiting my humble review and paying attention to it.The review will include and involve my personal opinion, my 2hr experience thus far and more!LETS GEET ROOIIT INTO IT SHALL WE? (sorry)The game is surprisingly enjoyable and makes you wanna experience it more!The scenery is very colorful, the game includes a camera and you can even unlock new gestures and tinker with you photos, which i really found to be enjoyable. I think ubisoft really did nail the San Francisco feelin',The city feels live and vibrant. There are lots of missions and multiplayer/co-op events which are also a very satisfying experience.In my short playtime I have done quite much and still feel as though i have much more to do.Missions were funny with silly and goofy jokes being present.Hacking is way improved from the first game, which i also played, WD2 now includes a vast skill tree and a variety of cool buffs and upgrades.I feel as though the driving is a bit wonkey but is still improved and maybe is just in need of getting used to.Now my only unsatisfaction in this short playthrough is the fps.""The game is optimized""""Finally a game in 2016 which is optimized!""NO.NO.NO.Dont be fooled. It AIN'T optimized.First of all, a very well 2016 3A title which is very optimized would be DOOM for example.The fps varries depending on where you are at a given moment, in a dense, populated city it may drop well below 60 which is unforgivable when I have a very high end, beast of a machine( SPECS BELOW ).If just the fps would be fixed and the game will truly feel optimized, I would proudly call it a frickin' AWESOME 2016 title, for now, its kinda dissapointing..It got this positive review from me only because i did enjoy every moment of it in my 2hr playthrough. It just baffles me all the steam reviews for the game...35-45 fps on gtx970=OPTIMIZED??!!Anyway, consider waiting or going through the negative reviews before buying it!SPECS:*GTX 1070 G1 GAMING*I7 4690K 4.0GHZ*Z97 ASUS MOTHERBOARD*16GB RAM*500SSD + 1TB HDDIm playing at very high, FXAA, TEMPORAL FILTERING ON.Im usually getting 60+fps with an average of 73 fps.While driving it can drop to 50..."
,Recommended,447040,28034853,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp",works PERFECTLY! I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,33843957,Posted: 27 July,all,VAC,"I never thought Ubisoft can be hideous to this level, by locking the language.I know I am Chinese and I know Simplified Chinese, but I always play games with English as it is usually the original language for the game. If I knew Ubisoft locked the language, I'd never never buy this game, no matter how big the discount is."
76561198273254336,Not Recommended,447040,28661576,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chad Slimcock,"This game stutters SO BAD it is completely unplayable. Keep in mind I'm playing on a GTX 980 and an i7 4790 with 8gb of ram. It gets especially worse when driving, and happens 75% of the time when walking around. But what pisses me off is that the 25% of the time that the game is not stuttering, the FPS is as smooth as can be. So it is clearly a problem with their stupid♥♥♥♥♥game optimization and not my computer."
76561198034919531,Not Recommended,447040,31325452,Posted: 23 April,all,rikbailey,"Game crashes consistanly every hour of game play. Tried everything from taking off all over clocks on the system, running the memory in lower speeds as its helped some people out, to the usual recommendations.Despite all of that, I have had some fun intermittantly whilst playing it, though its by no means a polished title and the plot makes little sense to me. However now after about 10 seconds of game play I loose all sound ingame which only just started today, go to menu and the crappy menu music starts up and I have sound again, resume my game and not a peep. No gunshots, no foot steps no chatter nothing.AI is stupid but also annoyingly stubburn from time to die, for example enter a area with a lot of caged dogs that are all barking, caged barking dox spots me and suddnely everyone knows where I am, even when all humans in the area are now deceased. Another example would be oh you fully spotted me a split second before your removed from this mortal whelm but some how are able to alert my presence to the rest of the gang.Or for laughs I hacked a police car and made him drive of the edge of a cliff, as his/her suddenly jerked of the road and tumbled down the side of said cliff to the officers death he/she calmly reported the filthy deadsec hacker to his superiors getting me a police wanted level despite not knowing where, what vehicle I was in or what I looked like.Dont waste your money on it, I have a high spec machine and other people whos computers are more powerful than mine get crap results too, get it on console if you have that access, but not first hand as its not worth full price even without the crashes and no sound plague."
,Recommended,447040,29246021,Posted: 14 January,all,TaylorGermany,Fantastic!!!!!
,Recommended,447040,28092066,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Itsumi Erika,"We need 4 or more players coop plz!!!Nice online mode,but we need more men!!! 4players should better"
76561198257640415,Recommended,447040,28640032,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MAX,BEST GAME OF 2016
76561198139046077,Not Recommended,447040,35096764,Posted: 20 September,all,Ghostlyhobbit,Will complete at some point just so I can tick it off but it seema very boring and poorly optimised.
76561198013907351,Recommended,447040,28113161,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mdiesel95,Hack the Planet!
,Recommended,447040,28150847,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Volt,This is everything Watchdogs should have been.
76561198091460902,Recommended,447040,28094321,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,leonski1981,A very nice game in all aspects. Would Highly recommend
,Recommended,447040,28609424,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SomeOne,great game endless posibilities
,Recommended,447040,28431789,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr. Krim,Day 1: I was on a roof trying to get a data key when I hear the sound of something being hit repeatedly. I go to investigate and find out that it was some guy hitting a car with a bat. I jump off of the roof and attempt to confront him but he hops in the car and drives off.Day 2: I'm just running around having fun when a man in a red Mazda drives by and shoots some hooker on the sidewalk before driving away.Day 3: I've decided to go on a killing spree to calm myself down. I kill about 30 people when a medic arrives on the seen. Curious as to what the medic would do I decide to observe his behavior. He walks over to one dead lady and immediately claims that it is too late to do anything and doesn't even bother to check the other bodies. I decide to do the right thing and call the police. They show up and try to arrest the medic but the medic just hops into the ambulance. The police then pull out their guns and shoot him. One cop then shoots some random civilian for no reason.I recommend this game.
,Recommended,447040,28079036,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AlexMercer,Way better then the first part.. no downgrades.. awesome story.. lots of things to do in free roam..seamless online is awesome.. Finally the old Ubisoft has arrived.. <3 :).. !!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,30803693,Posted: 28 March,all,Radical_Randy,"Game is complete trash, sorry hopeful fans. First 2 hours i find 3 gamebreaking bugs. 1. Truck trapped me underneath it, had to restart. 2. everyone was agro on me never died down, wasnt a mission, had to restart the game completely. 3. trapped under a house's staircase. rip had to restart. game worth 20 doesnt even seem HD."
,Recommended,447040,28333765,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,S!kΞR GΛMΞr (山中いの),Worth your money
76561198140394461,Not Recommended,447040,29436194,Posted: 22 January,all,agent55 vip,ughhh this was a waste im sad that it did not work...... D: started it up got ready for watch dogs 2 and then..... black screennothing else.......tried everything to fix it... nothing... black screen..... ....................................................................):if anyone knows how to fix please please tell me.....Thanks
76561198160488341,Recommended,447040,29573795,Posted: 29 January,all,PolarCashew,"The First time I bought it, It didn't work So Is it worth buying again?"
,Not Recommended,447040,28733877,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Snake,I really was enjoying the game. but i was getting horibble frame rate drops all the time and made the game unplayable. if this get fixed ill happily re buy the game and change my review
76561197993227597,Recommended,447040,28035557,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Globality,Game of the year!
,Recommended,447040,29252703,Posted: 14 January,all,Chaos Walking,"I would say this game was average but definitely an imrpovement compared to the first but i find the storyline a little short. The parkour is cool, shooting is not so great, but the game shines when u play it stealhily and like a hacker lol.Anyway i give a  7.5/10"
76561198089449642,Not Recommended,447040,29172459,Posted: 10 January,all,Xyz™,GARBAGE
,Recommended,447040,28073139,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Danze!,"I'm incredibly thankful to Ubisoft for delaying this game. Optimization is amazing, game looks incredible. Missions are very fun, story takes itself less seriously than Watch_Dogs. Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,447040,28280857,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Papakachowa,It let you hack stuff 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28050453,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✪ Astarc,"Game of the year, nice Ubisoft ^_^"
76561198266099703,Recommended,447040,28209248,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ummmm,dope very fun
76561198082438220,Recommended,447040,28481963,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,I liked it.  Maybe you will too.
76561198082676708,Recommended,447040,28208943,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ḋʀмἔᾄҭẏ,it turns off the lights on my keyboard on boot
76561198112107529,Not Recommended,447040,33414280,Posted: 9 July,all,Nyckee45,"I prefer watch dogs 1 to watchdogs 2!I don't like the game because of the points below1st : The scenario is simply empty,2nd : the game won't start or will crash randomly.3rd : I didn't liked anyone in deadsec, Most of them are pretentious like ""no one can **** with us"""
,Recommended,447040,29211128,Posted: 12 January,all,Sir Bruce of House Wayne,"After finding out my second mirrored monitor that was off causes the game to crash, I finally started the game up. I have 100% on 2 saves on this game. The seamless multiplayer is great, the story is fun, so many moments that just made me smile like a little kid. The city and NPCs are interesting, runs well too so there's that.If you really want to get the best gameplay out of this game, ignore guns. Use all stealth and it becomes way more difficult, and sort of becomes a puzzle game at some points.One thing I do hate is the skin dlc stuff. Just why? I got the season pass and you don't get any of the dumb cosmetic dlc. Total♥♥♥♥♥♥move there. Good thing it doesn't effect multiplayer or anything. Still dumb though."
76561198024974889,Not Recommended,447040,29616747,Posted: 31 January,all,madwolfe,"This game is seriously not fun. You keep waiting for it to get good since you get teased with little flashes of optimism, but it doesnt come. The story is a mess, the characters are awful, and the world is meh. Gameplay is fun for ~3 hours and you have explored it all. Another Ubisfot pump out"
76561198058244253,Recommended,447040,31596444,Posted: 6 May,all,Chamistasya,I love this game. Here is a guide on how to get the suffler outfit and ability.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93tTsv_K3EQ.
76561198058532240,Recommended,447040,28463671,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,KFC Manager,10/10 this one actually has dogs that keep watch and EVEN ATTACK if you're an intruder.
,Recommended,447040,28084563,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,gersyb97,"I had some problems with the game at first, it kept on crashing on my pc (GTX 660, I5, 8gb Ram).So i decided to play the game on my laptop(GTX 960m, i7, 8gb Ram) and it worked perfectly!Story is great so far! If you have played Watch_Dogs 1, and you liked that story, this is heaven!I personally like the fact that CT_Os is back and the reason why fits perfectly.Marcus his mission is also understandable and you are not just out for vengeance any more, but you are now out to save the world because of your morals. The internet of things actually becomes a problem in the reall world aswell, so its understanable and you can relate to Marcus.Good Game ubi!"
76561198061590265,Recommended,447040,28086197,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SpengyMeltboi,What Watch_Dogs 1 should have been.
,Recommended,447040,28103189,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,•●SloWolf●•,You can hit people and tell em to ♥♥♥♥ off 10/10
,Recommended,447040,29272041,Posted: 15 January,all,Nurgett,Finally it has dogs :D
76561198184872231,Not Recommended,447040,29466201,Posted: 24 January,all,Mr.Bizar,it's funny in the beginig but it's gets boring relly fast
,Recommended,447040,28047327,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dreaмιngrc9,I LOVE THE GAME SO FAR
,Recommended,447040,28211700,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Discosaurus Rex,"Even though the first one wasnt a fan favorite (I still like it), it was still a cool concept for a video game. Ubisoft did a great job this go. The story is absolutely hilarious, gameplay is smooth on ultra (980ti), driving is very clean. The new hacks you can do with your mobile device are also very nice. Not to menthion, T-BONE IS BACK! Anyone that is thinking about getting this game should defenitaly pull the trigger and get it! 9.9/10"
76561198121683546,Not Recommended,447040,29527144,Posted: 27 January,all,JoKer,uplay say i don´t have the game
,Recommended,447040,28027221,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Josh,Loving it so far
,Recommended,447040,29875034,Posted: 12 February,all,✫Yoshi✫,i rcomedn 2 evri 1 hoo laikz games xD rawr
,Recommended,447040,28659314,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,"Very fun game.  Bewarned that this game is rather resource intensive and you'll want to go by the ""recommended"" requirements, not the minimum.And to all you people who say ""upgrade your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc"" I say to you♥♥♥♥ off."
,Not Recommended,447040,29579002,Posted: 29 January,all,kucingalan,IT TOLD ME TO EXIT PCHUNTER64 WHEN I DONT EVEN HAVE PCHUNTER64
,Not Recommended,447040,29077483,Posted: 6 January,all,Huskerdude,"Mostly fairly fun, but CTD all the time on a failrly powerful computer. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,447040,29587596,Posted: 30 January,all,*PALE CROW*,this is the last time i buy a game from ubisoft
,Recommended,447040,28405710,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kim Jong-un,"Just finished the game today, but that doesn't mean it stopped there.Ubisoft,You're ♥♥♥♥ing greatSincerely,Me."
,Not Recommended,447040,33632586,Posted: 18 July,all,CrackedGhostGames,Game crashes 24/7. Can only play for 20 mins then the game crashes. Ubisoft has no explanation and I can't figure out why it's crashing. 1/10 worst time I've ever had with a steam game.
,Recommended,447040,33980628,Posted: 2 August,all,questingbeast,"It's a shame the sales of this game suffered so much due to the shortcomings of it's predecessors.Watch_Dogs 2 is a much more tounge-in-cheeck rendition of the original formula, that is well executed, acted, and maintained.Pro:Fairly decent, comprehendable storyGood graphicsLikable charactersGood voice actingWell maintained and updatedDecent multiplayer, though not the bestCons:Full of open-world gubbins, good if you're into that kind of stuff, personally not a fanLacking the interactivity of the 1st game. No chess or drinking games. How will I get virtually♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥now?Conflicting morals: ""WE'RE DOIN THIS FOR THE PEOPLE!"" > Guns down hundreds of innocents, steals their money, and their carsAll in all a well rounded and enjoyable title80% goodness."
76561198337342192,Not Recommended,447040,28957045,Posted: 2 January,all,Z3usLight,it doesn't work!
,Recommended,447040,28270803,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Space Bear,"Ubisoft, I forgive you <3"
,Recommended,447040,28862416,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Beholster,"Not a huge dissapointment, what a suprise."
76561198283280642,Not Recommended,447040,28670800,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ZivGamez,"Wouldn't do anything but put a black screen up, and no refund. Thanks Steam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198047387493,Recommended,447040,28107075,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,assassiniper,I don't have the time to comment deeply about this game because I just want to play it right now. It's awesome.
76561198133796918,Recommended,447040,28652585,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,HEK,Suuuuper fun game.  I played the original and love the second one nice job ubisoft!
76561198113892278,Not Recommended,447040,29702929,Posted: 4 February,all,Umaa123,Boring as hell. Normally when i play a game i gain affinity for the characters. Now this is not the case. The missions are way to easy and just plain boring. I'll play WD 1 every day before this excuse for a game...
76561198157907315,Not Recommended,447040,29369608,Posted: 19 January,all,Marcus,I paid so much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥money just to get my account lost. i hate ubisoft and its stupid u play ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. i got the gold Editionwhat a waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,447040,29908719,Posted: 13 February,all,Daydot,"I have waited for updates that will fix this game because it isn't exactly playable.Just got on after the new update, 2 minutes in and it crashes to desktop.So dissapointed in this game, can't believe i wasted my money on it."
,Not Recommended,447040,29176559,Posted: 10 January,all,Maestrofix,"After the latest patch, the game is broken.. crash after 1-5 minutes everytime... a great game before that!!"
,Recommended,447040,28112207,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ron Soak,Im happy to have a new open world game.Im happy it worked on PC first timeIm happy the game is vibrant exciting sandbox and not a dull snooze festIm happy to see representation of minoritiesIm very happy with this game
76561198317799862,Recommended,447040,30125378,Posted: 23 February,all,Shadow Boy [CRO],The worlds best game ever!
,Recommended,447040,30345659,Posted: 5 March,all,* Soul is a pro b player,needs more♥♥♥♥♥♥to do.
76561198086285769,Recommended,447040,28330538,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rokket,It's a group of hipsters in the Bay Area who think they are too edgy for society so they attack google or sumethin idk it's fun tho
,Recommended,447040,28149318,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lytro,In my opinion very good campaign.
76561197995818232,Recommended,447040,28153200,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,courtman112,I run around and hack♥♥♥♥♥♥:).
,Recommended,447040,28596262,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Helix @ Road to kms,This game is everything the original watchdogs was meant to be and so much more.
76561198253632842,Recommended,447040,28106775,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Grouse,"1 of the best Ubisoft games ever made, i enjoy it all the time"
76561198179929073,Recommended,447040,28677232,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,STATIC_KAL,i really like this game!!!!
,Recommended,447040,29212982,Posted: 12 January,all,xx mop top xx,"Watch _Dogs 2 is a surprisingly good game. Watch_Dogs (1) was a mediocer game with a lot of flaws but Watch_Dogs 2 has a few issues, cars handle like crap, and a few minor issues but those are all quality of life issues with no major issues. The story is solid, the world feels lived in and alive. I recommend this game and it will probably be one I keep going back to."
,Recommended,447040,33078166,Posted: 1 July,all,_J_,It's really good.
76561198050359148,Recommended,447040,28111379,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,☢scout assassin ☢,i digyou dighe digshe digthey dignow its not a very beautiful poem but its quite deep
,Recommended,447040,28067662,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HairyGrenade,"Very well optimized, multiplayer and co-op works perfectly and the story is 10x better!"
,Recommended,447040,28086760,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Demz,This game is amazing! It has a GTAV feel to it but better. I love the fact that you can use a drone and a hopper to complete missions. Ulitmaely it is up to you on how you want to complete a mission wether it is loud or stealth. The graphics are amazing and the art in the game is really cool. It has plenty of side missions to complete and the story line is good too!
76561198293561427,Recommended,447040,28101941,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lumber Jack,I recommend this game to all of you
,Recommended,447040,28220898,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,🍁Yoo Bro🍁,"I just finish playedWATCH DOGS 2so i decided to write down my opinion on this gameStoryFirst Of All, If you compared the story to WD1 I must say WD1 story was the best and excited me. WD1 was so emotional and the story was so mysterious but still i enjoyed WD2 Story because ofWRENCHhe was the best character in the story line. Also WD2 wasn't too emotional but it was TOTALLY AMAZING. Dedsec make CTos as their ♥♥♥♥♥ again also the hacking was whole new level TBH. I LOVED IT <3 but still I love WD1 storyline compare to WD2....GameplayThe GAMEPLAY, WD2 gameplay is D.O.P.E... The stunt, the drones & etc2 and yeah the stealth was perfect... As UBISOFT promise the game has best stealth compare to WD1 also the gameplay changes alot in WD2. Example : you can now use your phone to take a selfie and post it on your social network to gain follower also gain abilities point to improve your skills. Not only that, you should find Key Data to unlock more skills which kinda more challenging for me.GraphicsThat's doesn't matter at all but yeah the GRAPHICS were cool with the amazing environment which I takes a minutes stop playing and started to enjoying the view of SAN FRANCISCO. What else you need ?OnlineSometimes it's annyoning when someone started to hack your data when you were roaming around the city. You've to take your drone and find him then kill him which kinda bored me but whenever I get bored I hack someone else xD.WELL that's all I can say on my own opinion. Also i would recommend Watch_Dogs2 to WD2 lovers out there.I would give a 8.6/10 because I give my 9/10 for Watch_Dogs1..."
,Recommended,447040,28224325,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PiddyVinny,"I really wish there was a middle thumb button cause I'm the fence with this game. The game looks great,the story is pretty fun to listen to and gameplay is linear at most, but nothing too complicated. However, the performance is very heavy. CPU wise anyways. I'd say, get it when the game is optimized a bit more to actually run the game at 60fps or higher, then I'd say the game is pretty worth. For now, I cannnot really recommend if you're a war-minged computer nerd who hates any game that runs lower than 60fps. I understand how you feel, but don't hate the game, hate the devs for not lookin into it."
76561198016764615,Recommended,447040,28089023,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vertsz,"Really suprised game runs smooth, no issues on a 1070 @1440p /144hz. Game is fun, game is huge! You won't be disappointed. (Only small issue with UPLAY service starting, quick google to download link re-installed and it was all go)"
76561198059558485,Recommended,447040,28091816,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MaxCeph,- First thing is soundtrack of this can not be ignored when some plays the game.- Graphics are best on pc version.
,Recommended,447040,28219724,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Nostrum,"I drove to a car dealership to buy one. I walked up to the front desk and instead of talking to the guy, I got on the motorcycle right next to him. It fired up and two sales guys ripped me off the bike and were threatening to beat me up. I pulled my gun out and pointed it in their faces. They backed off, and walked out of the dealership with everyone else. I didn't even take the motorcycle.10/10"
,Recommended,447040,28088974,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,blackjet5076,10/10 would commit cyber terrorism again
,Recommended,447040,28181656,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Degenius,Really amazing game!!. Alread done the main story by the way.
76561198080639958,Recommended,447040,28099767,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Warclainer,I loved watch dogs 1 but watch dogs 2 well clearet 1 of the Best games i've played and i've played over 300 games. Watch dogs 2 music lotte of good songs but Also some which ain't too good. Story don't realy think it got Any story more operations and i still as always love to see when the bad Guys get more and more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Action/hacking alot and Also some pretty hillarius hacking skills . Police r challenging and r both in Water air and land not like the first game where u could easily escape police in a boat well the game in a total 10/10 start to watch dogs 2
,Recommended,447040,28198980,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Tort,game is gud
,Recommended,447040,28235009,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TechInfinity,"Just 5 minutes into it and MIND = BLOWN!And, as you all know, epic optimization!"
76561198135603739,Recommended,447040,31299349,Posted: 22 April,all,Experium01,its a nice game
,Recommended,447040,28078514,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jef,"It's showing me a black screen when i start it up, i want a way to fix this please fix ubisoft, I only reccomend cause I heard it's hype."
76561198097641296,Recommended,447040,28161200,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,★SgtGang★,This game is overall amazing biggest improvement from watch dogs ever and it did not lie like watch dogs had previously and watch dogs 2 sure had a lot more things in the game and just needs to add some more stuff but overall amazing game I can't believe how fun this game was and it has an amazing story mode too.
76561198293707254,Not Recommended,447040,29659336,Posted: 2 February,all,AbstractIdiot,"I bought this game because I saw some youtubers I like play it. But after playing it myself, I realize its not as fun as it looks. I find the plot confusing, and I cant remember half the characters names. I would much rather play grand theft auto 5, which is much better. I was going to refund this, but ive played for too long. I find that unfair considering you cant decide if you hate the game untill about 5 hours of gameplay. All the hacking in the game is the same repetitive little puzzle. All the cars have terrible handling. Dont get me started on the horrible weapons. The cops are relentless in this game and i find it difficult to escape them. There isnt even a point in having cars in the game when you can teleport wherever with the quick travel option. Bottem line, dont buy this game."
76561198076282258,Recommended,447040,28200302,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,JX,"Awesome game, runs well to!! This is a vast improvement over the first game"
76561198130360243,Recommended,447040,28250980,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,militarypoem64,"bro, this gam is soooooooooooooo good,1.Haxs R better2. driving is impr0ved (like gta 5)3.mor customs to ur charactor, weapons and car (ie skins n♥♥♥♥♥♥4. multiplyer is more fun and not as♥♥♥♥♥♥like the 1st game.5. Story is good (not perfect butt go0d)6. puzzles got me stumped for some parts. (Cuz im a dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥This breks my ballls but this game is 80.15 Aud (60 uSD) 4 tha basic ♥♥♥♥♥ version.overall: If ur richie rich and dont mind the first game this i would recommeneded this game."
,Recommended,447040,28028051,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GardevoirChan,"Its better than 1, and I enjoyed 1.- Its Ubisoft aka minor EA. Expect bullsh*t DLC and Overuse of DRM."
,Recommended,447040,31459760,Posted: 30 April,all,Waldo did 711,8/10 It's fun but it's not like super fun.
,Recommended,447040,28712873,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DeSync,"(Please ignore my name and WD2 theme, I'm not a WD fanboy. I review this game based on my experience and compare it to previous WD game.)Ok, fist of all - let me start off by saying... WOW.The changes from the previous Watch_Dogs are huge. I will list the changes or things I enjoyed in the old fashioned way so it would be easier to see Pro's/Con's instead of reading a huge romance.LIKED SO FAR:- Performance, Fast Loading & Graphics (both PC and consoles are very well balanced and has no issues)- Good amount of new gadgets, hacking abilities (like manipulating world, vehicles etc.)- Jumper (RC car) and QuadroCopter (or whatever it was called, anyways a drone)- New characters (they give a lot more life into the game than Aiden did, and the DedSec crew was an amazing way to put more life into the game)- NPC's are like actual people (the world has literally a lot more life than from previous game, it makes you feel that you are in the living world)- New location San Francisco & fast travelling (sure it's not GTA size, but SF is a pretty nice city to cause havok)- Artwork and general graphical design (the way DedSec is represented is very nice and creative, it also makes you really feel that you are a crew of hackers that wants to change the world and save it from ""clans"" like Blume)- MP & COOP, side missions and main missions (so far I've enjoyed every mission)DISLIKED/NEEDS FIXING:- Driving (I felt it was a bit too ""toyish"", I mean the driving is off and needs fixing)- Hack Invasion (a preson that is hacking you can easily just climb on the roof and sit there while hacking you, there isn't really a way to get up to the roof as he will just manipulate the machines that could lift you up that high) - basically there isn't many ways you can protect yourself, and when the hacking is done you can't go after the person to kill him like in WD1 - at least I wasn't able to- Sometimes it's very hard to hack the actual thing/person you want as it aims to completly wrong things (not sure how to explain this but it's just there)- Not al store skins are included in Season Pass, which is really stupid - basically you get only some skins, but you would need to buy the Ultimate Skin pack to get all of them"
76561198124394677,Recommended,447040,30673162,Posted: 22 March,all,Donald Trump,Where are those emails?
,Recommended,447040,28131628,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[TiC] Hank_Hill.exe,"This game has taught me that in San Francisco, the highest amount you can be paid yearly is 180,000 and it's the kinkiest place in the world . Apparently everybody really likes searching for and going to BDSM parties.Good game tho"
,Recommended,447040,28060993,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Artemis,Saw a girl.Overheated their phone.Electrocuted them.11/10 would electrocute again.
76561198074419876,Recommended,447040,28121660,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nazi Boy,ملعونت والدين 10\10
,Recommended,447040,28734885,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DomOG ツ,I bought this game on Christmas Day with a £30 steam card that my sister bought me. I bought watch dogs on sale and I don't regret it. This game is non endless fun. You can hack and basically do anything.If you're into freeroam games then this is your game!I rate this game honestly a9.7/10The ending isI dont ♥♥♥♥ing know! I have only done a few missons and freeroam xD
76561198043663035,Recommended,447040,28310673,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Owl,yes
76561198016999799,Recommended,447040,28128002,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,maks3ds,"Great game! Bravo, Ubisoft!"
76561198262966073,Not Recommended,447040,28736812,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Squeaker Lord,"Well. this is sad but my PC had mroe then enough power to run this game, and yet the game crashes in every Cut Scene.Even on the lowest settings.If you are going to get this game make sure your PC is better then the Recomended tab and 10 times better then minimum."
76561197998031489,Recommended,447040,28076018,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kenneth,Watch_Dogs2 is trash.  I prefer Watch_Dogs two   It's wonderful :)
76561198211560401,Recommended,447040,33131725,Posted: 2 July,all,teseu,Review 102- After Watch dogs- I decided to buy the sequel- Plays game- Lag- Lag- Lag- Lag- Lag- Fixed- Enjoys Game9/10 I hate unoptimize games.
76561198140294826,Recommended,447040,32763056,Posted: 25 June,all,Mrs.Ciri,"The story really interesting , graphics very nice , I recommend buying it."
,Recommended,447040,28096732,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Joffrey Baratheon,It seems like Ubisoft has learnt a lession about downgrading! GOOD JOB Ubisoft!
,Recommended,447040,28097106,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bib,"Having played through the main campaign now, I feel like I should write an in depth review of this game.TL;DR This game is exceptional and I would highly recommend it.Story:The story in this game is amazing and fat superior to the original Watchdogs. Whilst a lot of games these days contain filler missions, this game does not. Every mission feels fun and purposeful. There is so much content outside of the main campaign to with countless side missions, social interactions and online play. Despite most of the missions having similar objectives (steal data, install virus etc.),all of these or done in such different settings. Some of my favourites include infiltrating the Nudle HQ and server farm, hacking the world's data centre from space and flying around the huge CTOS database as a mini drone.Characters:In this game everyone has a personality, Sitara is quite serious and rational, Marcus (the protagonist) is very likeable and laid back and Wrench and is very funny and charming. This is a huge improvement on the dull characters of the original Watchdogs.Graphics:This game looks beautiful and contains all of the great San Francisco landmarks like the Golden Gate Bridge. Despite some demanding scenes, I never experienced any drop in frame rate. Very well optimised.Multiplayer:Possibly this games best feature and vastly improved since the original Watchdogs, multiplayer adds hours of repeatability and fun to this game.In conclusion, this is one of my favourite games ever and I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,447040,29349671,Posted: 18 January,all,Battleboy43,"I've played this game to completion.Let me tell you, you will not be disappointed by this game.The ending is great in my opinion,and generally messing about with the open world is extremely fun.24 hours well spent to complete the game minus side missions, money, and research points.Dedsec has given you the truth, do what you will.JOIN US."
,Recommended,447040,28800791,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Almighty Sosa | CS.MONEY,I reccomend this to everyone looking for a single player to play. (Also has an amazing fun multiplayer)
,Recommended,447040,29588617,Posted: 30 January,all,SpartacGuy,"A well-made game which will give you a lot of pleasure by playing, it has a very cool gameplay, and the DLCs do not matter bacause most of them are skins and clothes. What i didnt like is the story, is too simple and not interesting, it could be better. But the simple story is conpesated by the gameplay. And other things i did not like are the weapon and vechicle physics.In case of weapons... well... its worse than in other games. And with the cars too, u can get angry with their unconfortable virages and unrealistic drifts. The NPCs are diverse with their own voice and animation, but they are stupid, u can hit one of them, and then dance and it will forget u just hit him... its stupid. Overall I recommend this game because it is interesting and its hard to get bored in it."
,Recommended,447040,28109449,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,6372776E6B6C6C72,"Loved the first, love the second.It improved on every aspect of the first did.Minor note: Multiplayer is a bit finnicky, but I have confidence they will  balance and iron out bugs. Since it is so minor, in my opinion, I still reccomend this game.Also, the story is masterfully crafted. Espcially as an upcoming IT professional, I understand some nods they make, even if you know nothing about I.T. You can still enjoy the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game."
,Recommended,447040,30743677,Posted: 25 March,all,peterthehusky,Free parking in San Francisco everywhere. Best game ever.
76561197969400393,Recommended,447040,30739305,Posted: 25 March,all,greedyhollow,greatest game ever
76561198069882696,Recommended,447040,30693023,Posted: 23 March,all,McLovenIt,"EARLY REVIEWJust barely diving into the game, but I'm already having fun. It's almost like a mix of GTA and Solid Snake. Vehicles have great controls that relate to many other games, and hacking into your environment is fun and helpful.....Cops chasing you??? just keep disabling traffic lights to creat havoc in the streets lol.  Look forward to investing several hours into this game and see everything that it has to offer."
,Not Recommended,447040,28847786,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,iDab,"Incredibly disappointing. The dialogue for every character is childish, unrehearsed, and painful to listen to. Truly saddened to see such a beautiful open-world environment ruined by repetitive animations, overused millennial bashing, uninspiring characters, a flat storyline, and weak gameplay mechanics. (The list goes on) I bought this game during the steam winter sale and got myself a refund. It only took me about 2 hours to realize how worthless this game is. 1/10Pro - San Francisco open-world is beautifulCons - The rest of the game"
,Recommended,447040,30759092,Posted: 26 March,all,Crebsy,The watch_dogs i wanted since day one-Amazing graphics-Fun Gameplay-Crazy fun multiplayer-Better than the first gameLove how this game doesn't take itself so seriously makes it wicked fun8/10 eat my drone
,Recommended,447040,28209194,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,lofasz,Massive!
76561198254815227,Recommended,447040,29941429,Posted: 15 February,all,PillowMage,"I never really write serious or amazing reviews on Steam, and I ussually just put crappy comments on games with some meme references, but I felt as if I needed to do this game justice in some way. A lot of the reviews for this game are just about how much better this game is over the last and how much better the graphics are or how good the car handling is, but they never really show this game for its well crafted story-- they don't do it justice, so I will. In short, the story purely is a piece of art that is perfect from every angle.The story is so good. At first it seems like a very bright and funny game that is just silly. But as the story develops, you start to see the characters undergo certain things that change them. Some examples are:when Horatio is harrased by another Nudle emplyee, and when Wrench loses his mask. All of these things are what develop each character. You get to see what it is like for them to do what they do for the knowledge of the public and the hardships they endure. Ubisoft took it even further than this and added audio files around the world of San Fran. I have managed to find audio files on the Auntie Shu Boy gang AND IT FRIKIN HAS ITS OWN BACKSTORY giving the world of San Fran-- even free roam, more depth and character.Now the characters themselves are pretty neat. Marcus is a really cool 80s movie kind of guy, but charcters like Josh who has autism and Miranda who is a transgender really do give the story more depth and more possibilities.The variety in character really do keep the story going as certain characters will bring some story aspects that you most likely won't find in a movie. Even the NPCs you find on the streets of San Fran are unique and each have their own story that you can uncover with the click of the middle mouse button.What I think is the best part of the story is the application to the real world. The story tells of crooked cops,stock market manipulation, spying on people inside of their homes, and even politians who bought out with money. Now I know the story is quite extreme compared to real life, but the similarities are quite apparently there. Playing this game made me question how much freedom and the rights I really have.This game is so good in terms of its story, and when you realize that this game's competition isn't the Witcher, then you wonder why other open world games don't have this great of a story."
,Recommended,447040,30486873,Posted: 13 March,all,WinJie,nothing less on this game....
76561198152352467,Recommended,447040,28281661,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,mavenikofficial,Watch dogs 2. excellent game better than GTA 5 .. awesome experience of hacking.Loved It.
,Recommended,447040,30921483,Posted: 3 April,all,Immrlai - Pls carry me,like i just said~JUST DO IT~~~
76561198218712883,Recommended,447040,30827161,Posted: 29 March,all,BlamedBubble0,Very great graphics and story.
,Recommended,447040,29231758,Posted: 13 January,all,Araol,"It's a good game, and thats all I can ask for at the moment considering almost every new game now is either broken or just trash. It works and it's fun."
76561198346239393,Recommended,447040,29258829,Posted: 14 January,all,Jourento,"Pretty cool game, I love all the hacking and options of the game. But could you make the cars break! Every time I try to stop and make a turn it just doesn't stop it keep on sliding into whatever is in front of me. This is really the only problem I have with his game. Over all great game!!!"
76561198164457700,Recommended,447040,28291948,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,VERSACE,This game is really funBetter parkour than the first oneBetter driving mechanicsMore places to go.10/10 best open world game
,Not Recommended,447040,28698926,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FunkyCheese,"In general, I didn't enjoy the game very much. There were some good things, there were (mostly) bad things, and there were some things that were just kind of there.Pros- Big Spider Mech you can control for a few minutes.- Stealth in the game is decent, but could have been done better.- San Francisco is pretty- Being able to call it ""Doggie_Daycare 2""Eh- The gunplay wasn't garbage, but it wasn't good either. It has basic elements, like the point and shoot aspect and reloading, but you can't shoot around corners, and that can and will screw you over once a job goes loud- Driving is kind of odd- Character customization could have definitely been better, going beyond tops, hats, shoes, etc.- Side Missions aren't very exciting, but they don't have to be, since they're side missions- Most missions are completable by driving around your RC jumper, making the game a bit more easy than it should be- SOME characters were pretty fun to have around, but most of them were just there to be there.Bad- No character development in the story, even when they had perfect opportunity to add some.- Not a lot of things are obviously explained, it throws you in with this band of hackers, and tells you ""Hey, that's the bad guy! Go get him, mindless player!""- This may be the reason not much was explained, but this game is a propaganda peice. I personally am against big brother and corruption, but this game was MADE to push this agenda. Some may disagree, but propaganda is propaganda."
76561198203011332,Recommended,447040,28693992,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,iamthys7ven,i want a refund on this game the framerate is terrible even with a highend graphics card. its poorly optimized and unplayable plus the multiplayer got taken down due to lag issues id wait to buy it if i were you too bad i made the purchase on christmas im waiting to get my money back now
76561198144633541,Recommended,447040,28914763,Posted: 1 January,all,Locke ツ -iwnl-,All you need to know is that the game is tagged illuminati
76561198116355282,Recommended,447040,33240581,Posted: 4 July,all,LoneWolf,my god this game is amazing this is like a hope new version of the normal watch dogs the controls doh are dif from normal watch dogs doh im used to Q being the hack button but i changed itubisfot you keep making good games and the soundtrack is amazing i really loved spider tank coming back sad we can only use it dere doh but still SPIDER TANK i hope watch dogs 3 if there is a 3rd watch dogs id like to see aiden marcus or that come back and maybe even digital trips like spider tank or maybe revist chicago sry if i miss spelled that but still good game ubisoft keep on making good games
,Recommended,447040,29287344,Posted: 15 January,all,THICC BOI,lol
,Recommended,447040,28084283,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,I Like Turtles!,10/10 Would get called a hacker by AI again
76561197985234249,Recommended,447040,33246720,Posted: 4 July,all,Deckin,Never been more pleasantly surprised with a Ubisoft game.Great story. Characters are actually interesting and really keeps you wanting to unravel more of it.So many more good things but I'm to lazy to type it all out. 5/7 for sure buy.
,Recommended,447040,30404449,Posted: 8 March,all,RYDEEN,buy only for single
76561198339069126,Recommended,447040,33262652,Posted: 4 July,all,samgene033115,awesome
76561198169851866,Recommended,447040,33325052,Posted: 6 July,all,✪ Smarmyodin791,Radio (only in car)-7.5/10 The radio in the car is OK but i will say that it needs more like pop and rap/hiphop and the rap/hiphop is like the only good one I THINK.Story-10/10 Realy ♥♥♥♥ing golden. It is REALY much better then the first one. Wrench and marcus is my fav.Combat-6.5/10 Its realy donky and the AI is not that hard. Its like first game but better in some way is cant explain.Gameplay-9.5/10 I love the game dude but the robots are good but i think  the police and the AI maybe is litel bit♥♥♥♥♥♥but its still SOO ♥♥♥♥ING FUN!!!Stealth-9/10 Its REALY much better then the first game and its soo good like this is a  top 3 stealth game in 2016.Overall-10/10 ITS GOLDEN BUY IT NOW!
76561198326153078,Recommended,447040,32308898,Posted: 9 June,all,jatiahemann,amazing game amazing story line buy it now
,Recommended,447040,33314652,Posted: 6 July,all,✪ PotatoNerd,"gud game.makes you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥yoursefl,But at the same time makes ypu want to ♥♥♥♥ yourself because of the amaizing graphics.In the point of view of 2017 this is beter than gta5.#ripmods"
,Recommended,447040,29236051,Posted: 13 January,all,Pokabou,Its very fun to run around and hack stuff. Story is ok enough but overall a very fun game
76561198144493711,Recommended,447040,28294096,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ThingOnFire.,Yes.Better Than The First One.
76561198195207917,Recommended,447040,32157899,Posted: 3 June,all,Gay Pedophile22,"first of all the game was 39.99 before when it was on preorder, why in the world would the rise the price. it's utter stupid. i don't understand why all these new games such as cod, far cry 5 and other games are priced higher. if you guys would like a better deal i recommend cdkeys, for example dead rising 4 is 10.00. now onto the game. yes i download games so thats why i have hardly played it on steam but the game is truly awesome. the graphics are great although i havn't seen an open world beat gta v's cars it's pretty could overhaul. the story is a little complicated at times but personally i found this game pretty dank and spicy so if it werent for the steam price i would recommend it!For those who hated Watch Dogs 1, you'll probably love this a lot more. the car handling is better and it's not as grey. personally i prefered the previous game but games still great."
,Recommended,447040,28211290,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Zeateh,"One of the best games that I've played in while. Great story line and the location is pretty accurate (I'd know, I live 10 miles from SF)."
,Recommended,447040,32219409,Posted: 6 June,all,Nuck Chorris,"Hi! I bought WD2GE for not too long ago, probably one or two weeks. Eventually, i downloaded it and tried to play the game. Somehow, I just could not launch into the game and it was just showing the splash screen only for several seconds then stopped the game. So, I searched for the solution and found out about EAC, I used it and it showed the uplay. I logged in and then it asked for the activation key. Confusing caused in the library it does not shows the activation key for the game. So anybody can help, i would be very grateful caused I used a lot of money and effort for the game."
76561198246531234,Recommended,447040,28984680,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr.Енот✔™,офигеная игра всем советую
,Recommended,447040,31985209,Posted: 26 May,all,Shamlock,7 cats made of cheese having a big♥♥♥♥♥rave
,Recommended,447040,30066817,Posted: 20 February,all,Big Pep,gud hax
,Recommended,447040,28108315,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,BEST.GAME.2016
76561198152940137,Recommended,447040,31947572,Posted: 25 May,all,Ervin ;),You cant hate this game its so good and so similar to Grand Theft Auto V but its much buter i love to play this game
,Recommended,447040,28759947,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Panda ChuChu,This game is awesome i cant stop playing <3
,Recommended,447040,32213053,Posted: 5 June,all,MaxiJonson,You can actually watch dogs!
76561198090874559,Not Recommended,447040,30411296,Posted: 9 March,all,HGKing22,"The game, despite being acclaimed for improving on the original Watch Dogs formula, still feels very generic and overall it lacks polish, it's true that you can get to your objectives in multiple ways, but none of them feel deep (stealth is very basic and gunplay is pretty choppy), and the driving physics, don't even get me started on that.As for graphics, the game looks average at best, and performance is really terrible (despite fitting into the recommended requirements at low settings I still get drops below 60fps).Overall, I'd say it's not worth your money, or your time either"
76561198234444100,Recommended,447040,28715357,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr. JC,Best Game Ever!!!!!
,Recommended,447040,28076794,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DucreuxMeme,"Finally, a good pc port"
76561198044895401,Recommended,447040,28076813,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,atjo87,One of the finest PC Port in recent memory.Kudos UBIEDIT:// Completed game all Main and Side missions with few online Co-op......game is good overall however third act was weak and level design progression felt lazy.
76561197983845460,Recommended,447040,28077437,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,0uts1der-,"Ubisoft MTL my oh my are they going strong with this release, and i'm only at the title screen !"
,Recommended,447040,28080305,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,cutterchaz,"It's pretty good, the occasional framedrop on a GTX 970 when playing on high at 1920x1080 but that's to be expected in all fairness. Once I get my new build next year with a 1080 and a high end i7, I'm hoping for nothing but 60fps."
76561198107035007,Recommended,447040,30617906,Posted: 19 March,all,minimati,"Watch_Dogs 2 is the successor to the massive ♥♥♥♥ up which is Watch_Dogs one. Eventhough I personally enjoyed WD1 several people didn't, due to the hype train ruining another game. WD2 takes a completely different approach to a hackers life. WD2 is set in sunny San Fransisco, and the City looks great. Exploring areas like the Golden gate bridge and silicon valley the whole place looks beautiful. The references to real life companies can be found anywhere and make the game more relatable such as the Google copy Noodle. The asthetics have greatly improved on WD1 and you can clearly see that the creators didn't try to BS people out of their money by showing footage way better than the actual game.The game has several ways that it can be played. There can be the stealthy way of sliding past your opponents, going in directly RAMBO style, or hacking your way past by distracting the guards, I found that a combination of the three clearly the most fun way to play.The driving mechanics are meh (when I say meh I mean good but play GTA V after and you can see the difference), the car sounds are meh and the cars get damaged for no apparent reason. (If you drive for long enough your car will get scratches even if you dont crash and this can be frustrating when you find a nice car and want to keep it in good condition.The game plays quite well and I was surprised because Ubisoft said: ""oh yea and he does parkour"" I thought oh boy great. More falling off building every time I try to walk ON FU**ING STAIRS JESUS CHRISTTTTTTTTTT. However, the parkour was enjoyable, and looked very smooth when run on my rig (i5 6600k and MSI Gaming X GTX 1070).NOW UBISOFT THERES ONE THING YOU SHOULD NEVER DO----------------------------------------------------------------Put multiplayer elements into a single player game, and then not have a setting to turn them off. I understand that several people will enjoy the fact that you can be driving, and then some online C*** STARTS HACKING YOU AND YOU NEED TO FIND HIM IN THE TIME PERIOD, AND HES IN TEH GREEN CIRCLE OMGGGG RUSHBBBBBB. yes i get the idea. HOWEVER, every single FU**ING TIME the person just end up shooting everyone withing a 50 m radius and it gets boring,.. In adittion to this, it takes away from the story. I enjoyed the story (more on that later) but each time I had to stop for one of these side mission thingies, it put the story on hault, but I just wanted to keep on playing the story so pleasse let me finsih teh game :((((((((((((The plot was okay, the other hackers you need to talk to for half the game are interesting, and you even get to do a limited amount of missions with them, to finsih the game. I think we can all agree that Wrench is by far the most interesting and coolest character. And yes I know that WD1 got lots of drama from newspapers due to some black representation issues, and let me say, Marcus is the perfect fix. However, I dont believe its justified to put a token black guy in a game as a result of bad publicity. Continuing with the review however, Marcus seems like his perfectly adjusted and designed to be the lead character in teh game.In terms of teh motivation adn other factors, I feel like this game made the story less dramatic. I mean the first game they murder your niece, this one they place crimes on you because youre a hacker and they suspect that you are going to commit a crime so you decide to get TRIGGERED.To sum it up in a sentence:Its not like pie. Because it is a massive improvement from WD1, but its taken some of the things that were better about WD1 out. Its like making a pie, putting strawberries and marmelade in there. People like the strawberries but not the marmelade so you take everything out (FFS UBISOFT) and you put blueberries. Im sorry i know that sounds ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its about 12:00 on a Sunday and I should be sleeping.However I am going to recomennd the game as it is a big improvement, it looks good, the story is interesting and the plays well. Lets just pray that for WD3 Ubisoft takes the good out of 1 and 2 and adds some more. If they do that they will have a game to compete with GTA imo.DEFINEATLY WOULD PLAY AGAIN AND EVERYONE SHOULD GIVE A TRY!!!! :)8.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,29429379,Posted: 22 January,all,Buddyno♥Timka♥,I Really enjoy this game.I complete this game and i can say its awesome game for that money.+graphics+soundtrack+athmosfere+great characters+awesome missions not only main missions but also side missions and coop missions+cool coopLittle minus is you need better PC.I complete this game but i dont stop play this game because for me this game is really good.I recommend this game for you ;).I give this game 9/10.
,Recommended,447040,32351500,Posted: 11 June,all,SonY,Wallah this game super good but it's complicated.
,Not Recommended,447040,28812749,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DarkSpaceCEO,"Watch_Dogs 2 continues the Ubisoft™ tradition of unceremoniously taking a big fat steamy **** on the PC community in every way that comes to mind. The new GTX 1070 cannot achieve 60fps with antialiasing. If i am not mistaken, it would seem Watch Dogs 2 is running on the same or a similar engine to the original game, which had similar issues with optimization itself. This go around, ******** on the port was not enough to satisfy Ubisoft's™ anti-pc fetish, they also thought they would follow through with satisfying themselves with a screen-capturing spyware in a game that is literally about ""big brother"" and ""big data"", it's not just ironic but it is insulting. They knew absolutely what it was and what they were doing when they made the decision to include this software.F*** BlumeAnd F*** Ubisoft™"
76561198320495042,Recommended,447040,28117084,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,大马的bluecai,I really recommend you to try out this game!!Why? Beachside you canHackKillRunFlyShipDie
,Recommended,447040,28147822,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,fl00blab,This game! It's better than GTAV as an open world game! UBIsoft has also managed to optimize this game to a tee. Just wow!
,Recommended,447040,28158485,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,goldrat1,"I rate Watch_Dogs 2 a strong 9.5/10Pros:- Great PC optimisation- No graphics downgrade- Good storyline, great characters (especially Wrench), great missions- None of that tower BS from the other game- Every car drives differently- More hacking objects and more hacking options- More freedom of choice in gameplay (missions)- Open-World- Seamless multiplayerCons:- I'm bad at multiplayer- I'm bad at multiplayer- I'm like so bad at multiplayer- The only actual con that I can think of is that even with an awesome laptop setup I still can't seem to get a stable frame rate*. Sometimes I get 60FPS, sometimes 40, sometimes 15. Never below 15. It doesn't really mind me 'cause I'm used to♥♥♥♥♥♥frame rates but it does get a little annoying after a while.* Though keep in mind, this is withEVERYTHINGset to ULTRA. It's still really well optimised. If I duck the graphics down a bit it gets a solid 60FPS."
,Recommended,447040,28487308,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,LEZIOZ,Overall it's better than the first watch dogs... ^^Nice work Ubisoft...
76561198184407677,Recommended,447040,29298540,Posted: 16 January,all,SWIV,"Ill have to say I played the first one on xb 360 and didnt think it was as bad as the hate it received. That being said, WD2 takes it to a new level. The story is there for purpose but fails to really draw me in. Where it shines is the gameplay. Driving around SF is a blast and trying to outrun police and hunters, gives me a good challenge. Its even better with a partner to do a bit of sabatoge while you drive. Theres a good amount of story missions and side missions too. All in all I would give this game 8/10. Its not perfect but you will not be bored of things to do."
,Recommended,447040,28721005,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,itsozbub,"Super fun game, didn't know what to expect going into it. Needs a little bit of optimization but other than that, one of my favorite games so far."
,Recommended,447040,28924769,Posted: 1 January,all,mutecipher,"ProsImproved gameplay over WD1Improved characters over WD1 (though cringeworthy moments are abundant)Controlling the spider mechs from WD1Multiple ways to play through (never felt forced into gun fights)ConsFelt a little short compared to what I was expectingFinale was a little lacklusterTLDR;If you liked the first, you'll enjoy this. If you haven't tried the first, you may be a little lost on story but it's not entirely connected (character wise). Overall, I thought it was a fun game."
,Recommended,447040,28926163,Posted: 1 January,all,AshthePriest,gucci mane
,Recommended,447040,28990060,Posted: 3 January,all,Grimmen,"This game is actually great for being made by ubisoft nice features good mechanics, decent but short story. Some bad things is that the game can crash randomly, it has happened to like 7 times otherwise the game is great."
,Recommended,447040,28925228,Posted: 1 January,all,Sime,Its just as the trailer shows fun as f!
,Recommended,447040,28540011,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ryo_Raiser,The game was awesome but the story mode/main operations felt a little too short compared to the first game.
,Recommended,447040,29299194,Posted: 16 January,all,teja.g14,"its a really good game,way better than the first one"
,Recommended,447040,28270355,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,minum,"Must have!Yeah, city feels flat and cars still not like in Forzamotorsport. But this game is not about it. I think this game more like Deus Ex with open world. And this is cool!"
,Recommended,447040,28279608,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,GODSER1.COM,GG
76561198112082979,Recommended,447040,29541276,Posted: 28 January,all,Dan,"Watch_Dogs 2 is a very fun open world, hacking game and a huge improvement on the medicore Watch_Dogs, it has a fun world to explore, lots of side missions and activites. such as go-kart racing, being an uber driver and taking selfies in front of mouments and interesting people, which is suprisingly fun and rewarding to hunt down all the areas to take pictures, and really encourages you to explore San Franisco in all it' s glory. The hacking is very enjoyable to use, with abilities such as calling a gang on someone calling the police on someone remote controlling vechicles, distracting them with their phones and many more all fully upgradable witch you can use anytime, be it in missions to your advangtage to overthrow corruption and using power to control people or just to annoy NPCs as they try to live their lives. The story is fun and interesting and is very well writen with charming characters and humor, and the main missions are varied and very fun allowing you to play in different ways such as, stealth (either lethal or non lethal), guns blazing (there is a tazer so, I guess it can be non lethal), using hacking to never enter the building (either lethal or non lethal ) or a mixture of all of them. If you want a twist on an open world action game which is very fun or just played the first game and thought it had poteintal I would recommed this game for you, but if you are spectical about this game after the first and are not sure I would recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198067198869,Recommended,447040,29033108,Posted: 5 January,all,Monkey Mouth,"Overall, an interesting game 6/10.The graphics are pretty good and the feel of the city is great. However, the vehicle handling is poor and heavy, and the story is a bit dreary, with too many repetative missions.However, the worst part, by a mile, is the Political Correctness. It feels forced and disingenuous - I don't want to hear about the plight of being black in a majority white location because it's not relevant as no one, in real life, cares about who is around you. It feels almost like an attempt to segregate - we're black, they're white as opposed to reality in which no one cares."
76561198186486482,Not Recommended,447040,29680594,Posted: 3 February,all,Gabriel,"Not the game for me but has awesome online coop/pvp experience. However the missions are limited, once played through there is not much left in the game. The shooting felt alright but not near as good as far cry series. The whole ""hacker superhero"" theme is childish."
,Recommended,447040,28033729,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,inven221,"buy it, now"
,Not Recommended,447040,29413354,Posted: 21 January,all,Tampa Powers,It's just all around bad. Can't get it to run properly and look decent at the same time. The low framerate and bad lagspikes make it impossible to play properly and without a controller it breaks your fingers. How this gets good reviews is beyond me.
,Recommended,447040,28152354,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Terry Kaffarov,"The game is great,has some minor issues but,its worth the cash,awesome story,gameplay,world"
76561197991538548,Not Recommended,447040,28398825,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Skunks,Since last update lots of crashes.  Cant play the game as it locks up so often.  It starts then plays for 15 min or an hour then hard lockup and either have to reboot the pc or try and kill process from task manager.  Its a fun game when it works the question is when will it work..........
76561198046839444,Not Recommended,447040,28806932,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TF150,Fun and ... kinda enjoyable gameplay... BUT NOT ... worth the price tag... almost the same price tag as the last disaster watch dogs 1 was.... Keep your money... and buy a diffrent game :) NOT... Worth £40(Point of view after refunding)
,Not Recommended,447040,28696926,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ghatroth,uplay
76561198026399399,Recommended,447040,28731296,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bio Drando,You can pet dogs 8/10
76561198077780380,Recommended,447040,28835789,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,getupkid10,nice improvement over the first one
,Recommended,447040,28843506,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mrcrpz01,9/10 Optimized Beauty
76561198155505592,Recommended,447040,28109573,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kenateli,Best game I've played so far
,Recommended,447040,28158555,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MasterEnderGaming,Hi I am a Watch Dogs Fan and I think this is a great game. The only problem is that there are just too realistic stuff. I wish that there is a option to remove not important particles like leaves on a car. This has cause my game to lag due to me low end gaming laptop. I do recommend this game!
,Recommended,447040,29573694,Posted: 29 January,all,Exists,love it
,Recommended,447040,29659425,Posted: 2 February,all,slowpoke,"I loved it, I can't believe Ubisoft finally made a good game! The season pack isn't really worth it unless you like skins and stuff, at least until they release a story DLC or something.Really good game, I've had a great time playing it :D"
,Recommended,447040,29749656,Posted: 6 February,all,rick hunter,What good game love playing it
,Not Recommended,447040,29168477,Posted: 10 January,all,Boom,Haven't cringed this hard while playing a video game before. Refund button works fine.
76561198298619419,Recommended,447040,31165801,Posted: 15 April,all,andreas,"IMO, Compared to the last one this game is amazing, there is so repetition to the extent where you just quit playing, the game is always spicing it with new things to do that are really interesting and fun. And it is a challenge to any playstyles wherever they be a person to like to play stealthly or loud."
,Recommended,447040,28704787,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ekrah,It's ok
,Recommended,447040,30211657,Posted: 26 February,all,Goyang,잘만듬. ㅆㅅㅌㅊworth buying. GET IT NOW
,Recommended,447040,28580046,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Overclocked47™,"very well optimized and engaging, might seem a little repetitive but each mission has its own fun reaction from various NPCs. Way better than the prequel"
76561197998262068,Not Recommended,447040,31026952,Posted: 8 April,all,stevenbrianp,I haven't played much because they force you into a GTA style of play early on in the game.  Controls are horrible and it just isn't fun.
,Recommended,447040,29327490,Posted: 17 January,all,Mump Stump,"Took me 19 Hours To beat The Game could of beat it faster if I played it non stop, The Games Fun but it Needs A Longer Story"
,Recommended,447040,28719221,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"Mantis Toboggan, M.D","As someone who was wary of the sequel to what can only be described as one of gamings most dissapointing releases, I was pleasantly suprised at Watch_Dogs 2 and all it has to offer. The world is colourful and vibrant, and most importantly feels alive. Hidden with hundreds of secrets and places to explore this is truly a great gaming experience which is worth the money; especially during the sale. This game runs suprisingly smooth on my fx-8350, 8gb of ram, and r9 380 (4gb), averaging about 30fps at almost max settings, with drops to around 24 when entering san francisco, and highs of around 45 in the surrounding areas. As someone who gets bored of games very quickly; I suprise myself in saying I'm eager to play more and will almost definitely be investing more time and money into the season pass if it drops in price to sub £25.Also nudity- 11/10 best game ever."
76561198041266485,Not Recommended,447040,30101917,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr.KK,the first one is a much better game. This game is not as exciting or thrilling as the first one. But you can still have some dscent fun.
,Not Recommended,447040,30627099,Posted: 19 March,all,mzmz,"personally thinks that first game is better, multiplayer only has a few missions while the rest is just repetitive which is boring as hell. lag occurs sometimes too."
76561198274280130,Recommended,447040,31311280,Posted: 22 April,all,Wisard,this game is way better than watchdogs 1
76561198222134964,Recommended,447040,28279597,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,archergoblin231,I just finished the game today and I have to say good job. The story was great and the driving was perfect. I would really reccomend this game. But even at 5 stars the police are to easy and I'm playing on normal mode
76561198220067443,Recommended,447040,29083037,Posted: 7 January,all,syahmohd05,why this game crush?♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,447040,28774539,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KamilWac,Best uber Simulator I ever  played!!
76561198100332172,Recommended,447040,29838397,Posted: 10 February,all,philly cheese steak,"I never played Watch Dogs 1, but from watching YouTube videos I can tell that this game is so much better. The colors feel more vivid, it's not dark and gloomy like Watch Dogs 1. The whole atmosphere of the game just feels happier. Also, you can go on rampages. Maybe not so much as in games like Grand Theft Auto V, but if you need to satisfy your psychotic needs while also satisfying your dream of hacking people, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,447040,29827577,Posted: 10 February,all,GhoST_SighT,Awesome Game
,Recommended,447040,28732919,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[TDG] G̶l̶i͞tc̨h͡,I went in sceptical and have been pleasantly suprised.
76561198283043118,Recommended,447040,29224784,Posted: 13 January,all,Blueballs,this is an awesome game but less thrilling story tho..
,Recommended,447040,28310383,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,fat rat,the story was good
,Recommended,447040,28049111,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zyron,"Silky smooth, great gameplay, somewhat interesting story and a must have!"
76561198391155500,Recommended,447040,33383731,Posted: 8 July,all,Lucky Luke,Funny game and it runs really great even tho i dont have such a good pc.Overall its really fun to free roam but the story is not that goodA nice game to play with friends
76561198150004361,Recommended,447040,29368516,Posted: 19 January,all,banananinja,it was lagy but i know it is a good game
76561198113998353,Recommended,447040,28108484,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr. Mufasi,"Fun game, great port, no E3 lies, cant ask for much more"
76561198117342640,Recommended,447040,28108767,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,kILL_bEtTeR,Pure awesomeness
,Not Recommended,447040,29451679,Posted: 23 January,all,nightshade780,"game is fun if you plan to play by yourself. Do NOT bother if you want to play online. Currently plagued with Anti cheat bug that says "" anti cheat is not installed multiplayer is disabled "" So there for no co op, invasions or anything to do with online play.It is very spotty sometimes it works, sometimes it does not and you have to do 20+ restarts to get the anti cheat to finally work if that.Then all support says is restart your game and then directs you to contact their support instead of addressing the issue or fixing it.All this is mute as players seem to have found a way to bypass it since the few times I get to go online and get it to work players seem to instantly know where you are at immediately and somehow can eject you from your car.I do not recomend this tittle at this point untill the anti cheat issue iss addressed and the cheating is addressed."
76561198040017592,Recommended,447040,28725471,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✯A.Ü.M✯,So far so good!Hacking is more flexible than in the first game i love itthis game have a good sense of humor
,Recommended,447040,29288795,Posted: 15 January,all,emulaton,has beautiful graphics and pretty awesome story
,Recommended,447040,31242360,Posted: 19 April,all,he,SO AWESOME!!!The new multiplayer is awesome too...The two times ive been able to get into a match...
,Recommended,447040,31260297,Posted: 20 April,all,a_r_n_a_s,Well I played this game enough I think atleast I finished the story so yea I really liked the game so far with these new updates its even more fun so yea I would recommend it.
76561198197354238,Recommended,447040,33731774,Posted: 22 July,all,let's play gaming,Great game i like it alot it was sad to finish game but i still can play online with friends
76561198091647395,Recommended,447040,28950409,Posted: 2 January,all,Oh yeah,Ubisoft made this?
76561198271423967,Recommended,447040,32705391,Posted: 23 June,all,Pugin94,"Watch_Dogs 2 has amazing characters, a fun story, great graphics, and a vast open world with many types of random events that can trigger. I was surprised how alive the city felt when I was exploring the open world. I once found a female NPC beating a car with a baseball bat while she was screaming about how her boyfriend was a ♥♥♥♥♥.There is a lot of stuff to do in the open world. One of my favorties is calling in gang hits on random pedestrians, and then proceeding to call gang hits on the officers who show up at the crime scene (leading to unlimited chaos)."
,Recommended,447040,32849936,Posted: 27 June,all,_Shad0w9278_,hacker man 8/10
,Recommended,447040,32873845,Posted: 27 June,all,Toffe {bmw},"First of all, I never played version 1.After 10 hours, I can already say some things about the game.- Fantastic ""hacking"" of the environment and everything that is moving. Absolute awesome that you can do so much stuff in this game.- Major world, the world is big, well made contains pretty much everything you would expect.- The interactive world is awesome, everything you see can be crushed or destroyed. This adds in a real world experience.- The online/coop/singleplayer combination is seamless, even if you don't want it you can just ignore it or turn it off. No annoying disconnects or slowdowns because it's single/multiplayer in one!To sum up: Really nice game, special nice for your money. Absolute nice when you like to freeroam as well, and if you like doing sidemissions besides the main singleplayer story as well."
,Recommended,447040,32893696,Posted: 27 June,all,Beta,VERY VERY VERY GOOOD GAMEE!!!!!
76561198110699207,Recommended,447040,33013032,Posted: 29 June,all,SiegeGod,Great game but yet to see what it is like on PC. Just like GTA V pretty much but with amazing hacking features.
,Recommended,447040,33022817,Posted: 29 June,all,HexKo,great game.
,Recommended,447040,32687756,Posted: 23 June,all,Y4kuzaishi,better than 1st part
,Recommended,447040,33026876,Posted: 30 June,all,meh,"So much to do, 3 hours in and I feel like I am still in tutorial mode, learning new things.That's the best part about games, not knowing what you're doing at first, yet doing LOTS of it."
76561198083333102,Recommended,447040,33027315,Posted: 30 June,all,sonic,"I took a selfie with a grandpa,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a dog and got shot by a guard, stole a car from a car shop, hacked korea, rode a giant spider, made robots dance in the first 2 hours of the game, it's good."
76561198113070883,Not Recommended,447040,31935623,Posted: 24 May,all,catbug,the game is fun but runs pretty bad
,Recommended,447040,32691861,Posted: 23 June,all,GoodLake,With only about a couple hours in I already know it's a good game.
,Recommended,447040,32732426,Posted: 24 June,all,K1N3T1C,"Its a good game, but the only good part is the campaign though, the multiplayer is fun, just you wont be be putting hundreds of hours in."
,Recommended,447040,32774656,Posted: 25 June,all,Nite Hare,NIce gameplay but no good story or whatsoever. Watch_Dogs 2 is a wonderfully colorfull game compared to the previous installment.
76561198059394704,Not Recommended,447040,32818432,Posted: 26 June,all,thats_right_its_me_luck,I got the gold edition of this game and what not and I love most of it. The problem is when free roaming or going to any mission it always puts me into a random multiplayer event even when its disabled. It is very annoying and last up to 10 minutes and if I quit it puts me into another multiplayer match.
,Recommended,447040,32819917,Posted: 26 June,all,Flexicute your Thot,Gud. but got boring after a while. driving feels wonky too.
,Recommended,447040,32821057,Posted: 26 June,all,srsasquatchftw,"Having played this game for over 200 hours, you can most likely tell that I like this game. The story is really good, andI actually felt emotional connections to the characters in this game (Unlike in WD1). The multiplayer is incredible, and the servers don't crap out every twelve seconds, so that's a plus. Parkouring around San Francisco and hacking unsuspecting players has made me love this game more than I thought I could love a game. The only problem I've ever encountered is that sometime's I'll get stuck in a truck, unable to move or get out, and have to suicide.9.9/10 would hack again"
,Recommended,447040,32948297,Posted: 28 June,all,HellsHero36,the little jokes hidden in scans are great
,Recommended,447040,33032714,Posted: 30 June,all,elementstormx,+Good Story+Online+Characters+DLCS+Missions+Graphics+Weapons-Really Bad Optimization-Gets Bored Quickly
,Recommended,447040,33037691,Posted: 30 June,all,Lhorizon,meh
76561198211059655,Recommended,447040,33051436,Posted: 30 June,all,samee.usmani,"so a lot of people are complainng about the game not booting up, i googled the issue and eventually i downloaded the previous driver (382.53 for windows 10 64 bit) and the game booted up with no crash or black screen. so far so good.. i recommend going to the nvidia website and downloading the previous driver if you have updated to 384.76.the game has booted up for me since, i have gone through the menu settings and everything is working fine! hope this game is good like everyone says it is! will update review once i have played quite a bit!"
,Recommended,447040,33068200,Posted: 30 June,all,tehmass™,wewwwwwwwt some badass fun who doesnt love to hack
,Recommended,447040,32701317,Posted: 23 June,all,Opz,GOOOOOOOOOD GAME
76561198195115891,Recommended,447040,32893692,Posted: 27 June,all,Ervo,this game is awesome but i dont have money to buy the DLC hahahaha please pray  XD
,Recommended,447040,33000216,Posted: 29 June,all,torrija,"I must admit it... this game is getting better by the moment. The DLCs were no much deal (I could say they were bad, but they were decent), but the devs seem to care about the game and its community (there's very few Ubisoft games in which this happens, ex. Rainbow Six Siege)."
76561198327855528,Recommended,447040,33017968,Posted: 29 June,all,✪h0pe -iwnl-,.
76561198162156816,Recommended,447040,33033998,Posted: 30 June,all,Godfather,"Although the story might be a bit less interesting comparing to other open world games, it's still a fun game to play. I enjoyed all the missions and hacking stuffs. The radio soundtracks are kinda repetitive."
76561198170540623,Recommended,447040,33280530,Posted: 5 July,all,kesav495,Easily one of the best games out there right now!Loved playing it
,Recommended,447040,29394984,Posted: 21 January,all,Tabit,Still better than GTA. Although GTA sill got better cars and driving mechanics.
76561198127694794,Recommended,447040,33276041,Posted: 5 July,all,RAZ3RLIF3,best game ever then WD 1 ^^
76561198099979775,Recommended,447040,33778406,Posted: 24 July,all,Damn-dees-lions,I LOVE THIS DAMN GAME FRICKEN BUY IT
,Recommended,447040,31229160,Posted: 18 April,all,CaptainWexs,"Its a good game I recommend it my pc is not the best at running it, but it is fun.EDIT: I mean't what I said above and I would love to go into more detail on why I love it and why I don't. The game itself is great, the concept is amazing the and things you can unlock can make it 10xs better. I don't like how you can only have 2 guys patrolling the world together. I get it's a small map and having more than 2 could mess things up. But having 5 friends who have the game make it hard to choose what we should do. The hacking upgrades are awesome and can shut the cops down instantly and offer an amazing escape. The guns are entertaining to use and the stealth is fun to mess around with. I do love the game like all games I review, and recommend it whole heartedly. I hope this review tipped your opinion on whether  to buy it or not. :3"
76561198064325693,Not Recommended,447040,29599096,Posted: 30 January,all,C97,disliked game
,Recommended,447040,29125903,Posted: 8 January,all,FilurFisch,good
76561198055217012,Recommended,447040,32466862,Posted: 16 June,all,Uncombustible Lemon,"Excellent plot, gameplay and atmosphere. The world is incredibly immersive and really interesting, with every part of the map very detailed. A little bit easy to complete with quicksaving but you can definitely challenge yourself here. Very satisfying stealth and I guess the combat is ok too. Highly recommended, especially on sale."
76561198148818494,Recommended,447040,32491019,Posted: 16 June,all,MomsPye,"better than the first but still not as good as it the franchise could be. This series still has tons of potential. With more fleshed out characters, less cringey moments, and some more hudson mohawke style music with better optimization the 3rd installment of this series could be amazing, but we shall see."
,Recommended,447040,33419066,Posted: 9 July,all,Stock Image,This game has very diverse missions that never leave you wanting more.
,Recommended,447040,33680715,Posted: 20 July,all,corporal,Surprisingly good storyline
76561198165017284,Recommended,447040,33414732,Posted: 9 July,all,Perry,excellent game
,Recommended,447040,33434055,Posted: 10 July,all,SaDemo,The game is great fun;I would reccomend this game to anyone who is looking for a good open-world ish game which is still more focused on a good campaign. The story is very well structured and there is good content. The game is fun with many side missions and great main operations.The only complaint I have about the game is that the driving system is not very good. The driving is not very well designed and controlling is difficult.
76561198082559937,Recommended,447040,29122437,Posted: 8 January,all,jordmoz,"Far better than the original and a considerable about of content on offer. Much improved mechanics, a far more likeable protagonist and a beautiful setting make Watchdogs 2 a game that is very much worth your attention. Some repetitive mission design aside, this is a great play."
,Recommended,447040,32419084,Posted: 14 June,all,Ho1low,"I decided to take my time with this game and I just finished the main story along with all the side missions and I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it. The world is absolutely beautiful and I can run it on high/ultra settings with no frame drops on a gtx 970, all the little things really impressed me Ex. the leaves falling on cars from trees hanging over them. The mission variety is amazing you always feel like your doing something different and some of the endings to those missions are badass, in one of the missions you zipline off a skyscraper or you can drive a car out of the window and crash it 40 foors to the ground. I also enjoyed the soundtrack of the game it made you feel cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥sneeking into a highly armed buildings or badass when they played Fortunate Son whilst you were blowing up voting machines in a military fort. I will probably start another playthrough of this later down the line because of the sheer amount of fun I had. People are complaining about the cringy and childish interactions between Marcus and Wrench which I think is what made their interactions funny. In my opinion yuou shouldn't take this game to seriously and just enjoy the amount of fun it is to screw around in the world or do the missions. Its a very large improvement of Watch_Dogs."
76561197970509315,Recommended,447040,33428962,Posted: 10 July,all,Tam,"Despite my dislike of the ""Ubisoft Game"" template, I must grudgingly concede that Watch Dogs 2 is in fact a pretty cool game.The meaningless hunting down of collectibles is present and correct, of course, but it's mostly optional and the main story missions plus side missions (most of which are of high quality, not just filler) give quite a meaty play length. There's a bunch of online stuff, but I cba with any of that and turned it off, so I have nothing to much say about the online side of things.The game is about using your magic phone and other gadgets to molest all kinds of networked doohicks in other to further the aims of your hacktivist crew, Dedsec. The gameworld imagines the Internet of Trash becoming completely pervasive in all aspects of work and life, and about as secure as a £5 Chinese webcam on an airport wi-fi connection, all controlled by sinsister corporations. If you stop and think about it for a moment, it's pretty implausible from a technical point of view, but allows for some fun human + gadget stealth shenanigans.The protagonist is quite likeable and is obviously not supposed to be a stone-cold killer, but you can play that way if you want, with no particular consequences. It doesn't make much sense within the game world, given that you are consistently portrayed in-game as an idealistic hacker, not an anti-corporate terrorist. It would have made sense, I think, for unnecessary violence to greatly -lower- your crew's reputation and make law enforcement far more vigilant and more likely to attempt arrest if you get their attention somehow."
,Recommended,447040,33662793,Posted: 19 July,all,Baxstar,"I hadn't played the first Watch Dogs due to the very negative reviews of bugs and indescrepencies, so I got a fresh look at Watch Dogs 2. I thoroughly enjoyed it.I've been to San Francisco before, and the accuracy of this portrayal of the city (though it is obviously a bit simplified) is breathtaking. One of the best features that I discovered in this game was the ScoutX app, which takes you to different landmarks in SF and the surrounding city(s). I found that this added to the culture and added another aspect to the game.Gameplay was flawless for the most part, and there is so much to do in this game that I never found myself bored, between side missions, main missions, finding key data, etc.One downfall of this game that I found is that the online missions sort of became a nuisance. They kind of force you into some things to play with others, which can sometimes be annoying, especially if you're on your way to something else, making you escape and cancel the online mission.Flawless gameplay, stunningly beautiful, tons of things to do, entertaining, 9/10."
76561198335869948,Recommended,447040,33663078,Posted: 19 July,all,brandonallred992,The first Watch Dogs was not very good and only picked this up because I read it wasn't bad. I have 111 hours on it so far and it really is a fun game. I was pleasantly surprised at how much fun I had with all aspects of the game. Don't let the first game scare you away from this one.
76561198074372479,Recommended,447040,33415849,Posted: 9 July,all,Partyharry,"Great Game i Do Love it and Important I did some Changed some keys around to play the game to my liking Some Missions You can get Fustrating with and Just Run and Gun the whole way through and sadly It Works San Fransico is Lovley I do Love just wearing The Aiden Pearce Outfit in the Game no way to take off your glasses at all.I never played the Original Watch dogs though Story feels a Need  for more ""of Why to do this "" But the Mission is fun.Note:They did get rid of the Nudity in the Game so Not to worry about seeing that.I bought it at full price Money well Spent But I did buy the Season pass about 50% off The normal price for it is outragous.But otherwise Very good game and I Love the CHaracter Wrench wish DLC Missions about him and I love the Connect the lines thing in the game (its a Puzzle)I love the HAcking in this game I really enjoyed it but first to do in the Game 1.Get the Quadcophter same with second and third Over all Very good game but just wait for a Sale.Also I loved this game so Much I had to buy a tee-shirt,Not really the type to play online mode but this game handles it very well"
76561198043902704,Recommended,447040,28691365,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,George Mother Fucking Luther,Better than the first one.
,Recommended,447040,29425666,Posted: 22 January,all,The Parke,:~)
,Recommended,447040,28679792,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,doge,"The creators (Ubisoft), are just plain geniuses. Period. Best third-person shooter ever. Better than Grand Theft Auto V. PERIOD.:D"
76561198118365192,Not Recommended,447040,33779848,Posted: 24 July,all,der Stubenhocker,it's ight but it's probably the last Ubisoft game I'll get for a whilelagged a bit while driving for a while until I found some optimization fixdon't get it tho definitely better games out there for the same price and it was kinda underwhelming as far as the open world aspect once u finish the campaign
,Recommended,447040,28158959,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mr.Bait,♥♥♥♥ING SICK MATE
,Recommended,447040,28922916,Posted: 1 January,all,Fish Is Practically A Vegetable,"Wow, well done Ubisoft you made a decent game..."
,Recommended,447040,28114002,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,christofire19,"Absolutely loving this game so far! Quests are interesting, the cheesy banter seems to be a point of contention but I kind of love the characters for it, and the stealth hackathon is awesome. I've had a few issues but nothing serious or game breaking. I can honestly say that I am pleasantly surprised by this one. Good work ubi!"
76561198171945747,Recommended,447040,28113401,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DankBongRipper420,This is a great game but it is pretty difficult to run and I get only about 50 frames on somewhat medium settings. I recieve some massive frame drops which is fine because it was recently launched but I would like to see it fixed.
,Recommended,447040,28083486,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,chocoaddict,"well this sequel is much better in any way compare with the first watchdogsthings i like1. hacking takes a larger portion of the game (if you play first watchdogs, the combat is took the primary portion of the game).Beside that, hacking tools is way more variative and usefull.2. the city is more colorful, many ai activity, animal, etc3. AI can hits you if you♥♥♥♥♥♥them off, and you can shoot them like an animal without loosing reputation whatsoever huehuehue4. YOU AREN'T DRIVING AT ICE SURFACE ANYMORE LIKE IN THE FIRST WATCHDOGS, and i love ubi has taken this issue seriously5. Realistic mod is actually challenging, 2 bullet from enemy can send you to oblivion.6. For me no stuttering, crash, bug, graphical glitch, etc. Just a little fps dips, its very unnoticable.7. Marcus is more interactive than Aiden pearce, you can taunt the npc, use gestures to otherplayer etcThings i don't like1. I can't run it on ultra at 60fps even I'm using SMAA, approximately it runs at 45-55fps because afterburner OSD can't run in this game I dunno why. I'm playing at 1440p with my 16gb DDR3 RAM, i7 4790k 4.4GHz, and MSi Gtx 980ti @1470Mhz.2. This game is bit frustative in stealth aspect because if one enemy spotted you, the whole map will know your position like they have telephaty or something like that no matter if you keep moving.3. For me the multiplayer is a bit dull, because there is no any multiplayer mission which is big enough or long enough to complete with other player.4. Mission is a bit repetitive, for me it's tolerateable."
,Recommended,447040,28102980,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SteveBruleMD,Much better than the original in every way possible.
,Recommended,447040,28082043,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,okso,This is a great game no doubt
76561197971386388,Recommended,447040,28104799,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hitman47,Very optimized PC Game from Ubisoft. No Downgrade at all.....and the Game itself is just AMAZING!! The Hacking Tools are now more important than in Watch Dogs 1. If there wouldnt be the Hippi♥♥♥♥ofshit and it would be more dark like Blade Runner or Batman Begins it could be outstanding!!
,Recommended,447040,28103092,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Deygus,"To simply put it, this is what the first Watch Dogs should've been, Immense ongoing Hacker-Fun!Watch Dogs 2 is what Watch Dogs 1 should've been from the starting point as an Epic Hacker GTA-Game with much needed Improvements that has reinvented what you'd expect from Games!So anyways, with that said here's some things I'd like to note about the game:+PROS+========1- Driving is still very closely similar to the first one even though they said it is different in the trailer and demos but luckily not as loose and handles much better this time around.2- Graphics are astounding compared to the first.3- There's way more things to do and even more to hack including cars and that's always a blast so I'm pretty happy to see that they've expanded on it.4- It's not as problematic as the first was at launch either so this is definitely a great start this time around!5- Multiplayer is way better this time around and the co-op mode for random missions is a thrill!-CONS-=======1- I've noticed a couple lighting issues but not too bad, it's still fantastic.2- I wish the co-op missions were a bit more random since after going through the game and playing awhile now it does seem to stay fun but it's still a bit repetative3- Graphics Settings aren't as good as the settings that were given in the first game since there aren't as many controllable options for it even though it does allow decent fine-tuning at least.4- The last patch broke the game sorta for a lot of people mainly bad framerate slowing it down even on lower settings though many had this problem to begin with but luckily if you follow this performance configuration guide below you'll be ready to rock'n'roll and enjoy the game again:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=809841979Anyways, I haven't even really gotten that far in the game but that is mostly because I am really enjoying thie ongoing side missions, random and co-op online missions and all I can say it's definitely very enjoyable to the point that I hope they make a Watch Dogs 3 to follow.."
76561198083929267,Recommended,447040,28083124,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Danny25tep,Good game
,Recommended,447040,28083181,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[Fol9] Skyl,Looks like Ubisoft has learned from their mistakes. I do not regret pre ordering the deluxe version.
,Recommended,447040,32369167,Posted: 12 June,all,The Relatable One,"So I had just beaten the game, and I was pretty impressed to say the least. I read the last thanks for playing message, and I'm then placed back at HQ. A player joined my game and blocked the door leading outside HQ with a bus, got out and flipped me off through the window and quit the game.This game sucks don't buy it."
76561198047613620,Not Recommended,447040,33390930,Posted: 8 July,all,Grimlon,"The game is just honestly not very good. Poorly optimized, ai is♥♥♥♥♥♥ you'll see enemies spawn right in front of you in an open world game, stuff just doesn't make sense gameplay wise, stealth gameplay is pointless, going guns blazing is so much better but there is so much dissonance because you're supposed to be a hacker not a ruthless murderer. The story and side missions are alright to pretty good, and the only saving grace in this game is the hacking."
76561198084289098,Recommended,447040,29424578,Posted: 22 January,all,trackersound,Good game.
,Recommended,447040,33902092,Posted: 30 July,all,Valentino Eki Raharja,I like the featuresBut this game so heavy for me8/10
,Recommended,447040,33753293,Posted: 23 July,all,kgptzac,"Watch Dogs 1 was an OK game.  It’s a good thing that any sequel is better, or at least as good as, the original, in this case Watch Dogs 2 definitely earned its praise, including mine.I was not happy that Ubisoft delayed PC launch and went ahead with console launches, and I vowed to only get this game when it is on sale.  I kept my word and got it during Steam Summer Sale, and I do not regret.  The PC version, as it is now, is truly expectational for an AAA game, in my opinion.  It is not a crappy console port that I’ve used to see when games launch on multiple platforms, and then PC gamers get the short end of the stick.There are many things I did not like in Watch Dogs 1, and most of those things observed improvement in WD2.  Things that are done well in WD1 are mostly done well in WD2 as well.  Most and foremost, the story of WD2 fits much better to other areas of the game, than its predecessor.Anyway, that’s my take on the singleplayer part of the game.  I didn’t do any multiplayer, and I suggest you turn all multiplayer options off when you want to enjoy the main quests."
76561198207716400,Recommended,447040,30691759,Posted: 23 March,all,TheyCallMeFoxy,AMAAAAAZING
,Recommended,447040,28365115,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kalm Down Jay,"Ah Watch Dogs 2. A wild one indeed. Quite the improvement from the last. Though it seems as if the story at the beginning. Oh I dunno, is rushed a little bit? Driving takes a minute to get used to. But other than that, it's as if I'm playing the game of the year. I pre ordered gold edition and to say the least, I wasn't let down. At all."
,Recommended,447040,29282611,Posted: 15 January,all,Anderson Guerra,Beautiful but too easy.
76561198012279190,Not Recommended,447040,28956895,Posted: 2 January,all,Zealott93,I wanted to like this game and after 2 hours I thought to myself just keep going it'll get better and it did not get better. If you want a fill the gap game like I did and think that this wanna be GTA would be a good choice then let me tell you dont do it. Just go buy GTA V.
,Recommended,447040,28936655,Posted: 2 January,all,fuckoff,introduced me into real underground white boy hip hopnerdcore hip hopreal good♥♥♥♥♥♥:ok_hand:buy italso inspired me to make skiddie tier .bat♥♥♥♥♥♥while slapping my mechanical keyboard like an autistalso josh is an autisttldrmade me like nerdcore hip-hopmade me code ♥♥♥♥♥♥ .bat virusesdelete system32 its a jew virus the microsoft jews put on ur computer to make it slow periodically so u have to pay them money to make ur pc faster again its a virus delete system41EDITgot to point in story where the mexicans do something bad to a main charactercutscene stopped and a mexican hiphop song came on as if to mock me♥♥♥♥ing mexicans
,Recommended,447040,28365170,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ippoc,Posibility for coop missions? Sign me up guys.
76561198212655316,Recommended,447040,29300137,Posted: 16 January,all,Headhunter [NF],I recommend the game because it is a good game but i couldn't launch it so i refunded it and bought it on my ps4
,Recommended,447040,29499365,Posted: 26 January,all,leck,good game.
,Recommended,447040,33063160,Posted: 30 June,all,SaltDaWoundz,"Compared to the first one the 2nd one stands on it's own. incredibly smooth on my system (4790k, 980ti). Multiplayer is fun now thanks to the new 4 player co-op implemented recently. Finished the main quest and 90% of the side missions giving me nearly 40hrs of total gameplay. Would recommend, looking forward to the next possible installment of the Watch_Dogs franchise."
76561198218127073,Recommended,447040,29348551,Posted: 18 January,all,Cobain&Cocaine,this game doesnt make me want to put a shotgun in my mouth
,Recommended,447040,32091567,Posted: 31 May,all,Bostoncap,Great Game
,Recommended,447040,32082053,Posted: 31 May,all,Z4Some2K7 21 21 21,Very good game altough i have played it only 42 h. this game is funny af when u have a friend who you could play with. I reccomend this game.
76561198156076698,Recommended,447040,32116275,Posted: 1 June,all,Ivo,Very good game great story i reccomend it for sure
,Recommended,447040,32065914,Posted: 30 May,all,Azlogan,Great storyline. I love how this game is open world. Awsome Cars. U-play step up there game after Watch_Dogs 1. The grahpics are beautiful. You basacilly can hack anything.
76561198271658784,Recommended,447040,33192581,Posted: 3 July,all,Я такой чертовск,like it but i think it need to add to fly plane and helekopters
76561198063059174,Recommended,447040,28121398,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,LittleCookies,Hacking Simulator 2016
76561198072309562,Recommended,447040,34137619,Posted: 9 August,all,HEIYU315,why i can open my game??
76561198067514262,Not Recommended,447040,29563221,Posted: 29 January,all,Mistr Maxmilian,"The Watch Dogs 2 is a hacker game set in San Francisco. The game has amazing graphics, cool characters and in comparition to the 1st watch dogs game, even better hacking system and talent system.Hovewer, all of these and many others aspects have their bad side:- The game looks amazing. City buildings, the cars, clothes and many other things look really good. However, most of the map is a city. Compared to GTA V, Watch Dogs 2 has basically no nature in it. As you will continue through the story, the appereance of the city will shortly get boring and you will want nature more and more, but not get it.- The game has amazing characters. Marcus and DedSec party is a bunch of cool dudes (and one chick). In the story you will get to know each of them, but only for a little. The story is short and the amount of information you get is enough for you to imagine that character's full personality, but the game itself will not tell you, which I call a big mistake. Good characters, missed oppurtunity.- Story is boring. Some first quests might seem really exciting and funny, but later in the game, after a few hours, the quests will get boring, and worse with each additional one, with the ending quest being absolute trash. The main storyline took me around 30 hours, which is for a 60 euro game really short.- Weapons are inovative. From tazer to granate launcher, you can get yourself a weapon if you have enough money for it. Still, you will use mostly asault rifle or pistol. And also I dont see any logic in printing the weapons in 3D printer, especially becuse it takes less than ten seconds to print such weapon.- Vehicles are exciting. When you get your hands on some really fast car, you feel really good riding in it, as well as you feel terrible in a bad car. However cars, motorbikes and some few ships are the only vehicles accesible in the game. Athough there is fair amount of cars, amount of motorbike is fairly small and ships are even worse. There is no way you can fly in this game - no hellicopters, planes or jets. If you want to get yourself higher, you need to hack a crane.My final judgement?Although the game looks nice and offers some good content, the bad side of the game is affecting the game much more, thus I dont recommend the game."
,Recommended,447040,29597978,Posted: 30 January,all,Classy Whale,You can pet dogs10/10
76561198241998144,Recommended,447040,28144414,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,StealthKingGG,Awesome!!
,Recommended,447040,28685919,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Devr,Dual Core got in here that's awesome!!
,Recommended,447040,28805856,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheUnknownMercenary,GG
,Recommended,447040,28844015,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ViperSniper,":: First of All, props to Ubisoft, I didn't think they can do a better Watch Dogs. (I LOVED the first one btw).Should you Buy ?a) Have you played Watch Dogs ? No ? Highly Recommended to play that first, forget all it's early reviews it is GREAT as THIS.(It is cheaper than this)b) You have played Watch Dogs , and on the fence to try this one? Short Answer : YOU MUST !:: Pros :1) Amazing Attention to Detail in this Open World Action.2) Online Co-op/Solo Missions are Fantastic;3) Vehicle and Weapon Controls are better.4) HACKING EVERYTHING !! (IoT Devices don't look that much promising after you play this game :P)5) The Game is NOT Buggy. It is Super Stable and Worth Paying for.:: Cons/Debatable :1) You do require Just Above ""Minimum Requirements"" to get the best 60fps experience.2) The Tone of the Story of this Game fluctuates from Dark to Light and back to Dark( I mean the MAIN  CHARACTERS who are supposed to be ""Exposing the Truth behind the Digital Hackers"" sometimes make you kill Cops and Innocent Civilians in Gunfire. It Doesn't work as a Revenge Story as it did in the First Watch Dogs."
,Recommended,447040,29303977,Posted: 16 January,all,TomislavKalamarko/Hellcase.com,best gem evr recmend if u dont buj u r a ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,447040,29326321,Posted: 17 January,all,PikachuEXE,Excellent game and even better than the last one (in some aspects)And it's definitely worth buying it when it's on saleNot the DLC though :P
76561198198032753,Recommended,447040,29652779,Posted: 2 February,all,theGamerGunvir,Best Game Awesome!
76561198034974365,Recommended,447040,29653121,Posted: 2 February,all,Triggered Weeb,Its good but wayyyy to many hackers
,Recommended,447040,28668219,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✪ Spitz,very big improvement over the first one. the game itself is atually very fun. you need a pretty beefy pc to run it tough.recomend 5/7
76561198347436603,Recommended,447040,28669682,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nilo0201,i can play 40 fps 1080p medium on my gtx 750ti. its a good port but kinda having some fps drops when im in the middle of the city overall great game no bug or glitches encountered
,Recommended,447040,28685452,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,German Potato $oup,I have the GTX 1060 and The game stutters from time to time especially when driving fast. It's not a big deal but it gets kinda annoying.  So the only negative thing about this game is the performance and the constant stutters.  I hope that Ubisoft can optimize the game more in the near future.  The graphics of this game is gorgeous and recreates the Bay Area very well.  Overall game is really fun to play and I highly recommended.
76561198028082862,Recommended,447040,28805880,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Maurício Bandeira,"Bad story, good gameplay. This game story is so bad that It looks like it's trying to criticize the very hackers that you are involved with. Aiden pearce wasn't the best of characters but at least they made it plausible that he would engage in violence to avenge his niece. That is not true for Marcus and his crew, they are hacktivists, not murderers.But when you ignore that, you get a good game, with solid gameplay and fun multiplayer experience and plenty of things to  do with a beutifully created san francisco. Could have included bicycles, since the characters looks like hipsters."
,Recommended,447040,28978552,Posted: 3 January,all,Creon,"A really fun game that I doubt will get the interest that it deserves due to its lackluster predecessor. That being said the game is heads and shoulders above the original with better controls, better driving, better characterization, better aesthetic, etc.. There are still the common pitfalls you see in a lot of open world games, relationships between characters seem accelerated, a couple of plot threads aren’t fully fleshed out (I’m looking at you Horatio), the objectives get a bit repetitive, and the character progression stagnates in obsolescence after the initial upgrades but that being said it never felt like a chore to continue pushing the main story or even the side quests until the end.  The writing from a dialogue perspective and the performances are really good, and the game never takes itself too seriously."
,Recommended,447040,29144650,Posted: 9 January,all,sinXins,"Pretty neat game, definitely better than the first game with lots of improvement. Doesn't take itself too seriously and looks incredibly polished."
,Recommended,447040,29654515,Posted: 2 February,all,HammeredToast,"I put so much time to this title. I never played the original, because it, at the time, didn't seem interesting to me.This game was tight in terms of graphics, gameplay mechanics, sound, and narrative. I put in 62.7 hours according to Steam, which seems a little high. I think when I first started playing I left it running here and there for a bit too long.I found every character really likable, let it be a protagonist or a villain.Check it, dawg."
76561197984190641,Recommended,447040,28685302,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lydon,It's like if sam fisher was put in a grand theft auto game as a hacker.  Plays like splinter cell in combat.
76561198236855702,Recommended,447040,28726570,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,digletcat02,well everytime i start it up it crashes on me and i can run allmost any game on high setting high on ark and subnautica with out it crashing i need help
76561198335091402,Recommended,447040,29304588,Posted: 16 January,all,palma1,"Really good game,much better than WD1 great characters,interesting story, nice graphics one of ubi's better efforts.(cough cough: The Division)"
,Recommended,447040,29143777,Posted: 9 January,all,TeeGee,"Just Completed The Game!Massive Improvement Compared To The First WATCH_DOGS! Love The New Feature's Added, Graphics Are Amazing! Played The Game Ultra Settings All The Way Through And Dam It Looked Good! Great Story Line! Can't Wait For The DLC's"
76561197975346093,Recommended,447040,29303130,Posted: 16 January,all,Pumpkin Pussy,"Awesome game with a really compelling storyline and great graphics.  I am very familiar with the Bay Area and the artists/map makers did an amazing job of recreating the details in this area.  Hell, you can actually walk through all of Alcatraz which was very surprising to me.  The voice acting and character development is top notch.I only have a few minor dings to offer.  The driving mechanics are not quite as smooth as with GTAV but still okay.  A more in-depth tutorial on hacking (a large part of the game) up front would have been helpful.  The game starts and just sort of throws you into a first mission with minor tutorial tips.  About 30% of the way into the game, I really began to understand the mechanics and various strategies necessary.  Perhaps it was intended to let you figure it out as part of the fun?Anyway, great game.  Reminded me of GTAV set in the San Francisco Bay Area and with a really fun and well-written hacker/geek story line."
,Recommended,447040,30213990,Posted: 26 February,all,Subzy,"I heard nothing but bad things about the first installment, so this was a risky purchase. I got lucky, it's great!"
,Recommended,447040,32391014,Posted: 13 June,all,Stranger Warkri,"Game looks nice when maxed out if you have the power for it. I like the fact there are quite a few indoor environments for a open world game, switches it up to some fun close quarter combat. Lots of current memes are often interesting and funny. The AI is stupid and wayyyy to easily exploitable, the guns don't feel punchy enough and the cars drive like a 1990's arcade game. Even with those flaws I had some fun but eventually got bored. There are still a lot of grindy activities which repeat over and over and over and over.... It was super cool to drive my RC car through a buildings vent shafts to hack into it the first 3 times... but by the 15th time you feel impending dread as you have to do this gimmick aaagaaainnnn to progress. Same with hacking the electric grids and other such things. The one repeated gimmick which was a lot of fun was getting certain 'software' which allows you to upgrade certain premium skills. These were usually heavily guarded and a lot of fun to do as they felt more like a mission than a task.While I agree that the game is overall better than WD1, I sort of liked the character of the first. Before you go nuts, yes this character is better developed and has more personality and is crafted better... But I kind of liked the vigilante style of Pierce better... felt more like the punisher with hacking skills than just a goofball, has more of a superhero vibe instead of the new highschool mischief vibe.Multiplayer is a BLAST, and my favorite part is engaging in and triggering bounty hunts, but that too is a downfall because the hunt usually lasts 3-7 minutes, and then loading loading loading loading loading. I like how MP is seamlessly integrated, but it would be cool to have pvp sessions that last a while. Some of the best times in GTA is when you have a 30 minute war with someone or a group and hunt eachoter around the map.Best part in WD2 is the CO-Op, it is the most fun I have had, but the lack of a working VOIP means you are two mimes on a mission just hoping the other player can read your mind.Overall it is a visually attractive, mediocre, open world game that doesn't do anything great enough to step out from behind the enormous GTA shadow."
,Recommended,447040,28107911,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kapo,well optimized pc games in 2016 LUL
76561198084745747,Recommended,447040,35205980,Posted: 25 September,all,Hoba511,yas betch yasssssssss
,Recommended,447040,30770858,Posted: 27 March,all,Walmart security,"Eh, I couldent get very far before stopping, this game is great and all, good ideas/  gameplay mechanics. But I had a massive bug where I'm stuck above the world out of the skybox, I cant progress at all. Welp."
76561198273323851,Not Recommended,447040,29777663,Posted: 8 February,all,Jack the Ranger,Boring
76561198056671125,Recommended,447040,34222650,Posted: 13 August,all,Dot9700,It's better then the first.Wouldent pay full price for it.
,Recommended,447040,30102452,Posted: 22 February,all,Rfsnes,Great game. Much pew
,Recommended,447040,28257376,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sokolov,Very fun game and looks great. Use the hover thing if you get hacked
,Recommended,447040,29021494,Posted: 4 January,all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,use hax to get money
,Recommended,447040,31778229,Posted: 15 May,all,Po Changumz,neato
,Recommended,447040,29409253,Posted: 21 January,all,Hazard,vvbgcff
,Recommended,447040,29409443,Posted: 21 January,all,Bunny #sürf,well done ubisoft im so proud of you.
,Recommended,447040,29401651,Posted: 21 January,all,cold -iwnl-,Very fun game if you have nothing to do...
76561198119663292,Recommended,447040,29403405,Posted: 21 January,all,Toch Nba,Gameplay 7/10graphics 8/10Engine 8/10Overall rating 7/10
,Recommended,447040,29409257,Posted: 21 January,all,Dunsch,I wanna have sex with this game
76561198105624008,Recommended,447040,28126898,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Wolf,Sombras grandpa?
,Recommended,447040,28691237,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,5Andysalive,"Didn't like the first one. Not the guy, not the story.  But after positive reviews i gave #2 a go. And its very very good. It's more fun, It's brighter and you don't have to play an abslute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (not in a cool Trevor-way).Also there are no radio towers to climb, no 30 areas to liberate (aka ""complete Story of AC Syndicate""). A whole new (Ubisoft) world.I find this world is a tad small. Also sadly no flying. Skills are fun to play with. Hovering with my drone, sending police or gangster after gansters, Gangsters after police, til nobody stands anymore.... great fun-Makes it maybe too easy in the later game though.HOWEVER:  this is Ubisoft. There can't be any game without the beloved  Ubisoft trademark nastyness towards its customrs. There is ""Premium"" Stuff you have to register for, there is stuff. to be get from online mode only. At least in this games setting it's not as immersion killing as in AC Unity.And... there is ""Easy Anti Cheat"". An ""Anticheat"" ""tool"" that is even started when you play only offline.Enforcing this nasty piece of spyware in THIS game, even for single player,  must be the most ironic thing Ubisoft ever did.To prevent it from starting with the game (also DISABLES multiplayer): Start game with parameter-eac_launcherRight click on game in steam library, properties, set launch options. Steps for uplay-only version are somewhere along these lines as well.Easy Anti Cheat is a massive privacy risk to your pc. With its deep permissions in windows its very open for abuse. All that stands between you and this abuse is a vague promise NOT to abuse this power on the very bottom of their privacy page. For example to make continuous secret screenshots from your screen and send it to their servers/a third party, Which the player wouldn't even notice."
,Recommended,447040,29409104,Posted: 21 January,all,Rabid Jawa,"The game gives you lots of freedom to approach missions and have fun in the open world. I respect that as too many games take control, choice and creativity away from you and it's my pet peeve."
76561198170352398,Recommended,447040,28148620,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,thebigdumplin,very good game and good pc port 8/10
,Recommended,447040,28206247,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CSGO - Bullshit,10/10
,Recommended,447040,29213396,Posted: 12 January,all,DeeperSenpai,Had a great time while it lasted; there isn't much to do after the main story.
,Recommended,447040,28778190,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,forever LP,Good game ;)
,Recommended,447040,28922556,Posted: 1 January,all,j0n,stutterz the vidyya gaem
76561198059328367,Not Recommended,447040,29482960,Posted: 25 January,all,Gr4yF0x,"Ok, so this game is ok... BUT dont try to drive anything! Draving system here is like in saints row (where it doesnt matter because its saints row right). City lookes kind of dead and boring. Just another disappointed. And i did not had huge expectation."
,Recommended,447040,28277279,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,handro1313,"Game is good, but the politico left theme is annoying but that just personal opinion. Characters are dumb, about hit the power button when guy says ""Thats Meta"". yeah I am old I guess."
76561198263826824,Not Recommended,447040,28664371,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,danbrown,This game wouldn't load and I've only ever seen the warnings before the game crashed.
76561198298428984,Not Recommended,447040,28877606,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bammmmmbbbeeeeee,a lot of bugs (see in my screenshots)the game is realy fun in the start but after 10 hours of gameplayits so much boring if you want nice grafics better gamewithout many bugsso go play gta 5 its nice game with good graficshe has a purpose and you can buy car be the king of the cityand be everything you Choosing to do.
76561198076232884,Not Recommended,447040,29179200,Posted: 11 January,all,^_^,waste of time
,Recommended,447040,34333969,Posted: 18 August,all,whiles ™,better parkour and  hack everything plus its better than gta online
76561198251229398,Recommended,447040,29999077,Posted: 17 February,all,Pio,"Good game, btw why do so many people compare this to GTA V"
,Recommended,447040,34305159,Posted: 17 August,all,we4xy,Firstly dead ♥♥♥♥♥.10/10
,Recommended,447040,33483321,Posted: 12 July,all,pizzaguy,In Watch Dogs 2 you play as an RC car and you have a sidekick named Marcus.
,Recommended,447040,29515782,Posted: 26 January,all,✪ PureEmerald,The best game ive ever played
,Recommended,447040,29511330,Posted: 26 January,all,santosomar,Better than expected.
76561198071940144,Recommended,447040,29517508,Posted: 27 January,all,taka hebi csgobig.com,what a awesome game and bloody master piece well done money well spent
76561198097413656,Recommended,447040,30226607,Posted: 27 February,all,eleker,nice
,Recommended,447040,30229923,Posted: 27 February,all,++Muffins,Good game. Main story was a little shorter than expected (30 hours with some side missions) but theres still tons of collectibles and side missions for me to do.
,Recommended,447040,29514707,Posted: 26 January,all,Rose,"Very fun game so far! Realistic and artwork is absolutley incredible. One con so far though; it can be a little laggy but I'm running on high settings, so whatever you perfer. (high settings: lower fps or low settings: higher fps.)Overall probably 9/10"
76561198359210990,Recommended,447040,29654283,Posted: 2 February,all,DH1R3N CSGO-SKINS.COM,Good
,Recommended,447040,29615593,Posted: 31 January,all,M X R Y A N,"^NOTHING SPECIFIC ABOUT THE GAME, JUST MY THOUGHTS^I am going to keep this short and simple. This game gets so much more♥♥♥♥♥♥than it deserves. As a game alone, it could be a lot better I have to admit. If you must compare it to GTA or Saints Row, it's most likely not going to reach your expectations.I was one of the few people who liked Watch_Dogs 1 because I felt the game was not half bad when not compared to classics. Now, the price of the game for what you are getting in Watch_Dogs 1 was not really worth it back then, but now the price is reasonable. Now as far as Watch_Dogs 2 goes, Ubisoft clearly stepped up there game. It may be considered a GTA ""wanna be"" but when you compare it to the old game, it's outstanding. Small things in the ""new"" game make the gameplay and story that much different. Using drones, RC Cars, and being able to hack almost anything really changes the range of ability your character has. A major con with this game is how it runs on some computers, whether it's the game crashing or semi-huge fps drops it can affect your experience while you play. In my opinon, I truly think the story mode is pretty decent. At least compared to the first game. It doesn't seem as repetitive. So I am not going to give this game a rating but just my word and that is to just buy it and I don't think you will regret it. Maybe, you could wait till a steam sale comes up. That would be a good time to buy it in my view. So straight up, if you liked the first one, buy the second and you won't regret it. If you hated the first one, try the second one out and return it if you don't like it."
,Recommended,447040,28110407,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ayy LmaoZ,On my alienware its broken and doesint start all it does is shows a watch dogs 2 thumbnail and exits automaticly so thumbs up. Why?: because its not there fault my pc is broken i need a new one
,Recommended,447040,28668964,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Warframer_,This game is amazing +200/10
76561198059276018,Recommended,447040,29141336,Posted: 9 January,all,RickyTickyTac,One word... Hipsters
76561198151133977,Recommended,447040,29270751,Posted: 15 January,all,JoshThenDaveth,"Best hacking and freeroam game i've ever played. Besides GTA. I love the style and graphics overall for the game. I recomend this game to freeroam lovers who loves a good challenge. I like the fact that this game has a good story mode of the game seeing as though it isn't as repetative as the last watch dogs. I love how this game uses the memes that today's society is using. I love the characters Wrench, Josh, and Marcus, obviously. If I were to chose between those three of who would i play as, it would be Wrench. I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,447040,29290999,Posted: 15 January,all,GLAZ,I loved original watch dogs yes it wasnt much pleasing but i never ♥♥♥♥♥ed about it and watch dogs 2 is sky rocketing i lave some pros and cons but actually it depends on player everyone got there own opinion so it useless unless your a guy who just believes and regret. game is totaly hipster go for it
,Recommended,447040,29296876,Posted: 16 January,all,Dusky,"The game is amazing, the graphics are suberb 9/10 i would buy all over againPro's-Addicting story line-Great Characters-Fun Co-Op-OptimizedCon's-Stutters When driving (Massive frame drops aswell)-Can be a bit glitchy"
,Recommended,447040,28804956,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Risk09,"First imperssions are amazing. It's in the league of GTA V, but not better or worse as they are different and not comparable. However, compared with the first Watch Dogs, it's so much better it deserves a new franchise.It is also fairly well optimized. Make sure you have a strong CPU to get 60 fps. Great options menu aswell.Only thing so far I could say needs improving is the vehicles constimization and physics. That's very picky though. I would recommend full price for anyone who really like opne-world games and recommend the steam sale price I picked it up for to anyone even slightly interested."
76561198137883154,Recommended,447040,28842196,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EndlessEvo,Good game recommended for single player
76561198120387360,Recommended,447040,28980421,Posted: 3 January,all,Dog Cop 69,"play as hipster man and run and do stuff and things, yes"
,Recommended,447040,29293683,Posted: 16 January,all,Engineer Beezley,"I purchased this game to play with a friend, but was very close minded. at first it was confusing how the whole concept of the game mechanics worked. After a few more hours of co-op and a tad of solo campaign, i can confidently say to the people who are on the fence to purchase it, to just do it! It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,447040,29294811,Posted: 16 January,all,L3,"Great game, putting hours and still see no end, the game has a lot of things to do its great. Driving is much more improved over Watch Dogs 1 but not on par with GTA V, graphics are amazing, it has puzzling challenges which I love if you like strategy oriented missions. You can go all out and murder everyone in the vicinity or go stealth and use the RC Jumper and Drone.Also if you have been keeping up with the news lately there are some real world inspirations for the missions such as taking down Scientology, Martin Shkreli buying an album to keep to himself.Interesting fact, DedSec member Josh has Aspergers, note his behavior.and don't trust guys with manbuns.Great game, worth it."
,Recommended,447040,29303874,Posted: 16 January,all,Hannerman,"Definitely a step in the right direction Ubisoft, nice one. All is forgiven for Watch Dogs 1."
76561198273031645,Recommended,447040,29514717,Posted: 26 January,all,Edgy supremacy,its a great and fun game but i have all the reccondmendations for the game and when i play it on ultra and thats 700 mb more than my graphic card can handle ( its a nvidia gtx 960 4gb) it only plays at 20 fps and lags or crashes quite alot. but when i put it on very high or high it still the same thing. even with costom settings only using 2 gb of vram it plays at 25. please fix this.
76561198203311120,Recommended,447040,29516674,Posted: 26 January,all,BengtFredrik,I had fun playing it
76561198190486269,Recommended,447040,28198210,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,SimonWagon,Watch_Dogs 2 is what the first Watch_Dogs should have been.  You truly can hack almost everything and the actually lives up to the game.  It is a light hearted game with lots of pop culture and a truly amusing story.  It perfectly portrays San Frnacisco and the culture of the town.  The map is so large and packed with stuff to do that Ive barely explored any of it whereas in the first game it took like 2 hours to completely explore Chicago.  Overall if you like screwing around and having fun with a light hearted cast of characters this truly is what Watch_Dogs should have been.
,Recommended,447040,28054193,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Anomaly,A lot of improvements from the first one !
76561198094869237,Recommended,447040,28167766,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,WBT,"The sequel is very different compared to Watch Dogs 1. It has a superb,  intriguing and pretty long story line, with awesome graphics. It can be easily seen that the devs have been working hard on this and tuned it accordingly. I enjoyed the fact that it has a great number of new features that make the game much more realistic, creating a GTA V atmosphere, but in a unique way.Although I am very selective with the games I play, I totally recommend this one! The multiplayer part could have been better though, there are only a couple of missions there."
76561198348849493,Recommended,447040,28176544,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,max.hart,+++
,Recommended,447040,28176885,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,C7S X DEVIL CSOFFER.ME,"this is one of the best games i have played till date if any of you have bought watchdogs 1 and thinking this may not be as good as the first 1, well it kinda is the hacking has gotten a little more complext but not much still keeps fun as the number 1 priority as a consumer . The only con i can think of is the optimization for older hardware like the 700 series or laptop grade 800m series as more graphic based areas are quite taxing on both . overall a brilliant job and ubisoft didn't screw this 1 up"
,Recommended,447040,28225297,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ChiefMax,"Let me keep it short:This game is a complete change around from the first game, missions are fun gameplay is just amazing and the drone thing is just absolutely great(also you need to use the drones as much as you can and be stealthy or die almost instant).One thing though the checkpoints are just horrible if you complete 2 tasks and just need te leave the area and then get shot dead you sometimes have to redo the whole mission from the beginning.Anyway this game 8.8/10."
,Recommended,447040,28228223,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Droid,Improved upon everythng the first game fell short of (especially driving)i would recommend it for sure one problem with it is it does not have the best optimization as i own a 1070 and at high settigns on 1440p run the game at around 50fps
,Recommended,447040,28174723,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Exs7asy,Masterpiece! One of the gratest ports to PC. 1337/10 would hack again.
,Recommended,447040,28175046,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,hanzy,"Its a good game so far. Runs well on my PC @ 3440x1440 w/ a mix of high and very high w/HBAO+ on. Getting average of 60 FPS. Any form of MSAA or TXAA really tanks the frame rates down to 30-50 FPS though. Just using post process FXAA for now, can still see some jaggies. Expected though.Having fun so far."
,Recommended,447040,28177421,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RickB,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game, seriously!"
,Recommended,447040,28202881,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,that skyrim guard,"Map is much better than Chicago, the story is wonderful!"
,Recommended,447040,28170110,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TataruAlexandru,I love this game. The graphics are off the charts and the story is well written and so are the extra ativities. I really feel connected to the city and the people.
,Recommended,447040,28227813,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,skitz.,It was good little short only took a day to finish the whole game not even rushed with side objectives too
76561198085779815,Recommended,447040,28286390,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Greasy_Potato,"Great game. but unfortunaly, it have crashed a few times. and i think the story is a bit short.."
76561198072543081,Recommended,447040,28213481,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MoSteel27891,"My second review.I'll begin with I never want to go to San Francisco, and that's a political reason for me, but having the chance to see what it's like while not actully going such as in this game is fun for me and part of the main reason for getting this game.The story so far, having only played a few of the main missons and a lot of side quests isn't all there and I've come to expect that from Ubisoft but more from their Assassin's Creed games. I thought it was because of the complexity of the story. But seeing how this has gone so far, I think it's a lack of story telling on their part, they're not that good at it.By no means am I trying to bash on this game, its more I've come to expect these things from them. Do I wish they'd improve, yes. Their storytelling is a far cry from GTA's storytelling. But the characters we've met in the first few hours of this game are already loveable. GTA does have Trevor from 5 that comes close but still the characters are good and I will update my review on completion of the game.This is more of a netural review of the game, I seem to be giving it equal praise as much as I am criticizing it.I'll end this review with if they do continue doing Watch_Dogs games, I'd love to see one in my home city or Milwaukee, but that's just me."
,Recommended,447040,28228700,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Megalele,"Great game, love it. Kinda feels like assassin's creen but the story is far less compeling than those of Ezio, Connor and the rest."
,Recommended,447040,28150003,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Billy Rex,"This game actually surprised me in a positive way. After all the disaster Watch_Dogs 1 was, this is really nice! And Ubisoft even learned a lot from that disaster.A lot of new features, like the drones, are also really fun to play. Hell, even the multiplayer thing is fun! And I hated those in the first game!The only issue I have is the car handling, but that is something I can overlook.TL;DR: Nice visuals, overall cool game."
76561197970290288,Recommended,447040,28150375,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,esad.atari,"Before I start, here's the final thought (which will be repeated at the bottom after the whole review):""On the whole, if you liked Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, you will probably enjoy Watch Dogs 2. If you hated Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, you'll likely find a plethora of things you'll love to complain about to everyone else.""For all the people reading these reviews:A lot of the people complaining about the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ frame rates are the same ones who haven't updated their graphics card drivers. This is speaking as someone who was getting some choppiness here and there, investigated, found other people saying ""hey you should update your GTX graphics card drivers before playing the game"", went ahead and tried it, and sure enough, my GTX 970 plays it smooth as butter.There are some moments where the volumetric fog over the whole of the san fransisco bay will cause some frame drops, but on the whole, I was playing somewhere between high and ultra on a single GTX 970, and I'm running it just fine with almost always over 60FPS.The gameplay is your stereotypical Ubisoft openworld game; for some players, this is overplayed, overdone. For me, I happen to enjoy the hell out of it, having played most of the Assassin's Creed Games. If you're an Assassin's Creed fan, this game plays very similarly to Black Flag (the character goes where you want them to about 95% of the time, the other 5% of the times are very frustrating). Unfortunately, just like in Blackflag, the game automatically puts your character into 'stealth mode' as necessary, rather than the more recent AC games (and original Watch Dogs) that allowed for a dedicated 'crouch to stealth' mode. The good news is that Ubisoft has learned valuable lessons from their recent The Division, especially regarding smooth transitions and cover system gameplay.For WD2, the storyline is much better than it was for WD1, but I swear, it feels like I'm watching the grave realities brought up in Mr Robot, except presented by the Disney Channel. Some parts of the story are stale and contrived, while other parts feel authentic. On the whole, there haven't been many moments where I simply didn't care enough to continue playing (reference: Assassin's Creed Unity, FarCry 4).The game devs did a much better job designing variability into the puzzles and interactable objects, though once you've gotten a hang of the game mechanic or interaction, it becomes pretty easy to solve the puzzles. This makes doing missions and side-missions a little less monotonous if you're knocking out a bunch.My biggest gripes from the original Watch Dogs that made it unplayable:* Horrible PC optimization, the game would freeze constantly, even on top of the line graphics cards* Terrible quality graphics compared to what they had shown and advertised (thanks, Ubisoft, for agreeing to sh*t-down the graphics on PC to match the quality shown on consoles. That didn't come back to bite you in the *ss now, did it?)* Driving engine was TERRIBLE. You shouldn't have late 80's-esque F-Zero levels of control over a vehicle that's moving through mid 2000's game engine that has realistic lighting and physics. I entered into the original WD expecting an arcade-racer style driving experience, but WTF.* Stale gameplay* Stale storyIn Watch Dogs 2, it seems that they've taken extra care to tackle the previous game's problems as much as possible.* PC version of the game works amazingly on my gaming rig (GTX 970 GPU, 16GB DDR3 RAM, AMD FX-8350 CPU)* The graphics quality is typical for a game in 2016, and amazing compared to the original Watch Dogs* Driving engine is way better, and arcade-racer-AF. That's okay with me, though, because I like both arcade racers and racing sims.* Gameplay thus far has been entertaining and varied enough (as far as possible approaches, weapons, gadgets, attack methods, etc) that it hasn't gotten boring yet, and I'm over 20 hours in now.* Story thus far has been overly-simplified and watered down, or (conversely) hyperbolized so the general audiences can get a pretty good understanding of what is actually going on IRL with data privacy. That being said, it's been more entertaining than Mafia 3's story, and definitely better than any of the Far Cry stories.On the whole, if you liked Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, you will probably enjoy Watch Dogs 2. If you hated Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, you'll likely find a plethora of things you'll love to complain about to everyone else."
,Recommended,447040,29511053,Posted: 26 January,all,LilB,Great game you can get hundreds of hours out of. I'm still miles away from finishing and still very much enjoys the game. Only negative thing is you do need a decent computer to have fun on it.
76561198050897544,Recommended,447040,28058039,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skurkas Lurkas,"Ubisoft really succeeded here!The PC Port is great,The gameplay is greatly improved from the first one, and its a lot of fun.So far (havent played that much yet) This is by far the best Ubisoft game I have played since Far Cry 3The characters are way more interesting and entertaining than the first one and the map is bigger, better and more immersive."
76561198084832529,Recommended,447040,28239163,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Penguin,Amazing game and really fun to play but i'm a bit disappointed in the online mode. The only you and your friends can do is like going around in cars and play co-op missions. I was hoping for a pvp mode were you interact with a bunch of other players
,Recommended,447040,28062394,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rizcorza7*LunaTic,I LOVE IT THIS GAME
76561198120116166,Recommended,447040,28064731,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,alanshore888,really nice game wiwth astonishing graphic effect
76561198123898371,Recommended,447040,28175349,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,exdousknite,"Its Fun, Dynamic and has an Inspiring Story that will keep you busy. I was VERY  skeptical of this game so I waited until it released to see if its worth it, And YES, it is. Gameplay is solid, no lag, graphics are eye toggling if your rigcan handle it. The A.I will be a challange and a vast improvement to the first one. The protagonist HAS A SOUL and has a drive that you will support, and overall the combat, hacking and mini games and PVP is quite enjoyable. Its a must Have, you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,447040,28177966,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,¬°JasperCrew,10/10 would kill civilians again.
,Recommended,447040,28232078,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DerpFaceCake,*Playing game*Me: Hmmm lets get in a cop chase *gets 3 wanted levels*Me:This is fun *Bounty hunter joined* lets have a nice huntBounty Hunter: *Takes out Grenade Launcher*Me: Oh you son of a...*boom*Moral of the lesson: This is Watch Dogs 2 not GTA V(Ohter than dicky bounty hunters this game is nice)PS Bounty Hunters: Using a sniper shows that you're more competent instead of using a grenade launcher
76561198022821988,Recommended,447040,28137695,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Ben Dovah,Cursor flips you off when you quit out of the game. 10/10.
,Recommended,447040,28067162,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nick,"Performance Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vqGsHaMbsUOverall, the performance is all over the place. When trying to utilize the ultra graphical settings, the game struggles to maintain 60fps and dips as low as 30fps in some places. I've experimented with HBAO+, Shadows, Textures, and several other settings and found that only the ""Extra Details"" setting seems to have a significant enough impact. Lowering this setting from 100% to 0% gives me a playable framerate, but still not a steady 60fps.Hopefully this game is patched more and optimized, because currently it doesn't seem to be utilizing my GPU to its full potential.My Rig:Windows 10 64bitEVGA gtx980tii7 6700k 4.2ghz16gb DDR4 RamSSD***First Impressions Review***Now ignoring the technical issues, this game is fantastic. The story is interesting and well written, the characters are all relatively believable (with the exception of the goofy ""Wrench"" character that has a sort of anime mask that displays his emotions at any given moment), and I'm really looking forward to seeing how events unfold.The graphics are absolutely top notch. A lot of people complained about Watch_Dogs 1 getting downgraded, and it did without a doubt, but it still had some admirable graphical achievements, especially the water effects. Those effects return in Watch_Dogs 2 among other incredible effects including realistic looking wind, highly detailed textures, fantastic lighting, and an overall much more appealing color pallete. After lowering the extra details setting, the game runs pretty stable for me and looks fantastic as you drive around the city in a nice smooth 60fps.The gameplay is also very well done. They've taken a lot of the complaints from Watch_Dogs 1 and clearly worked from there. Driving feels more akin to how the cars handle in GTAV, albeit they can feel a bit floaty at high speeds. The gunplay is more or less the same just now you're armed with ""3D-Printed"" guns which is a clever idea. The gadgets have a large presence in this game with little controllable drones that can drive around on the ground or fly high in the air only adding to the hacking insanity. The melee animations are also very cool, with a very unique signature weapon that's actually a billiards ball attached to a rope that the protagonist swings around.The city feels alive this time around. Chicago was a dead city in Watch_Dogs 1 with only a few AI doing interesting things here and there but nothing to actually do. Watch_Dogs 2 however features lots of side activities including go-karting, sailboat racing, lots of hacking based puzzles and secrets to discover in addition to plenty of side missions that help you progress through the story. The clothing stores are much more varied this time, offering your character a large variety of outfits and are not limited to 2 types of trenchcoats with different ugly colors like Watch_Dogs 1. For example, I ran into a biker clothing shop and was able to choose from an assortment of leather jackets, jeans, leather pants, and ridiculous looking biker boots.And finally, the clever online hacking modes have returned. These modes were the best parts of Watch_Dogs 1, allowing you to never feel safe even in your own single player save as anyone online could be stalking you at any given time. I was able to try the classic hacking competitive mode against another player (without me having to even search for a match or even accept anything) and immedietly began hacking the player when he was within range. I laughed as the player ran around the street destroying gas pipelines as he searched frantically for me as I drove a mini cooper slowly around the corner. They also added in a new bounty hunt mode that allows you and 3 other players to hunt down another player that's been causing too much chaos. If the bounty manages to escape or kill the hunters, he will be rewarded a large amount of points, making it a very fun game of cat-mouse.Overall, I definitely recommend this game. It's looking like they did a much better this time around and even optimization seems more playable than it was in the original game. I hope Ubisoft enhances the performance even more as I would love to turn up the anti-aliasing a bit to eliminate some jaggies as the game is not really utilizing the full potential of my system, but for now it's acceptable and plenty playable."
76561198227168340,Recommended,447040,28911389,Posted: 1 January,all,sean_herobrine | gamekit.com,Fun game. I like exploring on my own and taking cars and stuff. You can also do missions
,Recommended,447040,35318312,Posted: 29 September,all,Lil Retard,Like minecraft with guns
76561198352650774,Recommended,447040,28748883,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,petersanjy2,"fun i love it but my pc specs i3 6100 3,7ghz 8 gb ram gtx 950 vram 2gb why lagging my graphic setting in game low :("
,Recommended,447040,29669504,Posted: 3 February,all,Simple Pockhead,Amazing GameGreat GraphicsThrilling MissionsReality Redefined11/10 would recommend to anybody :D
76561198252770150,Recommended,447040,32327083,Posted: 10 June,all,BeaverTheMlgNoob,open word many weapons many items which u can hack and kill peoples many missionsits so funny game in this game is so much to do just wow this game is amazing i recommend this game
,Recommended,447040,29264998,Posted: 14 January,all,ezwiggy23=VX9=,"First things first, much better than the original Watch Dogs, in every way conceivable. I am not anywhere close to a poinbt in the game where I can say if it;s a must buy, but it's nice. There are a few bugs here and there, some honestly quite funny. One thing to note, Driving controls are quite a bit touchy in the steering department and overall quite arcadey, but ubisoft couldn't get driving right in the crew so I digress..Fun game so far, as it stands 7.75/10"
76561198094081727,Recommended,447040,29011351,Posted: 4 January,all,CrossDownStreet,"This is a very nice game. It has a strong sense of fun that keeps me playing and hacking as I go, I particularly like the bounty hunts as I feel like a complete badass getting out of my car and wasting the runner in One-Shot. However, Character development is something this game needs to work on.Because of this when Horatio dies I dont feel a strong need to avenge him as I would in other games(I think WatchDogs had this problem too)Otherwise this is a very fun game I Highly Recommend. There are some other small flaws aswel but I dont feel them neccesary to point out as, for me, they dont interrupt the initial gameplay.I can't wait to see what Ubisoft can make following this game, I have high hopes!"
,Recommended,447040,29268655,Posted: 15 January,all,1 9 6 6,ถ้าลดราคาแนะนำให้รีบซื้อมาเล่นก่อนไม่มีคน coop ด้วย +1หลายๆอย่างนี่ลืมภาคแรกไปได้เลย
76561198099520655,Recommended,447040,28028266,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,2bad,awesome
,Recommended,447040,29266332,Posted: 14 January,all,H2O,Amazing experience!!
76561198110731341,Recommended,447040,29265969,Posted: 14 January,all,White,"Like mafia 3 but with a better world , less repetition , better side quests , better customization , online , more developed characters (only some) and  little bit of a weaker story line also a little worse gun play imo"
,Recommended,447040,34002953,Posted: 3 August,all,WE COD BOYZ,Because of racism you play as ♥♥♥♥♥. Worse than a GTA 5 but still brings lot of fun for some time.10/10 would spent 60 euros to play this game again
,Recommended,447040,28075669,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AlexMoc,You can make a Toyota Prius explode...10/10
76561198245441998,Not Recommended,447040,28734229,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ELLO PUPPET,I feel like this game would be good if it stopped cutting out to a black screen for a sec every 10 seconds. It has potential butmy $1000 computer can't handle it because of this cutting out. Luckily I can refund this game for now until they patch it and then try it out again.
,Recommended,447040,28148886,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Philly Wonken,Worth a buy
,Not Recommended,447040,32310933,Posted: 10 June,all,Elogence,Broken♥♥♥♥♥game it keeps on crashing. Before I crash I get a black screen and 3 seconds of Ubisoft's intro audio. ♥♥♥♥ off Ubisoft.
,Recommended,447040,29045839,Posted: 5 January,all,Ark,"I'd love some performance tips other than 'run on lowest settings', but it's a good game. :D"
76561198415756948,Recommended,447040,35441783,Posted: 3 October,all,艾贤弟,The game is very good.l like it.
,Recommended,447040,28241048,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,NickDatGuy,"Very well done, a lot better than the first and with a lot of content and a good story with really good moments.I give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,447040,35471857,Posted: 4 October,all,Dan,"A far more better game than the original Watch Dogs game, more polished, but it has some optimisation issues.Buy it, if it isn't more expensive than $20, you'll love playing this multiplayer.Maxed out on (AA OFF):i5-6600K, 16 gigs of DDR4 ram, GTX 960 Gainward Phantom 4GB GDDR5."
76561198194095886,Recommended,447040,28650609,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ShadowCaster,"Its an amazing game, I love it so much!"
76561198050478956,Not Recommended,447040,28065435,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,demon.in.your.room,"Considering other Ubi releases one would expect atrocious PC performance, altough this is not the case, the game is very far from good optimization. Pretty much requires GTX1080 to run smooth 60 on 1080p  with maxed up settings. On GTX980 with alot of the eye candy off (only SMAA, textures not on Ultra, no fog, shadows on very high, etc...)  FPS goes around 45-44 FPS with dips down to 30-35 at certain places/conditions and sometimes ups to 55-60 in open world.Yes the game is playable, but you can't call 30FPS float point optimized or acceptable. Perhaps few  patches down the line things will look better, but anyway I guess it will turn out that Ubi just wanted us to get immeresed in a ""cinematic experience"", like the console players.... ""Oh, Ubisoft!"""
76561198026704961,Not Recommended,447040,32553404,Posted: 18 June,all,pug_pug,Its an Ubisoft Game:PROS-Nice Graphics-Good characters and voice acting-Interesting storyCONS-Many Bugs-Expects you to grind-Repetitive Gameplay-Microtransactions
76561198118576714,Not Recommended,447040,28238185,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,WeebWizard,Fanboys are going to get angry but this game is broken and included malware (Spyware by defenitoin which is for their anticheat.No proper controller support despite many pc users pefering to use gamepads. Season pass is broken and everyone else has NOT been giving the dlc they were promised early FOUR days after launch... Still not workingGameplay is great content is great multiplayer is great and refreshing.However great content dosent matter if its broken. Dlc for players who Purchased it should be playable when its launched. So far its not. Ubisoft so many promises so little kept and that was a promise i paid 85 quid for.So sorry ubi fanboys which seem to atack all negative reveiws and say thats not a reveiw but a bug report.If the game is broken behond the point it affects the product itself which it dose it can logically be included in a reveiw even in professoianl standerds.Broken.No controller support.Released dlc not given to paying customers.Multiplayer was broken on launch.Contains Spyware which takes screenshots of your pc as apart of their anti cheat system.Not playable for me in this current state.
,Not Recommended,447040,30099954,Posted: 22 February,all,TF997,At  this time the game is1.load up2.crash3.load up4.shoot something5.crash6.load up7. Crashes PC8.reboot9.crash10.write review
,Not Recommended,447040,30364024,Posted: 6 March,all,Totally Tupac,"Horrible optimization, gameplay is boring, not too many good things I can say about this game. My specs are fx 8370, 16gb ram, gtx 1060 6gb. I am really disappointed in this game, and devs really do not seem to care too much."
,Not Recommended,447040,33222062,Posted: 4 July,all,------------,"Ugh, this game was amazing until some patch that got added in. I could run the game medium settings on 50-60 fps, now I get 2-10 fps. Please patch this game, it's great but annoying with this lag."
,Not Recommended,447040,28367899,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,₩iedzmiη,"Nothing particularly stands out here, and to be honest, I found Watch Dogs to have a superior story. The hacking mechanics in this are far better, some of the graphics are prettier, but overall, while I wouldn't discourage anyone from getting if they just really enjoy the series, I'd certainly wait for a sale. Can't recommend this at current price."
,Not Recommended,447040,29222721,Posted: 13 January,all,DeliriumTooHigh,it is just♥♥♥♥♥♥f u ubisoft
,Not Recommended,447040,34520384,Posted: 26 August,all,porkchappe,"After completing campaign mode, I have concluded that this game I will not recommend.Every mission I did consisted of going into an area or building stealthily, and if I got caught, I shot everyone. LITERALLY EVERY MISSION. Ok, there could be one or two where this doesn't happen, but it got really, REALLY boring after a while.The story is your classic evil-guy-does-evil-stuff-and-you-take-him-down plot. Not very many twists, only reasonably memorable one wasHoratio dying. All in all, not very interesting.Characters were kind of a letdown; When I first got the game, I was most curious about Wrench, his cool mask that showed emotions, and his crazy personality. None of the characters' backstories were explained which kind of bummed me, but maybe Ubisoft hid it intentionally.Improvements from the first game? World, has multiplayer, can freaking call gangs and the police on people (which is  pretty fun), and that's pretty much it."
76561198130053901,Not Recommended,447040,28437511,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jesus Christ,"The game runs fine on one card. Unfortuantely though, if you are like me and game on 3440x1440 monitor, mutli-gpu setups are not going to work very well with this game, as of writing this review."
,Recommended,447040,28100198,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,☜☆AKA.PGOne☆☞,"I'm not disappointed, to be honest, its a good game. but i dont think its much better than gta."
76561198150755720,Not Recommended,447040,33072104,Posted: 1 July,all,CLIT SUXER,my watchdogs 2 keeps on crashing
,Not Recommended,447040,30358860,Posted: 6 March,all,TheUniT,"I'm disappointed. WD2, unlike WD1, is not gripping in my opinion. I like that there are many more things you can hack than in WD1, but that's about it, really. Probably gonna get uninstalled and never touched again after I finished the main missions (don't want to spend 60€ for a full price game and not even finish it). Not that I played it a lot in the first place.Technically not a bad game and I have nothing else to complain about, some people are definitely going to enjoy it. Sadly, I did not."
76561197999240939,Not Recommended,447040,28355061,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Gordon,"It is not that fun. At least not $60 fun. It feels like a Watch Dogs 1.2 as a lot of things are just reused and the driving is still horrible. I do think that the world is awesome as it is very much alive. So that's a huge plus. However, I might just wait for a sale instead.Also it crashed my system after it installed the EasyAntiCheat driver (which btw. is not deleted after uninstalling)."
76561198025201959,Not Recommended,447040,29240225,Posted: 13 January,all,B00MER,"Bought this excited to try it, got so sick of making it work with the crap extra ubi software that I returned it. Will always watch for Ubi crap for now on. Steam is plenty of a system I see no reason I have to install the♥♥♥♥♥♥stuff they add."
,Not Recommended,447040,31062626,Posted: 10 April,all,Sgt.James,This Game caused my 1-2 Year old Nvidia GTX 980 to no longer function. 10/10.
76561198311766413,Not Recommended,447040,29271874,Posted: 15 January,all,Это фиаско братан,вылетает при загрузке
,Not Recommended,447040,28239296,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,daytime_ambien,"This game is beyond supurb, a fantastic game to any standard. There are penty of side missons that are varied, plenty of backbone to the main story, great graffics and character dialog. However, due to Ubisoft's two-tier adentification system for game codes, the account that the game was activate under originaly (daytime_ambien) no longer matches the account they now have on record (daytimeambien). I have spent hours trying to get in contact with Ubisofts support staff with no prevail. I wish I could get my money back at this point because while I would love to play this game, there is no point of it sitting there uslessly."
76561198177181543,Recommended,447040,28103752,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Little Baby,10/10 better than GTA 5
,Not Recommended,447040,30731809,Posted: 25 March,all,haha_YES,"I have a PC that completely smashes the recommended specs for this game, don't get me wrong it's got some ok gameplay and mechanics but the way it was optimized was terrible, Excruciating start up times, wonky button placement, and just constant crashing, It's a good concept but it could've been done better"
,Not Recommended,447040,28693212,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rumors,"This game has promise.  However, at present, the framerate stutters SEVERERLY in the open world, despite whatever graphics settings I give.  60 FPS in closed areas on ultra, 5 FPS driving around on minimal.  As such, I was forced to refund this game.  I'll probably wait until next year to look into it and see if it was patched to run properly.  Until then, I can't recommend this.Shame really, I was looking forward to playing and I liked what little I did get to do..."
76561198260226425,Not Recommended,447040,29654003,Posted: 2 February,all,EpicNipple ツ,Wrilly only simplified chinesee languages? youv gotta take care of that please refund!
,Not Recommended,447040,30104596,Posted: 22 February,all,Z3ROLABZ,"Played through on an AMD FX 8370/GYX 1070 rig and it blue screened me a a couple times. Now on an i7 7700k/GTX 1070 and I get a ""page File Error"" BSOD in under an hour every time. So that makes it unplayable to me. Nothing else on my system has ever crashed so I'm pretty sure it's Watch Dogs 2."
,Recommended,447040,28085211,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Phoenix™,"Awesome game and a great PC port. Map is diverse and there are many activities around to do. The side activities alone will last you hours, and then you have the story. A lot of combat and a great leveling system are incorporated into this game, along with a lot of internet references for everyone to enjoy.Overall one of the best games I've played so far this year, and lets just be glad it wasn't another No Man's Sky."
,Recommended,447040,28143917,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,★$nøøp Døge★,A very good game great optimisation and a very good gameplay
,Not Recommended,447040,33279627,Posted: 5 July,all,Nyancide,"There are very few games I don't recommend, but this is one of them. In my opinion, there's just not a lot of content."
76561198082260825,Not Recommended,447040,28814873,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BlackwidowZ93,Why is everyone acting that this game is Godly?Its a great game with an amazing map with stunning visuals....But for an AMD user like myself the game runs♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. The Fury x isnt good enough apparently even on Medium settings. I read an article claiming watch dogs will have DX12 on release that never happened. Its also filled with Nvidia Gameworks features which brings AMD cards to there knees and you cannot do anything about it. Ubisoft still sucking Nvidias♥♥♥♥♥♥and dont give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about AMD users. The damn intro has Nvidia written all over it. I am seeing 40fps in some places. Not good enough Ubisoft fix ya♥♥♥♥♥♥. And stop sucking Nvidias♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,447040,28086188,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RP X,"If this game was Jesus' last supper, it would be a good one8/8 no deb8"
,Recommended,447040,28198995,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,KriticalKat,"40 Hours to do everything in the game, including all side and main operations along with co-op operations and the races.The question is, am I dissapointed? Well the game took me around 3 days to do everything so yeah, quite a bit, I am pretty sure if I didn't spend lots of my time messing around to buy the 1.35mill preformance car I would of beaten the game a bit faster. The sad thing is, if I want more things to do I would need to buy the $40 season pass. I am sure if I play more operations with random people the DPH [Dollar per Hour] would be completed. Overall though I did have lots of fun with the game and the story missions were great, I just wish there was so much more to do, but yes I do reccomend you buy this game."
76561198272856823,Recommended,447040,28218951,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BUCYK,BEST GAME EVER
76561198291584976,Not Recommended,447040,28232369,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Exikel,"Please help. I just bought the season pass and root access pack. It says INSTALLED in the steam software, BUT when i play the game, it only says OWNED but not INSTALLED.How do i fiix this?"
,Not Recommended,447040,29213098,Posted: 12 January,all,TheMightyWountiny,"This game is AWESOME, great story, amazing grafics and textures, cool animations and actions... But still I refunded this game. Why?Because I can't get over a very unstable 40 fps (same framerate on low settings than on high) because this game is not optimized at all for AMD GPUs users. Goddamnit. It sucks because I really am a fan of Ubisoft's work but even with an Asus Strix RX 480 8GB and a i7 4790, I get huge fps drops. :/I will re-puchase this game as soon as i know this issue is fixed.Oh and by the way, for all those ""40 fps is the perfect framerate"" people, It's not that much about the framerate as it is about the drops."
76561198160338021,Recommended,447040,28084932,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,F A D E,"Such a beautiful game, the landscape, setting, gameplay and MORE...! I would recommend this to everyone."
76561198331491758,Not Recommended,447040,28677534,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,j05hua1sh3r3,ITS SOOOOO BORING EVERYTHING ON HERE IS BORING DO NOT GET  IT !!!!!!!
76561198076736863,Recommended,447040,32799444,Posted: 25 June,all,rahulwarrier,Go buy this game.. for discount even better..WD2 is really a step forward from WD1.+Freeroam is fantastic. Just roaming around in San Fransisco is  a blast. You'll come across atleast one event while freeroaming.+Online is seamless. Nothing mindblowing but it works sometimes online events feels great..sometimes+Story is really great if you're a geek/nerd there are a lot of refrences and technical words that most peaople dont get it+One huge thing they got it right is the Music. Not the radio though+Graphics is OK but there are some areas this engine shines+Dialouges are sometimes cringy but its like a flip of a coin.50/50 chance of cringy dialougs or one of the best dialougs :)
76561198127444183,Not Recommended,447040,32817953,Posted: 26 June,all,KPeaZy,Game is great when it doesn't crash... Which is everytime! Ubisoft/Steram needs to find a fix fast! Can't recommend until they fix this problem.
,Not Recommended,447040,29399454,Posted: 21 January,all,Teal Fox,"I'm getting a refund. The game itself seems good, and I want to like it.But when lowering the settings to the bare minimum do nothing to help the constant stutters, completely lockups, and even causing my motherboard to make beep codes during gameplay! I really cannot recommend the game.With other games before, I've given them the benefit of the doubt, as with DOOM and Forza Horizon 3, most of the issues have been ironed out not long after launch. Horizon 3 still gives me the same framerate at 1024x768 as it does at 4K, 42FPS. but at least it's playable.Watch Dogs 2 literally locks up entirely, and you get to watch the game gradually load in everything in the distance. As mentioned before, changing the graphics settings does nothing to help this. I don't have the most powerful system in the world, but a 4.5GHz quad-core, 16GB RAM and an 8GB overclocked RX 480 should be more than capable of handling this game on high at the very least.As I've said, I'm not waiting anymore. This was a total waste of £40, and going on the fact that Watch_Dogs has STILL not been fixed, giving me endless stuttering and lockups when driving and roaming around, I'm not waiting on Ubisoft as they may or may not fix this game. Watch_Dogs set a poor impression, as I lvoed the game, but the fact that it still hasn't been patched after a few years, I really can't put my faith in Ubisoft with Watch Dogs 2."
76561197970486732,Not Recommended,447040,29265436,Posted: 14 January,all,Captain Rickets,"Didn't care for this. Too compicated in the keybindings. Three different keys to hack, depending on... well, SOMETHING? Got  refund, thank you Steam, but this was WAY overwrought compared to the first game. Same concept, three times the keybinds."
,Not Recommended,447040,28733360,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kazuhira Miller,"Completely dissapointed. While my machine may not be a ♥♥♥♥ing super computer, I can run gta 5 on the best settings at about 40fps, it's not great, but it's pretty good. My graphics card is a GTX750ti and my cpu is a 2nd gen I7 proccessor, sure you may say that that's out of date, but when I can't even ♥♥♥♥ing drive a car at low settings without getting a ♥♥♥♥ING FREEZEFRAME EVERY 5 FEET, YAH I'M A LITTLE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's outright ridiculous, I should be able to run on HIGH settings at a solid 60fps. But no I run low settings at ♥♥♥♥ing 30 with drops every 5 feet any time I'm driving in the game. Don't get me wrong, gameplay is great, but if I CANT ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY THE GAME, THEN YAH, THATS A BIT OF A PROBLEM! FIX YOUR OPTIMIZATION! Here's the just of it, if I can run gta 5 on ultra, I should be able to run a newer game at AT LEAST high settings. AT LEAST!"
76561198156711209,Recommended,447040,28573566,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zenith001,More accurate than GTA 5. in this game you can watch dogs. in Grand Theft Auto 5 you buy cars instead of stealing them.10/10
,Recommended,447040,32920885,Posted: 28 June,all,Sharting Flamingos,good
,Recommended,447040,33041733,Posted: 30 June,all,VilaAnalka,Highly recommend this game if you find yourself interested in watching a black screen and hittin' the play button over and over.
76561198127451532,Recommended,447040,33291024,Posted: 5 July,all,spikeonaleash,"ignore the negative nancy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boys in the comments this game is awesome!!! GFX and story are top notch , gameplay is fun ! stealth is key and the kids giving bad feedback on the game plain and simple just SUCK"
76561198338807975,Recommended,447040,28148919,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,12345,I am proud of you Ubisoft.
76561198368002650,Not Recommended,447040,33314163,Posted: 6 July,all,mardorodas1,watch dogs 2 does not let me play because when i start it up it does not pass the black screen that is my problem.
,Recommended,447040,28103982,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ErFaN,I love this game.
76561198164346804,Recommended,447040,28082942,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EvilBlackAngel,"O MY GOD guys ; this game is sooo awesome ,but I have a lot of lag; i have nvidia 960,intel i7, 8 gb ram, wind 10 64 bit,4k screen however. I mean gta v doesn't have lag at all ,but this game guys, it have lag even at the lowest rezolution, but               I can play it pretty good, it doesn't bother me that much.The graphic is awesome obviosly and I love that you can do whatever you like to do in this game.Really really good game.FREEDOMMMM YEAH"
76561198306573732,Not Recommended,447040,29555796,Posted: 28 January,all,keithnara02,this game is bad in my opinion because it was just really bad in its entirety
,Recommended,447040,32604081,Posted: 20 June,all,Gunnii,"Great game, the story is good, graphics are beautiful. Not much to do when the story is done, online is annoying and not fun, 8/10 would not play again."
76561198141838858,Recommended,447040,33078644,Posted: 1 July,all,Oryza sativa,"Graphic of this game is awesome, its feel like real life. but some other VGA not support for this game"
,Recommended,447040,28026476,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,McBored,shut up and get it already!!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,28867947,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sven304,"My system:Windows 7 SP1 (64bit versions only)Processor:AMD FX 8350 @ 4.0 GHzMemory: 12 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060, with 3GBI'am update everything: graphic driver, support app, windows.But even so, this pice of s**t every time afer Ubisoft logo animation crashes."
,Not Recommended,447040,33876984,Posted: 29 July,all,Jackorias,"I really loved the original game, but this one just didn't seem to capture me. I experienced awful screen tearing and frame drops when travelling at high speed in vehicle and I think the whole story was  a little boring,"
76561198026582353,Recommended,447040,28277253,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,formerSLO,Overall decent game if you disregard the SJW undertone.Buggy though. Example:https://youtu.be/Or27wyecKgM
,Not Recommended,447040,29722723,Posted: 5 February,all,^8O^4W^6N^3E^5R,"Not worth, the game in itself is decent but too much bugs and glitches. It's not fun, it makes me redo all i have done on a mission because something bugs out."
76561198217472709,Recommended,447040,28573309,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SCRUBZERO,great game would buy again   nuff said
,Not Recommended,447040,29038013,Posted: 5 January,all,Varázskobak,"Bugs, bugs, more bugs... oh and performance issues everywhere too... I would not recomend to anyone in this state. Maybe after a few more patches there won't be game-breaking bugs and FPS drops from 70 to 24..."
,Recommended,447040,32989934,Posted: 29 June,all,Nnami,san Francisco.... bring nostalgia about san fierro lol
,Recommended,447040,28102026,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[DFS]Papyrus the lazybones,when i start the game and start my new game (just bought) when the loading screen is there my game crashes please help.but the game is good i saw other people play it
,Recommended,447040,28085532,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,stalkman farmskins.com,Definitely better than its predecessor . I would not say Ubisoft have done everything right but just about right to get this game on a roll.The graphics are incredible minus the crappy gameworks settings which serve no purpose as usual other than ruin the experience.It is safe to say that if you've played watch dogs 1 you should probably get this.Gameplay is just fine and the only con is the car control which is still ridiculous.The fast travel also seems unecessary.Every other place has a fast travel option which makes users lazy to actually drive and enjoy.My rating would be an 8/10
76561198025099814,Recommended,447040,28087584,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Inframan,"Better than the first, I loved the first one."
,Recommended,447040,28101974,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,monster32#YearOfTheOmenXIII,9.99/10
,Recommended,447040,28091131,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,insin,"So far so good! Characters are relateable and their interactions feel realistic and story so far is cool. The menu UI as well as the phone's UI are great. Getting Mr Robot vibes from some of the crew.Also, probably the first game I've bought this year that wasn't broken on release. No framerate issues, no crashes. Ubisoft actually done good. Can't believe I said it, but kudos."
76561198288182071,Not Recommended,447040,28678210,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PALY with me.,"Screw it. Game DOSNT WORK. Ubisoft isnt telling a f. about why my game is DISSABLING MY KEYBOARD.Yes. After the first Bypass mission (Tutorial) BOOM. The game says that then I have to escpae the ctOS building, making a distraction in some random object. Whats the problem?First try: Got stuck ON a wall. Controls were disabled as well.MANY of them were the same.So I decide to change resolution.Then I FINALLY got spawned on some weird room with 3 hackable doors. And im like: OK. I can get up to escape by the stairs. So I turn around the camera, found stairs. So I press W, just to: GET FREAKING STUCK.10/10 Great Game, cant play."
76561198006636366,Not Recommended,447040,28683765,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aegon Targaryen=> Jon Snow,Meh storyline. Okay gameplay. 60 eu game hell no. Intrucion of others in your world without cosent AKA hunters = instant down vote.
,Recommended,447040,29244516,Posted: 14 January,all,JaySee,Solid game
76561198318964045,Not Recommended,447040,28703403,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,(◠‿◠),"It keeps closing before I can get to the gameplay, refund my 100 USD back Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,447040,31166234,Posted: 15 April,all,QM,this is a good game
,Recommended,447040,34173510,Posted: 11 August,all,✯ Kefyras ✯ #69,...
,Recommended,447040,28481675,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,the third splash lord,"Watch Dogs 2ProsOptimized greatly. Far better than the first game in the series. Running ~40-50 fps on my rig. (See profile for specs)Includes lots of things that should have been in the first game, including great characters, an amazing story, more hacks, etc.Amazing co-op, one downside being unable to do Main Operations with friends, so you're limited to finding collectibles and some parts of certain side missions.Good character customizationConsHorrible save system for on-the-go gamers. Having to fast travel to a clothing item to force a save is a bit ridiculous.Storytelling can be weak at times, including confusing Company names and titles, often finding myself having to look on the wiki for more information regarding the topic that is being talked about in the game.Important dialogue options are sometimes skipped, keeping you from learning important plot points.Detection system is definitely strange. After shooting up a place, you'd expect a wave of cops to take you down. Maybe I missed something here, but as soon as you clear out a building, the intensity is over.Side NotesI paid the full price for this title. ($59.99 at release)This game improves entirely on Watch Dogs 1. The first game is probably not needed in order to play the sequel, but there are nods toward the first game, and a character or two may show up from the first game.I have 41 hours played on this title at the time of writing this review.SummaryWatch Dogs 2 is a great sequel to the first game in the series, expansion on the characters and story is done very well, and the hacks are amazing. The seamless coop joining is great, and can be toggled if you dislike this feature. In my opinion, Watch Dogs 2 is 100% worth the $59.99 pickup, even for newcomers to the series.The VerdictThis title is great. I would rate it a 7/10."
76561198137749707,Not Recommended,447040,33976733,Posted: 2 August,all,M1n3cr4f1s14y3r,Rather boring and gets repetitive with the same hacks that you have to use over and over. Missions are really just the same thing with a different look on them; hack this while the infinite supply of police officers try to kill you.
76561198073752160,Not Recommended,447040,28640912,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bonifacius,"Bought the game. My hopes were at the point through the roof, I bought what  I thought was one of the most critically acclaimed games of the month, I was excited. Started the game, game launcher crashed 2 times, brought me to a Uplay account screen, told me I had to make a Uplay account to proceed. No big deal, I was fine with that as long as i got to play the game. Made the account, launched the game. Everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ game crashes, I try launching the game 5 times more, game crashes everytime. I look on the internet for help, all I get is a single unfinished post that doesn't help me at all. Refunding the game now, hope the game gets fixed at which point I'll buy again."
76561198208716847,Recommended,447040,28687429,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Firelord135,I literally have not been in the game yet. It's been loading for two days. Send help.
,Recommended,447040,28113621,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Drhank,"Good performance, no downgrades. All the while considering it's an Ubisoft game, Watch Dog 1 ran poorly and was downgraded from the E3 version and it's using GameWorks. That's impressive.Runs around 60fps on my slightly old AMD hardware (though on Medium, but still looks great). So far the game is quite fun, hacking is interesting, but I've only played about a hour so far.Whatever the first game was, the sequel has improved everywhere. Get it"
76561198100449651,Not Recommended,447040,30561719,Posted: 16 March,all,Windows XP,"-Story good-Graphics 8/10-Optimization 3/10 (like evry game from♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft)If you gonna spend 60 bucks on this just dont buy for honor instead ,i spend 40 bucks on this game the worst decision in my life ,If you want smht open world just go with gta v at least that game is optimized."
76561197971697473,Not Recommended,447040,29646606,Posted: 2 February,all,BAD ASS,"this game is running like crap,,,though gta 5 looks better and runs on 70+ fps30-60 fps in 1080p on my 6700k and gtx 1070 overclocked to max lol"
76561198046673270,Recommended,447040,28057553,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SirCumference,So damn good way better than the first. Ubisoft thank you for the good port also :)
,Recommended,447040,32784380,Posted: 25 June,all,garrettB,very gud!
76561198087469534,Recommended,447040,28086759,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Daevknigh7,Well..... feel free to do whatever you like in Watch Dogs 2.
,Recommended,447040,28133209,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Eden Hack,"♥♥♥♥ing good job Ubisoft, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is dope as ****. For real people, ubisoft did right with this one, those skins are just that... skins, so the cost aint no thang. Season Passes are still stupid, but this is a step forward so good on Ubi!"
,Recommended,447040,28134125,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,some ƒucc shit,good♥♥♥♥♥♥ I returned this game so I could buy some tyler1 clothes :^)
76561198132510643,Recommended,447040,28038082,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,eclipse™,very very nice GAME !!! amazing  !!!!
,Recommended,447040,28031321,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TRPL,>Does a mission>Guard dog sees me>All of the security is now known of my wearabouts10/10
76561198366281163,Recommended,447040,32955032,Posted: 28 June,all,MRcrem,8/10
,Recommended,447040,28138345,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,50% brickdim,"Never thought I'd write this for a Ubisoft game, but, Game of the Year for me."
76561198115723444,Not Recommended,447040,28968774,Posted: 2 January,all,Rohit_47,plzz help me guys... when started to playing after formatting my pc it was working fine giving 40 fps...but now when i start the game it gives only 30 fps..ie 10 fps has been eaten away by game .. i dont know what is the prblm..plzz somebody give me a fix for this bug or prblm ...thnx in advance...
76561198145025313,Recommended,447040,28674296,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✪InfernoPhoenix✪,"""The only game that you can actually watch dogs""- Inferno10/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,28781791,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Parzival,"WD2 is very cool games. There are alot of things to do. The story is ok, the gameplay is ok. But the performance on my PC is more than awful.My configuration is as follows:CPU - i5 4590VGA - GTX 1070RAM - 16GB @ 1600My resolution is 1680x1050. And as I said above the performance is awful. It does not matter on what settings I put the graphics. The games runs around 30-40 fps. But most of the time runs at 29fps."
76561198031383772,Not Recommended,447040,35318924,Posted: 29 September,all,Revanaught,"It's really only okay.  It has a serious issue with a sense of progress.  If you don't care for the characters or the story, you will get very bored with this game very quickly."
,Recommended,447040,28128289,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Defalt,"finally we can ""watch dogs"""
,Not Recommended,447040,28806046,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"It's decent i guess, but can't seem to get it above 45 fps. Gonna wait for a performance fix."
,Not Recommended,447040,29707273,Posted: 4 February,all,DevonTrekk,"Mediocre story and weak voice acting. The driving is better than the first game, but it can be very unresponsive at higher speeds. The port is absolutely atrocious in every possible way. I've had memory leakes, extremely low framerates down to the 30s at 1080p on a 1070, and the graphics aren't that great. Only get this game if it's on sale, otherwise it's a do not buy."
76561198139549047,Not Recommended,447040,30025146,Posted: 18 February,all,josh_zeigler,"The gameplay is standard, not great but really not terrible. The infuriating thing about the game is the story. The characters that you play as who are supposed to be a cheap Anonymous knockoff seem to be so much worse than the enemy that they look to put down in the game that it makes playing the game feel like you're helping the bad guys win. And not fun  anti-hero Punisher type bad guys, but bad Orwellian type bad guys."
76561198269146313,Recommended,447040,32770943,Posted: 25 June,all,Ashvin9567,HACK THE PLANET!
,Not Recommended,447040,29525353,Posted: 27 January,all,TheGame.,"this game is sh*t. driving cars is sh*t, shooting is sh*t, almost everything in this game is sh*t, you also play as sh*t.and i bought gold edition, i am a sh*t also.i give this game sh*t/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,35462207,Posted: 3 October,all,AaDreWk,Terrible optimization for amd processes. Not like GTA in any way. Would not recommend. 5/10.
,Recommended,447040,28098080,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ladlego,"Okay, so Watch_Dogs 2 for me was great. A few bugs here and there but it is a new release, give it a break. The story line is good, full of action and intense moments.Pros:Dope♥♥♥♥♥hackerGreat StoryYOU GET A MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING QUADCOPTER!!!!Cons:A few bugsMissions are a bit repetitiveSometimes doesn't feel like you are in 'control' of Marcus, movements is a bit fiddely.Lack of different cars (If you buy this game for the driving you may be disappointed)I would defenitely recommend this game to people. Very fun."
76561198337234746,Recommended,447040,29278874,Posted: 15 January,all,Laiiittthhh,Gd Job Ubisoft i didnt expect that from u:)iam waiting ghost recon i hope its worth itkeep it up
,Recommended,447040,30668739,Posted: 22 March,all,DeathPaCiTo,"It just really awesome every experience in this game, SPEND IT, IT WORTH"
,Recommended,447040,29249608,Posted: 14 January,all,GrimGlottis,Selfie simulator
76561198303439999,Not Recommended,447040,29686039,Posted: 3 February,all,MEGA REAPER85,woulden't work when i started it i just wanted to play
76561198299858705,Recommended,447040,28278208,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,★Zyko1058™★ [LF Freestyle Mate],I think i need some help... when i start the game on steam it cames up the uplay platform and then it closed up like i didn`t open it.. can someone help me pls?
,Recommended,447040,29252642,Posted: 14 January,all,will fuck for 20 cents,it nice
,Not Recommended,447040,29053113,Posted: 5 January,all,Hugh Jass,"the game is overall very tedious and just simply not fun. it seems just going through missions are a chore to get the actually fun part. the piece of straw that finally broke the camels back, is when running from police, every 8-12 seconds a police cruiser will show up right the ♥♥♥♥ in front of you out of f*cking no where and reset your ""escape counter"" back to 100. this is nothing new, though. in the original watch_dogs, a very similar thing would happen with cops being near goddamn impossible to escape and you were better off quite litterally throwing a ♥♥♥♥ing grenade at your feet if the cops get alerted. the difference between the two, is that the original was 1, fun 2, rarely made it a mission to escape cops, and 3, would help you with the road hacking obsticles THAT YOU CAN'T ♥♥♥♥ING SEE. i don't know if i'm missing something but i havent seen a single time when a steam pipe or a traffic light has helped me whatso♥♥♥♥ingever when escaping police. and dont say ""heah well you just SuCK aT ThE GamE DoN't YOu"" i lost my save file on the original and it took me less than three days to beat it again.tl;dr: the game is tedious as♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's no more than a choreand don't call me fat cause your fat too, ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,447040,29250998,Posted: 14 January,all,EinarK,Hey look a good game made by Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,447040,29527633,Posted: 27 January,all,♛Gulfurs♛,did not work
,Recommended,447040,28356833,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jajajajajajajaja,"The main mission (story) is too short. I wish DedSec having more problem to solve and more main misson to do. Btw, it's a good game"
76561198345773737,Recommended,447040,28206403,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,manmanlai1206,"Great game. I do love being a hacker and doing sth without actually getting into the restriction areas. The drone and jumper are damn useful. Recommend to those who love stealth .But I would like to ask if there are anybody who fxxking hate the final mission with wrench. I have a bad aiming and slow reaction to hostile movements. I hate open fire approach and rocket launchers. I have spent more than an hour to figure out that I can adjust to easy mode to pass the mission. Man, I have died many times with wrench and launchers. :((It would be better if the final mission can allow more stealthy though."
76561198136981128,Recommended,447040,28453707,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tegman,"Watch Dogs 2 has been very enjoyable the only problem I have had with it so far was/is with the multiplayer. Let me explain, It has only happened to me once but it still was annoying. I joined someone's game to try to hack them when I saw him through my drone I watched him get hit by a police car which blew up on top of him, then he was running around again when I started the download for his data he ran in the other direction as I went to hide. Within the next moments just after I had taken cover he materialized behind me before shooting me in the back. Again the game has been very fun other than that one time."
,Recommended,447040,29083177,Posted: 7 January,all,T.w² | Breeze,Such a fun game it's like a better GTA V
76561198077525622,Recommended,447040,30397329,Posted: 8 March,all,xXxbloodymessxXx,buy this for  way cheaper herehttps://www♥♥♥♥♥com/r/user-58c063fe550fc
,Recommended,447040,28855246,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,m4wzs,"This is by far one of the best games or 2016 gameplay wise.  The graphics are not the best and it is not close to 100% optimized, but the story is amazing.  If you have a good pc that can run this go ahead and get it, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,447040,28331520,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,3lectriSツ hellcase.com,"good game, graphics, storyamazing game"
76561198100362086,Recommended,447040,28333500,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Gwink,BLUF... Great game. Got around 40 hours worth of entertaining gameplay. Now after all side missions and story is completed I'm extremely bored with it... I would say wait untill this game is on sale for around $40. Not quite worth $60. Games that provide less than 60 hours worth of game play should cost accordingly.
,Recommended,447040,28281665,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,✪ J-M ✪,nice
76561198132812456,Recommended,447040,28027991,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Captanegan,Great game so far. Marcus is a solid character.
,Recommended,447040,28079502,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,-=V=-,"It just released so there seem to be a lot of problems with the game.After digging around I found a solution for my problem and my game doesn't crash on launch(I ran Steam.exe as an admin once and then it worked for every other time)If I use NVIDIA's GeForce Experience settings, there seems to be some drops, but I think its pretty good considered how good it's graphics are and how it just released.Just give the developers time. Aside from the optimization, I can say the gameplay is 10/10 and you can be very creative with how you want to approach your mission (""creativity"" as in rushing in and spamming your tazer gun on multiple enemies)I rate this 9/10 right nowwoulld blow myself up by accident again"
,Recommended,447040,28299934,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,トール,"I thoroughly enjoyed the original, but looking back, this is so much betterThe game is entirely different to the original with a new cast (which actually has emotion) and a different city with different vibes.There are new mechanics, still kept the stealth and hacking theme and at the same time creatinbg a good story.So far in the multiplayer, i haven't encountered any hackers or any people who aren't dedicated top a co op missionThe only problem with this game is that the story felt short to me and that the game usually lingers around 50-60 fps with a gtx 1070.So overall i rate this game 9/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,28769850,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RobieV72,"I can't recommend this game as I can't get it to launch. I see alot of positive reviews and I wonder how you all got it to work .. I have an above spec PC, all drivers are up to date and yet it still doesn't launch .. I'm also unsure why the Uplay Launcher even has to launch when I'm launching it from steam ... anyway, if you want a hassle free gaming experience don't waste your hard earned cash on this untill it's totally fixed, and launchable .."
,Not Recommended,447040,33444098,Posted: 10 July,all,Jiggaw,"Doesn't compare to the first watch dogs and reason is.../joke startThere isn't enough of Jordi chin at all,Until Jordi is there to do phone calls i ain't changing my mind./joke endEdit:Since some people are stiff when it comes to details i will enlighten you,In first watch dogs there was more challenge and fun than using RC Car to do your whole job ez pz and to top that helicopter to have view it's fun but yes you only interact with 1 object most of the first early missions thus being ez aside from guiding a person to safety using some cam like the first WD, this one is simplified not my type.now back to WD1 it was fantastic! why? you would do the whole job yourself and get in a lot of trouble with some comedy spice cause the infamous and most successful WD series character ""Jordi Chin"" that means you have less idea of the better character also not to forget (Defalt) he was interesting aspect of WD1 but in this WD2 the only interesting character is T-Bone.Also the story felt boring and long at the end you won't feel entrapped in it like WD1.Gameplay: Fun and simple like your typical game.Helicopter? Shut it downCops? Less persistentThis is a gem that lost it shine cause most of the time whenever series gets going the less likely it would suck compared to the first version even if the first only contained the idea or defined it."
,Recommended,447040,29224940,Posted: 13 January,all,dellikS,Prea stecher acest joc
,Not Recommended,447040,28813776,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Motovector,"Beware there is a high chance the game will crash within 5 mins of play time!!  You may even make it 10 hours like myself, but then the game will non stop crash on you.  My computer is plenty fast, and I hate writing negative reviews.  However this is just ridiculous.  Do yourself a favor, and search crash, crashes, crashing in disscussion before you buy the game.  HEY UBISOFT...  AT LEAST LET US KNOW THAT YOU ARE WORKING ON THESE ISSUES.    I will go do some community service and 100 hail mary's now and hope the UBI gods will shine down another few hours of game play for me......."
76561198072360507,Recommended,447040,29081855,Posted: 7 January,all,MbaYo,Iz ok
,Recommended,447040,29223611,Posted: 13 January,all,Fucking Retard. HDNW.,Best Game Ever The Problem My PC Doesnt Launch But I Have This Game On PS4.
76561198131201404,Not Recommended,447040,33266485,Posted: 5 July,all,YoungMan,"I do not recommend this game to play with your friends because as long as I play this game, I can not join my friends but if joining other players randomly it works."
,Not Recommended,447040,31117725,Posted: 13 April,all,Odintsova,i still don't know what kind of story this game trying to express.
76561198322250677,Recommended,447040,28849339,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Genji Main,10/10
76561198114815735,Recommended,447040,29820526,Posted: 10 February,all,Mr Benson,IT
,Recommended,447040,32939766,Posted: 28 June,all,Michael Voorhees,"watch dogs 2... its ok, honestly think the first is better. i feel like with this they tried to do too much and made it feel forced or crowded with what you can do. use to be press 1 thing to blow up steam pipes or to hack someone now you cant do it while driving , which means stopping a LOT to get the good things you drive by. story is nice, hacking other people seems much less rewarding since the point system and reward changed .. probs give 6"
,Recommended,447040,32947018,Posted: 28 June,all,Meeh,"Best open world i've played ever,way better than watch dogs 1,watch dogs 1 charcters feel sad and depressed but watch dogs 2 are really funny and happy"
76561198148928456,Recommended,447040,32968573,Posted: 28 June,all,McShoeless,"All I can say is pretty graphics, gameplay is meh..."
76561198289222655,Recommended,447040,32982814,Posted: 29 June,all,CangJolsky,love
,Recommended,447040,33022683,Posted: 29 June,all,Alaskka,"even if you didnt like the fist one, give this game a chance!!! super fun and runs nice!!!"
,Recommended,447040,28369450,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[SMERG] Brusanan,"I was really looking forward to the first one, but I never wound up playing it because it looked like the game was a complete mess at launch, and it was panned in the reviews.I'm a few hours into Watch_Dogs 2 and it seems to be everything I hoped the first one would be. So, thumbs up for now, until the game proves otherwise.I am getting some severe frame drops at times, and the game has a HUGE memory leak. Plus every time I start the game up it turns the back lighting on my keyboard off, and I have to toggle it on again. Hopefully these issues will be fixed in future patches."
76561197977663001,Not Recommended,447040,29675393,Posted: 3 February,all,jparb02,First steam game asking me to put a CD in my PC...
76561198209555200,Recommended,447040,32769738,Posted: 25 June,all,TheRedReeno330,Watch_Dogs 2 is a grate game. You get to experience a hackers journey. The hacker and the hacker's group expose companies for what thay do bad.
76561198042590261,Recommended,447040,29108608,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
,Not Recommended,447040,28883742,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Undercover KGB Agent,"Do not purchase if you do not have a cpu with 4 or more cores, as ubisoft never optimizes their games and makes playing games like wd2 impossible for some people."
76561198126910002,Recommended,447040,32854575,Posted: 27 June,all,TheDragonIsReal,einai  gtp
,Recommended,447040,30726157,Posted: 25 March,all,Niggy Minaj,Well can't♥♥♥♥♥♥on ubi this time.
,Recommended,447040,28104478,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ryan7331,Better than Watch_Dogs 1. Ubisoft made an optimized PC port for once. Buy it.
,Recommended,447040,28082525,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ZiCell,"dis sum gud gaemAnd that's how you optimize, everyone. Even a 5 year old rig can run it with a good frame counter. Ubisoft games are getting better and better with every new release. Their engineers are da real MVPs.i cry"
76561198039544278,Recommended,447040,28082742,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jack Napier,Good game.
76561198034143880,Recommended,447040,33458526,Posted: 11 July,all,PocketRocket69,nice game but would be nicer if you could personalise your character in the game its not like everybody can identify tehmself with a teenage black nerd that beats people up with a jojo :-)
76561198207538524,Recommended,447040,32161419,Posted: 3 June,all,Jacky Chan,I really like this game but everytime when i try to hack haum's servers my game crashes.
76561198273514881,Recommended,447040,28109730,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Benlau0204,Better than watch dog
,Recommended,447040,32483740,Posted: 16 June,all,Matiels,Fun so far.
,Not Recommended,447040,29413384,Posted: 21 January,all,Dildozer,This game is hot trash and controls are awkward
76561198059639875,Recommended,447040,29271338,Posted: 15 January,all,Itamar,this game is amazing i cant believe ubishit made this game! so much better than the first crappy gamebetter character better fighting skills...so much fun but the driving sucks♥♥♥♥♥overall this game rocks will fap again IGN 10/10.5
,Recommended,447040,28659679,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CjText,For me its was hard cause its was laggy but its fun to play with high tec computers
,Recommended,447040,29238955,Posted: 13 January,all,KILL3R_G4M3R,Just throw your money on this u wont regret :-)
76561198222570272,Not Recommended,447040,29792944,Posted: 8 February,all,Daver,"Not a bad game,  that is when I can get it to run. I had no issues playing this game until the last patch. Now it's a crapshoot to get it to work. Sometimes just rebooting gets it to start. On the rare occasion, deleting Uplay and reinstalling it helps. Last time I got WD2 to run, I validated the files in Steam. That's only worked once.I've tried all the fixes that Ubisoft recommends, but with no success.  I really get the impression that they don't give a ♥♥♥♥ that their patch broke  something.Never say never, but I think I'm done with Ubisoft games.i7-4790K 16G Ram GTX980"
,Not Recommended,447040,30784459,Posted: 27 March,all,Nigerian Ambassador,Game is broken as hell
,Recommended,447040,33256479,Posted: 4 July,all,☭Sloshy`,its ok
76561198038486289,Not Recommended,447040,31352757,Posted: 25 April,all,VB {VIC},This is a brilliant game and was right up to the last update where the keys to the right of the spacebar don't function and are are no longer mappable. This has renedered the game hard to play for many who still use the arrow keys.The big issue for me is the absolute lack of response in the forums from anyone at UBISOFT and because of that I'm going to give a bad rating for what is an excellent game.UBISOFT YOUR SUPPORT SUCKS
,Recommended,447040,30751021,Posted: 26 March,all,Fr0st_P1xel,"Soooo, I have played watch_dogs at hardest difficulty, Finished only the intro part of this one, hence my views on it as of now are these:Keeps you immersed in the environment of the game for a long time, does become a bit of a hassle when you are given a lot of choices to tackle your mission but hey, its great.Since I have played only 30 mins of this I can't really say more than that, but I will say this, I ain't getting a refund on this one :)If you love the whole stealth hacking genre this should keep you hooked up. :)"
,Not Recommended,447040,29906833,Posted: 13 February,all,strixus,"Unless you have a pc worth £10,000 this game will not run at over 30fps because it is poorly optimised for pc."
,Not Recommended,447040,28394841,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,VaginaSurprise!,"dips to 25hz with a rx480 at max settings without msaa, fog, motion blur, dof, extra detail at 1080p on win7"
,Recommended,447040,30783607,Posted: 27 March,all,big slappy,i would die for marcus
,Recommended,447040,30779947,Posted: 27 March,all,07_Sev,Well optimized port. I think this game is the reason why you should get a gaming pc instaid of a console. You can have a better console expiriance with this game than on the consoles themselves.
,Recommended,447040,29283255,Posted: 15 January,all,Pope Pootis csgolive.com,"This is  good game. It's like GTA 5, but with hacking...10/10 not enough water"
,Recommended,447040,30753227,Posted: 26 March,all,OldManArmy,I can't beleive this is an Ubisoft game. After years of what felt like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my money away on broken promises this one delivers in spades.  Well worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,447040,29255583,Posted: 14 January,all,LykkanTV,better than Sleeping dogs
76561198370943817,Recommended,447040,32334123,Posted: 10 June,all,Ka1oqn,i dont have sd key.
76561198214332575,Recommended,447040,34020264,Posted: 4 August,all,Treepapaer,l like dis
,Not Recommended,447040,28671954,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LetchikSnayper,"Bought the game, spent 2 hours trying to make it not stutter. And when I managed to stop the stuttering I find that game crashes are frequent. 3 times in the space of 30 mins on a I7 and GTX 970"
76561198144711098,Recommended,447040,34312585,Posted: 17 August,all,᠌ ᠌,great!
76561198143631895,Recommended,447040,33052544,Posted: 30 June,all,Death_stalker,One of the good game
,Recommended,447040,28178646,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FxckingChunくん,"cops 0/10 , non-stop shooting until I dead"
,Recommended,447040,29232889,Posted: 13 January,all,im eskimo,such a seamless hacking mechanic deserves huge recognition. i am astounded at the creativity that this game brings out in people. i let my freind play and watched him figure out a couple missions . the multitude of ways that you can get to point b is astounding. oh whats that you need to sneak past 14ish armed guards... why not call some gang members on them to distract them and take them out from behindlay a few traps and draw them in with that annoying taunt you upgraded your jumper withstun the same guy 50 times while you try to figure out how to get out alive with a cunning escape plan... or ♥♥♥♥ it shotty the ♥♥♥♥ out of them and blow another dude up with some gas pipes.honestly this game is so entertaining i love it. the massive world and the multiplayer mechanic is so interesting and effortless. though a bit distracting if you are on your way to the next objective and a mental♥♥♥♥♥♥speeds past you in his custom sports car with his buddy shotgun firing rounds at you with his 3d printed akbut this is a very good expansive game with likeable characters (wrench is og bro)
,Recommended,447040,32836636,Posted: 26 June,all,Traq,10/10 Would Call The Mafia To Drive-by Random People Again.
,Recommended,447040,28333458,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Supreme Grand Master K. Draigo,Watch Dogs 2 is like the older brother of Watch Dogs 1. You got more stuff to use and to do and you got way more to laugh!
,Recommended,447040,28085154,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sanpachi,"The game released at the wrong time. It's my final week at uni, and I suddenly open the game.Spent many hours on this game instead of studying XDI LOVE THIS GAMEThis game has well optimization. Everything is beautiful <3I enjoyed spending time hacking through the place with many tactics.I haven't finish that many quests although I spent 7hrs (now) on this gamejust because I enjoy hacking through many places and stealing money from many places LOLOther players can hack your data, so you have to find them, and you can hack others too.It was fun when I was escaping from those cops, and someone was helping the cops by trying to kill me.There are much more details in the game.Just don't play this when you are in your exam period"
76561198191093037,Recommended,447040,28096801,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FSM Squirrel,Let's just make it clear this game is watch dogs but better 9/10
,Recommended,447040,28102121,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr.SnowMonster,"Awesome game, but laggs like f on my computer with a gtx 1070 :("
,Recommended,447040,28058591,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Edi,GOTY 2k17best ubi game to date!
76561198084340032,Recommended,447040,28067501,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,yjwu1104,This game is awesome!! Better than the first one!
,Recommended,447040,28089257,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zodiac011,"This game is so much fun both solo and with friends or other players. Great graphics, decently optimized (Better optimized than Mafia 3 or ARK:SE) very realistic world with lots to do and see, easily the most realistic game that currently exists, you can go around and take pictures or things, dance or taunt in front of AI people and they will react in different ways, go to different tourist attractions and buy themed clothing, walk near animals like seagulls or sea lions and they will move away, you can 'pet' dogs around the map, take pictures of cool things to get the WD2 equievelant of Twitter followers to unlock skill points to get hacking upgrades. The vehicles don't control super well and the game runs at 30-45fps at the recommended optimized settings that Nvidia GeForce Experience told me to go with and even some high-end hardware has apparently struggled, the new drivers specifically for WD2 (376.09) have caused crashing and an FPS decrease for lots of people, there is a lot of DLC and an expensive season pass but thats optional, the deluxe edition came with 2 of those clothing packs and 1 of them is free for everyone on the store. I played like 1-2 hours of Watch Dogs 1 for the first time a few weeks back and that game is quite boring and empty and Watch Dogs 2 is what 1 should have been.This game is a great game and definitely worth buying, easily one of the best games of 2016 and definitely the best open world sandbox game since GTA 5 back in 2013, this game is worth it even at full price imo but if you aren't convinced then waiting for sales is always an option if you are patient or don't have money and you most likely won't be dissapointed with WD2 if you like GTA 5, Mafia 3 or Watch Dogs 1.Finally Ubisoft hasn't downgraded the graphics for a game and done a playable PC port, not sure if Far Cry Primal took a downgrade but the graphics on that game were still great and had good performance on my GTX 960 2gb ssc, i5 4460 and 8gb ram, Far Cry 3, Far Cry 4 and Rainbow Six Siege weren't exactly the best games on PC in terms of optimization and graphics since they were all severly downgraded and especially RSS runs 50-60fps medium on my PC and looks horrible, WD2 is finally a good PC port. Thank you Ubisoft.Also Ubisoft, PLEASE ADD 4 PLAYER CO-OP ONLINE INSTEAD OF JUST 2, YOU CAN HAVE 3 PLAYERS GANG UP TO TAKE DOWN 2 PLAYERS CAUSING TROUBLE IN THE BOUNTY HUNTER MODE SO IT OBVIOUSLY ALLOWS UP TO 5 PLAYERS BUT NO 4 PLAYER FREEROAM... WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥, ADD THIS RIGHT ♥♥♥♥ING NOW!EDIT: March 26th 2017 and the game still runs quite poorly, I have upgraded my PC since this review so I'm on a GTX 1070 and now with 16gb RAM, same CPU still, I get a bottleneck but I still only get 30-50ish FPS at ultra preset with ultra texture pack, i've seen people with the same specs getting 60fps at the same settings, I'm just unlucky and always cop the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in these games, I would play this more but it's hard to play with stutters and fps drops all the time on such a beast PCEDIT: August 20th, I've changed to a z270m motherboard so I could get an i7 7700k and got 2x8gb DDR4 and a cryorig H7 cooler for it, the game now runs 60-70fps at ultra preset with ultra texture at 1080p, i've had drops as low as 50fps and no stutters anymore, the bottleneck is gone and the game is smooth and fun. This game just need a 1060 6gb and a fast i7 to get 60fps at ultra the 1060 6gb doesn't really run much worse than the 1070 in this game as it's so CPU intensive. Ubisoft has also added 4 player co-op, i'm so thankful for that. Now what they should do is add a bunch of guns from Watch Dogs 1 like the m1911 and supressed one, supressed mac-10, mp5, guns like that, this game lacks guns and only has like 2 supressed guns and it's a stealth game"
,Recommended,447040,28089903,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,IMNOTAMONKEY,Return of good Ubisoft?
,Recommended,447040,28098529,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Luxi IqDK,The game is very good and fun to play with high graphics. Worth the 60 euros. First time iEVERpayed full price.It's a mix between GTA 5 and Saints Row The Third.Wish there were online sessions in this game too.We are Dedsec_v2.0. We do not forgive. We do not forgot. Expect us.11/10
76561198200201139,Recommended,447040,28230825,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,KappaMCC,Well at first it was really fun but then it started crashing
76561198278261194,Recommended,447040,28239128,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,UNCLE,"made it to the second best game on my personal list, the graphics are very impressive on low (i play on high) the story and the gameplace it self just leaves me speachles. i highly recomend this game to anyone who is not sure of buying it or not.the only thing that needs to be fixed/changed it the physics of the game. i dont like the way the car falls and yhi give this game a 50/10 yup that good"
,Recommended,447040,28096920,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mŗ.P̸eps̛i͏ # [_] <<<,bro u got hacked
,Recommended,447040,28200318,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lemon,This is a great game.
76561198070542592,Recommended,447040,28201477,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Relax,Bee movie is still on my list of top fav games
76561198251498874,Recommended,447040,28086115,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,: !,"Runs pretty well on medium settings on my system! (920m i5 processor) But more importantly, so far it's a lot of fun to just ♥♥♥♥ around San Francisco and work on some of the main quests."
76561198108021907,Recommended,447040,28092005,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ThunderBird,What an amazing game... Really guys you made the best game ever !!!
76561198046743625,Recommended,447040,28092917,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,skottdtchlnd,"I've actually been playing this on PS4 for the last couple weeks, so I have more than 7.7 hours clocked in. This is a good game. It isnt serious and dark like the first Watch Dogs, so if you're looking for more gloom and doom, this probably isn't for you. If you're looking for bright colors, rainbow farting unicorns, and insane hobos who go around shouting nonsense at their invisible friends, you might like this game.There is a lot more to do in Watch Dogs 2 than there was in the first....both online and offline. Other players can still hack you, unless they ""push the wrong button"" and draw attention to themselves. You can still hack other players. As far as stealth goes, there IS still a stealth element involved, but it's not the same as the first game. In this game, there are multiple ways to do everything, but you still want to try to sneak since you die after getting shot a few times (not many at all). And the story line is humorous overall."
,Recommended,447040,32419164,Posted: 14 June,all,Tonitron,más de 60 h jugadas lo dicen todo.
76561198293000110,Recommended,447040,33427982,Posted: 10 July,all,Freeman,just good
,Recommended,447040,32808666,Posted: 26 June,all,Skittles,"It's a surprisingly good game. Story is refreshing compared to the first game, the characters are better built and thought out and the environment is more real."
,Recommended,447040,31231949,Posted: 18 April,all,gdogwoof,"I have probably spent more time insulting civs to get them to hit me so another civ would call the cops on them, than I have spent playing missions.Of course, there's always that goody-two-shoes mediator that I have to put down."
,Not Recommended,447040,29075234,Posted: 6 January,all,Guthar,"I want to really like this game. It has many of the features I enjoy in games. However It is very hard for me to recommend it to anyone that doesn't have a beast of a PC. I have a i7-4790k, GTX 770, 12GB or ram. I can run almost every game on max settings and get 60 FPS. For instance I run GTAV on almost max settings at 1080p and get 60+ fps all the time.This game however I can't even get 50 on the lowest settings possible at 1080p. During intense moments I will be lucky to get 30. I have tinkered with Nvidia control panel settings. I have the newest drivers. Nothing changes. I have even tried 720 res. Still nothing gets me above 50 fps.The game seems to eat up VRAM like candy even on the lowest settings. While others are complaining about having 1070s and still not being able to get a stable 60 fps.This game is the oppisite of optimized."
76561197971562414,Not Recommended,447040,31210311,Posted: 17 April,all,Korsobar,"Frequent freezes and crashes, a lackluster story, and cringe worthy characters.  Game looks really great for the 15 minutes or so that I can get it to run for before it crashes."
76561197973248279,Not Recommended,447040,29705078,Posted: 4 February,all,firehardt_68,"This game has the potential to be really good, but it locks up or crashes constantly. Unbelieveable load times. I can honestly start this game and make a sandwich and EAT the whole sandwich before this game loads. Multiplayer could be cool, but EVERYTIME I have a co-op player the game freezes without exception. The days of finished games I guess are a thing of the past. Now it's deal with broken games and TRY to enjoy it through it's many flaws. Is it any wonder my game library continues to grow with older games,  you know the ones that actually play/work. (Sighs.)"
,Recommended,447040,29213084,Posted: 12 January,all,DoubleDogg6,"Did you play Watch_Dogs 1?Did you not like Watch_Dogs 1?Then this is the game for you!Let me sum this up really quick: Better characters, better story, better everything.This is what Watch_Dogs 1 should have been. Its actually a DECENT Ubisoft game.Keep up this work Ubi"
,Recommended,447040,29212499,Posted: 12 January,all,Vectre,More light-hearted than the prequel. For once all the main characters in the game actually get on with each other and aren't trying to betray each other. It's kinda refreshing. The game brings the open-world fun of GTA and mixes it with a pretty solid story-line and the ability to hack stuff...what's more fun than that?
,Recommended,447040,28730655,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,its ok
76561198146880079,Recommended,447040,28777248,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Riley Freeman,this game is very fun i find it not boring at all i totally recommend this game
76561198205016763,Recommended,447040,28779193,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DAT BOI,best game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,447040,33247282,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
76561198273557527,Not Recommended,447040,30574645,Posted: 17 March,all,WOLFY,I have been playing this game for 5 months now and they are still not fixing my missisg dlcs these ubisoft guys are lazier than i thought fix the god damh problem and dont say about verifying files or reinstalling cuz i already did those i wish i could just get a refund and pay to real working developers
76561198271856782,Recommended,447040,29302535,Posted: 16 January,all,jonathanconspiracy,Despite Of Some Less Noticable Glitches and Little bit Of Strutter The Game is Well And Good Far Better Than Previous One At Least I Played This one An Hour More Than previous One
,Recommended,447040,28098461,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jamvng,"just starting the game, you can already tell the game improves on the first in every way. more lighthearted and funny, more options for hacking, good mission design.optimization is good, though it can get performance heavy with some graphic settings, but it runs about as well as I expect a game that looks this good to run."
76561198043749530,Recommended,447040,28085677,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JawaJuice,"Not bad overall, get some frame drop when going super fast in a car but apart from that it's running pretty smooth and looks great, gameplay is a bit repetitive but what can you expect from games now"
76561198017613417,Recommended,447040,28087520,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Graphicx,Optimized games in 2016 lul
76561198013475377,Recommended,447040,28089361,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Knyn,Seems alot better than the first and no performance issues. See below!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDlNFJAPN-Y
,Recommended,447040,28089418,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,cortex,very nice pc gamehavent been hooked with one since gta/csgorate 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28089838,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,THRILLHO,"this game is fun in ways I was not expecting.  After being disappointed with WD1, I am thoroughly pleased with WD2 and am definitely interested in a future WD3. GG Ubi"
76561198011267741,Recommended,447040,28092897,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Really_Dazed,"Tried to get one gang member out of his hideout by calling the police on him. Implicating him in a crime.As the police arrive, i noticed i forgot i proximity-boobytrapped a pipe in the middle of the street they were approaching.The cars blow up.The police think the gang did it.An all-out gang/police shoot out starts.Only one left is a single police man looking at all the bodies and empty police cars.I taz him and get the $1400 watch i wanted in the hideout >.>"
76561198015321641,Recommended,447040,28084352,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RowanV,"I've only played this game for a couple of hours now, so far so good. I really enjoyed the first Watch Dogs game despite its problems and this one looks to be much better. I do have to say the optimization of this game is really bad. Do yourself a favor and look at the benchmarks online so you know what to expect. I run the game at a resolution of 3440 x 1440, settings mostly high and I get 40 - 45 fps with my R9 Fury. The game looks good, but nothing that justifies how taxing it is for your GPU.That being said, everything else seems to be working well. Mouse and keyboard controls are logical and it all works well. I connected a dualshock 4 controller and it recognized it perfectly."
,Recommended,447040,28100764,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ÏŤ,"A very good game, addicted to this game, better than the 1st one, good optic also."
,Recommended,447040,28101258,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sentinel,"Great game. Kudos to Ubisoft for a well optimized PC game, hopefully you guys will keep this up and your sales on PC go up again.Things that I have enjoyed:+ Game performance is SUPER! Although i dint max it out, i played the game on High settings (which looks to me like Medium) and the game runs at 70-85 fps on my underclocked CPU (specs below)+ The protagonist, Marcus, is likeable. Not my favourite character design but he is OK, there is unexpected humour in him and the characters around him are also not boring so that makes the game very chill in a way.+ No map lock. The entire city is available to explore from the start of the game and you can go where ever you want, and just like real life, all clothing shops/vending machines/car shops are already marked on your map and you can fast travel to them without destroying any ""Templar towers"" if you know what I mean.+ Unlike older Ubisoft games where you are forced to play the story to unlock ""necessary"" gadgets, this game asks for no such thing, you can unlock all your skills just by exploration/side quests, the more you explore and do stuff, the faster you can gain XP (followers) and the faster you can unlock the skills of your choice.+ Side missions are really fun, I loved that ATM Hack mission where you can just go around and give/take away money from random strangers and see how they react to it (really giggled me up). The spray paint missions are also fun because its always a puzzle to figure how to physically get on top of the building roof tops without any flight access, so far I jumped off highways, use forklifts and even construction cranes in the most creative ways to get things done.+ Lively and rich atmosphere. Although the streets sometimes feel a bit deserted and traffic is low, the NPCs are more realistic in this game, feels like they are more aware of what’s happening around them. The cops are great too, placing APBs on your targets (or anyone for that matter) will make the cops chase them until they are taken down.+ Seamless multiplayer. You can jump in and out of multiplayer without any loading screens which I thought was really cool.Bugs that I encountered:- Vehicles would spawn 250 - 300m away from my location when I request for my vehicle delivery through the ""car on demand"" app.- Driving is still a little bit wonky and nowhere close to the comfort I get on GTA 5. The car crash animations are really lazy and I don't understand why there is so much dust every time you collide with other cars.- If you die and respawn, or drive like 200m away from where you left any local street vehicle (not your personal vehicle), the entire map just resets, dont know why they did this. It bothered me because I would use those trucks to create a ramp on the highway then bring my car around to the highway to make the jump but only to see that the truck has disappeared -_-EDIT: Forgot to leave my specs:i5 4670 (underclocked to 2.7 Ghz from 3.4 Ghz)Nvidia GTX 970 3.5 GB8 GB 2100 MHz RAM"
,Recommended,447040,28058330,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Heinrick Sanchetz,I quite enjoy this game.  Way superior from the origianl Watch_Dogs! 9/10
,Recommended,447040,28060534,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,gumby,"BUY IT IF YOU LIKE A MODERN HACKING STYLE GAME AND IF YOU WANT TO DO FREE RUN AND PARKOUR(parkour in this game include alot of flips and modern♥♥♥♥♥♥not like AC so i recommend it if you like this game because of parkour but you will have to learn when to use sprint and jump button in order to do flips, i'm making a video how to do it so  click on my profile if you want the link to the video and BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME NOW)"
,Recommended,447040,28086431,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VanguardSean,"Better than WD1, a great PC port!"
,Recommended,447040,28086716,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,"Great, game.. I accidentally got the russian version (xD)  by mistake but it was quickly solved by the settings on steam.  Great story and gameplay..  Recommended!"
,Recommended,447040,33492840,Posted: 12 July,all,Agent Deathbat,"For the record, I don't recommend paying $60 for this game or paying full price for the DLC. If you find a deal for $30 or less, ♥♥♥♥ing take it, because at that price it's well worth it. This game is a pretty good experience.Performance -- this actually surprised me, because I've heard constant complaints about this game being a CPU hog, or as some people say, ""unoptimized,"" and I came in thinking it would go through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ past the intro, but the majority of the game I was averaging, and this is without temporal filtering on, mid-50s to 60 at High settings (mid 30s at ultra, but the jump to ultra doesn't improve visuals enough for me to run the game at 33-35 fps) with an i5 3550, GTX 1050 Ti, and 8GB RAM. CPU usage was pegged at 100% the majority of the time, but I never encountered any stuttering whatsoever, bar a memory issue with the Ultra Texture pack.Gameplay - it's a lot less ridiculous compared to Assassin's Creed in regards to parkour and the rest feels a lot like a hacker's version of Grand Theft Auto, driving mechanics is even pretty close to GTA (I own the game through RGSC and have about 150 hours in the game, so I should know) as well.Story - This is what connected me the most to this game. I've always been a fan of games that expose conspiracies (hence the insane hour count in both Jensen-era Deus Ex games), and this story does not disappoint. You have to stop a company that colludes with multiple other companies and the government to control your life, and I felt compelled to take them down after every ♥♥♥♥ing mission.Overall, it's a good game, even a great game. I wouldn't necessarily pay $60 since the fact that the game didn't even take 30 hours for me means that's $2 per hour of gameplay, but I got my money's worth at $30."
76561198291615283,Not Recommended,447040,29134177,Posted: 8 January,all,Kirito2228,as soon as i bought game i tried playing it it said i needed a disc to play i couldnt even get to the game and enjoy it
76561198354006285,Recommended,447040,29285668,Posted: 15 January,all,Silversouls,yesxD 8/10
,Recommended,447040,29285603,Posted: 15 January,all,EditorialCheeze,Great game. Though I seem to have a problem my game gets solid 40-50 fps but when I'm driving my game plummets to 20ish fps. Someone please help.
76561198029221967,Recommended,447040,28435597,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hurvey Dernts,can not recommend for more than 20 dollars
,Recommended,447040,28192597,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Damocles,"The game is amazing, way more content you can do than in Watch_Dogs, Watch_Dogs 2 offers more ways to complete many objectives. It runs very well on PC, of course depending on your specs but Nvidia 970 with i5 processor runs this game so smoothly on high graphics, i do have a gaming laptop. If you have a laptop or computer built for gaming it should be able to run it on med-high settings easily. One of the better ported games for PC on release."
,Recommended,447040,33494552,Posted: 12 July,all,SWAG MAN,Fun game to buy on your birthday but i dont like how you have to upgrade things
,Recommended,447040,29410604,Posted: 21 January,all,Lopper,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnzsLm6I0KE&t=47sI'm sure no-one wants me to ramble on so I'll just say whats good and whats bad. Go down to the bottom for final ratings.Positives:Story- The story is pretty good and lengthy, the characters are interesting and makes for a rather entertaining game. They could of done a lot more with it though, it felt very similar to the first game where you just have to take down some big online digital crime stuff or something like that.Setting- San Francisco is quite a good setting and although I don't know how accurate it is it's still pretty cool, especially since how good the scenery looks.Dialogue- Pretty good, just what you'd expect for a big budget game, the voices don't fall flat, the actors did a good job and kept me entertained.Gameplay- Again pretty good, it leans more towards stealth so when you try go balls to the wall suns out guns out it's pretty difficult, especially since there aren't any character upgrades such as armor so that's a pain but the hacking although rather simple is still fun to do.Graphics- Quite amazing graphics if I do say so myself, definitely one of the best looking games out right now, there are a few issues though like anti-aliasing doing absolutely nothing so there's jaggies everywhere, that really needs to be fixed. Sometimes the animations glitch out every now and then but you can't really help that. Aside from that I don't have any problems with it.Music- Music is pretty subjective so up to you whether you like it or not but either way the music fits well with the game so it's enjoyable to listen to even if you wouldn't listen to the songs outside of the game.Activities- There's a lot of little side things you can do in the game, mainly just loads of different races like drone races and boat races and bike races etc. There's even quite a few hidden things to unlock like special vehicles. Something extra to do once you've finished the story I guess, 100%ers would enjoy that.Phone- You have your own neat little phone in the game which you can use to buy apps that lets you do stuff like spawn your owned vehicles or listen to music or make your own little movies which is similar to the rockstar editor on gta v. There's a neat little app where if you hear music in the world or on a radio the song is automatically added to your phone so you can listen to it without having to hop into a car and wait until it pops up. Quite neat if you ask me.Customization- The customization on the game is quite good, you unlock lots of different attire from doing missions, you can buy clothes at different stores around san fran, you can put patterns on your guns I believe, you can find spray cans around that will unlock different skins for your vehicles and a few other things, not very in-depth as you might like but if you're not into it you don't have to both with it.Controls- I'm a bit on the fence with the kb&m controls, they are better than the first game but sometimes they're still a bit fiddly, you can't turn around very well, you have to press a button to unstick yourself from a wall so that can get you killed a bit. But aside from that the controls are managable, you get used to them.Multiplayer- Not really tried it so I can't say much about it but since it mixes in with the singleplayer luckily you can turn it off, it's pretty cool how you can randomly get invaded and you see players in the world every now and then but it gets annoying if you're trying to do singleplayer, luckily you can just turn it off but does seem like quite a fluid experience that just gels both the singleplayer and multiplayer together so that's pretty cool.Negatives:Enemies- The enemies in the game don't have very good AI, but they also do ridiculous damage for no reason so that kind of ruins the fact that you should be able to just gun them all down but since they kill you so fast what's the point being able to just go out and shoot when you can't take even half the bullets the enemies can.Length- For an open world game it really is a bit too short, I was able to finish all the side missions and main missions in just under 27 hours, sure there's a lot of activities and multiplayer missions but if you're like me and don't care about those things then it's not really worth full price.Optimization- The optimization in this game is quite poor. Not as bad as the first game but still poor. My pc is well above the recommended specs for this game however I still can't max it out and that really is a problem. What's even with that 'extra details' setting? it's like the only reason its there is to ruin the framerate.Ending- I did hear the ending of this game wasn't very good and I agree, it's rather a letdown compared to some of the cool missions throughout the game. There aren't even any bosses in the game now that I think about it. That's one thing they failed on.Glitches- There's quite a few glitches I have come across in the game and although a few are being fixed there are still some that aren't really being noticed. For example randomly sometimes you can't get into cars for whatever reason, a lot of the NPCs you need to take pictures of for the Scout-x app don't spawn very often for some reason, random crashes, all the usual stuff you know. But for an open world game there's a lot less bugs than you'd expect.I'm sure there's some other things I can mention but I can't really think of them so here's just some scores.Story - 7/10Gameplay - 8/10Graphics - 9/10Characters - 9/10Dialogue - 9/10Music - 7/10Setting - 9/10Optimization - 7/10Controls - 8/10Multiplayer - ?dunnomaybe8/10tooihaventtrieditOverall I'd probably give the game an 8.5/10, much better than the first game but still has a few problems."
,Recommended,447040,28079042,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NgTMrE,Great game!!: 3 <3 loved it!
76561198176974838,Recommended,447040,28909078,Posted: 1 January,all,FIshy?Fuckoff,YUUP
,Recommended,447040,28909600,Posted: 1 January,all,Tonyx97,so gud
,Recommended,447040,30649089,Posted: 21 March,all,MarkoMare998,Nice Game
76561198105057164,Recommended,447040,28042190,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Duracell,its in ♥♥♥♥ing russian....
,Recommended,447040,28132624,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,R a H M a N,Lol So funny I am on mission then Someone hack me .-. Wtf Its To good :)Very recommend
,Recommended,447040,28237877,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Small Fat Duck,Nice game ita very detailed and has a lot of fun free roam story isn't that great but free roam is amazing
64952774537825682,Recommended,447040,29793188,Posted: 8 February,all,hood hero,Wash_Hogs 2
,Recommended,447040,29119580,Posted: 8 January,all,高桥凉介,"Awesome game....up up up....important is not cheating,no hack :D (anticheat)save to play ...."
,Recommended,447040,28028329,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dovah,"Lots of memes, good performance, fun gameplay. Ubisoft did a superb job on this one."
76561198152088650,Recommended,447040,28130923,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jholdyace,"Ok, real talk. This game, is quickly becoming one of my favorites in years (aside from Overwatch). I bought the first Watchdogs a few months after it came out. When it was announced I wasn't very hyped, so I wasn't dissapointed when it got delayed. I bought the game and played it for the first time, and liked it. I had tons of fun online playing with a few people I met ingame, and it made me happy. The camaign was a little dry, but it was ok in my opinion, but this game, I've had this game for 3 days and already I'm having as much fun as I did with the first. I've gone through a lot of the campaign (or at least it feels that way), and It's great. From all the games I've played in 2016 it's the most genuine, and original campaign. The ""seamless multiplayer"" is actually seamless! As long as you allow it in your settings and are connected to the internet, you're bound to run into someone while playing. Whether it's them running away from cops, you being able to trace them, or just them asking for help and you coming onto their game instance, it is genuinly fun. In a lot of games that are mainly based on singleplayer I tend to avoid multiplayer (at least before completing the campaign) because I feel it breaks me away from the immersion, but with this game, it just adds on to the experience. I could probably think of more to talk about in this pretty awsome game, but I'd rather play it. So... that's it I guess"
,Recommended,447040,28131738,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,neptune,awesome game all around cant wait for ansel and i need sli :)San Francisco great story environment
76561198196924930,Recommended,447040,28751109,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,big poo poo boi,This game is fantastic. The gameplay is great the gun fights and getaways are always so much fun and a little bit frustrating at times. But this game is amazing and is a direct upgrade from watchdogs 1
,Recommended,447040,28749749,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,߷♞ EFuri ☯߷,good
,Recommended,447040,28130768,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Smoerkniven,GOTY!
76561198041385240,Recommended,447040,28130701,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Richard,"Absolutely incredible. Best PC launch of 2016. Tons of fun, and very good self-aware humor. I would rate this game at the current moment at least an 8/10. I'm not a fanboy of the original game, however I did enjoy it. Compared to this game it is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I highly recommend this game."
76561198369235752,Recommended,447040,35332868,Posted: 30 September,all,gvelez1986,The 1st one was better
76561198097346452,Recommended,447040,28212182,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,r2com,"-The first house where I spawned at the beginning of the game after the training mission had gay flag on it.-I go out, continue walking further in the city after a game start, noticed some guy in the park walking and txting, I hack him and intercepting his chat where he tells how he grabbed some dude's ♥♥♥♥.I tried then walk and intercept some lesbian girls phone communication but no luck.I DISLIKE!!!!!!Pros: great game, big open world, hacks, progress tree, skinsCons: gay content present and no lesbian content at all!!!"
,Not Recommended,447040,28149813,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Uncle,"Crashed constantly for me, at some point it managed to save during a crash and now the save file is corrupt. I had high hopes for this because of the reviews but good lord this ain't worth it. But hey, at least I'm eligible for a refund."
76561198216182976,Not Recommended,447040,30623137,Posted: 19 March,all,👳🏻 Billu Virk 👊🏻,"👍🏻 PROS -• Game Physics are good.• Superb New Gagdets.• Driving is Ok.• Love the main character can interact with the AI People in the world.• Impersive behaviour of the people in the world.• Cops chase is much more enjoyable.• Love the coop gameplay.• Superb and accurate world details and infrastructure.• Roaming in the world is not boring at all.• Sound quality is good.👎🏻 CONS -• Need a hell lot of optimisation.• Graphics are not overwhelming.• Very basic story and a disappointing ending specially.• No matter where u r at the mission if u die then u have to do it all over again , no checkpoints in mission.• Very less enterable building except mission.• No support for impulse trigger of xbox one comtroller.• Ambient Occlusion quality is very poor even set to high.• San Francisco famouse fog is also poorly optimised.• Less no. Of different weapons.• Shooting mechanisms feels very pathetic.📜 Notes -After this update game sucks sucks not even able to maintain 40 fps on my gtx970 even i have 6th gen high ened processor 16 gb fury x ram. 🖕🏻take this ubisoft not gonna buy any game from u. I set every this low and off which was able to . Seriously frames ver no teven tends to go smooth at all go to hell developers larn how to optimise game or else ur company future is i can see is a shut door with lots of cob webs in ur pethatic system. Gameplay is ok but not good after completing the story no one even bother to play the gameEnding is very poor. Well i would suggest that only buy this game if there is an offer on it otherwise just ignore the game notWorth the retail price trust me."
,Not Recommended,447040,28085440,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ac3V3,"Driving feels unrealistic, am I driving a car, or a boat?Stealth system simply sucks, can't hide bodies, each guard in the restricted area knows exaclty where are you hiding after one of them spots you.Made a refund request.Althought graphic is nice, and story seems fun.I'd recommend to pick this on sale, and not for a full price."
76561198078085167,Not Recommended,447040,28229401,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Too Many Spleens,"Fun for a few hours, but after that it's really repetitive."
76561198022897265,Not Recommended,447040,34331874,Posted: 18 August,all,Mesjaf,"Well, that was dissapointing.I can't recomment this game but to be honest I'v played only single player. Unfortunetly stroy is dull and boreing, just like almost eny character in the game.I was expecting something at least as good as Watch Dogs 1 but this game is not it.Wait for at least 75% off if you want to try it."
,Not Recommended,447040,28439649,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Siris,"- Terrible optimization, frame drops under 60 with R9 Fury (w/   i7 4770k  16GB RAM).- Especially there are trees, CANT EVEN GET 60 with the LOWEST settings- A LOT of frame stuttering and random frame drops to under 30, if you have any kind of frame rate target / Vsync turned on- Worst online server, can't connect properly even with 1000Mb/s network.- Anti-cheat disabled by its own make me cant connect to the multiplayer server- Car on demand / Calling your vehicle, never works properly."
,Recommended,447040,28575089,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SaLeH,This is the best game I've ever played
76561197989089342,Not Recommended,447040,32793499,Posted: 25 June,all,Cbeers,"Bought the game while on sale and did everything in my power to get it to work. The game kept closing immediatly after the splash screen. I got to the point with Ubisoft support where they wanted me to start my computer in safe mode and activate services one by one, but no thanks. First time I've truly had a game be unplayable  Refundedi5 6600KGTX107016GB DDR4"
76561198030038135,Not Recommended,447040,29226299,Posted: 13 January,all,Jmean,Ok when I first bought it I was loving it. Played for a few hours really njoyed it. I went to bed and the next day I can't get back in to play. I get no error messages just won't let me in to play. Nothing changed from first time to now so why won't it let me in. I googled found out A LOT of people is having same problem. They offer suggestions to fix and I guess for some they work me I spent 4 hours this morning trying everything and I still can't play.I would suggest NOT buying this game until they fix this problem. Then buy it as it was really fun for the few hours I played yesterday
,Not Recommended,447040,32792949,Posted: 25 June,all,SHAYNE,"Can somebody please explain to me how the game performance got worse (for me, and probably me only) 7 months after release?? I went from 60FPS at max settings to 25 at lowest."
76561198003584844,Not Recommended,447040,28084453,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,s|m,"I recommend buying this game- if you liked the first WD- if you are willing to hit your head against a wall while troubleshooting the Third-Party software that is required to play the game.If you just want to play the game and have fun like me, I can't recommend it.---Pre- and After-Game Experience: Inconvenient---Getting into the game takes way too long because of Uplay & Always-Online mentality.It has been a more streamlined experience since my last review - seems they changed something. Yet it's still taking way too long.Getting out is also slightly inconvenient because you have to go back to the main menu first instead of exiting straight to desktop.---Actual Game Experience: Quite Nice---I really like the game.It gives you plenty opportunities to hack your way around problems.I'm missing the slow time ability of the first game, yet I fully understand it's removal probably due to MP and Coop features.If Uplay & all its problems were made to be optional I'd happily change the recommendation status of this review."
76561197991450107,Not Recommended,447040,34374361,Posted: 20 August,all,VoltuX,"The game just controls very klunky, and I get FPS drops for no reason.I find myself bored within a few minutes."
,Not Recommended,447040,32908256,Posted: 27 June,all,BanginJoe,"OK game, but FFS the crashing!!!!!!! Why the crashing every 10 minutes?!!!!!!!!!Cannot reccommend untill they've sorted it out."
76561198087012099,Recommended,447040,33175560,Posted: 3 July,all,Rick The Hairball,dis veri veri supeer gud i rely luki plz bui
,Not Recommended,447040,28245245,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,kendRICK lamar,"Really wanted to play the game, but it would not open, no matter what I tried.Still better than the first one"
76561198268244937,Not Recommended,447040,32924346,Posted: 28 June,all,BakaNeko,"Poorly optimized, I need to wait for the environment/map to load when I travel with vehicles. Sounds cool to be able to hack here and there but in the end, it is just a GTA with hacking skill but missing many other components."
,Not Recommended,447040,30381004,Posted: 7 March,all,OperationSB,"game has a very short lifespan of playtime. after story you can only get so much fun out of bounty hunters and hacking.biggest regret of the year (topping NO MANS SKY [yes, no mans sky])its fun for the story and a bit after, but after that it gets boring! dont buy!"
76561198047750435,Not Recommended,447040,33072454,Posted: 1 July,all,Serial,"Repetitive gameplay, same missions over and over.. I do about 1 mission then I get so bored and log off. Story isn't as good as the first one either, not by a mile. Enemies can also tank about 6 shotgun blasts to the face.. what is this?"
,Recommended,447040,28073844,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Turtle God,this review got hacked by dedsec
,Not Recommended,447040,29280230,Posted: 15 January,all,Rufwon,"First 60 minutes in the game. I jump in the water getting away from cops and end up sinking down to the ground because I was no longer visible. Couldn't get out of the water, Couldnt jump in a boat. Not exactly the greatest start either since I couldnt even save the game. Refunded and Uninstalled.I would much rather not continue.."
,Not Recommended,447040,28938908,Posted: 2 January,all,MaleSensitivity,"This game has framerate issues.  Even with a 1070, I couldn't consistently get over 60fps in 1080p!    Is my computer a potato?  Possibly.  But, it was an expensive potato and I expected more!   I refunded this game and you should to until Ubisoft figures out how to optimize a game."
,Not Recommended,447040,31896056,Posted: 21 May,all,hehe xd,"I had fun with the 1 hour intro, and then i stepped outside... I5 6500 rx 480 and when i turn everything to minimum i still can't maintain or reach 60 and get occasional dips to 30 and honestly at low you don't want to be playing... it looks like a ps2 game its jagged and blury and awful. If you have a beast of a pc 1070+ and an i7 maybe you could handle it but if you have a mid range to low end PC don't even think about it the spec recommendations are waaaay of."
76561198017812511,Not Recommended,447040,28616147,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,killingsnails,"game runs pretty good on custom ultra/very high  at 60 FPS ( some drops to ~50 but no stutter so it's fine ) on FX 8350 @4.7 / gtx 1080 / 16GB ram / SSD / 1440pas far as the gameplay ..... it's kinda the worst open world I've played , the story is annoying  ( I might be to old ) - the cops / gangs reinforcements are insane , selfies for followers .... wtf ?! , etcif you already played GTA 5 / saints row 2/3/4 / just cause 2/3 / mafia 2/3 / etc then yeah .... it's worth your time but at 25 euro max but if you haven't played the games I listed buy those - you'll have alot more fun imo"
76561198185039370,Recommended,447040,28208460,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Chanis,Sooooooooooooo lets begin. First of all i just wanna say PewDiePie is only in it for the money. Second of all the story mode was absolutely super duper kind of good (could be better but who cares right?) This game has some awesome graphics it runs smoother than Trumps♥♥♥♥♥ The guards in this game is like cancer + aids i dont like them.
76561198025480550,Not Recommended,447040,34073304,Posted: 6 August,all,Boris.Singapore,"too repetitive, driving model is bad. cutscenes uninteresting."
76561198105039880,Not Recommended,447040,28251750,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Ryohei Okestsu,The game refused to load. Error after error despite my system having far above the minimum requirements. Support from ubisoft was abyssmal. Over a week and their support still has not responded.
,Not Recommended,447040,28256256,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Buns,"Refund requested. I played for an hour, seemed like a pretty solid game. Wanted to play some more, but UPlay couldn't connect. But what is this? Offline mode? Has Ubisoft finally learned from their mistakes? I could play some more even when their♥♥♥♥♥♥was down? Lovely.Next day, some more Watch_Dogs, yay!I get a message along the lines of ""cannot start the game in offline mode"". There's a button to go online. It doesn't work. I try for all of 20 seconds, before I decide that no, I in fact do not have even the slightest amount of patience left with this ever-terrible uPlay horse****.Ubisoft needs to look up the expression ""throwing good money after bad"", think long and hard on its significance, and then finally, please, for the love of god, ditch that disgraceful shambles of a DRM. Whatever they tried, for all these years, it failed."
,Not Recommended,447040,33336926,Posted: 7 July,all,RussellX3,"Disappointing coming from the PS4 version. Constant stuttering and frame skips running on GTX 970, i5 4690k and 16gb ram."
,Recommended,447040,28214580,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,colr,Yes
76561197982600291,Not Recommended,447040,29241483,Posted: 13 January,all,kilexe,"I would actually recommend the first watchdogs over this one. The story is dull, the missions are dull. I like the new added gadgets you get to use, and all that, but that's it. First one had a better story to it, better character development, this one has lost my interest more and more the closer I got to the end.All I do in combat is sit on my laptop and send gang members in to wipe the enemy out. There is no challenge in this game after getting certain hacks. I almost never get involved in combat because it's simply not needed. Missions are short and don't add much to the already dull story, all missions can be completed with 1 hack while you sit on your laptop."
,Not Recommended,447040,32985435,Posted: 29 June,all,Eusmyrcea | trade.tf,"Awful. Just awful. They allow certain languages in countries that have NOTHING to do with that language. Spanish in Canada instead of english/french? Russian and CHINESE in Central Europe? The hell? WASTE OF MONEY. I'M ASKING FOR A REFUND. They should allow people to choose their language, wtf is this?"
76561198133845011,Not Recommended,447040,32927768,Posted: 28 June,all,Blast1812,"The first time I loaded the game it asked for activation key, something that was never given to me. I contacted Ubisoft about this problem and they fixed it for me. Now when i load the game it loads up uplay and ""Syncronizes the game files from the cloud"". After 20 secs the uplay window gets removed, and watch dogs 2 intends to load. With the banner of Marcus and the city of San Fransisco in the background. Steam says the game is running, and after 30 secs of waiting time the game crashes. It doesn`t even load into the game. THE PROBLEM WITH THE ACTIVATION KEY SHOULDN`T HAVE OCCURED IN THE FIRST PLACE. AFTER SUPPORT FROM UBISOFT I WOULD HAVE EXCPECTED THE GAME TO LOAD PROPERLY. COMPLETELY WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY."
,Not Recommended,447040,30381905,Posted: 7 March,all,Blood shed,"You play the vigilante, a bad♥♥♥♥♥♥out to right the wrongs in the world.O WAIT, wrong gameyou play as a kid in a man's body surrounded by more kids (dedsec), all rapped up in there own little worlds and problems.negatives:your moral choices mean nothing, kill who you want and think nothing of it and don't try to save anyone's life, o wait, that's not in this game,stealth, the stun gun, what were they thinking, tried it several times to go stealth and nonlethal but NO, stun gun alerts everyone near you so just don't bother and kill everyone.missions were boring, only time i truly enjoy is when i was hunting down a certain persons killers, NO spoilers heretech tree, felt like i have to put alot of effort in just get get nothing.positives:graphics are nicegame play could do with some minor changes but works"
,Recommended,447040,28114848,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,braden-,mom im a hacker
,Recommended,447040,28168242,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,UpenAtom,Yes.
,Not Recommended,447040,28887121,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,manic221,"Runs like crap, No matter what i do Low or ultra will not even reach 30fps on a 980ti and 16gbs of RAMThis is by far the worst Ubisoft port i've had the displeasure to try it's truly awful.NOT recomended."
,Not Recommended,447040,34697027,Posted: 2 September,all,keychain,i bought this game because of the peniusla(sf) map exploration...it was fun at first seeing all the sites end exploring sf but i got really bored of this game..by the 25 hour mark. its not worth th 60 dollars tbh maybe for 30 dollars it is worth getting it during a sales but def not for the full price. the story progression isnt really challenging...its the same rinse and repeat process every mission...but i guess its my duty to make challenges for myself but eh..i dont really like the controls either since its different from every other game that steam has to offer so i get confused sometimes
76561198093507589,Not Recommended,447040,34996844,Posted: 16 September,all,VolerBog hellcase.com,"♥♥♥♥♥game cant play, i could play for 4 hours then it stopped working i reinstalled it like 3 times..."
,Not Recommended,447040,35069322,Posted: 19 September,all,AveryKindGuy™,"Yes its entertaining to play, but i cannot play more than 1hour at max at a time..I cannot reccomend"
,Not Recommended,447040,29299120,Posted: 16 January,all,zeCobra,feels th same as watch dogs 1
,Not Recommended,447040,28868223,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ulfhednar,"If you haven't played this game, here's your mandatory spoiler warning!I was looking forward to this game since I loved the first one. Sadly, it's quite lack-luster in comparison.First off, the writing is mediocre at best. Secondly, the main missions are essentially just ""go here, do this hacking puzzle. Rinse and repeat"", which gets irritating and boring quite quickly. Also, that Burning Man spoof was 100% pointless and served no purpose to the story whatsoever.When it comes to Marcus there's no depth to the main character (or the side characters for that matter) and it feels like he's only in this situation because ""I hack stuff herp-derp!"". His only motivation seems to be this Snowden/Anonymous ""NSA is spying on me, boo-hoo"" hacktivist mentality portrayed in a very 2-dimensional way. ""I WANT TO BE A HACKER AND STUFF!"" Yeah, right...At least Aiden Pierce was out to avenge the death of his family and Blume/ctOS was just another hurdle to get over in order for him to get justice. There was a sense of story progression in Watch_Dogs and the missions were varied, something that lacked in this game. The only feeling of progression - if any - came in the cutscenes and that's imply not enough to engage me as a player.Oh yeah, and Marcus is black in case you didn't notice.But seriously, we get it. We got it from the trailers, and we got it the first five times race is mentioned for no apparent reason in the game dialogues (they even get a car to seem racist, believe it or not). It's 2016. Stop acting like it's 1956. Having a black protagonist isn't a big deal anymore, just like having a gay or female protagonist isn't a big deal. People couldn't care less.Speaking of trailers, remember this whole ""rooftops of San Franscisco"" deal that was supposed to be a thing? Nope. No more rooftop gameplay than in the first game. Not even the parkour stuff were very prominent. I think I saw Marcus do parkour moves accidentally about 10 times during an entire playthrough. Was this even supposed to be a thing? Because as far as I could see it was completely pointless to even mention it and one of the side characters actually makes kind of a big deal out of it in one of the side missions.T-Bone. The infamous Raymond Kenney. This seemed more like fan-service to me than anything else. There was quite an interesting power struggle thing happening within the DedSec group that just amounted to nothing and disappeared just as quickly as it popped up. Not much to say about that, really.All-in-all, this game was much less than I had hoped for. Continuing the Aiden Pierce story would probably have been the best way to go since there was a solid foundation to build on. This game is half of what Watch_Dogs was, if that. It probably ranks on my top 5 of the biggest gaming disappointments of 2016."
76561198182311169,Not Recommended,447040,29284227,Posted: 15 January,all,Exacting csgolive.com,this port is extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,32382132,Posted: 12 June,all,Crippling Depression,"Love this game except for the fact I have to keep loging into ♥♥♥♥ing uplay to play it and then ♥♥♥♥ ME if for some reason I forget my password for one of my several ♥♥♥♥ing accounts for my games since everyone is jumping aboard the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ train of ""whats that? you don't have a connection to our networks? Well then you can't play the game. Whats that? you paid for it? LOL Whatever, brb counting your money.""Seriously Ubisuck, ditch ♥♥♥♥ing uplay. Noone likes it. it's a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of hard drive space.Love the game, even if it's another downgraded piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like all your other games."
,Not Recommended,447040,33038953,Posted: 30 June,all,RINUS,"I do not recommend this game for people who have a Dual-Core CPU.Seriously, Ubisoft's optimization isnt that good.I recommend this game for people with a quad core.I was able to afford that game but then i had to refund it because it kept crashing and wont launch."
76561198090386897,Not Recommended,447040,33121760,Posted: 2 July,all,ARGONAUT,i just dont get the reason why purchase made in china is only available in russian and chinese language. I mean dont they think there's any english speaking players in china?
,Not Recommended,447040,33531401,Posted: 14 July,all,Captain Hammer,"This game really makes you appreciate the careful mission design of the first watch_dogs. As much as it failed to deliver on many promises, it at least wasn't just some corporate higher up saying ""GTA V made lots of money. Do something like that."" Main misions were like big, interesting puzzles in the first game. But the difficulty has now been toned down to nothing in the interest of providing as many ways to do an objective as possible.The characters are every bit as annoying as you've heard. You no longer play as a vigilante standing up for what's right in a world where just about every other group is a bad guy with some agenda. Now you play AS one of those bad guys, and we're expected to not notice because of how cool and hip everything about them is. I don't even care about their political leaning or that the game is accused of being ""too SJW."" They're just annoying in their personalities and attempts to be quirky and relatable. The style is beyond overwhelming and tries way, way too hard to be something that wouldn't have been cool in any era. Again, you can feel the cold hand of some rich executive dictating what will be in the game based on some calculations of what the young adult demographic likes and wants to see.Ubisoft departed from the standard open world formula, where you unlock areas of the map at certain towers/whatever. The problem is, they didn't replace it with anything. The result is a world that feels very empty and devoid of things to do. Go take a peek at a map of the game. All of the blue or black diamonds are pickups, not activities. This is perhaps the least dense open world game since the genre first became popular.Every criticism I offer against the game should be very easy to verify for yourself. Go look up the game map. Go look up video of some characters interacting. Go watch a couple of missions be played. Do the things I regret not doing before I bought it when I trusted reviews instead."
76561197994630160,Not Recommended,447040,30829336,Posted: 30 March,all,DMaD2-EST,Very badly optimized. Buy in 2-3  years when its all patched up
76561197998958806,Not Recommended,447040,28274125,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,getstompd123,"crashes every 15 minutes reverting to checkpoint, have to do the every mission 5-10 times minimum to get through it"
,Not Recommended,447040,29735565,Posted: 5 February,all,Acq_0894,"cons:poor optim as always. even one of the worst by ubi standards. game crashes every now n then. never had a smooth mission done in one time because of the frequent crashes .-significant fps drop every night.-bad atomosphere graphic. still by exploited modelling blow my computer  as usual. -- typically, a ubi production .-stupid driving  physics. very inconvenient driving camera mod-many useless animations such as slow process calling out the menu, activating something, starts of controling something -- all these r not giving any extra credict but wasting computer performance and my time. no fun at all.-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ storyline and cheap value behind.pros:-big map-large amount of side playable content around the city.-many drivable or controlable objects.conc:a very ubi game: complicated huge amount modelling, pull lighting/ atomosphere graphic, crashes, rich but boring story, pull physics"
,Recommended,447040,28026493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dicsut©,😊😊
76561198119577785,Not Recommended,447040,28657944,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,asian alpine,"as much as i love this game, runs horrid"
,Not Recommended,447040,29164741,Posted: 10 January,all,Sir Nemexis,Marcus is what the internet would call... a tryhard...
76561198112948959,Recommended,447040,28592354,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DERANKER,i wish if we clould have steam achievments and trading cards that'd be great anyway here's review of watch dogs 2 according to my expereince .pro'swell optimizationdriving is far better than watch dogs 1storyline and side missions are so good 10/10graphics are sexy afparkour 10/10consaim look and sensitivity is♥♥♥♥♥♥as compared to watch dogs 1.driving with first person cemara is♥♥♥♥♥♥everything is blurry inside car .
76561198105479976,Not Recommended,447040,28998146,Posted: 3 January,all,Jimmy Wolf,"Crashes upon startup, not going to refund and just hope it will be fixed.Currently i won't recommend it until that's fixed."
76561197970354789,Not Recommended,447040,28514614,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kane,"Runs pretty good, much more interesting characters and toys and a few improvements in gameplay over the first title.Still this game was nothing more than a timewaster between diaperchanges for me. It didn't engage me nor am I interested in any dlc or ever playing it again, and one thing that was ALOT better in the first title was the car chases. There are almost no missions, main or side, that includes carchases where you can use your hacking to stop pursuiters. I uppgraded that branch completely and the only time I got to use it is if I deliberatly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the cops to trigger a chase.I don't recomend this game really unless you are stuck at home with a baby and need something to waste time on when he/she sleeps. ;)"
,Recommended,447040,29229116,Posted: 13 January,all,Dangaval,fun to call gang attacks on people who call me a sh*t driver 10/10
76561198042573366,Recommended,447040,29225801,Posted: 13 January,all,PJCrowther,"A big improvement on Watch Dogs 1, less repetition, and doesn't take itself half as seriously!"
,Recommended,447040,28179026,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ItzMayo,Waz up dudes and gals. This game has inproved alot from the first game. And other people can say that too. Ubi listen to us from the last game and put everything in Watch_Dogs 2. I recomend this game to anyone thanks!!
,Not Recommended,447040,32999304,Posted: 29 June,all,Dayweed,"Terrible buggy game. Just, don't buy it."
76561198312149684,Recommended,447040,28088226,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BigEffinZed,"after being shout at by middle-aged cops in games like GTA for years, female cop voices in the game turns me on a bit. . Pleaeese punish me, I've done bad things. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）中文：警察姐姐的性感声音让我微微一硬"
,Recommended,447040,28091931,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mod,Best hacker game🖒🖒👏
,Recommended,447040,28215413,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheOneMan,Beautiful game :)
,Recommended,447040,28095674,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,叫左你唔好打咁多飛機,This is so awesome man
,Not Recommended,447040,29234024,Posted: 13 January,all,mscr,"The game a blast until you finish the main operations. The side ops are garbage for the most part, not worth the money."
,Recommended,447040,28086110,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rosa Moon,"THIS GAME IS F*CKING AMAZINGOnly 2 cons i want solved in at least 2 moths (hopefully 1)-F*CKING FPS LAG when im out in the wild i get 20 - 30 fps ffs and when im in the city 50-60 driving at full speed 30-40 jfc fix this (biggest issue).-F*cking crashes, sometimes the game will crash and take you to the desktopluckly i so far haven't lost any progress since every time i opened it after it closed i was in the exact same spot doing the exact same thing."
76561197985773178,Not Recommended,447040,28781562,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,noirohl,"The worst of the worst. Dont buy this if played GTA V, stick to it.This game is far from GTA V Killer, driving in this game is very cartoonish and cant be compared to GTA V at all.Graphics are nicely done however gameplay is very confusing and bad driving.I totally regreat buying this game.I tried to get refund but i exceeded steams refund policy of max 2 hours of gameplay. I used the first 2 hours of gameplay for browosing on youtube tring to figure out the first mission (Very confusing) and ended up exceeding their policy.Now, i will just delete this game. Waste of hard disc space."
,Not Recommended,447040,28771145,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Polojsen,"Poor performing, not a good port at all. I had multiple performance issues with this game"
,Not Recommended,447040,28648412,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jake_F,"If Steam would let me, I'd refund this.  I regret trying to give this game an honest try - it's boring, repetetive, and the controls are frustrating."
76561198073622660,Not Recommended,447040,29177735,Posted: 10 January,all,{T.T}Mortucus,the story is weakthe stars are weak and their story is imo teenager punk hacker recless snow flake personas ......it's boringthe driving is still garbage and the inside view of the cars OMG IS IT BADDDDDDDDDDDthe player view out side is to far away and you cant change itthe parcore is garbage and you can not tell what is climable or not till you try it sometimes resulting in you're deaththe shooting is betterthe rc car and drone are nice additions but still somewhat just meh after the 20th time useing themthe map alltho nice and detailed does not have many side activits to do in itlots of ubi useless trash around the world to collect for well not muchsome people run the game fine MANY DO NOTI5 4690@4.1ghz turbo boosted12 gig ram 2400mhz1070GTX MSI X overclocked like a mother ♥♥♥♥ing beast2tb hdd 7500 rpmgame hogs cpu to 100% when doing nothing but just standing there in the city and sits around 40fps no matter the settings on my rigit also has memmory issues because it will over time eat as much as it can which it should not doWD1 BURRNED ME WITH IT' S HIT PERFORMANCEI WAITED AND LOOKED AT REVIEWS THEY SAID IT WAS ALL GOOD45FPS ON MY RIG IS NOT GOOD  ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBI SOFT IVE HAD ENOUGH
76561198149150136,Recommended,447040,28038333,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,M4JOR*,Best Game Ever 10/10*Graphics: Outstanding*The way the game is played: Outstanding*Water effects: Outstanding*Car driving: Outstanding*Hacking: Outstanding!!BEST GAME EVER!!
76561198065311110,Recommended,447040,28039115,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Newsome,it gud
,Recommended,447040,29246411,Posted: 14 January,all,Rama Rinaldi | RGZ Production,graphic nya bagus
76561198081977907,Recommended,447040,29210956,Posted: 12 January,all,Give yer meat a good ol rub,♥♥♥♥♥♥millenials  9/10
,Not Recommended,447040,29151443,Posted: 9 January,all,CrazyCaluz,"Meh, nothing special and got boring after a while. Driving in this game is crap and doesn't live up to expectations. Wish I didn't buy this"
,Recommended,447040,28604635,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Void,Great Game :D
76561198043621232,Recommended,447040,28607346,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jynx Noise,SEXY♥♥♥♥♥
76561198312346835,Not Recommended,447040,29049225,Posted: 5 January,all,tybegamin,The game will not load it is ♥♥♥♥ing attroaches how bad the loading is.
,Not Recommended,447040,30866656,Posted: 31 March,all,hacsoft,"Game is quite good and fun.Though I cannot recommend a game which has a major failure which suddenly deletes your savegame file, you lose all the progress and have to replay from the first misson as if you've never played before.By the way, Steam Support is a major failure too."
76561198311336632,Recommended,447040,29253828,Posted: 14 January,all,aRIEl,Good ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,447040,33158158,Posted: 2 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡♥.DevilLoli.♥,Watch_Bugs 2
76561198332698015,Not Recommended,447040,28657206,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DuhJeffy,i meet all of the requirments for the game but is still so laggy. whats wrong?
,Recommended,447040,33218055,Posted: 3 July,all,Zetsubō,4 player mode for free ubi[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]ft?
76561197967804604,Not Recommended,447040,31657871,Posted: 9 May,all,Evilbit,"meh - I couldn't be bothered to finish it. It more of story book than a game, and the story writing is just so so."
76561198126828887,Not Recommended,447040,29436275,Posted: 22 January,all,† KASP3R †,GPU - NVIDIA GTX 1080CPU - INTEL i7 4790RAM - G.SKILL RIPJAWS X SERIES 16GBCAN NOT RUN THE F***ING GAME!!!
76561198304998645,Recommended,447040,28189338,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sir.TopCat,"At first, the graphics in the menu were outstanding, but when I acually got into the game, I immediately crashed. This problem persited untill I decided to turn my graphics to the ""potato"" setting. I could barley see the enimies, heck, I could barley see where to go. My computer is an HP, but it can run unturned while a million rockets are being fired infront of me, WHILE hundreds of airdrops of coming in. On Russia. I do see this game being very good, but I don't really like the consept of only 3 silenced wepons, the melee, the stun gun, and the gernade launcher stun gun. I didn't acually get past the second lamp post on the very first level..."
,Recommended,447040,29252806,Posted: 14 January,all,ThatOnePerson | Roblox G@NG,good
,Not Recommended,447040,28647409,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Joolzy,"awesome graphics, boring story and crap gameplay."
,Not Recommended,447040,29817350,Posted: 9 February,all,mensworkpant,Game runs terrible on my rig and its just a cheesy game in general
,Not Recommended,447040,30927245,Posted: 3 April,all,stepper,"Game looks fun but co-op is broken, which I bought it for. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,447040,28890400,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gunsablaze2207,Can't play it just shows black screen. Waited for it to load for a few hours and no change. Yes I am linked between Uplay and  Steam. If you know how to fix this please tell me I was excited for this game but now I'm not so much. The same problem is happening to my brother. :(
,Recommended,447040,29219382,Posted: 13 January,all,NO DA FLEEP REESET 69 YA NAN LOL,Awesome
,Recommended,447040,30729223,Posted: 25 March,all,Cleveland,"Amazing open world game, until rallo walked in and didnt let me play for the rest of the day. Also modding would be nice.9/10"
76561198268414865,Not Recommended,447040,28395058,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Darksky2021,what to say its just another free roam sandbox game. it has collectibles i even seen alot of stunt jump ramps yep cats out of the bag its horrible version of GTA. let's just start off with the good. it looks beautiful at 4K it looks better than GTA but thats about it . now the bad will if you play the game useing guns all the time just save your money and play GTA. The guns in the game suck you have to aim down the sights just to shoot this suck in close combat you do have a melee attack but it's slow specially when you got to guys shooting at you. the there's not enough of a reward for being a hacker you will spend most of your missions trying to get around security guards just to put a usb in to the network you do this so most even your game character makes a comment about it. the story is what ever they could of took the story in so cool and interesting directiond but nope is boring and not interesting.just save your money i would give $30 or less for it but i give $60 for it so ubi please at least give me $30 back.
,Not Recommended,447040,29300720,Posted: 16 January,all,Nicko,Bought it on sale but was poorly optimised and basically a hipsters GTA VWould Refund again :)Edit: Oh yeah and EasyAntiCheat is one of a few reasons.
,Recommended,447040,32822191,Posted: 26 June,all,Kuxe,Actually competent this time.
76561198096237827,Recommended,447040,28158622,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mercury,must Play
,Not Recommended,447040,29807517,Posted: 9 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"After putting more hours into this game I just needed to change the review, its total trash. Runs some easyanticheat♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the middle of a mission it will spawn in a nooby player for ""co-op"" who will ♥♥♥♥ everythinig up. Uplay is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i go to start the game it opens Uplay and logs me into someones account, yeah you read this correctly i'm getting logged into someone  elses account.The Story:MAKES NO SENSE AND FEELS VERY REPETETIVE GET THE FIRST WATCH DOGS INSTEAD OF THIS!Graphics: Graphics are Great nothing else to say!"
,Not Recommended,447040,31325696,Posted: 23 April,all,MasterFalongEagle,Many hours put into this game and suddenly my entire save wiped instantly thanks to the ♥♥♥♥ing cloud system.
76561198134069332,Not Recommended,447040,31328702,Posted: 23 April,all,Dirty Mind,Cann't start the game I doen't know why but it doesn't load
76561198115327416,Not Recommended,447040,29282416,Posted: 15 January,all,Mayhem,Terrible PC Port.Playing with a 960 and i7 on lowest settings and I am getting 2fps most of the time! I play GTAV + Online with no problems at all!Such a shame as this game seems like a lot of fun if there is 30fps+
,Not Recommended,447040,30864445,Posted: 31 March,all,PETCH#EP006,bored
76561198205011489,Not Recommended,447040,28862366,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nadyr95,GUYS wtf when you finish the damn game you cant do anything
,Recommended,447040,28301878,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jeff Dunham,g00d
,Not Recommended,447040,33384696,Posted: 8 July,all,The Spooky Cat Wizard,"I can remember my first reactions to every single mission in GTA V, even almost 4 years after first playing it.i can't even remember what i thought of this game while playing itSo, pretty much, the story is dull, repetetive, and just overall bad. Go here, kill/sneak past these guys, cutscene, rinse and repeat. Don't try to rush through the story, you'll complete the game in like 10 hours and just be bored out of your mind with the freeroam. The driving and shooting feel exactly like they did in the first game, to the point where I really believe that they just reused most of the code from the first game for this game.oh yeah also it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't have the absolute best computer ever made"
,Recommended,447040,28652756,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dik-Dik,"Is cul gayjmeU can pet doge, I likeDose buy 367.87/350I am pro hacker"
,Recommended,447040,28870313,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sparx,It didn't run.10/10
76561198200165997,Recommended,447040,28423101,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ginsy~,GTA V WITH HAX. 11/10
,Recommended,447040,33046529,Posted: 30 June,all,※ Nacho,"CLUB??Strip Club. Yes this game has A Strip Club. No BS, it is similar to Gta v strip club but it doesn't have lapdance option (Crying), but at least the girls aren't that bad at all ( Video setting has to be set to ultra or max if you want to see it immersively*).Proof : Where is it? It is located at a Bar sectionhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=959895327orcheck my profile and look into the screenshot section.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Tips : Too all lower specs pc players. i do not recommend you to play it on your current specs because itwont support and fps drops continuously without a doubt you aint gonna be happy if ya'll purchased it.Recommended requirement- Processor : Core i5-3470 3.2GHz / FX-8120- GPU : GeForce GTX 780 / Radeon R9 290- Vram : 3GB :p- RAM : 8gb- HDD : 1tb at least. (game storage is 50gb)(I know some of ya'll couldn't afford it but its just A recommendation to experience the game better)"
,Recommended,447040,30694617,Posted: 23 March,all,♥BØØPŁESNØØT♥,♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.
76561198001994948,Not Recommended,447040,28697954,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,colin29,Just wasted money on this game. Ratings Graphics 7 out of 10 nothing new here move on. Music  Just plan annoyinggame play boring.
76561198203129631,Recommended,447040,33070144,Posted: 30 June,all,Roomkeeper180,Love the view and music.
76561198088325783,Recommended,447040,29213233,Posted: 12 January,all,tenchisakura,Awesome fun game but we need more people too kill so more people need to buy the game so i can beat every single one of you ;P
,Recommended,447040,29613404,Posted: 31 January,all,Nohi Firstula,"I play this more then 100 hours and this game is amazing. The story, the gameplay I mean everything in this game is good. Buy this game and you'll enjoy it."
76561198067670309,Recommended,447040,29658475,Posted: 2 February,all,WeylandYutani,"Really good Game i can only recommend it, it has a good lenght, tells an ok Story and the Gameplay is extremly fun same as many of the Missions are really really cool. Nothing more to say there as this is a really good Game and makes fun to play."
76561198117222867,Recommended,447040,28578822,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bob the temmie,never mind it was just the server xD
,Recommended,447040,34350826,Posted: 19 August,all,Farrel Wiguna,Nothing To Read Here
76561198131030812,Recommended,447040,31929506,Posted: 23 May,all,???,1001111 1101110 1100101 100000 1101111 1100110 100000 1100010 1100101 1110011 1110100 100000 1100111 1100001 1101101 1100101 100000 1101001 100000 1101000 1100001 1110110 1100101 100000 1100101 1110110 1100101 1110010 100000 1110000 1101100 1100001 1111001 1100101 1100100 101110
,Not Recommended,447040,29351060,Posted: 18 January,all,씨 Ｏｐｈｉｅ,Its like another one of ubisofts game you play it till the end then get bored its one time only game play at your risk
,Recommended,447040,28192730,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,LaterDaze898,amazing 4k resolution
,Recommended,447040,28481997,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mohammadr3za.ahm,baziye kheyli khobiye! kheyli behtar az version 1 hast.
76561198035380665,Recommended,447040,33901846,Posted: 30 July,all,аутизм,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████
76561197972379729,Recommended,447040,28178326,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dark Elf,"The game is SO much better than the first in almost every single way.  It's easily as fun, seems bigger for certain - and the story is WAY better.  Give it a chance - it's worth it!"
,Recommended,447040,28178406,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Schmeat Boy,i like it
,Not Recommended,447040,31280884,Posted: 21 April,all,💀Phil 迅速💀,i swear to god every game ubisoft makes crashes so much
,Not Recommended,447040,33592881,Posted: 16 July,all,Squit,broken as ♥♥♥♥
76561198118976150,Recommended,447040,28250124,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Daiki,gg
,Recommended,447040,29596352,Posted: 30 January,all,็  ็  ็,Shoot everyone.
,Recommended,447040,29244698,Posted: 14 January,all,TEAM' Wiz_Khalifa< [FC],555คอมต้องเทพถ้าจะเล่นเกมนี้
,Recommended,447040,28065703,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Im fat!,Hey
,Not Recommended,447040,35363316,Posted: 30 September,all,MoMoKa,"I can not start up with a recent updatebut maybe You can start by using fixSome people said they can not do it, so you need to be carefulI can not recommend it much"
,Not Recommended,447040,33319864,Posted: 6 July,all,omer.harari01,"Felt way too much like a GTA clone and at some point I thought to myself ""Why don't I just go play GTA?"".Steal cars, shoot people, open world, and this game is not too optimized either.The hacking gimmicks are fun for a very short while. If you never played a GTA game before, and want that action with the hacking gimmicks of this game, then buy it."
,Not Recommended,447040,32695369,Posted: 23 June,all,Rambo Ramon Rainer,Intel Xeon 1230v3 3.5GHzNvidia GTX 1080Ti 1.9GHzAround 35-50fps and weird slow down effects.
76561198055690813,Not Recommended,447040,28315825,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,stefbuik,"Horribly optimised.Don't even try running it on an i7 5820 with 16gig and a Geforce 970GTX.Unless horrible HORRIBLE jaggies, stutters from 60 to 13 fps, complete freezes for seconds or even 20 to 30 seconds every now&then and completely useless (especially the ridiculous twitchy motorcycles. Stay away from those when trying to make a getaway. Really) driving controls are Your thing.It makes for an excruciating experience in-game and You'll die many MANY times due to unresponsive controls, stutters an other crap, even with a gamepad.When running, with about all things turned to ""medium "", the visuals are below the Xbox and/or the ps4, and nothing to write home about. Shameful even. GTA5 with VisualV looks way better, and runs as it should on my rig.And they took a couple of weeks extra to ""optimize the game for PC"" ?? What did they do during that time? Drink their secret stash of Jolt, and dream about the amount of moolah they were going to make with all the DLC??Gameplay itself has some good ideas, but after only a couple of hours, one tires of the ""set trap, zap guards ,hack nodes, rinse&repeat""-gameplay.And, Ubisoft, don't give me that nonsense about a ""demanding game"" Total bullsh*t. If a game runs terrible EVEN on the most recent graphic cards and i7 chips, (as many reviews noticed) like the 1070 and 1080, You really screwed the pooch.Ubisoft should take a long, hard look at GTA5 to see how it's supposed to be done."
,Not Recommended,447040,29016793,Posted: 4 January,all,hilallo,nope
,Recommended,447040,28143573,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Edward Kenway (Leonardo suhardi),this is the first time that ubisoft doesn't downgrade their game.Pros:+No Downgrades+Optimised (runs smooth on ultra)+driving is slightly better+unique guns+parkour+open world+puzzlescons:-nothing
76561198085331770,Not Recommended,447040,28368457,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RequiemOfLight,"At first glance this is a great game. However after playing it for just two hours I find the gameplay to be extremely repetetive  and borderline pointless. There is very minimum character customization, missions feel... mediocore. Overall this is not a game I would recomend to anyone at all."
,Recommended,447040,28139017,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Shiro,ONE WORD: MASTERPIECE
76561198240928854,Not Recommended,447040,34483090,Posted: 25 August,all,SolarRope86070,8gb of RAM is not enough to run the game smoothly even tho the recommrnded amount is 8gb and it is constantly stuttering and freezing.
,Not Recommended,447040,29285691,Posted: 15 January,all,Da Banana | Down South,Horribly optimised. Runs like absolute garbage. can barely maintain 20 fps on low when I can easily maintain 60 on similar open world titles. Extremely dissapointing. Time for a refund!
,Not Recommended,447040,30741269,Posted: 25 March,all,Kick me after Hug me,Great game. Uplay is stupid nonsense. Won't let you play offline and is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overall experience.
,Not Recommended,447040,29297466,Posted: 16 January,all,Kaite,"After playing and finishing the storyline, everything felt boring, Going back to The Division"
,Not Recommended,447040,28708746,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,safinafirth,"I pre-ordered the game because I expected that the sequel might be improved a lot comparing with the first one. But I am wrong.Here's the reasons:1)	The date of game release on PC version is 15 days later than it on PS4, which caused a lot of spoilers on social media (not only videos but also screenshots and texts posts). I found that except I cut the internet off, otherwise I would get to know the 80% of the story before I started to play it.2)	The driving system  improved a little bit, comparing with the first one. But it’s still terrible.3)	Some characters from WD1 becomes soulless in the sequel. In WD1, someone is chivalrous to his friends, but in the sequel, he lost this feature, which makes him look like an unattractive Chuunibyou adult."
,Not Recommended,447040,28158201,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,aa,"terrible optimization with 1060, 16gb ram, win 10"
76561198135552230,Not Recommended,447040,28157715,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,☯Tabby☯,"Although, this game was ported better than the first i still had issues and maintaing 60 fps on high (i am on a gtx 1060 6gb)and the overall gameplay felt clunky. Furthermore, the story didn't grasp me at all and did feel really similar to the first game. If you enjoyed Watch Dogs you will enjoy Watch Dogs 2 but if you did not then this will not really be your thing."
76561198023670186,Not Recommended,447040,28321972,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,deejaydhillon,I'm giving a negative review due to poor optimization. This happens almost every Ubisoft game and I'm so frusterated!
76561198039020745,Not Recommended,447040,30732439,Posted: 25 March,all,posthum,"Thought this would be a game about hacking. It's actually Super Mario ""terrible physics edition"" though. The hacking is done by bouncing your RC car off your quadrocopter to get into increasingly (non optional) difficult places and so on.Wish that part of gameplay would have become aparent before the 2 hour refund period was over. Well played, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,28090320,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sylvelyon,Dank♥♥♥♥♥MAYMAYS
,Recommended,447040,28583305,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JayPlayz1202,If u have a gud PC then buy itOtherwise u CAN'T play
,Not Recommended,447040,29329822,Posted: 17 January,all,▲SwayzeTrain▲,"This game is Dead, Boring AF ...Snooze ..."
,Not Recommended,447040,33004156,Posted: 29 June,all,GingerRoss,"""37 minutes played""*37 minutes trying to get the game to run. When it did run, constant crashing, fps drops, black screen and freezing without warning. My system meets the specs and I don't seem to be alone with this. Terrible optimisation for the PC."
,Recommended,447040,28238984,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Timo654,"game is good and fun, better than first one :)"
,Not Recommended,447040,33173860,Posted: 3 July,all,SpunkS,i've got a well above average computer and it still can't handle this game
,Recommended,447040,29144455,Posted: 9 January,all,Paradise Decay,"Ultra Settings | GTX 1060 Gameplay footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_14mijmjfYMy Thoughts:100% better that the 1st game in the series. If your itching for another GTA 5 styled open world game, look no further.Game Details:Welcome to San Francisco. Play as Marcus, a brilliant young hacker, and join the most notorious hacker group, DedSec. Your objective: execute the biggest hack of history."
,Not Recommended,447040,28708056,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MikeLFC,AWFUL GAME. the 3rd person view model is the farthest back in any 3rd person i have ever seen. Refunded after an hour of being annoyed
76561198216169609,Not Recommended,447040,29047782,Posted: 5 January,all,FIDGET BOI,After one hour of playing it I have decided that in my opinion this game is not worth 59 bucks the controls are pretty bad And Iwould only buy it for 15 bucks or es
,Recommended,447040,28139087,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Name,"Driving is still crap, wanted system is meh and the story can be cringe at times, but it's fun so ♥♥♥♥ it."
,Not Recommended,447040,28626242,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[S.C.] Worsin,"Game crashes constantly, No other game does this on my 4670k and 760gtx SLI setup but this game just wont play stable at all. CRASH CRASH CRASH.So i asked for a refund for the first time ever on Steam and they said no.  Waste of money, i will seriously concider switching to GOG for my purchases from now on.Ive never asked for a refund on a game and because i spent 5 hours trying to get this game to play right i get shafted on my refund.Thanks for nothing steam"
,Not Recommended,447040,32944353,Posted: 28 June,all,ViperSixEleven,"Like any other free-roam-single-player-game from Ubisoft... Somewhere between ""meh!"" and ""yay!"""
,Not Recommended,447040,28675405,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RemainSilent,"It has crashed 4 times in 10 minutes now...edit: i refunded the game, i really wanted to play this, but i guess not"
76561198252194340,Not Recommended,447040,29724989,Posted: 5 February,all,LeafGraphics,This is a waste of money ubisoft just scams you it dosent even let me play it anymore DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY UBISOFT GAME
76561198040336079,Not Recommended,447040,30001809,Posted: 17 February,all,Fancy Virtual Reality Monkey,"Crashed once, now won't start anymore. ♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,447040,28779417,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,im sad,A SCAM!Downloaded and excited to play this game to find out that I didn't recieve an activation key.Steam support ticket or Obisoft support doesn't help me out.
76561197995991397,Not Recommended,447040,28120288,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mr.Pickles,"The game is  uglier than watch dogs 1, the driving feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the dasboards in the cars and boats ? that are almost the same and look like something from 2005 ? Give me a break lol !!  The game is bad mkay. People sayin : oh its so well optimized, eh.. yea thats because the graphics look like something from 2012, and it feel like driving around in a matchbox, even hittin a fence on your bike with 100mph seem like a bump on the road for me, gotta drive directly into a car before i get knocked of my bike. pfffffft.  Refund time."
,Recommended,447040,28088752,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Oblaque,I like watching dogs twice :)
,Recommended,447040,28090242,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,a_guy_playing,Its a good game so far. The only problem is that it has an anti-cheat system thats more invasive than ctOS and even runs while you're offline
,Not Recommended,447040,29664289,Posted: 2 February,all,TheDarkPyr0,You know you done ♥♥♥♥ed it up when 6x more people play Fallout 4 then this game
,Recommended,447040,28112374,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Infinitynull,This game is for people that open linux and only use Armitage. I think that will get alot of laughs.Oh and the physics suck. That's all.
,Recommended,447040,28599884,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JohnWick,good graphic hahahah
76561198244477008,Not Recommended,447040,33475798,Posted: 12 July,all,LOLGuy,when i first got this game it worked but then a day later it launched the game but before you got to the menu it crashed
,Recommended,447040,33251035,Posted: 4 July,all,Bobby Shmeep,Great game
,Recommended,447040,28097518,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Senate™,Yee
76561198076111381,Not Recommended,447040,33169276,Posted: 2 July,all,I LOVE BLOOD!! RED!! CAFFEINE!!,plz fix not launching!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,30895828,Posted: 2 April,all,StarMan007,"The First Watch Dogs  was the best version. I did not like the second one. I was actually hoping that the story would continue with Aiden Pierce as he moved to San Francisco only to face his enemies once more.Watch Dogs 2 does not have that classic feel of the 1st one and I was dissapointed! The added drone is nice in Watch Dogs two  and the graphics, just ok. I have played Watch Dogs  more than once but was thrilled when Two came out. But over all sad to say, Im quite bored with it. If you are  New to the Watch Dog game then you might enjoy it."
76561198068475325,Not Recommended,447040,28158284,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,markcleary52,"Can safely say that i can't recamend this game currently have a total of 20 mins of ""play time"" i use the quotes as that play time is mesured by the ♥♥♥♥ing u play launcher failing to do absulutely anything. I FIND THE U PLAY PROGRAME TO BE A TOTAL WASTE OF DISK SPACE if you have the steam launcher to launch a programe why in the name of all that is holy do you need a secondary launcher"
,Not Recommended,447040,30495528,Posted: 13 March,all,gourmetset,with an gtx 1080 and i7 6700k i expect to have more than 60 fps on ultra 1440p....
,Recommended,447040,28082551,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GreedyMaster,Great Game!!The game was surprisingly good
,Not Recommended,447040,30851317,Posted: 31 March,all,B U D,"This is hot carbage, Bot's are ♥♥♥♥♥ier then bad consoleport, the cops are just plain stupid, the wanted rating system is buggy as HELL! So how i have had times when they never lost me! Or that when i lost them theey found me again randomly, yeah btw they shoot throgh walls, with a nanosecond responce!! Please refund!"
,Not Recommended,447040,28659324,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Beonu,"This game won't load properly. I can hear sound and there is a flicker during the Ubisoft logo but then it just stays on my desktop. Drivers are updated, anti virus is paused and things are being run as admin. I  might just return it."
,Not Recommended,447040,29764719,Posted: 7 February,all,Alex,"worst optimization in a game ever createdGTX 1060 6GBi5 4460yet still get 40fps on medium settings, even after factory reset¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561197999084253,Not Recommended,447040,29792548,Posted: 8 February,all,WillyMF1,its a lame GTA where you have magical abilities that they explain as hacking. just couldn't get into it.
,Not Recommended,447040,29780284,Posted: 8 February,all,PVJFU,"The anti-cheat in this game is 100% flawless I can play online 100% of the time 100% not lying it detectes the anti-cheat 100% of the time 10/10 better then going on a VACation.Game also runs better then 30fps on the lowest settings at 720p, 100% true, 100% playable 100% would never uninstall it because it was unplayable.To be honest I think Watch_Dogs 1 was better then this."
,Not Recommended,447040,28303050,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Frappuccino,"I'm able to run other AAA titles with no problems at 60fps on high/ultra settings. This game doesn't even run at 50FPS on medium/high settings. To make matters worse, there's a terrible crashing problem. The game crashes at seemingly random times and makes the whole thing unplayable. Do not buy until they address these issues. I'm already out of 60$."
76561198012259323,Not Recommended,447040,33612535,Posted: 17 July,all,Baasi,"Horrible optimization, can't keep a stable 60fps on any settings. !5-3470, gtx  970."
76561198046771832,Not Recommended,447040,34667646,Posted: 1 September,all,外天国,"Shallow and repetitive garbage, the reviews are very positive because next to the first Watch Dogs this is a step up, which is not hard to do at all, but this game is just awful. Also, if you don't read carefully, the same main menu that lets you track missions and start missions can make you quit an hour long mission by pressing one wrong button without being able to go back, good job ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers, spent more time trying to be edgy than building a proper UI."
,Recommended,447040,28145214,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BlazeItGrandma,Ubisoft has been spittin straight♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fira recently
,Recommended,447040,28085026,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LE TOM Aylabar,Great game way more fun then the first one
,Recommended,447040,28169709,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shpeckledorf,"I absolutely loved this game and couldn't put it down.  I wish it was longer, amazing story."
,Recommended,447040,28299793,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TrentB43,.
,Recommended,447040,31616667,Posted: 7 May,all,ｐｈｕｃ,is gud
,Recommended,447040,28108399,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,Great game
,Not Recommended,447040,32398352,Posted: 13 June,all,hedgeyhedgehog,"Have played this game since launch coming over from the PS4 version and even after 7 month i still can not get my head round why this game still plays this badly, on a i7 4790k Zotac amp extreme 1080 at 1080p with high settings it still runs at 50 fps. scalng is really poor no matter what you do to setting frame rate does not improve and get awful stuttering. such a shame as it is a good game but just can not get in to it with such poor frame rate and stuttering."
,Recommended,447040,28420654,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tam,memes
76561197974411392,Not Recommended,447040,28152665,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Webic,"I returned the game after 2 hours.  Buggy video experience on SLI'd 980Ti w/ latest drivers ruined the game for me.  Most noticbly was a rapid flickering on large objects like the side of a bright building.  This flicking would go from shadowed dark to bright sun exposure several times a second.  It was painful and unplayable.  That seisure warning didn't prepare me for those glitches.I had read that this game was a good port, but my experience in the grapics department disagrees.  Couldn't get far enough in to comment on gameplay or story."
76561198343871856,Not Recommended,447040,28334678,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,carlyjinniu,Why it has to be separated from China Russian and global version? It's really the worst I've ever encountered.
,Recommended,447040,28919133,Posted: 1 January,all,ben plepsi,"We said no puzzles, they forced puzzles every level"
76561197965333980,Not Recommended,447040,30817528,Posted: 29 March,all,Situation-X,"Quite a dull game, tries to be too many things, GTA for teh driving part (stupid pedestrians who either scream as you approach them or stand there while you run over them), Assasins Creed (stealth sections mean you sneak into a building and steal something or hack a computer under the guards noses or they spot you a mile away, they shoot you so many times and you dont die??), confusing controls with too many options for your mouse, annoying music selections, stuttering game cutscenes occasionally, and honestly dull missions., (infiltrate this business, jump over barriers get item run and escape from the police (I once hid from the police in the police stations own garage)). Cant recommend this game but if you do decide to buy the game dont forget the 2 hours gameplay limit before asking for a refund)."
,Recommended,447040,28089576,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,egg sandwich,The ghetto uber app is pretty cool
,Not Recommended,447040,28910496,Posted: 1 January,all,xhd,"cannot open, trash"
,Recommended,447040,28911743,Posted: 1 January,all,Junkrat Main in Overwatch,wait ubisoft made this?wot.
,Not Recommended,447040,30018891,Posted: 18 February,all,Wikked,"8 hours in, the game stopped working. Just showed the launcher screen, then crashed. Multiple customer support agents but no help. Trash game, don't get."
,Not Recommended,447040,29437849,Posted: 22 January,all,chapchap123,"NEVER.BUY.THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥...unless you want to torture yourself with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games.game sucks, physic sucks, pvp sucks, everything in this game sucks. I even managed to make every guns that I can build with 3D printer(aka magic box) in less than 1 hour from start."
,Not Recommended,447040,29109161,Posted: 7 January,all,Eyyy Haaa,gta v > watch dogs 2
,Not Recommended,447040,28085870,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SlightlyBearded,"I've only played an hour, and while the game itself feels good & the new setting is nice & new charaters seem pretty good from what i can gather. Currently performance is not great, I'm running a GTX980 & i7-5820K with 16GB of DDR4 RAM and i'm struggling to hit a solid 60 FPS, fairly large dips in performance right down to sub 30 frames.Don't even get me started on UplayThis reccomendation will change when the performance is ironed out"
76561198086344262,Not Recommended,447040,28199081,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Redbull,"too much cringe for me. That is, the characters are a bunch of rebellious teens with a Fu%$ the government attitute and they seem very childish and wimpy. As for the gameplay, feels exactly like the first Watchdogs, seemed smooth enough. Still only a few cars in each category, also the game lacks variety and got repetetive in the short time i played it."
,Not Recommended,447040,28149903,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lungkisser,"Subsequently, this is a positive review for Steam Refunds!- Xbox One S controllers do not work at all- dual RX 480s tend to crash+ has an Xbox One S controller+ has dual RX 480sProps be if you're having fun with it, I'll try again when it's all patched-up and half-off."
,Not Recommended,447040,32549169,Posted: 18 June,all,iChargeBanshees,"BORING!!!!!!!! The game runs fine on my GTX 1080/i5 7600k combo at ultra 1440p without issue. The problem to me is that the game is just boring. If you played the original, Mafia 3, Far Cry, and to an extent Assassin's Creed then you get the idea of this game. Drive here, find a way to stealth your way to a marker on the map or kill everyone in your way, hold Y to hack the device, rinse and repeat. The story is okay and might open up more later but overall this game is just boring. I've done this before in so many other games. I'm burned out on the open world genre. I miss linear games."
76561198140958326,Recommended,447040,28023389,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ben,It's really fun9/10Can Do ParkourDoesn't really run too good
,Not Recommended,447040,28921554,Posted: 1 January,all,iluvOP,"I was barely into the tutorial when I just said ""nope, already feels like every ubisoft open world game ever"" despite it being a closed tutorial. Thats how familiar and brain rotting it felt. Felt like I had already played the game 100 times before.No, no no, just no. Refund request awayyyy.Also the port is passable. It doesn't look very good, looks worse than GTAV and performs much worse too. Can reach a steady 60 without too much issues on gtx1070 and a i7 6700k, but even that is with quite a few settings turned down.The game offers temporal aliasing for toasters which effectively renders the game at a lower resolution and upscales it, similar to what consoles do all the time. Leaving your game looking blurry and giving you crazy visual ghosting on the move, just google it, you'll find a mountainload of screenshots of that. People claiming good optimization are the people that use this setting.Techniques like this should NOT be confused with actual good optimization. Get it right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.All in all, definitely overhyped despite the lack of pre-release hype. The game also clearly tries too hard when it manages to make me cringe at painful levels before I reach the goddamn main menu.Thanks ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,29208519,Posted: 12 January,all,darty13,game is lit
76561198013494312,Not Recommended,447040,28467119,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jakobb,"Is NO ONE capable of making a PC game that is bug free? For a while there I truly began to believe that it was Ubisoft. I'd played about 25 hours of this game without a single problem. No crashes, no misfires, no GPFs, no tantrums, nothing, just smooth gameplay in three easy sessions. Now I can't even start the game. Crashes every time. The source of this error, I am convinced lies with this insane perversion of a save system that has been imported from consoles (because, Y'KNOW, anything that works on a standard spec machine will OF COURSE work perfectly on 20,000 variations of PC), where you have ONE save (three separate games, but you cannot choose to save the current game to one of those), and if it corrupts, and having learned nothing from RAID5 and its inherent flaws, there's an online backup, but it's copied from the local and corrupted file. YAY! Instant start-your-game-from-the-beginning-all-over-again! Until PC game distributors insist that developers introduce F5/F8 technology, PC games will always be the poor cousins of console games, and we should not bother with buying them.This SHOULD have been a good game, and for 30 hours, it was. But, like FC3 before it, now it's just taking up valuable space on my HDD."
76561198063533623,Not Recommended,447040,28379770,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Can,the game is fun so far but unfortunatly despite meeting the system requirments the game crashes very frequently
76561198158011365,Not Recommended,447040,32692717,Posted: 23 June,all,Get_ROnk,"poorly optimize game, low fps, stutter, black screen after 15 min playedit: so the game need quad core minimun, dual core with hyper thread not good enoughpc spec : i3 6100, gtx 960, 8 gb ram"
,Not Recommended,447040,33069554,Posted: 30 June,all,beefacon,"I honestly dont mind playing games in 30 FPS, but this game cant even run at capped 30FPS! stutters around 21-25 when driving and at certain areas.Perhaps its better to get the game on console. I ran the game with my 970M notebook."
76561198147676366,Recommended,447040,28130527,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kaede  赤松 楓,This game is fun and really good but I think I would enjoy it more if I could run it higher than 22 FPS. I really think they should make it more compatable to people with  older PCs.
,Recommended,447040,29203501,Posted: 12 January,all,M7,It's a really guud remake of watch_doges.You should play this gaming.
76561198091594484,Not Recommended,447040,28158081,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Wolfer,"uplay is terrible, wont let me play unless i have an account and the account setup in uplay is unavailable!"
,Not Recommended,447040,28293669,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lay Ray Rei,CRINGE_DOGS 2Do not play if you have actual knowledge on computers.
,Not Recommended,447040,28468094,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Chaos Reborn,"Smh EasyAntiCheat ♥♥♥♥s up my online constantly, and then the ToS for EAC is crazy. I stream so i play in windows mode, they legit say they can and will whenever they want screen capture and post on public sites, anything that is in the photo that i did not take nor have pior knoweldge of, is fault of my own only. SO either i keep getting dropped/people get dropped due to EAC and can't play online*Only reason i bought game, I OWN GTAV* or i turn off EAC and never play Multiplayer? OH WAIT OR I REFUND THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ I ♥♥♥♥ing got conned the first game preorder and season pass LEGIT waht a week of♥♥♥♥♥♥beng down on day 1?  SMFH not worth 60 bucks if can't even play online. Gonna give it a few more tries and keep googling other dumb workarounds."
,Not Recommended,447040,32702126,Posted: 23 June,all,Menephus,This is the second time i have bought this game the first was when it come out. I bought it on uplay god was that a bad idea it was a buggy mess with terrible frame rate so i got a refund there and then i thought i would wait till they have patched the game. I waited for the steam summer sale and try buying the game again but Lo and Behold it was still a broken mess but this time the issue was far worst. It was the dreaded CTD of doom one of the bugs i hate the most i tried all of the so called bug fix's that everyone swears by online but no hope none of them worked. So i say bugger ubisoft with there crap games and there attitude of if we make it they will come but i say no more of this rubbish i am officially not buying a ubisoft game ever again. Oh you can tell that game is bad if they have a so called day one patch all i say is LOL to that.
76561198033541859,Not Recommended,447040,28642759,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Speech500,"- San Francisco is a boring, dull city. The only remotely interesting feature is a red bridge which, while significant at the time of its construction, is now a pretty underwhelming (and overrated sight)- The characters are consistently repellant, annoying little twerps with incoherent storylines and no likeability. They think they're better than everyone. The writing, I can only assume was done by a 50 year old trying to guess what hip teens think.- The story is incredibly Americacentric with barely a mention of any other part of the world, in what is supposed to be a globalised and interconnected future.- Audio and video glitches abound."
76561198255885578,Not Recommended,447040,28426183,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,mauroleon5,Its a good game dong get me wrong but ill try and play 3 missions and on the 4th it starts to ♥♥♥♥ing lag so much
,Not Recommended,447040,35037359,Posted: 17 September,all,Lanaaaaaa,i can't really recommend this game.there's a mission in a dogfighting den. the watching of dogs became too intense for me.
,Recommended,447040,33268059,Posted: 5 July,all,RaZzE =D,My opinion: BEST GAME EVARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! :DD
,Recommended,447040,32733767,Posted: 24 June,all,yahav273,this is a very good game and i recomande to play it
76561198082544089,Not Recommended,447040,28718016,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,iNastyyyyyy,♥♥♥♥
76561198162209154,Not Recommended,447040,28659592,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Andrei,"good story game, but HUGE FPS drop when driving.fix this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,447040,33444988,Posted: 10 July,all,Mattskull,"Very repetitive, it feels like a less fun GTA V and selecting mission are confusing."
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,447040,33325454,Posted: 6 July,all,Galious,"The game is very boring, play GTA5 instead and don't waste your time with this mess."
,Not Recommended,447040,28523961,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lucifer Morningstar,"""Seamless multiplayer"" my♥♥♥♥♥Can't play co-op with a friend. Need to port forward.Srsly? Why the ♥♥♥♥ a game this price needs something like this.Good bye, ubisuck. This is the last game that I will buy."
76561198096913765,Not Recommended,447040,34365412,Posted: 19 August,all,coward001,ALWAYS HAVE TROUBLE LAUNCHING THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198243478630,Not Recommended,447040,28299614,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TerriblePanda,cant find activation code
,Not Recommended,447040,28694451,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,You Wanna Burrito,not working for me asking for a disk
,Not Recommended,447040,29284129,Posted: 15 January,all,PERPLDERPL,"""BAD PORT"" Can't run the game at stable 60fps on low with a 1070 and i7 4790k so recomended specs are what 2 titan xps and a 6950x"
,Not Recommended,447040,29613482,Posted: 31 January,all,Ceb,Yiff in hell
,Not Recommended,447040,30343333,Posted: 5 March,all,T555R skinsjar.com -yeet-,ubisoft more like make a game every week and squeezy out as much money as possible
76561198283106377,Not Recommended,447040,28306325,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ArjabRoy,"Only the Zodiac Killer mission and outfit are available but where are the rest of the items man??? This is terrible that nowadays the developers are neglecting the Steam version of  games. This is Hilarious, they still haven't fixed it."
76561197974085088,Not Recommended,447040,28152456,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Megala,"Shame on me and everyone here that got suckered by the pretty water effects and smooth frame rates.  The game itself feels like busy work.  It's empty and boring...like a typical Assassins Creed clone from Ubisoft. There's no way to really pause the game either (you have to stay in your map and it counts as playtime), so I may be stuck with it.  I tried giving it a chance but it has no direction - like they developed a bunch of pieces and stuck them all together onto a pretty environment.  The story and characters are terrible and the novelty wears off quick."
76561198057105492,Recommended,447040,28060581,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pusheen,"My system wasn't good enough to run it-.. released today, bought today, refunded today.Despite this-.. core gameplay was good, story seemed decent from the get go. Just couldn't run it well, make sure your darn system can run it before you buy."
,Recommended,447040,28090258,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ldz8590,All new game in 2016 have a ton of issue and this literally is the only game where: I didnt have to change my sound driver for any reason because the game is optimized for it (Thank Goodness) and there where no crashes or frame rate issues whatsoever. Good Job Ubisoft on a good PC port for this game!
,Recommended,447040,28589339,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KrepTor,So good that I am now 99% sure that my toaster is watching me...Looks like i'm gonna have to stop making♥♥♥♥♥♥stain toast
76561198063640354,Not Recommended,447040,30808095,Posted: 28 March,all,L3GENDOFTHEW3ST,Runs like crap on my new gtx 1080 FTW edition. this card is superclocked and this game still hits 34fps on medium settings at 1080p. wth is that about? ubisoft loves to take peoples cash for♥♥♥♥♥♥in return.
76561198258860420,Not Recommended,447040,30898028,Posted: 2 April,all,PeaShooter,"ok it was fun at the first 20 hours but then its just boring people say there is so much to do1: its always the same with the story, you get to a district area get the objective get out2: not much cars and hacking ability it gets boring3: story is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit4: dont pay 60 buck for something you only play 20 hours with5: world is small you always get around the same areas6: not much weapons7: you can only get into big buildings in missions if you play freeroam you cant get in the building8: if you want to refund you probably have over 2 hours so you wasted your money9: shooting is♥♥♥♥♥♥10: sounds are badpiece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  3/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,35179620,Posted: 24 September,all,ταιοη_Ch@r1esH√,画面不错，可是这剧情。。毫无代入感。。我永远支持育碧！#(滑稽)
76561197997692099,Not Recommended,447040,33002569,Posted: 29 June,all,cristi.istrate,"Boring game, the story is written by a 6 year old: I like the movies with this guy, can't wait to the see some new trailer of his movie, but he is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag, so let's make fun of him. Gee...Also the micro stutters, on my 16 GB RAM machine, it uses ~8 GB and it says low RAM :)Also low frame rate on 1070@1080p. What a joke of a game."
76561198281086782,Not Recommended,447040,29286128,Posted: 15 January,all,MrErosX,"I couldn't even start the game. WTF? It just shows me the Watch Dog 2 Logo, the loading data cloud and then boom. No more. Give me my refund. Thanks!"
76561198259854842,Recommended,447040,29205514,Posted: 12 January,all,AndreMoon,"This is a good game,and it can bring fun to everybody who kinda like to play it.It is no exaggeration to say that W-DGS2 defeat all GTA like games absolutely."
,Not Recommended,447040,30025038,Posted: 18 February,all,smithdog,"I just can't recommend this game, it run terrible 45 to 20 frames on my 980 when games like battlefield 1 and gta v run above 60 all time at 1440p."
,Not Recommended,447040,29530502,Posted: 27 January,all,Khabib,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,447040,28334584,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,jayhem,"Looks like a Far Cry game that wants to look like GTAV, just not as fun as Far Cry and doesn't even look half as good as GTAV. Missions are far too easy, even in ""Realistic"" mode. The cars look good and make a nice sound, but generally the graphics and performance are appalling. Uplay as annoying as ever. Bugs are everywhere... like boats flying in the sky... or at one point I was running around on the sea floor and could fire at my opponents from below as they were circling with their boats above me (happened when I exited a car that was fell into the ocean). NPC AI is as stupid as in Far Cry games and makes the game look lifeless and empty. Driving and running around feels awkward and clumsy. Camera control is horrible, in particular when driving. Even the  story quickly becomes boring... same thing over and over again like in Far Cry. Online mode is very much fun for a little while, but gameplay is broken. Definitely can't recommend buying this game for the full price. This game just made me go back to playing APB:Reloaded, which is free!"
,Not Recommended,447040,28886550,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,123,bad
,Not Recommended,447040,33030815,Posted: 30 June,all,jigglybuns,4/10this is pretty♥♥♥♥♥
76561198358666180,Recommended,447040,29277407,Posted: 15 January,all,xX_MLGTHOMS_Xx,no puedo entrar me ayudan porfavor
,Recommended,447040,29225649,Posted: 13 January,all,➠ Ⓖ€Ł_¡,very good
,Recommended,447040,28178905,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dielon,would recommend very nice!
,Recommended,447040,28146405,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Defalt,"Soo...Waited this game for so long,let's see:+Great story+Improved Hacking abilities+Awesome Graphics+A better Multiplayer than in the first one.+lots of side-missions and stuff to keep you busy-driving is simply horrible+Game ""adapted to 2016""Highly recommend it! :D"
,Recommended,447040,28139912,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mei,roses are redviolets are bluei gave this game a chanceand so should you
76561198277942026,Not Recommended,447040,28680847,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MasterShadow310,ok am i the only one getting a♥♥♥♥♥♥frame rate in this game? my system is way above the recomended system requirement and when i put my graphics to medium i get about 29 fps i have gtx 960 for graphics card and my processor is amd fx-8320 eight core processor 3.50 GHz. in my opinion i should by able to have at least 60 fps with medium. This game is not optimised. if you have a something resembling the minimum system requirement dont think about it you will have like 15 fps at low resolution. ubisoft needs to do something about this.
76561197981467527,Recommended,447040,29285380,Posted: 15 January,all,☢  Caustic  ☣,"I hate how everyone keeps nit-picking this game because of the so called ""disappointment"" of WD1, first off, if you actually played WD1 the story was GREAT, yes the E3 graphics were alot better, but the finished product STILL looked stunning, especially at night when its raining, and as long as your system was relevant, it ran fine. WD2 is a fun♥♥♥♥♥game, no 2 ways about it, QUIT COMPARING IT TO F**ING GTA. It is its own game in its own right, the graphics are crisp and i have had ZERO.... I REPEAT ZERO PROBLEMS WITH THIS GAME, ZERO CRASHES, ZERO FRAMERATE ISSUES, NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SO quit with the ""i want to be a product reviewer"" like half the f'n people in the world today and look at the game in its true form and quit nit-picking and looking for reasons to ♥♥♥♥♥. Heres your f'n trophy. Happy ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥sday ♥♥♥♥head. =) luvs."
,Not Recommended,447040,30619477,Posted: 19 March,all,Dominator,no just no
76561198031075131,Not Recommended,447040,28698430,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,iikrloz,"SOMEHOW THIS GAME IS BROKEN IN MY PC, IM TRYING TO PLAYT THE FIRST MISSION BUT IT ALWAYS CRASHES AND TAKES ME TO THE DESKTOP, FIX IT AND I´LL CHANGE MY REVIEW"
,Not Recommended,447040,29111370,Posted: 8 January,all,DrExK,Non stop stuttering at medium or low settings even though I've a GTX1080 card. Poorly optimized just like most other Ubisoft's PC ports. You need to start hiring better programmers.
,Not Recommended,447040,28304949,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Wait.... What?,"i got this game, it looked pretty good, it plays alright. EXCEPT its laggy as ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥reguardless if ur online or not my graphics card is perfectly fine to handle this game yet it crashes almost every 10 seconds since the release of there latest patch i change the graphic settings to b so ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic its like playing gta3 all over again.... and yet the lag still continues to complete freeze the game for longer then the game is actually moving for."
76561198301663892,Not Recommended,447040,29107832,Posted: 7 January,all,Paul,This game is why Hitler killed the Jews
,Not Recommended,447040,29678893,Posted: 3 February,all,N3xus,"Watch_Dogs: Great story, really dramatic, extremely sad, trying to get revenge on the people that ordered a hit on your family.Watch_Dogs 2: Teens hacking for lulz, taking selfies to get zem followers on instagram so that they can brag about it and so that ctos will kill themselves of cringeohand btw, WD 2 costs 30$ more...Watch dogs 2 -10/10 would drink bleach mixed with cyanide over again..."
,Recommended,447040,28139996,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Skitzo,ish ben bruno
76561198259831208,Not Recommended,447040,28287189,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Hingle McCringleberry,Why the hell is my game locked in Russian when every other game I own is in english????
76561198045429739,Recommended,447040,28181461,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sulli,There are even Watch Dogs in the game.
76561198010972278,Recommended,447040,28089924,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rekcah5,Well optimized and fun.
,Recommended,447040,28171986,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,♦Lazy Luke♦,i ♥♥♥♥ing enjoy the game way more now that there are drones and smoother co-op. i cant say anymore because its too much to say good about.one con is the story is a bit too short after completing all the side missions.horatio dies so dont get attatched to him
76561198123256818,Not Recommended,447040,31800641,Posted: 17 May,all,4oö8nzppppahi,boring.
,Not Recommended,447040,29184510,Posted: 11 January,all,Raichu,Terible. I love WD1 but this is just bad. And the engine is even worse. Dont buy the game.
,Recommended,447040,32672289,Posted: 23 June,all,icus,liked the game
,Not Recommended,447040,28059494,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jehuty,"35 fps when driwing in the city.Geforce 1080, 16 gb ramStutters just like the the first game did.This is not even funny."
,Not Recommended,447040,28180377,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Fingerprint.,"Game crashes on startup or after a few minutes of gameplay without even an error message. Forums are full of the same/similar problem and after 4day still no patch, fix or solution."
,Not Recommended,447040,28558686,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,›Bonje,"RX 480, I7 4790K @ stock, 16Gb RAM.Can get a relatively stable 60 on MEDIUM.Ubisoft. Pls."
,Not Recommended,447040,28187931,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,arjansingh00,"Overrated but Ubisoft has learnedThis game is basically everything the fist game should have been. Great city for the theme (hacking & silicon valley go really well together), a very well replicated world (as someone who lived in San Francisco all landmarks are in the game, heck I even found my house!), and a working port (it's decent but compared to something like GTA it could be much better)!I am going to make this a somewhat brief review if you're thinking of purchasing this game thinking this will be the next GTA style game to keep you occupied for the next few months.Pro'sA working PC port (not that great compared to GTA 5 but most low-medium GPU's will be able to run at Medium 60 FPS but with plenty of FPS drops 12/4/2016)A very detailed San FranciscoImprove's upon its predecessor massively! This is what the first game should've beenCon'sA bland story, fails to captivate you in the first few missions.Boring missions.Hacking although much more complex in this game is still really boring, simple, and overused.Forgettable charactersIf you were considering this to be the next 'GTA' style game this is nothing like it and probably won't even keep you occupied for a few hours. If you enjoyed the first game then you will enjoy this one. Otherwise like the majority this will still be the same boring plot and will feel similar (not the same) to the first one.7/10"
76561197973586870,Not Recommended,447040,28086350,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BirdiE,"Seems like a great game, but in the state it's in I can't recommend it.I have a Titan X (pascal) and a 3440x1440 monitor.3440x1440 on ultra = 45fps while driving around3440x1440 on high = 45fps while driving around1920x1080 on ultra = 45fps while driving around1920x1080 on high = 45fps while driving aroundOptimization clearly needs a lot of work. Will change my review when they fix it."
,Not Recommended,447040,28148327,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,matty2g,"This game doesn't work for me. I have Intel core I7 4770 and Nvidia GTX 770 and even on low graphics I get FPS drops that's tragic. 30-40 FPS with drops down to 10-15 FPS. This is a expensive game and totally not worth it. I managed to let the game run for around 12 hours while I was asleep (As in gta 5 you have to accept that your exiting the game, but I didn't know that...) of the 13,2 hours I've ""played"". I would like Ubisoft to either patch the game in the upcoming weeks so it won't be as big of a flop as ""Batman: Arkham Knight"" or gives us the opportunity to refund the game no matter what the amount of playtime is."
,Not Recommended,447040,28190323,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pudding,My Pc SpecProc : i5 6600 skylakeRAM : 8 GB 2133MhzVGA : Zotac GTX 970HDD : 1 TBThe fps goes from 35-70 High-Very High setting (AA Off) (Screen Reflection Off)-UNSTABLE FPS-Too many stuttering
,Not Recommended,447040,28262117,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SCUBADIVER88,"pre ordered this game, but the zodiack killer DLC has a horrible bug at the SFPD and the support for ubisoft sucks big time!!!so if you buy this game DO NOT get the DLC content."
76561198283671861,Not Recommended,447040,28143080,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,glkvincent,"please STOP the Easyanticheat checking in offline game. I can't stand it anymore, I don't want to buying your game again because of that."
,Not Recommended,447040,29241879,Posted: 14 January,all,thorsteinfeldt,Sweet baby jesus... i actually liked the first watch dogs but this game is sooo boring the dialog is sooo cringe worthy... it is impossible to believe...I like the characters and the concept but such poor execution... WTF!!
,Not Recommended,447040,28315034,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,السعودية,"too boring, it doesn't even feel like your playing it feels like your doing a task"
,Not Recommended,447040,28150906,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,HellishGrin460,"I haven't even finished the tutorial mission and I already hate everything about it.These are just issues so far (6mins in) I'll try to update.Major issuesThere is no way to easily pause the game, you have to go into your phone and scroll to the option. (On PC with controller at least)-the Xbox 360 (on PC obviously) controlls are clunky and poorly mapped with no way to fix them.-the look sensitivity difference between normal and max is the equivalent to a lazy glance and a disinterested head turn.Minor issues-there is no way to skip the cut scenes-the are no audio adjustment setting, it's all or nothing, listing to music that is as loud as if not louder than the voices"
76561198069611099,Not Recommended,447040,29196897,Posted: 11 January,all,Goulddigger,"Wow, this game is incredibl... incredibly short! And the driving is even worse than the first title lol"
,Not Recommended,447040,28082347,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mts,Jogo horrível de mal otimizado. Não comprem por enquanto.
76561198149267360,Not Recommended,447040,29225161,Posted: 13 January,all,gFreak696,"Once again, Uplay has made a (probably) great game unplayable."
76561198321121570,Not Recommended,447040,29271494,Posted: 15 January,all,BabaYega....,abesolute♥♥♥♥♥♥dont bother buying this poinless game!!!!
76561198320279383,Not Recommended,447040,28093076,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ALLIRITH,i spent £40 on this game only for it to be delayed 10 days and then now everytime i turn it on it only goes to a black screen. if they fix this i will then recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,447040,28694277,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Delta 2-1,Do not purchase this game until Ubisoft fixes it. The random freezes and stutters ruin the gameplay experience.
76561198299350869,Not Recommended,447040,30752710,Posted: 26 March,all,Olive dem Pandas,"No crouch, still has bad driving and damage models for cars and hacking can be even more agravating in stealth situations than the last game. Now, as far as the philosophy of the game. This game preaches about resisting ""the man,"" but takes any chance it can to stick to pop culture and the system, guidlines and stereotypes therein, from skinny jeans and snapbacks, to obscure retro game refrences added to remind you that this game was engineered for middle-aged hipsters, which doesn't explain why the clothing resides purely in the ""lit"" and ""on fleek"" section of the degenerate gene pool. In conclusion, this game had a chance before the publishers and those with creative control slapped the new club generation's brand of clown shoes on it."
,Not Recommended,447040,29117033,Posted: 8 January,all,Takadasuit,Ech...The first one was way better
,Not Recommended,447040,28117132,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,JAKEOa,Watch dogs 2 in its current state seems to be hit or miss whether it will or will not run well on any system. even on a gtx 1080 some people still can not get a stable 60 fps on ultra settings. my advice wait for a patch or 2 before buying.
,Not Recommended,447040,28114728,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NotCharlie,"Im enjoying the game, however there is a big issue i am having. I played it fine 60fps Do a few missions and log out. I come back the next day and on the same graphics settings, its stuck on 12 - 13 fps. This may be a bug that needs urgent attendance."
,Not Recommended,447040,32731446,Posted: 24 June,all,shawnhocy,"Crashes way too often after the tutorial to have an enjoyable experience, though I must admit my notebook's specs aren't exactly the best (tho I can run GTAV quite smootly). Lowering graphics and resolution or closing apps to optimize performance doesn't really help, and online guides aren't much help. I can't recommend this unless you are running the game on something decent."
76561198190537805,Not Recommended,447040,28353961,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,1564278162,the game is suck， it is unbelievable about that♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization
,Not Recommended,447040,31007744,Posted: 7 April,all,caden1234,its not i want a refund!!
,Not Recommended,447040,28674481,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fuzsion,"Looked at a loading screen for an hour even though I'm running on an SSD and a 1070 with an OCd CPU.Good job Ubisoft, you made another♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Refunded."
76561198046689701,Not Recommended,447040,33251101,Posted: 4 July,all,cyborg_vole,"The game has so much potential, to me its a let down. I struggle to play it, I have a high end gaming PC and it just freezes. The gameplay of what I could play wasn't all that good either. I'm very dissapointed with it."
76561197986872914,Not Recommended,447040,28779104,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tacoi,♥♥♥♥
76561198025315297,Not Recommended,447040,28329472,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,aef8234,"This game suffers from the same optimization issues that Watch Dogs 1 had (shadows flickering, colors randomly changing, etc.)Chances are, Ubisoft won't fix that. Good plot, but not worth the time. Try buying it on a sale. A very huge sale."
76561198029882263,Not Recommended,447040,28600749,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,☹Ｙｕｎｇ Ｐｅｐｅ☹,"No multisample aliasing on a 1070 without dropping below 50 frames at 1080, ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥optimisation, classic ubisoft"
76561198029692881,Not Recommended,447040,31120532,Posted: 13 April,all,SilverSly,"as bad as the 1st one.-storyline is useless-dialogs are crap-GAT 5 still feels more imercive-hell even GTA 4 is better in everyway ""except registering and installing process""-everything looks dumb: guns, people, reactions, personal acounts, story,,, but then i'm going to repeat myself-how else should i poo on this?-I would pay for it 10 to 15 E. and even then, will get over the pooing story they wrote in it,, nahhh.-I'm gald i refunded this crappoo.-what else?-ah YES, Parcour SUCKS, I HATE assassins creed! and they still put bits of it in this pooy game.-GOD KILL ME I DON'T WANNA LIve NO MORE! .. or Satan?"
,Recommended,447040,28175066,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Girthy Gumbolini,♥♥♥♥ my processor.
,Not Recommended,447040,29241828,Posted: 13 January,all,DEADSHOT98,"i paid full price for the game was glitchy as hell and when i tried to get a refund the reponse was ""sorry you have exeeded the 8 hours of play time."" the entire time the game was running i was sleeping and when i emailed them again i got no response even tho i didn't want full price back. Sad, looked like a fun game........"
,Recommended,447040,28465648,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,✪CHiLL,♥♥♥♥ YOU AMD ♥♥♥♥♥♥S dont argue of getting 10-30 fps low end scraps
76561198056702614,Not Recommended,447040,29192145,Posted: 11 January,all,Fredde_87,"Bad story, boring world, amazingly bad physics."
76561198095821377,Not Recommended,447040,28436193,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ed.corrigan,Two very powerful computers and no luck! Loved Watch Dogs 1 but every time I try to play 2 it  keeps getting screen stuttering and crashes when driving on gtx 1080 Alienware so I waited for Nvidia Sli support on my dual titan x Alienware and still the same issue. I generally have zero issues with games but based on how much I was looking forward to this I am extremely dissapointed. Could've asked for a refund but ultimately waited for patches that fixed little and regretfully wish I had purchased it on my xbox one s or ps4 pro.
76561198125573262,Not Recommended,447040,33945030,Posted: 1 August,all,the 13th monkey,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. first of all im playing on remote. the button to switch weapons makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense at all, basically if im trying to run away i have to stop and hope that i hit the right spot on the ♥♥♥♥ing dial to pull out a different gun, makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense to me. why are the animation times so ♥♥♥♥ing long?? im trying to be stealthy and take a ♥♥♥♥ing hour just to knock out the one guy so all his buddies see me? i cant pull him away from his spot and behind cover so his buddies arent watching me pull this off? ive tased a guy and his buddy saw me from ACROSS THE WORLD AROUND A CORNER. i enjoy the pvp aspect because of how well it can flow with the game but why the ♥♥♥♥ do i immediately get placed with guys who seem to have all the greatest stuff unlocked already?? me trying to chase down a guy and he hops out, grenade launches me to hell, and walks off. i put like 7 rounds in him from a pistol but yanno, who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ i try to hop out of my car and into a bike while someones chasing me and of course i fly out because the cars going 2 miles an hour and ragdoll and get killed by another player as im trying to get back up. its ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. i wanted to have faith in this game but it doesnt flow right. it just doesnt make sense to me."
,Recommended,447040,29301703,Posted: 16 January,all,True Pc King,Better than watch_dogs 1
76561198055837109,Recommended,447040,28085064,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ThroneX,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIpO0npPa0MGood game!
76561198240126132,Not Recommended,447040,28154385,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,au_gold_z,"I'm the fanboy of UBISOFT but this game unacceptable!!!!!!The gameplay is better hack skill.I'd played watchdog1 last year its more impressed whatever bad physic or any about graphicNowaday watchdog2 its not the watchdog anymore. many thing in the game make I feel like I play GTA V( didnt it good as GTA )The scene, Building, road, mountain, even camera view it not watchdog.Story is worth, I don't know why I had to do anything or mission in this game, feel like i'm the bad hacker that want to fireband the city not make the right like EDEN PEARCE!!!!!!!!!!It's a good game but I dont like that they try to compete to GTA or develope to similar with GTA.I hope this will not happened with my favorite Assassin Creed."
,Not Recommended,447040,30051829,Posted: 19 February,all,One True Tree,better buy mafia 3 instead this crap even if mafia 3 has suck graphic at least it has better story-line
,Not Recommended,447040,28667949,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MR SNUFFLEUPAGUS,im a fan of watchdogs but the game wont frikin start. i frigin love the games watched it on twich and alll i have well over the specs but somehow ubisoft says im not allowed to start it? i want a refund.
76561198094225153,Not Recommended,447040,29953654,Posted: 15 February,all,logic,this is a great game but after about three months uplay took over and i cant even play the game a waste of money do not buy this game if you reslly want to do it on console
,Not Recommended,447040,28681598,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tony_Cannoli,Runs like crap with my 980ti and i5 4690k. Poorly optimized♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stick with GTA and the Witcher 3. Never buying Ubishit again.
,Not Recommended,447040,32302771,Posted: 9 June,all,bee,ehh.
,Not Recommended,447040,30825763,Posted: 29 March,all,dilipvinu,Boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,447040,28736117,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,stay woke,"Don't listen to shills. This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥ looks even worse than the first, and has ♥♥♥♥♥ier controls than the first. In addition, the game has small hitches that completely mess up cutscenes, the same cutscenes that will replay over each other, and repeat to unsynced audio and subtitles. Bottom of the line is that Ubisoft didn't do anything different, that's a ♥♥♥♥ing meme. Don't get screwed, get a refund."
,Not Recommended,447040,35212447,Posted: 25 September,all,kOKORO_p,wtf
76561198053376532,Not Recommended,447040,28174644,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,obren1977,THANKS ALOT FOR THE STUDDER UPDATE AND NOW THAT I HAVE PLAYED FOR MORE THAN TWO HOURS I CAN NOT GET A REFUND! COME ON UBSOFT GET IT TOGETHER. ALL MY OTHER GAMES RUN JUST FINE.ASUS HERO V MOTHERBOARDi7 4770k watercooled overclocked 4.2ghzRAM 16 gigs DDR3 GSkill 2100mhzGigabyte waterforce 980ti overclocked GPU 1480mhz video mem 6gigs 7800mhzSamsung 250g ssdNvida driver 376.09
,Not Recommended,447040,28097271,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Machawitz,"too many cheaters, can't report... when this fix this, i'll fix my score"
76561197961161199,Not Recommended,447040,28081781,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rick Dangerous,"Well. Not going to write a big review because i haven't played the game enough.What i have done is to fool around with the settings a lot, trying every single combination i could think of, and the conclusion is simple. This game is very poorly optimized. So if that's something that matters to you, wait for them to patch this game (will never happen).I run this game on a 1070 Strix and even when i turn everything on medium i get frame drops down in the 30 range in some places. And it's not even far between the places where i spike at 100+ and suddenly hit 30. The optimization is all over the place. I have the lastest drivers and everything. And rest of my computer rig is on par with my graphics card.It did not even matter much if i run everything on ultra, pretty much get the same frame rate just with a lot better graphics. But the frame rate goes from about 70 to 30 just by driving down an opposite street. Or by looking around when in a boat.Now this is something that never happens in games like GTA V where i run everything on max and it always stays 60+ fps. Watch Dogs 2 simply isn't well optimized, and those that praise it for being so, are wrong. I have been testing this now for long enough, and concluded.Now this game looks fun, but until they fix the optimization i will refund it. I demand companies to deliver a proper working product, that's all. I want my money to be spent on companies that give a f***.I'm not mad, just very disappointed. Fix it, and i will rebuy it, i think."
76561198038390841,Not Recommended,447040,28132791,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mario Skywalker,"It doesnt have what i liked about watchdogs 1.-Crashing every now and then.-Side bars on cut scenes and menus?>I preordered gold edition  and on dayone I see skin packs not included in season pass, just sad ..."
76561198281451060,Not Recommended,447040,28075959,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,IEatCereal,"The Stealth Mechanics are terrible. Bodies can't be hidden (Come on Ubi I could pick up bodies in stealth games during the 1990's), guards wake up by themselves in a relatively short period, Lots of scripted reinforcements that can wake up their friends. Guards ai is omnipotent and even if they see you for an instant and make no sounds, EVERYONE knows where you are. Couple that with checkpoints in missions and the game becomes very frustrating.Why don't I just kill when my cover gets blown? Marcus and Dedsec just don't strike me as killers and murder tends to conflict with the otherwise lighthearted tone of the game. Given that  I've either been playing rpg's or stealth games for the past two months, the bad stealth mechanics are VERY apparent."
,Not Recommended,447040,28201604,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ivan Heerkens,I got a high performance PC but it doesnt work... Meh!Refunded!
,Not Recommended,447040,28241215,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Sentick,"VERY BAD GAME, Specs: GTX 1080 & i7 6700K OC 4.6 Ghz.To all the people saying the game is optimized well, youre an idiot. The game looks like crap. For what you get visually you should be seeing much higher fps. GTA looks better and has a much higher framerate for me (in the 100s). I ran this game on ultra preset and the game really does not meet expectations. Antialiasing is barely on the ultra preset and when turned on my game goes sub 60 fps...ON A 1080!!!Here ya go:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfK4L90e86khttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiDu7jgQcHE"
,Recommended,447040,28090825,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vacationist,beautiful graphics but dreadful AI and repetitive upgrades collection
,Not Recommended,447040,28246830,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AuntJemima,"Story is fun but I Have more than one friend so 1-4 player co-op would be nice, im getting tired of me and one friend teaming up and the 3rd one having to friend invade in order to play with us. If You are going to make an entire trailer on this feature, make it good"
,Not Recommended,447040,28102801,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jaggaman5,I purchased watch dogs 2 with much ecpectations but it ruined mine i installed everything in 1 day my all drivers are up to date when i lauch the game wither via uplay or steam the watch dogs logo show up then after a few seconds a black screen opens and it never gets past that please help ubisoft or i will be doing a refund big fans of yours but unfortunately this can i only do now as i will not pay for a black screen if anyone have a fix please share very very helpfulPC SPECSCPU-INTEL G3258 @ 3.2 GHZGPU-AMD RX 480 (UP TO DATE DRIVER 16.11.5)RAM-16GB DDR3INSTALLED ON HARDISKPLEASE HELP SOMEONE
,Not Recommended,447040,28308924,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,UltimateG94,"The game is too hipster/SJW, the gunplay is terrible and the missions are boring. Bring back Aiden Pearce!"
,Not Recommended,447040,32836606,Posted: 26 June,all,Ercik kral,First of all i do not recommend this game.lets start with the cons cause there is a lot of them.cons-bad optimiziasion even if u have the recommended card u wont get the performance u expect.-no animals on the game.-small map.-no multiplayer sessions like gta5 only 2 game modes aviable coop missions and 1 on 1 hacking thing stealth.-they are going to add extensions to story but they are gonna be paid.-bad driving phsics.-bad shooting mechanics and bad pvp.-money is really hard to earnpros-doing acrobatic jumps is real fun over the buildings etc.-controlling most of the stuff can be fun esspecially on multiplayer like driving other guys car off the road using your phone etc.-drones and rc cars are fun to use on missions and even on free roam.
76561197962044062,Not Recommended,447040,28087420,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JayWard,"The driving... I can't believe it. It's laughable. I honestly can't believe it's this bad. The cars feel like toys and they look like they're straight out of a cartoon. Every thing about it is terrible. The steering is way too sensitive, there is no such thing as 50% throttle - it's either wide open or nothing. It's truly pathetic. The cars also shift like eleven times but don't gain any speed. It's hilarious. I was wide open throttle on the highway that goes around the map for five minutes - my car literally shifted up ten or eleven times and yet I never exceeded the flow of the AI traffic. Also, if you slam on the brakes, your car stops on a dime but if you're riding one of the motorcycles, they take forever to brake. It makes no sense. It's like the devs over-reacted because of all the critisism about the driving in the first Watch_Dogs; so they went full retard and made it absolutely atrocious in this game.I realize it's an arcade game but I don't understand why they had to make it this ridiculous. The sensitivety is a mess. I'm using a gamepad (Dualshock4) and the slightest steering input will make the car go all over the place when driving at speed. There's just such a lack of control and precision. Drifting was the only thing that felt intuitive about the driving, everything else is truly a burden. I shouldn't dread having to drive a vehicle in the game - I should be excited. Happily refunded."
,Not Recommended,447040,30302151,Posted: 3 March,all,LIZARD,There are some levels in this game that are hard with no check points it makes me sad ):
76561198075779745,Not Recommended,447040,30753984,Posted: 26 March,all,Everc,"Hi, I am in China. But the lauguage is Russian!! How to change it to English?"
,Not Recommended,447040,31223733,Posted: 18 April,all,tommy med staven,The cover system in minecraft is better than this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,447040,30697565,Posted: 23 March,all,LimitlessPanda(Salty),WATCH_DOGS IS AMAZING!
,Recommended,447040,32717532,Posted: 24 June,all,Greencore,"As for a liberal this is the best game ever! While playing as a hacker in a GTA world I found so much divercity (gay family rushing to hospital for their child, transwoman, all Castro district with rainbow flags). No sexist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and geek culture. Corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s lose and gets locked in jail. A city is so nice that I'm now afraid to phisicaly visit SF so I wouldn't spoil that image of idealistic USA (especialy with current dork as POTUS).As in all games I didn't like co-op because I hate when those teenagers makes so much gramatical mistakes in one sentence and tweak all their cars and guns without any taste."
76561198285709341,Not Recommended,447040,28150408,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TubaMan,the frame raate is sooooooo slow
,Recommended,447040,28161102,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ShadeNN,Real good game
,Not Recommended,447040,34960541,Posted: 14 September,all,etdrwho,"DONT BUY IT! It's a really good game and overall fun as hell and I enjoy it too much, but It crashed after 3 days, I still don't know how to refund well so PLEASE DONT BUY IT!!!!! Unless you wanna play it for 3 days and you want it to never work again"
76561197997645756,Not Recommended,447040,28109295,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,warpedmedia,Won't even load. All drivers updated.Nice! New record for terrible lauch day stability.
,Not Recommended,447040,28837437,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Achilles,FPS Drop :')
,Recommended,447040,32802822,Posted: 25 June,all,fujipotato,It didn't let me watch any doggy 2/10
76561198049940023,Not Recommended,447040,28158986,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,maloviv,"game seems like it might be good but runs badly, can't get a solid 60 on a rx 470 even on medium settings."
,Not Recommended,447040,28159295,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rydesu,"An interesting game filled with too many bugs, unrealistic abilities, and scenerios that don't make sense (why would people be abanding money and expensive gadgets around the city?). A lot of improvements over the first Watch Dogs, but I feel they went backwards in some areas. The bugs however are really making this game hard to play. You're probably better off just watching playthroughs for the time being."
,Not Recommended,447040,28129736,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ｆｅｚ,"I have been looking forward to WD2 for months now, and boy is it a disappointment.Story is cheesy so far with dialogue and jokes from the 90's. Some bits made me giggle though.Only played for a few hours, but cannot get immersed because of glitches, a framerate that has a mind of its own and frequent crashes.I am running an i7-6700k @ 4.6GHz, watercooled. ASUS GTX1070 Strix OC (stable overclock) and 16Gb DDR4 2666MHz RAM and i struggle to break 30fps @ 1080p on high-ish settings. Ultra was just an unplayable mess.The first hour was mostly tweaking graphics settings to acheive a playable fps, and closing everything that uPlay & AwefulAntiCheat demanded.Gave up playing as just trying to make it run stable was too frustrating."
76561198150666532,Not Recommended,447040,28353713,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,AgressioN,OMG SO BAD IT KEEPS SAYING PLEASE END THE PCHUNTER 64 HOW DO U FIX THIS D:< UGHHHH
,Not Recommended,447040,33262509,Posted: 4 July,all,aker!,awful and boring
76561198254814316,Not Recommended,447040,28791150,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Designator12,"When I tried to open it, it crashed.I ended up refunding it!Was really hoping it would work, but support just said to delete steam...so I just refunded it."
,Recommended,447040,32748753,Posted: 24 June,all,Megumi Kato,Buy this game pls? Support ubisoft!!!
76561198273708466,Not Recommended,447040,33047427,Posted: 30 June,all,Ev101505,I am not able to play the game because of Uplay codes. Rip Off. I know where i am getting my games next time. and its not here. I payed good money for this rip off
76561197992620866,Not Recommended,447040,34502973,Posted: 26 August,all,T. Abbot,Wish i got a refund earlier for this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198299148305,Not Recommended,447040,31329164,Posted: 23 April,all,cadehcarpenter,no
76561198348362160,Not Recommended,447040,28826228,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sirkillalot010,its good if ur bored
,Not Recommended,447040,34312231,Posted: 17 August,all,Manthium,F*£$ this. Happily running around figuring out a game in SINGLEPLAYER a truck comes along telling me to rob it and suddenly I have pvp? ♥♥♥♥ RIGHT OFF.
,Not Recommended,447040,28835783,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mad_Brilliance,I would probably end up writting a great review... that is if my computer could load the game and not just give me a black screen.
,Not Recommended,447040,28647803,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,its realy nice game and i love ithere is my detailed review of this gamepros :+ nice characters+ graphics realy nice+ nice animations+ nice onlinecons :- strippers panties attached to thier booty ( i mean its like they painted pantie on a stripper booty's texture )- performance issue and super high cpu usage- clothes are not so good- driving is realy bad .. i dont like it. if you like it so like it :|- hard to get into the game ( idk wtf im doing in this game )- u cant dive into the water- realy angry police. they kill u even if u jump on their car roof!- NPC models... ahh . its like they have no texture ...- no strip clubif u have money so buy this game its realy nice .if u dont have money so dont buy this game.my score 8/10.review Update ** **** ***horrible unoptimized game. omg i cant get 60f on LOWEST settings with my AWSOME PC . i play gta v on ULTRA 60 FPS - WITCHER 3 ON ULTRA 60FPS AND THIS GAME ..... 20-30 FPS ON LOW FULL OF FPS DROPS.
76561198044407836,Not Recommended,447040,28891759,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mehyes,"This game sucks, they cant even do save data correct. Worse when I try to start a new game, I cant skip cut scenes. What a ♥♥♥♥ing peice of crap."
76561198031195983,Recommended,447040,29225485,Posted: 13 January,all,NÉRO,OMFG ! BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED ! 11/10
,Not Recommended,447040,29378059,Posted: 20 January,all,☾♦xzlatofy♦☽,the game is soo bad the first watch dogs was way way better than this
76561198246821132,Recommended,447040,30738608,Posted: 25 March,all,A Myspace User,erhinh
,Not Recommended,447040,28724783,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Voodooman,"Game has not improved much since 1st one, and it suffering from all typical Ubisoft problems! Stealth and overall mechanics game design is so Re-tarded in this game:-You cant drag bodies, if you killed someone or knocked down in front of other one, you cover hide your traces-If you tazed down guard he will wake up soon, if you knocked him down he will remain in that sate, and you have no option to knock down tazed guard, so when guard wakes up its instant alarm, which makes tazer and any trap useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and melee is only relyable way to not cause any alarms-you are not cyborg, have no augumented eyes, but you can have permanent wallhack cheat and can see everyone though walls and can switch that off, member the times of old splinter cell where you had no maps and no wallhacks? Oh i member!-You can use security cameras, but why they cant see you and alaram enemies? Why cant you disable cameras?-enemies are deaf, they can hear a bullet hit nearby objects-UI is horrible, instead of going mimalistic, realistic and immersive direction of Rockstar Games (GTAIV, V, Max Payne 3, RDR - they all has minimum of hud and visual feedback which does not break immersion), they push hud and all kinds of visual feedback to such an extreme level it clutters screen and annoy you, and they still fail to realise that people hate it, hate highlights of items, hate bloody screens, hate wallhacks and all that stuff, yet Ubisoft can not even bring options to disable all of this, and even when you do - you break gameplay, because its designed around this annoying hud and there is no realistic diegestic immersive compensation in game to give you feedback if you turned some hud features off.I usually use shader dumping and reinjection to disable such thing, but this time they implemented some anticheat which im afraid will ban me for fixing ubisoft anti-immersive UI. People cry about it since Far Cry 3 i think, yet Ubisoft can not learnd and still making same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI in every game, this is why i was boycotting ubi games like 3 years, and this was the 1st one i bought, because i was cheated by positive, probabley fake reviews, and now i regret that i did it.-dont even ask me about driving part of game... it feels like i control a brick, which makes driving part of game totally avoidable-graphics also just meh, looks way worse than GTAV and runs like at half of GTAV fps i have-optimization is bad, i dont know why everyone screaming about good optimization - do they all have GTX 1080 or thats another sign of fake positive reviews?Overall if feels like dombed down Conviction (which already was dumbed down from Chaos Theory and Double Agent, and which was actually a base for creation of Watch Dogs 1, its concept growed from canceled old bum version of Conviction but them mutated into castrated mix of released Conviction and lazy GTAV wannabe) which missing vital stealth features.I dont know if game designers of this game re-tarded and cant understand basic logic of stealth or if marketing team told them ""dont do copy past entire splinter cell gameplay code and animations here, because nobody will buy Splinter Cell since this game will feel more superior with open world and cars, so just half of Splinter Cell features that you copied directly from its codebase, and dont forget to do the same with Assassin Creed code and assets you copied, we need to keep something that makes our identical games at least a little different, to give customers a point to buy them"". But stealth is just weak, yet this game starts from stealth, and push it as core of gameplay.If you will not judge this game as Stealth, but will judge it as GTA kind of game, it also feels dissapointing, comparing to GTAIV, V and some other gta-like games like Sleeping Dogs, while WD2 not as bad as Mafia 3, its quite close in terms of GTAV kind of expirience, and its very similar to Mafia 3 with huge amount of bugs, underdeveloped things, poor game design decision, very cluttered UI, clunky controls... speaking about controls: WHAT KIND OF IDIOT DECIDED IT WOULD BE GOOD IDEA TO PUT WEAPON WHEEL ON  DPAD UP INSTEAD OF RB OR LB IF YOU CANT MOVE LIKE THAT WHILE SELECTING WITH RIGHT STICK AND WHILE THERE IS NO PAUSE? I was killed several times because of that, i was in cover, wanted to select weapon, but since i cant move when i push dpad up, and yet in real time mode, im easy target and dead meat! And i cant rebind gamepad controls in game! Because Ubi still hardcode gamepad controls, there are no real aternative binds, only for lefties, and i cant imagine how lefty would hold dpad up and  select weapon with left stick - its impossible, what kind of mutants test and designed that kind of controls?The only good things i find about this game - artistic style and music, this is where game really improved, but its not movie, it may look good and sounds good, it plays somewhere in a middle between good and bad.Oh, and there is new Ubisoft pricing policy which make season pass more expensive than entire game, and DLC with one one freakin costume and car skin cost as 1\4 of game. Judging by reports game does not sell well, so Ubi did generous 33% off  (which is the only reason i allowed myself to by it) trick to push sales, and im pretty sure all of these positve reviews are fake and was made in disperate attempt to boost sales of this bomb. Ubisoft empire falling appart it seems, This is what happens when for 10 years games developed by marketing division and investors, and creative directors has to obey orders from above, instead of making creative games Ubi used to do before rise of Assassin Creed success."
76561197972623042,Not Recommended,447040,28566037,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Desmond,"Another Ubisoft, another disappointment. It looks like they always make the same game but just change visuals. Assassin's Creed syndicate saw me quit out of boredom, and I fear this game will, too. I hesitated a lot before buying but eventually gave them benefit of doubt over other good games of 2016.There we go:Pro'sFunny, bright and lightheartedModern iconography of information ageLots of side missionsConsSame Ubisoft ""touch"" - sounds, movement etc - feel like Far Cry and AC bundled in a different pacakgeBugs! A switch won't respond anymore, need to get out and back inDriving cars suck, it looks like playing Mario-kart minus the funSide missions can be numerous and repetitiveDiscrepancy: you're there to expose Big Brother but can kill civiliansI hate it when I pay good money for a game that doesn't compel me to come back everyday until I beat it.It's still an AAA game, but please do yourself a favor and wait to get it at discount. It's just another Ubisoft game that feels, plays and shows exactly like an Ubisoft game."
,Not Recommended,447040,28087675,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,A Box of Doom,"Im prob one of the minority, but i have a good gaming rig (FX-8350 GTX 1070 8gigs of ram) and no matter what configuration of setting im getting only 30-40 fps while outside and that without driving. I would love to play this game but im unable to enjoy it in this state. I refunded it for now but if their is a fix in the future im definatly going to rebuy it and ill change my review.Edit: Thank you to the people who have commented trying to help me find the root of the problem. But i dont think its my cpu due to the fact that i tried lower resolutions and setting and still had the same fps. I think the only thing i didnt try was rolling back my drivers but i already refunded the game. Also here is a video of an I7 6500k with dual 1080s tanking in frames just like my rig at 1080phttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIKm3882Zbk"
,Not Recommended,447040,28096394,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,potatogod21,"i strongly recommend this game if you are new to watch dogs. but you see i have had many dificulties from the start to the end also mentioning that i currently live in  china and they give me russian and silmplifyed chinese versions of the game.so, as you may have guessed i have refunded my game. ps ive seen walk thrus and the story is brilliant"
,Not Recommended,447040,28151832,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DELTAprime,This game cannot achieve a solid 60fps on a GTX 1080 @1440p as it appears to be very poorly optimised. I cannot recommend this game in it's current state. I got the game refunded as it should run better on high end hardware.
,Not Recommended,447040,28174614,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,kagranac,"What a mistake that was, buying this game.  I don't understand it, I feel lost, don't know what to do or what's best to do.I didn't play the first and don't feel there is enough of an explanation to new comers about anything.the cloths you wear are hidious, you'll constantly hide behind obsticles without wanting to which is frustrating and the controls all feel wrong. the worse experience i've ever had on a new game."
,Not Recommended,447040,29290118,Posted: 15 January,all,IM CANCER CARE,Dont even buy this game trash ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,447040,28104843,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sushi.Ψ,"Compare with the previous Watch Dogs, Watch Dogs 2 is sadly disappointing.The Driving System still suck, multiplayer system is just simply an extension from the Watch Dogs: Bad Blood. And in my opinion, Watch Dogs 2's story is quiet childish that compare with the first Watch Dogs, but it's a new style, i won't say too much about it.The only 2 reasons you bought this game: The minimized San Francisco and the glitch arts."
76561198003545005,Not Recommended,447040,28264489,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dog,Good game.Runs like crap tho.
,Not Recommended,447040,28224891,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mr Larson,"Cant even run this game with a GTX 970. But i can run GTA 5, Battlefield 1 and Overwatch for example at maximum graphics.Wait until they patch it and optimize it, it´s in a very bad state if i cant even run it on the lowest settings possible."
,Not Recommended,447040,28243625,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Daxtron2,"Crashed instantly on startup, requires UPlay which also crashed a lot. After I got UPlay to work, my account had been hijacked apparently. Regular Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can't attest to the game so take this with a grain of salt."
76561198066925708,Not Recommended,447040,28125608,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FlyingNoodle95,"Guys... this was a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, so much less to do than expected i asked for a refund in under 2 hours. What real improvement was there apart from the driving? And what unholy concussed lump of meat wrote the storyline and made the ""YOUNG"" and ""HIP"" kids such unbearably lame ♥♥♥♥♥? The main catchprases is ""♥♥♥♥ that maaaaaan, the government maaaan"" and that annoying high pitched ""swEEEEEEt"" that literally forces♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from cringing. These were all clearly drawn up in a room full of out of touch ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that thought condescension was the best way to reach the millenial generation.Genuinely disappointed at anyone who gave this a good review, I can't beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out civs with the ball, it takes 5 hours of animation to take down one guy so by the time I'm done with him 12 guys have emptied their clip on me. No stealth corner takedowns, no dual takedowns, no parkour takedowns, barely any climbing, need to take a ♥♥♥♥ing gun out to put on the mask and no ruining people's lives on their social network page so that they jump off a bridge and before you say that promotes cyber-bullying do please have the decency to remember that you can shoot these people in the face so don't give me that♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you think all games with hints of violence PROMOTE said violence. Just let me at LEAST explode their phones as they try to answer a call, they'd probs have a samsung anyway... Any moment of creativity that you come up with is YOU making the best of a bad game.All guards have replaced their eyes with those of eagles to detect the slightest movement from 50 miles away so they can detect you even when they're having conversations with each other. And when they lose sight of you they pretty much know exactly where you're hiding and seeing your flesh for a milisecond guarantees being spotted. Are you rushing at a guy who just saw you but you knocked him out before he shot anything? PFFF What're you expecting? That every guard in the restricted area isn't immediately alerted? YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU THINK THIS IS A NEXT GEN GAME??? HAHHAHA, except it's only funny for the guy sitting on your cash.I wondered how a ""next gen game"" could've been processed so easily by computers, now I know why...What can you do? Drone and rc jumper, 30 seconds and you get the gist. The funnest thing to do is to look at the animation when jumping over♥♥♥♥♥♥but good luck finding a journey that incorporates that much because i just jumped over the same barrier going ""oooooh"" and ♥♥♥♥en ""ahhhh"" for 30 mins. Yes the parkour LOOKS great but limiting it to jumping only over barriers as high as a fence and relying on some choice boxes strewn over the map purely out of the supposed kindness of the game designers' hearts cannot be enough to call this game ""parkour"". Assassins Creed had parkour, a game called ""Free Runnin"" on the psp that I owned had parkour. This and indeed its predecessor do not have parkour...I was really, REALLY hoping for something magical. The improvement we were all waiting for. But I can't lie to myself because the attitude really is ""play the game the way you want, but do so in the way we let you."" You may pretend to like this game because of such a hype but that will die soon and this game ought to be placed in obscurity and its creators who said they listened to our concerns should be reprimanded for such mediocrity.If you enjoy this game Ubisoft in the head my friend...I got my money back and used it to support the up and coming game Kingdom Come Deliverance. Beta's downloading now, fingers crossed."
,Not Recommended,447040,28083093,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CamiRock17,"I made a refund, this game is ♥♥♥♥♥ier than the first one.At least WD1 had an Amazing story and a Strong character who suffers from the death of his niece."
76561198057401404,Not Recommended,447040,28205889,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Wompis,"after paying $70 and the game crashed 3 times after playing for an hour and a half, now it won't even launch, great 10/10 Ubishit did a Ubishit again, and I'm not even saying that this is a bad game, from all the media I've seen of it, it actually looks really good, but the fact that it's unplayable is just unacceptible for me"
76561198312811116,Not Recommended,447040,33709656,Posted: 21 July,all,elitelife_dd,buttcheeks
,Not Recommended,447040,28296120,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,A. Money,"If you don't have a very high end computer to run this, don't even bother. I can only run this game at low settings for it to run smooth and it looks absolutely terrible. Don't buy this game if you don't have the new Nividia graphics card, otherwise you will be very very disapointed"
76561198015156633,Not Recommended,447040,33419846,Posted: 9 July,all,jeffreyg4,"I cannot belive that they used the same builings from watchdog1 just changed local and a story line. Cone on, if your going to do that then drop the price. I'm tired of paying these high proces for recyled games."
76561198103939884,Not Recommended,447040,28817093,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DEATH CLITS,"Had  to wait 4 hours for the game to install, then I tried to play the game  but had to install uplay and make an account and as I tried playing the game it brought me to a small screen with the main character and the title watch_dogs 2 and it disapperared and it did the same thing after i tried to play again 0/10"
76561198045819656,Not Recommended,447040,28688442,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,coolkeven,Game is♥♥♥♥♥ Good at start then goes 2♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,447040,28276252,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Seyaryuki,"I usually don't take time to write reviews, but this game has so much bugs and glitches it should be in the Guinness book. And don't get me started on the ""story""..."
76561198390652012,Not Recommended,447040,34088014,Posted: 7 August,all,dtbailey016,to laggy way to laggy and it says i played to long to get a refund will never get any thing from obisoft again!!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,31247523,Posted: 19 April,all,PinkShit,Hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!
76561198067021502,Not Recommended,447040,32800585,Posted: 25 June,all,☭The Ben Shapiro☭,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥ I got it on sale and I still consider it overpriced. Every time I engage in a firefight the game crashes, regardless of any graphics settings. It seems almost worth it to try, but it's literally unplayable in its current state. Also, even if it was playable, without the ultra texture pack, the city looks quite bad. For reference I have a gtx 1080 as my gpu and i7-4790k as my cpu."
76561198121994986,Not Recommended,447040,28125595,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,*Ableton Live,"so, i played this game for right up to my 2 hours, really wanting to like it. I actuallyed thought the 1st one was better. Watchdogs 2 feels like it doesnt know what age it wants to be. Its full of f* bombs ,but the edgey cornball comic lines seem like they would only be funny to someone not old enought for mature language. As another reviewer mentions, the driving is terrible. some motorcycles take like 100 feet to stop with the brakes, and there doesnt seem to be a power slide or e-brake. the cars , bored out at top speed, feel like your going half the speed you wish you were going. I have been to san francisco many times, and was very excited to explore it in watchdogs 2, but ubis version of SF is shiny ,boring, lifeless and nothing like the real thing. the real SF is beautiful , but also dark, poluted and urban. WD2 San Francisco is like a giant tract neighborhood, not the sprawling , busy metropolis it really is.....I really tried to like this game, but it just left a sour taste in my mouth...."
76561198177775521,Not Recommended,447040,28067136,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⎠҉⎞猫耳爱丽丝⎛҉⎝,掉帧掉的头晕，平均55+FPS掉帧，也真是奇怪啊，其他没体验，没有时间体验
,Not Recommended,447040,28770740,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gio Gio,This game is better than the one beforeBut its agenda is pushed so far up your bum hole that you cant even play and have funThe game is pretty but just like before you dont even need to hack because it is worthlessSave your money and buy witcher 3. It is the best ever by pc gamer 10/10If u have wither 3 and all the witchers and all the dlcThan buy a good game that doesnt promote mental illnessesPlease support trump for god emperorMaga 2016 - Forever
76561198365801269,Not Recommended,447040,31360434,Posted: 25 April,all,Fairy,Crash after 15 minutes in game
76561198257583168,Not Recommended,447040,28834571,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nigga,why this game are locked in Chinese ang Russian lang????
,Not Recommended,447040,30446910,Posted: 11 March,all,PAIMEI,Driving feels like hell. GTA wanna be.
,Not Recommended,447040,28290976,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Cheykan,"*some spoilers ahead*after 26 hours (mostly AFK) TRYING to like SOMETHING about the game i've more or less given up hope, the best moment i had in this game was when i rescued Aiden, everyhting else just felt forced grindy and pointless.story- what story? i might be slightly mentaly challanged but i can't seem to grasp what this game is about..main missions just feels like side missions, there are no reprocautions what so ever in what way you do a mission.. go in there guns blazing mission done in a few minutes and on the the next.. rince and repeat, ofc you could gp stealth etc but that will make your eyes bleed and leave fingers sore from all the keyboard polka needed,hacking is just boring tedious work for nothing.quadcopter and RC car is just enoying fluff to make you enoyed.. they're basicly advanced selfie-sticksand why the *beeep* is that option avalible anyway?the only good thing i can say about this game is: thank you for net hackwaste of money!"
76561198274811031,Not Recommended,447040,32991727,Posted: 29 June,all,Fuadota,bought watch dogs n watch dog 2 in bundle but only receive 1 activation code....cant play watch dog 2 because no key activation
76561198075007965,Not Recommended,447040,30638914,Posted: 20 March,all,Your Lord And Savior Jmda,"Pros-Big Improvement over the first-Very fun to play with friends-Fun to goof around-World looks just like San FranciscoCons-Hard to get over 1FPS when you are runing driveing or walking at a simi fast speed In the city-""Your frame rate is to low to play on Ubisoft Servers""-Ubisoft-Ubisoft servers-When there servers do work within a short time it ends in ""Connection lost"""
76561198236481558,Not Recommended,447040,29617007,Posted: 31 January,all,ChunkyGauc,"worst, so boring don't buy. This is nothing like GTA 5!"
,Recommended,447040,28138843,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,装逼记得插兜,yeah
76561198316919164,Not Recommended,447040,31895159,Posted: 21 May,all,LE7ELS SKIN.TRADE,If u wanna waste ur hard earned money.This is the game ur looking for .Co-op suck.Story sucks and the physics sucks too.I wouldn't​ recommend this game
,Recommended,447040,28641741,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GamerJ,the game wont load up from my deaktop and i cant play it because it wont load
,Not Recommended,447040,33045140,Posted: 30 June,all,Tommi,"I do not understand why this game has so many positive Reviews.It is just a bad GTA Online copy, the story is boring even though the idea is actally pretty cool.Gameplay is sooo terrible, shooting and driving is painful.The netcode is a joke, my friend is always lagging, so you can forget the races ... not only because of nobody playing them.And finally there is no real reason to play, you can buy cars or weapons but you can not modify them, so you could also just pick the weapon of a dead person.(I would also like to play in first person ...)All in all I can not recommend it, at least not for more than 10 bucks."
76561198317629362,Not Recommended,447040,30901480,Posted: 2 April,all,RyanHammers,horrible game
76561198253927819,Not Recommended,447040,28086802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Teddy,It's a nice power point presentation when driving.
,Not Recommended,447040,28199061,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,マジカルミライ,"This game really bad,it made me dizzy,but Grand Theft Auto V will not.And its vehicle control is not good,Very easy to crash."
76561197983203499,Not Recommended,447040,28207219,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,M@K,"Game won't launch - known bug, no fix available.Win 7 x64, 16 Gb RAM, GTX 1070, i5-4590."
76561198099624589,Not Recommended,447040,28121622,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,gruzinchik,"Game didnt lauch properly. Went through hoops of steam, uplay forums, uplay support, spent 4 hours trying to fix the issue. The game just wouldn't start. Uplay support is useless, tried 14 different things to get it to launch, on my high-end pc computer.I'm not gonna sit around and wait for the patch, i just hit refund button. Too bad, was really looking forward to this."
76561198039270126,Not Recommended,447040,32659361,Posted: 22 June,all,Iceman,So far Im loving the fact that it freezes at every cut scene. Grade A.
,Not Recommended,447040,34203767,Posted: 12 August,all,smashouille,"It is not often that I think a game is bad, but this one is !PROS :- graphics are good.- the San Francisco environment is nice.CONS :- story not interesting at all.- the writting is so bad.- the characters are really getting on my nerves (everyone of them !)- the movements on feet or driving a car is terribleEverytime I play I end up angry just because everything is annoying or frustrating.This is a GTA like which has nothing like GTA sue to a poor development.I do not recommend it, especially not at its full price, not even on sale !"
76561197970562019,Not Recommended,447040,28139921,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,plasmatech,"Just spent an hour trying to get past the VERY FIRST TUTORIAL LEVEL!!! Stealth is everything, place is *crawling* with guards, you have split seconds to activate/hack a terminal, but the ridiculous scrpited animation to get in/out of a ""Hacking"" pose is ri-dic-u-lously slow.  Get in do the hack, complete itwith a split second to spare, and what does homeboy do?Stop, moonwalk backwards a bit, pause, crouch, pause some more, check his hair as the camera slowly spins to normal ""over the shoulder"" position, pause some more, then what feels like half an hour later you get control back and he can move.  All the while the teeming guards have long since spotted you, and while the AI is lame, the nanosecond one sees you, the entire city knows where you are and starts shooting.I will revisit and evaluate this review if or when I manage to get past the TUTORIAL!!!!!EDIT: Past the tutorial after 94min and a thousand f******g irritating checkpoint restarts.-  YOU CAN""T SKIP CUTSCENES !!!!"
,Not Recommended,447040,28140887,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,suhh,Its like GTA Graphics + Watch Dogs 1 + Some Upgrades... Lame IMO
,Not Recommended,447040,28227433,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Marcus101RR,"Watch Dogs returns with more hacking, and more anti-hacking.EAC Easy Anti-CheatThis is one heck of a monster and useless enough program that needs to be running. This generation games already use maximum CPU/GPU usage on the hardest available hardware, the last thing anyone needs is things like this or Denuvo using ""Supposedly"" none/minor resources to run in the background.The truth is out there, they use resources, and its enough to cripple a game in this generation, maybe not games that only need 2-4 cores. You guys should have waited for the next hardware generation for this addition!Story ModeThis is always a must, but the delivery is not enough. It is a good story, but it felt like there is no real ""Boss Challenge"" at the end. The story was just testing your patience and approach of hacking to finish your mission. Things should have gotten more challenging by now and different. The story is okay, but it isn't anything that is going to knock your socks off like those famous story telling games. Don't expect this to be something like Heavy Rain, or Final Fantasy story telling. It is mediocre at best.MultiplayerOnce again, Ubisoft didn't learn anything from its previous games (including Watch Dogs) about Multiplayer. They did learn one thing, Seamless joining/leaving without causing any loading inbetween sessions unless you have to be loaded to a location that is too far away from your target session (that is okay). Assassin's Creed Unity was the first game that introduced this cooperative mechanic, and Watch Dogs took the same approach first.When I see multiplayer in a cooperative/story mode game. I expect Cooperative/Multiplayer to be come an optional task. This means, that everything you can do in Single Player, should be accessible with Coop! If I want to do Story Mode with a friend, then it should change the challenge and make it more fun, but be optional. The first thing I wanted to see if I can do the entire game in coop. The answer was No, and I was facepalmed by another AC Unity coop game. Only thing you can do coop is Missions designed for Cooperative and Freeroaming.Seems all to familiar as Coop is either forced upon you in a game, or completely disregarded as a side joke.Seems alot of gaming companies are not learning anything at all, and considering we are at the age and generation of 8-Core processors, and heavy duty GFX cards, it is time almost all games that face coop ability should utilize this feature.I was disappointed that Cooperative was limited to specific missions, and options, and completely repetitive and recycled objectives. This is gonna knock the game score down big time.Competitive MultiplayerThe game really doesn't emphasis on competitive gameplay, but supposedly Invasions/Bounties are considered it due to the ranking system. The truth is, it really isn't seeing as the invader can't kill you and has to escape or die. So therefor, nothing competitive about it, just Cat and Mouse gameplay here. If anything some gadgets and tools should be nerfed with reduced range/radius/usage ability. Due to the Quadcopter being the easiest tool to use and find your invader. He will never escape! This makes the game, not fun if Quadcopters are instant win situtations.8-Player Free Roam DefunctNow there really isn't any reason to have more than 4 people in a single map session since Coop Missions can't be played with more than 2, Story Mode can't be played with more than 1, and all other invasions cannot be done with more than 2-3 players.However, giving the circumstances, it's time to learn something from Watch Dogs and hacking. It won't always be a 1 Vs 1 hacker. Sometimes it can be different combination of hacking streams. Such as 3 players, hacking one another, and no I am not taking about 1 Vs 1 Vs 1, I'm talking about 1 -> 1 -> 1, yeah A can't kill C, while B can't kill A? You get the idea? Also, why can't 3-4 players come in at once and hack their targets all in the same session? This puts more strategy into the game, you are being hacked, but at the same time you are hacking someone's data. Now you have to choose, fight off your hacker and return to hacking your target, or take the risk?I guess they though that was too much work to program in! Or too many resources needed to make it. Hate to say it but hackers hack each other constantly and put a backdoor in, so there is a chance you are fighting 2 doors at once.Useless Side AcitivitesIf anything, the whole Sail Boating thing is a waste of time, and doesn't even give any reason for doing it. I did it twice and then I was done. Didn't even bother trying multiplayer on it, If I want to go sailing. I'll probably use my real life Sail Yacht, thanks!Racing? Did this game even have Racing? I mean can't this game handle 8-12 Players? Let's put some track courses in here, and use hacking as a Mario Style (Item Pickup) to screw up the other players while racing. Seriously, where was the developement team's head? Grand Theft Auto 5 has racing and it is fun as heck, imagine how fun it could have been utlizing the hacking system in a course track. I guess this was scrubbed.Drone Races? Seems to me like the same concept of Racing should be added here, but it didn't. How about Battle Bots? I mean we see this in real life, so why not let RC cars/quadcopters do a 8-16 player versus match to hack/destroy one another? Get rid of these solo Drone Races, pointless activity!It is time that game start getting interactive with multiplayer experiences, cooperative, or semi-competitive. Enough with this its as interactive with the game code as it was designed to be! I hate single player now, every new game I see its the same thing. Are we all alone in this world?Unhackable ThingsThere were a few things I thought should have been hackable, but ended up not being able to. The Trams that run around in San Fran should have been hackable for sure, as a replacement for hacking Subway Trains. I was not sure about this one because I really don't think the Trams can do much against chases or events around the city. There were a few other devices that could not be hacked, which I thought may have been useable against players.Gadgets CombinedIn the previous game each gadget was different, in this game, they combined them into one. The explosives/electric are all equipped with a distract feature, which was originally a separate gadget of its own in the original. Nice improvement on them, but the usage was limited due to the fact you can only carry 2 at one time, and later 5.Damage RatiosWhen playing online, I came across players who would do more damage than me. I found out that when using the grenades or the launcher I would have to use 2 of them to kill them, while when they used it against me they only needed one shot. I found this highly unfair in a MP game, the ratio should be the same for both players. I made sure that the police or enviroment didn't take any health away from me before such event.Officially when Coop was introduced to the first game as a DLC, I expected that if a second game would come out, that coop would get a major improvement then the first. Allowing more interaction with all kinds of missions and activities, and even an optional oppertunitiy to do this with up to 4 players.I personally believe Coop required a huge improvement. Why not an invasion against AI vs 4 Players?  Wave-like invasion to protect data, or steal data?Game Rating: 5/10It was a great play, but I beat it in 50 Hours, played some stuff on multiplayer. Now, there is nothing left to do. Back to Grand Theft Auto 5 for me. The game's worth price is $29.99 at best. If you have not purchased it yet, wait till it reaches this price then buy it.Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,447040,31495422,Posted: 1 May,all,bubble tea,Disgusting money hog DLC and story is terribly short.
76561198324672934,Not Recommended,447040,28233545,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Zonderjake,why can i not play it in english there is only a russian and chineese option
,Not Recommended,447040,29231643,Posted: 13 January,all,skrub,"Don't get the game on steam, get it on Uplay. Theres no point of getting it on steam, as it makes the game unplayable as it did for me. If you get it on Uplay, you won't have this problem.But from the 70 mins that i played, it looks like a really good game with in-depth mechanics. If it actually worked on steam, I would recommend it. I cant. Get it on Uplay."
,Not Recommended,447040,34744726,Posted: 4 September,all,MadinNight,"So I got this game because I loved the first one, and I thought maybe I'd love this one too, but I actually never got to play it.Because uplay was mandatory I installed it along with the game. So I have everything downloaded, and then I figured out that WD2 won't run on my computer because of my graphics card. So I uninstalled it, along with Uplay, which was a huge mistake apparently because when I opened my computer next I got a blue screen.Long story short: I never got to play the game, and Uplay sucks(For the first one I had it on my xbox 360, and my internet was down while I was playing it.)"
76561198232992960,Not Recommended,447040,32728257,Posted: 24 June,all,Sasquatch | Pvpro.com,"Awfully optimized, a decent PC cant really run it, poor quality and not worth the price."
76561198032549549,Not Recommended,447040,33127280,Posted: 2 July,all,fab1973,"How did they manage to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game than the first ? Game camera terrible, characters morons, driving weak, visually sad. Big thumbs down."
76561198302995636,Not Recommended,447040,32780513,Posted: 25 June,all,i will stuff you in the crust,"incredibly dissapointing, just buy gta and play it, way more fun"
,Not Recommended,447040,32869487,Posted: 27 June,all,Ａｌｂｅｄｅｅｎ,naw
76561198079583666,Not Recommended,447040,30739079,Posted: 25 March,all,shane.grillo,Runs very poorly even at med settings. Getting around 40fps.GTX 970i716gig ram
76561198138983323,Not Recommended,447040,32388985,Posted: 13 June,all,a SligHtLy ReTarTeD SaLaD,"I really want to play watch dogs 2, but I can't because of this issue. My other crappy hp computer doesn't have enough ram, and a bunch of other things. I wanted to play on this pc, but everytime it gets to the 1st screen of loading, it doesnt do anything more. After a few seconds, It shuts down and says that Ive played the game. My brother has tried fixing it but no one can find the problem."
76561198032282758,Not Recommended,447040,30353006,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,Just as bad as Watch_Dogs 1 but this time with loads of millennial jokes!
76561198198035850,Not Recommended,447040,29288052,Posted: 15 January,all,HTKman,dont like the look of it
,Not Recommended,447040,29244036,Posted: 14 January,all,Bergström,"Honestly its nothing special, its a solid game."
76561198015682171,Not Recommended,447040,28110024,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,torch672,"A far, far cry from  WD 1. Yes the graphics and some game play is better, however I'm curious to how a M rated game seems more like a Saturday morning cartoon. Every corner i go around I keep thinking Scooby Doo is going to show up. I hated that cartoon and this reminds me so much of it. A 18 or over game, for tweens, hmmm. I won't even get into the ridiculous FPS rate rollercoaster on a high end machine because that has already been brought up so much in other reviews. It really shouldn't even be called Watch Dogs, too silly, too corny, too kiddie.  I knew they would ruin a good thing."
76561198279648650,Not Recommended,447040,28475416,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MothersMilk-GBP,ayo hol upbreathes in deeplyso u be sayingrabs crotchwe wuz hackers
76561198002081861,Not Recommended,447040,28504484,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Randseed,"This is a good game. Don't get me wrong.Unfortunately, I have to NOT recommend it because of Ubisoft's UPlay crap."
76561198041542311,Not Recommended,447040,28137074,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Tom-Stefan,The graphics isn't even close to the trailer and the glitches... don't get me started on the glitches
,Not Recommended,447040,28200423,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Colors,Trash. Not on fleek even a little.
,Not Recommended,447040,28267949,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Devithamon,I cant play the game. I keep getting the black screen. Steam doesnt want to give me a refund cause of 9 hours playing time. I DIDNT PLAY! I am not even able to play. So tell me te 9 hours? No refund of 9 hours black screen. I thought i needed to be patient. But nope sorry sir no refund. realy realy realy bad costumers service steam.
,Not Recommended,447040,28213671,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,zYkIE!,"Unpolish♥♥♥♥♥♥box!I enjoyed the first one, really liked the game was fun, sure had its problems and hype issues but wow WD2 takes the cake here!Gun play = crapDriving = crapGame = crapWouldn't recommend, I feel this should be an early access title at most."
,Not Recommended,447040,28200743,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Amarendra_Bahubali,♥♥♥♥♥game poorly optimised my gtx 1060 6GB and I7-4790 cant even run this game at ultra 60fps still broken dont buy this game yet wait for another patch performance fix
76561198188586409,Not Recommended,447040,28360852,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mr.Meatballs,1. I hack everything but what my crosshair is on2. The police/pursuers can smell me from 15 blocks away and if you have more then a 3 star wanted then their is almost no way you can escape it unless you have all the perks which you wont get for quite some time3. its still feels like im driving a bathtub than a car.Would rather play barbies dream house then this game.
76561198066569662,Not Recommended,447040,28570422,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,HDreamz twitch.tv,SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS info fail
,Not Recommended,447040,28831992,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Callum,It's just the first one in a new city and with new graphics
,Not Recommended,447040,32961664,Posted: 28 June,all,Lightoning,Waste of A LOT of money worse that the 1st Watch Dogs disgusting controlls mapping for PC or you might play with a Controller xD yeah like an idiot
,Not Recommended,447040,30384205,Posted: 7 March,all,~StickyHands,Kanye West Guyness.......... Games for 12 year olds.........
76561198141303468,Not Recommended,447040,33938533,Posted: 31 July,all,Batman,First one was better
76561198019781807,Not Recommended,447040,28343529,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SHART,"Bought it, asked for a key that was never displayed or given.  Returned it because not willing to deal with the ridiculousness of getting that figured out.  Will rebuy when it's $30 or less."
76561198091519607,Not Recommended,447040,28131564,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Aldamir,EAC wont even let me launch it >.>
,Not Recommended,447040,28536114,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dr IllumiNAUGHTY,"TL;DR: Don't bother with this, it's a waste of money.  Ubisoft managed to drum up ""It's way better than the first one, give it a try!"" hype, and for the most part it's worked - I've parted with £40 which I'm never going to see again.Enter the world of hackers, where everyone's a Hipster, is big into Politcal Correctness despite the fact they engage in illegal activities that destroy people's livelihoods on a daily, and are generally a bunch of weirdos whose only goal is to obtain more followers.  Ubisoft has tried their very best to avoid the wrath of Social Justice Warriors by putting in a black main character, who shares black culture references with his black teammate (who adds nothing to the plot but reminds you that you are playing as a black person), adding in Transgender mission-givers, making the main character reem off Black Lives Matter soundbites when he drives a supposedly racist car, subtly pushing a communist/socialist agenda by labelling everything to do with business or the acquisition of money as BAD BAD BAD, and I'm sure there's plenty more, but I lost interest in this utter♥♥♥♥♥♥heap pretty early on.Basically Ubisoft put more effort into ensuring that they don't offend anyone than giving this game a clear identity.  It has the run and gun feel of GTA V with really poor watered-down driving mechanics, some ""hacking"" elements thrown in, all of which happen instantaneously with the push of a button (unless you have to download or upload some data).  This game had some real potential.  I would have loved it if they removed the endless arsenal of guns and made a modern-day Assassin's Creed game with hacking elements - which is what it felt like on the very first mission before I was given the entire Armoury of the US Marines to play with.I was really intrigued with the idea of dropping into badly-behaving players' sessions to hack them, but this turned out to be nothing more than impromptu games of hide and seek to gain points on an XP bar that I don't fully understand the purpose of.To conclude: Some interesting elements and a lot of potential, ruined by 'bloated' mechanics, lack of identity, and edgy-weirdo (frankly annoying) characters."
,Not Recommended,447040,28729415,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dank,Misleading title you pet dogs not watch dogs for that reason alone this is in invalid game that triggers me.░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░▄██▄▄▄▄▄▄▄██▄░░░░▄█▀▀▀▀██▄░░░░░░░█▀░░░░█▀▀▀░░▄██░░▄▄█░░░██▀▀▀███▄██░░░░░█░░░░░░▀█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀██▀░░░▀█▀▀▀▀███▄▄█░░░█░░░░░░░░░▀▀█▄▄██▀▀░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄░░░▄▄▀█░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░▀██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄██░░▀█░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░▄▄▄█▀▀▀░░░▄█▀░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░██▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░░░
76561198273191912,Not Recommended,447040,32212074,Posted: 5 June,all,sYmPhOnIcAgOnY,SOmething is wrong here ive clicked play uplay is downloaded but no dice it wont play whats happening here...
,Not Recommended,447040,32831062,Posted: 26 June,all,Hcurtis694,sqays i can run it but runs like shitrt i spent nearly 1hr on settings trying to fix and went over 2hrs so i cant get a refund
,Not Recommended,447040,34005088,Posted: 3 August,all,Shmaqmi™,The storyline isn't as good as the first one and it gets very repetitive sometimes. IS NOT WORTH $80.
,Not Recommended,447040,29159638,Posted: 10 January,all,Major Tom,-No Sound in the Game-Driving is not fixed-when i go to the game my cpu is 50% my ram use is 100%-bad graphicGta V is very better then thisnever buy any thing fromUbiBug
76561198083622990,Not Recommended,447040,28564523,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,nut up or shut up,"Apparently if you don't have a GTX 1070 then you're out of luck in keeping a steady 60FPS even on the lowest settings.Seriously, setting everything to low on a GTX 970 and i5 4690K means that you'll hit an inconsistent 60FPS, with constant dips to the mid-40s. Highest FPS on LOW settings is around 90FPS, which will likely only be hit if you're in an empty area or inside a building. How can people call this optimised?Tried adjusting many settings but to no avail. Will be refunding this game.https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/5fdoaf/watch_dogs_2_runs_great_and_looks_great/"
,Not Recommended,447040,28089984,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lord quas,"characters already seem autistic, cringey dialogue, average gameplay. dont believe the optimisation is good, because its not at all."
,Not Recommended,447040,28260401,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Punished Snake,Can't make the game run smoothly without lowering the settings to barely high. PC Specs in profile description. I don't even know why I bought th is after Watch_Dogs 1 desaster. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoftEDIT: This game is exactly $2/Hour worth of entertainment. Main Story + Side Quests took me about 25 Hours + 5 Hours playing all Online Modes and random interaction with SF like selfies and stuff. If it wasn't for the horrible performance it would be a really good game (compared to Watch_Dogs 1 that is). The story ended anticlimactic and some of the references in the audio files were clearly ment for an older audience (Archie vs. Predator). Overall 30 hours well spent but not as satisfying as it could've been
,Not Recommended,447040,34244728,Posted: 14 August,all,Skeletor,"Horrible checkpoint system: If you die accidentally after a long mission, you will want to uninstall this game immediately.Stupid story: A small group of hackers attack everyone (even mafia) and they know their identities but can't find them. Also, their super secret location is behind a password protected door in an internet cafe at the center of the city. Also, there is a super advanced face recognication tech in the game but they can sneak into any top secret place and run easily even the security cameras. Tom & Jerry is much more logical than this.Super Repetative MissionsBad controls & car mechanicsDull city, stupid pedestrians, motoristsLesson learned;Don't buy another Watch Dogs game. (Even its score is 10/10)"
,Not Recommended,447040,30118086,Posted: 23 February,all,BadFish,meh
76561198093230351,Not Recommended,447040,32245261,Posted: 7 June,all,Xanthis101,"Only two hours in, bored already. Don't like the characters, gameplays fine but GTA V is better so I'll just go play that and as with all ubisoft stories I couldn't care less if I tried, not to mention the ludonarrative dissonance (also common in ubisoft games).It just feels like a bad GTA V, the hacking is what's supposed to set it apart but it just felt gimiky and I got bored of it very quickly."
76561198248247416,Not Recommended,447040,29244404,Posted: 14 January,all,ImSoEz,The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the gameplay is okeyish you get bored really fast and in some scenarious you have like 20 cops shooting at you while you are surrounded and you need to shoot a fat man 2 times in the head with the best sniper in the game before he dies + the most expensive weapon dosent even kill people
76561198289349306,Not Recommended,447040,32797028,Posted: 25 June,all,Knight,Bland empty entertainment that's boring as hell.
76561198347693135,Not Recommended,447040,28308929,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,aywingswu,cannot play
,Not Recommended,447040,28840260,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AchievementUL,"Game is 10/10 Payed $53.59 for game that will not start. Worth the money, would buy again."
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,447040,28133298,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Revixy,"This is the worst installment in the Watch_Dogs franchise.It will constantly give you lag spikes that freezes your game for several seconds, regardless of how powerful your rig is or what your graphics settings is set to, which means the game is badly optimized.The amount of cringing I did due to the new protagonist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ behavior and clothing style was off the roof not to mention the lame story which sure as hell didn't help either.It's a hipsters wet dream of a game, I'm sure. But this♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game is ♥♥♥♥ing embarrassing, for many reasons. Not to mention the ♥♥♥♥ing seizure inducing loading screens and crap that is thrown in your face constantly.I cannot and will not recommend this game to anyone.See the awful display and bad performance of Watch_Dogs 2, below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGf30YpovXA&t=1658s"
76561197981966631,Not Recommended,447040,30648337,Posted: 21 March,all,foley0612,This game is a totally waste of your money. It is not worth 60 dollars. GTA5 still blows it out of the water. It is suppose to have a sorts of improvement for online and it fails missarable. It has a marginal improvement over orginal. Story line blows compared to the orginal and it pretty much is the same. They got rid of the online portion and tried to incorapate it into game and you basically might see one once a week. You can play missions with other players depending on what time you log on. The most you see someone is when your chased by cops and they spawn to kill you. They suck at adding new content.  When you get to end game just like orginal you have nothing to do. DO NOT WASTE MONEY JUST WAIT A FEW MONTHS AND IT WILL BE INCLUDED WHEN YOU PAY 30 FOR ORGINAL.
,Not Recommended,447040,28192846,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cpt women respecter,"I want to like this game, but the fps is way too inconsistent. Yes, I've lowered the settings, but nothing changes."
,Not Recommended,447040,28617890,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AChunkyFerret,"For now, I do not recommend this game for one reason and one reason only.. BAD optimization. I currently have an i5-6400 and a GTX 960 4GB and Can't even run Ultra or Very High at 30fps nor 26fps. Constant 25fps-. I run this game at High 40fps with incredible FPS dips even down to 1fps most of the time the worst will be 15fps for a second not any longer. This game seriously badly needs a patch and we need to get onto UbiSofts a$$ about that. Other than the optimization? oh yeah, I recommend this game. It does get boring at times, but its good. Not worth $60 I'd say $40."
76561198039314366,Not Recommended,447040,33020395,Posted: 29 June,all,ScooterNet,"Yikes.. this game won't even start... $2000 top-end rig, dual M.2..1080ti...etc and it fails to launch, uplay is complete and utter junk. STEAM was great and refunded my $$...but wow... What a piece of garbage..Ubisoft hasn't gotten any better over the years - same broken junk!"
76561198015899712,Not Recommended,447040,34354352,Posted: 19 August,all,krom,Money wasted.
,Not Recommended,447040,28358757,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,GhosT,Not highly recomended. Played it for 2 hours and refunded it
76561198080184248,Not Recommended,447040,28106539,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,KillinGly,辣鸡游戏，只会弹出，我就搞不懂了，前两个小时一点事情都没有，为什么现在一直弹弹弹？
76561197970060022,Not Recommended,447040,34297821,Posted: 16 August,all,Furyior,I really wanted to enjoy this game but Capped 30fps on my high end pc is horrible to playignore all the boasting about graphics on the videos it dosent matter if fps is capped at 30.
,Not Recommended,447040,29039075,Posted: 5 January,all,✪ dream,"hell yeah valve im playing with black screen, once i started the game, boom! black screen. awesome game, cant wait to see more black screen games in the future"
76561198003920044,Not Recommended,447040,28035615,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,t_clark,"Runs like a snail through treacle. Even on my reasonable mid range gaming pc (i7 4790/gtx1070/16gb ram) it can hit 29fps on the low preset!! Constant dropping from 60 to mid 30s gets genuinely nausiating after a while. In fact, changing the settings seems to make little difference, low/medium/ultra all run roughly the same. Even on console 29fps wouldnt be acceptable, come on Ubi.. this is just a shoddy port! Thank goodness for steam refunds!"
,Not Recommended,447040,33685148,Posted: 20 July,all,ftstani,"For me personally this game was so bad it became unplayable. I had to request a refund. There's no chance that this game can become playable. Here's why: the art direction and setting.I played this game for just under 2 hours. I met the entire DeadSec San Francisco crew. These are people I would have to spend many hours with if I were to play this game. The only person in this group that's likeable is Marcus. Everybody else is so ♥♥♥♥ing out there and just generally extremely weird that I felt geniune repulsion. Like it actually hurt my eyes and ears to keep playing the game.These hackers do not look like, dress like, talk like, or behave in any way like real hackers. You have one dude who wears a mask that literally displays emoticons. When I saw him for the first time, I immediately guessed he had some backstory about how he's socially stunted, or that he had his face burned off so he now wears a mask to compensate. And guess what?  I was right. I'm sure the other characters are equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. C'mon guys!The clothing. My God the clothing. You might think this is a ridiculous complaint, but I cannot spend that many hours looking at these clothes. You have all kinds of hipster pants. Literally all kinds. You know those pants with the bottoms rolled up? They are everywhere. Then you've got all kinds of just atrocious tops with dumbass logos. I mean is this San Francisco? Is this really San Francisco? Then I must stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from there at all costs.Digital trips from Watch Dogs 1? Gone.Gunplay? Well the whole idea of hackers being gunslingers is kind of ridiculous, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. However having just played Ghost Recon Wildlands the gunplay here is just too bland by comparison. Oh yeah - the best weapons come from a DeadSec 3D Printer. Ok - 3d printer that makes guns - benefit of the doubt. BUT THESE GUNS EVEN LOOK HIPSTER. AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. C'MON!For these reasons I cannot play this game.Sorry - I almost forgot to mention the guy who wears a ♥♥♥♥ing hoodie with the hood up at all times , in doors, over a beanie cap. NO. Sorry. Goodbye.And no -- the ability to pet dogs does not make up for the above. Maybe if you could actually get a dog, then I would consider it. But there's no way I'm putting myself through this at my age just for petting dogs.Oh yes - finally you can't skip cutscenes. YOU CANNOT SKIP CUTSCENES. That just makes it torture. I'm sorry."
,Not Recommended,447040,28574291,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PRL | Pate,Insane stuttering while driving (AMD R9 390). Makes the game unplayable imo
76561198139221517,Not Recommended,447040,28169533,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Asko,Bad game !
,Not Recommended,447040,28568923,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RaffaellCosta,Bad optimization.
,Not Recommended,447040,28106932,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kaldire,"cant start the game,crashes after menuif Its not fixed Ill refund, and if it is i will change my review."
76561198024198775,Not Recommended,447040,28872705,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,S i x t h,Do not buy this game it suck
,Not Recommended,447040,30198073,Posted: 26 February,all,antych,"Garbage, don't buy it."
76561198113678816,Not Recommended,447040,28311068,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,j_brewster86,"""Fool me once...""   Well, I bought this game and recieved a refund because I could not get it to work. I purchased it again thinking that ""Hey, maybe I just need to chill out and work the issue out"". Yeah... it doesnt seem to be happening. I went through the forums on steam, ubisoft, and every link on google. I have tried any fix that was presented from uninstalling virus protection, reinstalling virus protection, and doing the same for steam along with Watch Dogs 2. I am not saying dont buy Watch Dogs 2. It is an AWSOME game. Works everytime I fire my xbox up and has ZERO issues. My neighbor plays it on PS4 and also has zero issues. I am not going to ask for a refund this time around. Im just not going to purchase any more games through Steam as this was not the only game I have had issues with (and continue to have issues with)."
,Not Recommended,447040,29368523,Posted: 19 January,all,Panda,"Boring characters, bad optimization, bad driving, predictable plotline thats all over the place, absolutely terrible stealth and gunplay. It's pathetic honestly. Not to mention the ending, which is just flat out unreal. IIRC, evidence obtained illegaly is not usable in a court of law, so they got nothing on the main bad guy of the game. One feature I do like however is the online hacking mode, where you invade other peoples games and hack them. I don't think many will like it as much as I do, but at least it's there. I do also got to give props where it's due. Ubisoft really let itself not fall to far down the PC route, there's lots of small racism remarks (playful remarks), they definitly didn't let the media stop them from creating what they wanted"
76561198226243980,Not Recommended,447040,28034672,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Dude,"Changing my review. Bought this game on PS4 after having issues with crashing. I really enjoyed the story and stealth aspects, but I couldn't even bring myself to finish the game. The gunplay is very poor. And it feels unfinished. It's an ok game you may get 30 hrs of gameplay out of it or less. I can't really recommend it though. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,28054516,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Uriki,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Refunded.
76561198067156980,Not Recommended,447040,33015988,Posted: 29 June,all,KingRat,Demographic: 8 Year old Liberals
,Not Recommended,447040,30517088,Posted: 14 March,all,Master Of Sawz,Hey valve i have a laptop and this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥so i want my 50$ back!!!
,Recommended,447040,28156612,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Hack In The Box
76561198126979190,Not Recommended,447040,28076100,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SuperCripple9,"Do not buy this! every damn game now is always open world, It's not a downgraded♥♥♥♥♥♥storm like other ubisoft titles. The story is just to bland, u can tell they focused more on the world and less on the story!"
76561198106329090,Not Recommended,447040,32693074,Posted: 23 June,all,Gnasher,"I got the played for a little and got board fast. Since then I have not picked the game up again, It reminded me to much of GTA and I have GTA and it's amazing, for me I didn't enjoy it at all, so I would'nt get it again"
76561198068110286,Not Recommended,447040,31598473,Posted: 7 May,all,domi,"Have you ever wanted to be in San Franciso? Well this game is the portal right to your dream city! Be prepared to experience pure and utter disappointment, but wait you can hack anything, right? No. You can't even hack into a pc lying right in front of you. Probably not the best way to learn how to hack in San Francisco."
76561198113288947,Not Recommended,447040,32378742,Posted: 12 June,all,Fricken Ricken,a bad clone of gta 5
76561198289646785,Not Recommended,447040,28080967,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,the_big_J_96,"It wont launch! Everything is updated and im running a 1070, the game goes to menu then when i run the game it just goes to windows."
,Not Recommended,447040,30059429,Posted: 20 February,all,Bush Did 9/11,gay dogs 2
,Not Recommended,447040,34785143,Posted: 6 September,all,Exgeniar,Regret buying this.....
,Not Recommended,447040,34771907,Posted: 6 September,all,Droidsky,"This game is so bad. Performance is laughable despite how bad the game looks, characters have no depth or individuality, AI is terrible, open world is dull, car handling is worse than Ghost Recon: Wildlands, every weapon shoots like an airsoft gun (good luck hitting anything while driving), physics engine is horrible, even the tutorial stuff to teach you is repetitive and boring, the ""hacking"" involves the same running around a building and turning nodes to the right direction (this isn't The Witness!!!)Very disappointing game overall. Can't say there's anything I really enjoyed besides laughing at how bad the game is while playing."
,Not Recommended,447040,28082723,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheScottishNerd™,game runs like poop gtx 1070 and i7 3770 k 26 fps in the city max and they said that the game was optimsed i wouldnt go near this
,Not Recommended,447040,28038523,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝RabeDennis⎠⎞,"3 TIMES PAYING to get all CONTENTWatch_Dogs2 59,99€Watch_Dogs2 - Season Pass 39,99€Watch_Dogs2 - Ultimate pack 19,99€ <- not in Season Pass119,97 €i paidWatch_Dogs2 Gold Edition 89,99€ pre order saleand to get all content i need to pay anotherWatch_Dogs2 - Ultimate pack 19,99€109,98 €WTFin the past i paid only game and season pass and get all dlcs after the release and end of the season pass content"
,Not Recommended,447040,31190690,Posted: 16 April,all,Your Angry Boss,dis gayme somhaw is hworts ten watchkeks 1
76561198336797232,Not Recommended,447040,32666499,Posted: 22 June,all,CJ,Not bad if you can manage to get it to run without major FPS spikes every 5 seconds
76561198010611106,Not Recommended,447040,28330730,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,getUsername(),Really lame story. Overall a boring game.
,Not Recommended,447040,33058763,Posted: 30 June,all,coconut,we wuz hackaz n sheeeeeiiiiiiit
76561198158655971,Not Recommended,447040,28164372,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,chnbosvik,这种质量的中文翻译还不如不出。育碧服务掉线一天以后把我云存档删了，同步时本地存档也被删了
76561198326354909,Not Recommended,447040,28055085,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,David  CS.MONEY,I can't enter the game!What I have to do
,Not Recommended,447040,29391961,Posted: 20 January,all,Febfourteen,it's dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198078633505,Not Recommended,447040,31975860,Posted: 26 May,all,tesz1898,"I'm getting sick of this sjw agenda. Seriously, why are you so afraid to offend? Who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ People need to grow up.Also, this game simply isn't fun. Weird, because it should be."
76561198339061735,Not Recommended,447040,28605744,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ameys783,bad game not optimized properly for pc
,Not Recommended,447040,32017470,Posted: 28 May,all,Merciful,"Don't buy this please. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance and boring gameplay. Doesn't support Multiplayer, only boring CO-OP missions. There Is no reason buying this over GTA 5, even though GTA 5 Is much older."
76561197970941695,Not Recommended,447040,32736935,Posted: 24 June,all,jason.bean,"Was looking forward to this from all the reviews but running on a 4K screen seams to screw up the mouse so menu selection is impossible. Waste of money just like the original Watchdogs. This is my last Ubisoft purchase, their quality control is appalling. Don't support them by buying their releases."
,Not Recommended,447040,28319184,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,renod,Does not let you save.Crashes more than any game in the past 10 years.Requires reboot when it crashes.It is 3'rd person so it already kinda suxs.Good content.
,Not Recommended,447040,28557191,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Special Agent Cooper,Ran at 25-35 fps on my GTX 1060 6GB. Not surprised it is Ubisoft lmao
,Not Recommended,447040,28034556,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Khomsan,0/10  game not start .
76561198028441645,Not Recommended,447040,28075226,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kyle Kekish,It crasges constantly sucks because otherwise i love it am annoyed and returning it may buy again thouh
,Not Recommended,447040,28202118,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,大きなアニメのおっぱい,Ubisoft have gone from trying too little to trying too hard.
,Not Recommended,447040,28283037,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Yes Your Dead,"Bee Movie Script - Dialogue TranscriptVoila! Finally, the Bee Movie script is here for all you fans of the Jerry Seinfeld animated movie. This puppy is a transcript that was painstakingly transcribed using the screenplay and/or viewings of the movie to get the dialogue. I know, I know, I still need to get the cast names in there and all that jazz, so if you have any corrections, feel free to drop me a line. At least you'll have some Bee Movie quotes (or even a monologue or two) to annoy your coworkers with in the meantime, right?And swing on back to Drew's Script-O-Rama afterwards -- because reading is good for your noodle. Better than Farmville, anyway.Bee Movie ScriptAccording to all known lawsof aviation,there is no way a beeshould be able to fly.Its wings are too small to getits fat little body off the ground.The bee, of course, flies anywaybecause bees don't carewhat humans think is impossible.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Ooh, black and yellow!Let's shake it up a little.Barry! Breakfast is ready!Ooming!Hang on a second.Hello?- Barry?- Adam?- Oan you believe this is happening?- I can't. I'll pick you up.Looking sharp.Use the stairs. Your fatherpaid good money for those.Sorry. I'm excited.Here's the graduate.We're very proud of you, son.A perfect report card, all B's.Very proud.Ma! I got a thing going here.- You got lint on your fuzz.- Ow! That's me!- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.- Bye!Barry, I told you,stop flying in the house!- Hey, Adam.- Hey, Barry.- Is that fuzz gel?- A little. Special day, graduation.Never thought I'd make it.Three days grade school,three days high school.Those were awkward.Three days college. I'm glad I tooka day and hitchhiked around the hive.You did come back different.- Hi, Barry.- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.- Hear about Frankie?- Yeah.- You going to the funeral?- No, I'm not going.Everybody knows,sting someone, you die.Don't waste it on a squirrel.Such a hothead.I guess he could havejust gotten out of the way.I love this incorporatingan amusement park into our day.That's why we don't need vacations.Boy, quite a bit of pomp...under the circumstances.- Well, Adam, today we are men.- We are!- Bee-men.- Amen!Hallelujah!Students, faculty, distinguished bees,please welcome Dean Buzzwell.Welcome, New Hive Oitygraduating class of......9:15.That concludes our ceremonies.And begins your careerat Honex Industries!Will we pick ourjob today?I heard it's just orientation.Heads up! Here we go.Keep your hands and antennasinside the tram at all times.- Wonder what it'll be like?- A little scary.Welcome to Honex,a division of Honescoand a part of the Hexagon Group.This is it!Wow.Wow.We know that you, as a bee,have worked your whole lifeto get to the point where youcan work for your whole life.Honey begins when our valiant PollenJocks bring the nectar to the hive.Our top-secret formulais automatically color-corrected,scent-adjusted and bubble-contouredinto this soothing sweet syrupwith its distinctivegolden glow you know as...Honey!- That girl was hot.- She's my cousin!- She is?- Yes, we're all cousins.- Right. You're right.- At Honex, we constantly striveto improve every aspectof bee existence.These bees are stress-testinga new helmet technology.- What do you think he makes?- Not enough.Here we have our latest advancement,the Krelman.- What does that do?- Oatches that little strand of honeythat hangs after you pour it.Saves us millions.Oan anyone work on the Krelman?Of course. Most bee jobs aresmall ones. But bees knowthat every small job,if it's done well, means a lot.But choose carefullybecause you'll stay in the jobyou pick for the rest of your life.The same job the rest of your life?I didn't know that.What's the difference?You'll be happy to know that bees,as a species, haven't had one day offin 27 million years.So you'll just work us to death?We'll sure try.Wow! That blew my mind!""What's the difference?""How can you say that?One job forever?That's an insane choice to have to make.I'm relieved. Now we only haveto make one decision in life.But, Adam, how could theynever have told us that?Why would you question anything?We're bees.We're the most perfectlyfunctioning society on Earth.You ever think maybe thingswork a little too well here?Like what? Give me one example.I don't know. But you knowwhat I'm talking about.Please clear the gate.Royal Nectar Force on approach.Wait a second. Oheck it out.- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!- Wow.I've never seen them this close.They know what it's likeoutside the hive.Yeah, but some don't come back.- Hey, Jocks!- Hi, Jocks!You guys did great!You're monsters!You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!- I wonder where they were.- I don't know.Their day's not planned.Outside the hive, flying who knowswhere, doing who knows what.You can'tjust decide to be a PollenJock. You have to be bred for that.Right.Look. That's more pollenthan you and I will see in a lifetime.It's just a status symbol.Bees make too much of it.Perhaps. Unless you're wearing itand the ladies see you wearing it.Those ladies?Aren't they our cousins too?Distant. Distant.Look at these two.- Oouple of Hive Harrys.- Let's have fun with them.It must be dangerousbeing a Pollen Jock.Yeah. Once a bear pinned meagainst a mushroom!He had a paw on my throat,and with the other, he was slapping me!- Oh, my!- I never thought I'd knock him out.What were you doing during this?Trying to alert the authorities.I can autograph that.A little gusty out there today,wasn't it, comrades?Yeah. Gusty.We're hitting a sunflower patchsix miles from here tomorrow.- Six miles, huh?- Barry!A puddle jump for us,but maybe you're not up for it.- Maybe I am.- You are not!We're going 0900 at J-Gate.What do you think, buzzy-boy?Are you bee enough?I might be. It all dependson what 0900 means.Hey, Honex!Dad, you surprised me.You decide what you're interested in?- Well, there's a lot of choices.- But you only get one.Do you ever get boreddoing the same job every day?Son, let me tell you about stirring.You grab that stick, and you justmove it around, and you stir it around.You get yourself into a rhythm.It's a beautiful thing.You know, Dad,the more I think about it,maybe the honey fieldjust isn't right for me.You were thinking of what,making balloon animals?That's a bad jobfor a guy with a stinger.Janet, your son's not surehe wants to go into honey!- Barry, you are so funny sometimes.- I'm not trying to be funny.You're not funny! You're goinginto honey. Our son, the stirrer!- You're gonna be a stirrer?- No one's listening to me!Wait till you see the sticks I have.I could say anything right now.I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!Let's open some honey and celebrate!Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.Shave my antennae.Shack up with a grasshopper. Geta gold tooth and call everybody ""dawg""!I'm so proud.- We're starting work today!- Today's the day.Oome on! All the good jobswill be gone.Yeah, right.Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring,stirrer, front desk, hair removal...- Is it still available?- Hang on. Two left!One of them's yours! Oongratulations!Step to th"
76561198113087814,Not Recommended,447040,28363974,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TeemoMan,Still unplayable after 2 years
,Not Recommended,447040,28269557,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,:I,totally♥♥♥♥♥
76561198366728090,Not Recommended,447040,30700649,Posted: 24 March,all,✪Sukiulie,"Complete language error, I am not russian. Secondly complete server issues. Fix please."
,Not Recommended,447040,29277664,Posted: 15 January,all,Beowulf,You need a ♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft account ?!??! wtf ?!?! and i forgot my ♥♥♥♥ing email and password for it
54457113512652783,Not Recommended,447040,28221066,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,b0rth,poopy
,Not Recommended,447040,28050406,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GIMOTHI-KOR,I can't play!!It have easyanticheat error.I can't loding ko_Ko cfg file!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,28097144,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Shizzle Lizard,This game is just really really bad and a money taker.
,Not Recommended,447040,28233443,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,EggyPlanet,Pretty boring game was hoping it would be better than gta 5.
76561198028755796,Not Recommended,447040,32788076,Posted: 25 June,all,Tizzy,"♥♥♥♥ The Man, man. This game in a nutshell."
,Not Recommended,447040,28151512,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Veneno,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and i do not want to waste my time reviewing♥♥♥♥♥♥Refunded.
76561198156586499,Not Recommended,447040,29976951,Posted: 16 February,all,coastwardmetal,just as bad as the first one.
76561198152815189,Not Recommended,447040,28283830,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Wayne Gilbert,This Game Sucks! Big Disappointement!
76561198218026151,Not Recommended,447040,32755657,Posted: 24 June,all,ForL,#AsianLivesMatterFk u-bi-tch.#HatesRacist
,Not Recommended,447040,33207676,Posted: 3 July,all,MonkeyFarm54,Don't buy unless you have 16gb of RAM. Which I don't.
,Not Recommended,447040,28112403,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,tc4777,"give me the dlcs you promised me,it (the season pass) says 'all' dlcs!"
76561198121951519,Not Recommended,447040,31604260,Posted: 7 May,all,sabin026,Disappointing
76561198092059927,Not Recommended,447040,28217054,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kiat,badly optimized!
76561197988769024,Not Recommended,447040,29278675,Posted: 15 January,all,The_Lion_1988,Too many buttons.
,Not Recommended,447040,28087957,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ducktective WITH REAL CANE SUGAR,Gets to the loading screen then just... crashes.
,Not Recommended,447040,28106565,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Darken,"Do NOT buy it This facist product DEMANDS that you close some of your programs before it starts. So, some 3rd-party software decides that it can force you to use programs that it wants. ""Please, close Process Hacker before running tha game"". Oh, really? What's next, ""Please, uninstall your AV""?"
,Not Recommended,447040,28030258,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LaggerDagger,keep on crashing
76561198058605170,Not Recommended,447040,28191054,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Crowwolf123,"Do not get this game, every time I tried to launch it would keep coming up with an erorr message then crash, I don't know why it keeps happening but it does. It's sad because I've heard good things about this game but I can't expiernce it when I can't even get it open, and my computer is built to take games like this. I just wish I could get a refund."
76561198280641985,Not Recommended,447040,28247754,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Burt Macklin FBI,it sucks
,Not Recommended,447040,31452268,Posted: 29 April,all,EvanPasta,Dont waste money and time on this game.
,Not Recommended,447040,28211320,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Elyisium,Killed the only other black guy in the game after a few hours in.
76561198086816581,Not Recommended,447040,28067893,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheLazyUndead,"RIP PC Gaming. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, gtx 1060 6 gb and medium settings and it runs like crap. Drops upto 20 fps. Stutters and what not."
76561198166230267,Not Recommended,447040,28068002,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Danhellion,THIS GAME RUNS LIKE S....   DONT BUY IT!!! IT HAS ZERO OPTIMIZATION IS NOT WORTH IT
,Not Recommended,447040,30693914,Posted: 23 March,all,Ch1kn L1ckn,Running a 1080Ti with 16gb RAM and i7 3770 and can barely get a playable framerate (40 fps) on medium. Has the same crappy optimization issue the first one had. Good thing there are refunds this time around.
,Not Recommended,447040,31455434,Posted: 29 April,all,orzo.,trash
76561198012344000,Not Recommended,447040,28416809,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,shabface,yeah no
,Not Recommended,447040,33220939,Posted: 4 July,all,青茶,"i5-6300HQ GTX960m 2FPS, so far so good, ubisoft."
76561197999346452,Not Recommended,447040,28775918,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cody Cigar,"Liberal pandering, if you're a conservative, stay far away. About 2 mentions of trannies and lesbians within the first 10 minutes, MC is a black guy weeb who goes ""brutha"" and ""ayy fam"". The MAYOR OF A CITY, is a tranny, how the ♥♥♥♥ is a mentally challenged person a mayor?"
,Not Recommended,447040,28608844,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WASD,can i have my money back please
76561198030734545,Not Recommended,447040,28127523,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,dreamlord1979,"The game might be fun, but it is unplayable. First of all it takes FOREVER to start up after clicking play which is mildly annoying especially since it is installed on an SSD. Secondly on every graphics setting it constantly freezes when driving or walking even though I am getting a solid 50 FPS on ultra quality. I am getting a refund for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Update: Uninstalling the game and reinstalling it fixed the booting up problem, and the patch yesterday improved the freezing a little. It still happens, but it is not as game breaking. It is annoying as hell in races and fast driving parts. All problems aside it is fun. Once they fix the freezing problem completely I would reccomend this game."
76561198079725226,Not Recommended,447040,28196626,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,⚑BannerMan⚑,"Its just boring, and cringey as hell.  I actually enjoyed the first game waaay more than this.  They addeda few cool mechanics that werent in the first game but took away some of the coolest stuff.  like those audio games aiden had with the spider tank.  like who thought taking a minigame out, that you can play anytime as a spider tank destroying the city, was a good idea?  The soundtrack is good the game ran fine but the story and characters are just meh.  Wrench was my favorite till he did his Arnold impression and it just got cringier from there.  So yeah it's just boring but hey at least steam refunds always got my back."
76561197982672194,Not Recommended,447040,28097681,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr. o00oo0o0illi,runs like sh*t plays like sh*t  0 for 2 with watchdogs6700k @ 5.0 GHzGTX 1080s SLI underwater ( tried playing without SLI still sh*t )( see edit below if you are r*tarded like oGMo ) who cares what the rest of my specs are. From ^ alone you should undestand my frustration.EDIT :Case : LD PC-V10 Phase ChangeCPU : i7 6700k @ 5.0 Ghz Under Phase ^Mobo : Asus Maximus viii Hero AlphaRam : Gskill RipJaws DDR4 3200 32gbGPU :  2X  ASUS GTX 1080 FE in SLI  w/ Full cover EK blocks and Custom loopOS Drive : intel PCIE 750 SSD 400gbRAID 0 : 2X samsung 850 pro 512gb totalMonitor : 1X ASUS PG278Q ROG Swift 27 inch 1440p 144hz gsync & 2X ASUS PB278Q 1440p 60hz
,Not Recommended,447040,30700818,Posted: 24 March,all,AceOfBlades,"Nothing you do Is That Satisfying, It Just Feels Like A Bootleg GTA"
,Not Recommended,447040,28452075,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,tgod1368,"Terrible Game, Wont Even Start When I Purchased. Only Option was Refund."
76561198043207337,Not Recommended,447040,29205540,Posted: 12 January,all,Solid,Crashes like any other Ubi games
76561198288794076,Not Recommended,447040,30718633,Posted: 24 March,all,FunkyGablin,UBISOFT IS THE FK ♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Always Bug!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,447040,28593122,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DolphinCloud,not working..
76561198197305953,Not Recommended,447040,29247178,Posted: 14 January,all,Vinzium,just don't. u wont enjoy it
,Not Recommended,447040,28576112,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ezio ッ,"disappointed.. very bad gameplay, story mode and multiplayer, still better good watch dogs 1.. and buy gold edition didnt get all dlc, and now dlc t-bone still play as marcus.. next time iam never buy gold edition again...and most important FPS drop, didnt stabilized.. video setting low, medium, high, very high, ultra, all of it fps dropmy pc1st :Mainbord AsusProsesor AMD FX8370RAM corsair 8gb x 2VGA gtx 1070 8gbpower supply 1000W2ndAMD Vishera FX-6300Biostar TA970 AMDHDD 1 TBRAM 2x DDR3 8GB Corsair VengeanceNVidia GTX 970 4Gb 256Bit DDR5 JetstreamCooling fan CoolerMasterCooler Master casingENERMAX PowerSupply 700WALL my PC just run 30-50 FPS.. sucks"
76561197971118907,Not Recommended,447040,28414390,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ALPSMAC,"Tutorial: 0 / 10 stars... pretty much sucks.I really hate it when games don't give players the information they need to be able to actually do simple things like control the character in the tutorial...I'll hang on to the game and play it later when I've got more patience for reading and digging through the settings pages, but right now I wanted a game that walked me through how to play interactively... is that so much to ask of a modern AAA title?"
76561198282251241,Not Recommended,447040,28580028,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr. meeseeks,dont get it on the computer get it console cause if you do not have a really really strong pc this game will run like you internet is a patato
76561198095934739,Not Recommended,447040,28030002,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Desismadness,"Game wont even start, typical PlayU crap"
,Not Recommended,447040,28030094,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[Ger]KampCikat,brtrug
,Not Recommended,447040,28117549,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,paulwangyi,Don't buy if you can't understand russian or chinese.
76561198305209697,Not Recommended,447040,28163321,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,домашний петух,ВЕРНИТЕ ДЕНЬГИ
,Not Recommended,447040,28191758,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DeliciousButthurt,"Mediocre and overpriced. Refunded after the tutorial mission.Also and more importantly, taken from the TOS for Watch Dogs 2:“EasyAntiCheat will take screenshots of your game screen and upload them on public servers, viewable to everyone, if the server provider wishes so. The author of this software and EasyAntiCheat takes no responsibility of screenshots captured outside the game screen. If any personal or harmful information is captured into a screenshot, the user is fully responsible for the incident and any consequences it may result in.”Might want to take a look at this before you buy this game.http://www.kitguru.net/gaming/security-software/matthew-wilson/watch-dogs-2s-anti-cheat-prevents-modding-and-raises-privacy-concerns/"
,Not Recommended,447040,29214198,Posted: 12 January,all,Eleven,Do Not Buy
76561198077849686,Not Recommended,447040,32795379,Posted: 25 June,all,elijahwan,Played this game for 55 minutes and could not get past all the hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Turning point was when i went to a freeking BIKER clothing shop and found skinny jeans.uninstalled and refunded.  Take that hippie♥♥♥♥♥♥elswhere.  Watch Dogs 1 is the only watchdogs for me.
76561198333762181,Not Recommended,447040,30716083,Posted: 24 March,all,滴滴打人专员一号,Basically SH!Tdownloaded all night only to find out the EasyAntiCheat system would not allow me to launchruined the good mood of me for the rest of the vocation♥♥♥♥ U Ubisoftoh u didnt hear that? Let me rephrase itF UC K U UBISOFT
76561198118965447,Not Recommended,447040,28607615,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dr.Ali,Don't buy this game!
,Not Recommended,447040,28032235,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nothing,cant play this game at 50 fps 3440x1440p with 1080sli !  THIS GAME IS A RIDICULOUS JOKE FROM UBI
,Not Recommended,447040,28491930,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Powerful,Sucks
76561198201212383,Not Recommended,447040,28100059,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,P O X U Y,GTX970 (4GB) + I7-4790/ 30-40 FPS/CONCLUSION:UBISOFT SHIIIT!!!RETURN THE MONEY THIEVES!!
76561198144243755,Not Recommended,447040,28526718,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Magic Man,Error Crashed
76561198145987398,Not Recommended,447040,28024562,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fal94,its only in russian lang feelsbadman!
,Not Recommended,447040,32787357,Posted: 25 June,all,mikeyc | #tb12,TERRIBLE GOT A REFUND INSTANTLY
,Not Recommended,447040,28100154,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[101] C.McGregor,"If you want a poorly optimized game, buy it."
76561197970834554,Not Recommended,447040,28080519,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Somethingelse,Bad its badthe game used 100% of the cards 256bit bus causing stuttersmaxing out the memory controler (most games use less than 50%)on max it uses over 6gb at 1080p though setting it to med will use 3gbthe game is not ready at allits only worth £15 and needs fixingIt's aimed at little kids who think they are black trendy hackersit's a mans view of what the young dogetting a refundGTX980 i7 4790k 32gb system ram 4 ssd's and 20 TB of HDDsEDIT: got a refund within 5 mins as most of the time was taken in the bloody menui wanted to like this game and didn't know anything about the bad reviews by real players not the paid shill game mag reviewersif your young say under 18 and have a good card (you don't need a good cpu or lots of ram just a good video card) then get it because you may like itwd3 bring back AP and drop the hip hacker kidsin wd2 i liked the main guy and could not wait to get past any kid dead hackersi didn't know 2 would be about them doh!looking online even a GTX 1080 drops to 20 fps and a 1070 runs best on med as with a 980atm to run this game as it should be run you need a 980ti or better
,Not Recommended,447040,32667753,Posted: 22 June,all,EXMEL_LV,This game is a large♥♥♥♥♥♥who i ever seen!!! seriously dont buy this game.!
,Not Recommended,447040,30694703,Posted: 23 March,all,-JD^ | #TB12,I did not enjoy this game. Requested refund.
,Not Recommended,447040,32670121,Posted: 23 June,all,my name jeff,.
,Not Recommended,447040,28114808,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,OneManArmy,"Got about 5 fps on Max settings, probably because I played it on a blackberry"
,Recommended,447040,30412196,Posted: 9 March,all,Mogambo,co up feature isthe best !!
76561198121384922,Recommended,447040,30408684,Posted: 9 March,all,Bruss,"Pros:Great story that never gets repetitiveLots of side missions and online eventsImproved hackinggood graphicsgood pc port didn't experience that many bugsCons:Can lag for no reasonvery simple stealth imodumb AImade by ubisoftIn all, I think its a fun game that worth game worth getting full price imo"
,Recommended,447040,30357579,Posted: 6 March,all,Kaspertje,Its a good game if you love Storylines and open world i recommend it if you are a real gamer
,Recommended,447040,28668969,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dezzy,"I have a lot to say about this game. I know I'm late but I wanted to wait for the big update to come out. I have a few points to make in this review and hopefully this will help you make the decision on whether to get it or not.1. Graphics/Physics• the visuals in this game are absolutely beautiful• even at the lowest settings, it looks pretty good• car/crash physics are super realistic and really add emphasis to messing around in open world• also explosion physics are pretty cool2. Gameplay• game runs pretty smoothly with ""lower spec"" systems (GTX 1060 + any processor)• open world aspect is wonderful for a game somewhat centered around parkour• if you look at my profile, I have 100+ hours even though I don't game much• has an infinite amount of things to do while messing around3. Multiplayer• pretty fun, but it's hard to play 3 player• 3 player is impossible without using a broken game mechanic• co op missions are what make this game fun4. DLC's• I bought the gold edition of the game and all the extra content is really fun• the gold edition is good for if you have friends who don't have the dlc• you can invite friends to a dlc co op mission even if they don't have the dlc5. In-game economy• lots of clothing stores• awesome guns• decent cars6. The rest of the game• sound track is one of my favorites of all time• smart phone feature is a lot better than in the first game• car on demand is useful• characters are easy to get attached to• overall one of the best open world games I've ever playedI hope you liked my review. I do t do this often but I felt like this game deserved a thoughtful review"
,Recommended,447040,30417543,Posted: 9 March,all,Eobard Thawne,"Excellent PC port, equally fun game. Really find it hard to believe that Ubisoft made this...lol"
,Recommended,447040,30416051,Posted: 9 March,all,adhbiyah,New story to telli like this game more tecnology to have in this game
,Recommended,447040,29637746,Posted: 1 February,all,FIX CSGO,"Ich finde das Spiel sehr gut, aber (und das ist ein wichtiges ""aber"" ,welches Uplay unbedingt verbessern muss) bitte verbessert die KI in dem Spiel.......klar es ist eines der besten Spiele die ich bis jetzt kenn.....aber die KI geht mir manchmal echt auf die (sorry für das Wort) Eier.....! Ich will manchmal einfach normal spielen und fahren, und dann kommt einfach so einer Passanter daher und zerstört dass......bitte macht mehr Patches......! Danke im Vorras."
,Not Recommended,447040,28097948,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Un.named,"Story is pretty decentGameplay is repetetiveHyped up as much as the last gameSEAMLESS multiplayer isn't seamless at all. Infact servers are down 99% of the time but hey, its by ubisoft.Played the game basically because i didn't want to belive it was bad.Infact i've played more hours of PAC-MAN then i have of this"
,Recommended,447040,30479882,Posted: 12 March,all,HalfBakedOnion,Super fun. But we all know ubisoft(kinda buggy). Another bad thing is theres no online free roam only 2 player co-op(and thers NO FRIENDLY FIRE where else can i hack a car so that it runs into my friends).
,Not Recommended,447040,28770910,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Newport,"Good game but the performance lets it down, I get roughly 40 to 30fps on LOW SETTINGS AND ULTRA on and overclocked gtx 1060 and an i5 6400. That is unacceptable performance. To put that in perspective I can play both the witcher 3 and GTA V at above 60fps on ultra in 2560 by 1080. Watchdogs 2 can barely reach 50 on 1920 by 1080 on the lowest settings. It's a real shame as what I have played gameplay wise was enjoyable but the performance issues have really put me off. Instead Im going to put my time into blood and wine, a game which is much better looking than watch dogs 2 and performs wonderfully. Please fix ubisoftUpdate: Tried running the game on my 720p monitor on the lowest possible settings and I still maintain around 45 fps. That is worse than  mafia 3"
,Recommended,447040,30512703,Posted: 14 March,all,.Bones,"============================================================SINGLEPLAYER REVIEW============================================================During my first hour playing this game, I couldn't help but compare it to its predecessor in every aspect. Up until now, I'm still not sure which one I like more, but I do know that after I decided to give this game a chance and play through the campaign missions I found myself addicted.While its predecessor was all about Aiden ""The Vigilante"" Pearce, a protagonist seeking revenge as well as justice. The story really had me there and Aiden was doubtlessly a character I related to.However, here comes Marcus, a brilliant hacker who joins DedSec and seems to be in it for the same reasons as the rest of the group - but you don't know what personal reasons motivate him (at least at the point where I am right now in the campaign).Some missionsAll I said so far was rather neutral or even slightly negative, but I cannot stress out how interesting the game gets. I get a good laugh from the cutscenes; there's a lot of humor all over this game.And even though I can't relate with the protagonist, I found myself attached to the DedSec group as a whole, as if I'm actually feeling what they're feeling when they're going through their ups and downs as a group.Watch Dogs 2 may not be as fun as Watch Dogs, but it definitely does bring its own unique attributes that make this game a fun experience.============================================================MULTIPLAYER REVIEW============================================================1. HACKING INVASIONWhen I first tried the hacking invasion back in Watch Dogs, I fell in love with the concept. Entering another player's world, stalking them while they remain completely unaware, starting the hack when the opportunity's in hand -- it's fun and even addictive. Whether you choose to blend in with NPCs or hide in cover, you'll definitely enjoy messing with another player's world.However, in Watch Dogs 2, the drones make it quite easy for seekers to find the intruder. They fly up and profile pretty much everything. If you hide on a rooftop you'll be spotted easily.That's not even the worst part, though. When you're connected with a player that's far away from you on the map, you'll be positioned about 100 meters away from them. If they were running your way, they'll realize you're an actual player and profile you right away, before you had the chance to do anything.Moreover, you'll so often be connected to a player and then see the victim leave the session almost right away. Assuming they went peer-to-peer with the connections (if they did that with For Honor why won't they do that here?), then it's probably players you have bad connectivity with. Other reasons could be intended, such as when players start a mission or fast-travel somewhere. In other words, any player that's not just free-roaming or idle is not likely to appear as a target for you.I entered the game of more than a hundred players through hacking invasion, but no one has ever entered mine for some reason. I suppose it might be because I'm usually doing missions or fast traveling towards them, but it's sad that I've yet to be victimized in this game.2. BOUNTY HUNTStraight up awesome. While it's likely that a match would not be found for you for this type of multiplayer - if you do get lucky, you'll find yourself joining the police in pursuit of a fellow player. If you or the police kill them, you win and the session is over. However, if you're killed by the rival player you may choose to respawn and keep on trying.To say the truth, I most enjoyed this feature as a victim. I picked myself some trouble with the police and soon found myself escaping 3 rival players at the same time. Killing them brings great satisfaction, but you'll have to make a run for it if you want to actually win. The difference between a pursuit with the police and a pursuit with players, is that you don't get those easy ""press F to wreck the cruiser"" opportunities. If you want to use environmental hacking to give your pursuers a hard time, you'll actually have to look back and activate hacks or otherwise set proximity triggers.3. CO-OPOnly joined one co-op session, where the other guy did the objective and I was simply following him, trying to understand how to use VoIP and communicate with no luck."
,Recommended,447040,30529789,Posted: 15 March,all,MoistKachigga,"Best game of 2016. I haven't had this much fun in an open-world game since Grand Theft Auto V's story mode first came out. The over-the-top story combined with the level design make this a game that strikes the perfect balance in fun, difficulty and bftb. The fact that you can find this game on sale for less than i paid for it (40 dollars) makes it 110% worth a buy."
76561198181265995,Recommended,447040,30527382,Posted: 15 March,all,CABOOM,Idk what happened but suddenly today when i tried to open the game it crashed before even the main menu appearsplease fix it...
,Recommended,447040,30549121,Posted: 16 March,all,Autistic Cat,"Really good story but really heavy game. I really need to upgrade my mobo, cpu and ram."
,Recommended,447040,30637712,Posted: 20 March,all,Candy,"Watch_Dogs 2GOOD: The game suprised me because watch_dogs 1 wasnt that good.The single player campaign isnt the best but is ok.Everytime i play i think to myself why didn't i play it yesterday theres so much to do.As i said the campaign isn't the best but the co-op missions make up for that, sometimes i just cant stop and boom            4 hours have passed.BAD: People arent as intrested as before its likely because watch_ dogs 1 was not really that good so it makes sense that      people are scared of watch_dogs 2 being the same as the one before, its notThe single player campaign gets a little repetitive, but the few last missions are not as repetitive."
76561198324204081,Recommended,447040,30640676,Posted: 20 March,all,RavenMast3r,incredible! INCREDIBLE! !NCR3D1BL3
76561198153284633,Not Recommended,447040,29672397,Posted: 3 February,all,Longie-Mate.exe,its meh only get it if its like $20 or something i wouldnt reccomend it to be honest but you might enjoy it if you enjoyed the first one threres alot to the game and stuff and for the love of god buy this over mafia 3 lolol
76561198026786102,Not Recommended,447040,28087609,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,:(){:|:&};:,This game doesn't work on a virtual machine(qemu).
76561198161879557,Recommended,447040,30624196,Posted: 19 March,all,scorpion_2242,this is like GTA5 but beter. i have completed the game but im still having fun and playing hacking invasions and as a bountyhunter. the only bad thing is that u cant fly. but the grapics are the dankst( best) i ever seen. i love this game but i only wish the story was longer.
76561198289914867,Recommended,447040,30510085,Posted: 14 March,all,Fahad_bazz,Can i get refund guys cuz my computer can't handle it
,Recommended,447040,29536721,Posted: 28 January,all,mæv måv,good game 10/10
76561197993436635,Not Recommended,447040,30418137,Posted: 9 March,all,Geminye,"why are all of the women ugly?... No, seriously.  All of them are ugly and I can only think it's because an ugly man hater was the art director or was it that whoever is in charge of the art has a super ugly wife that he wanted to pay homage to...  There are literally no pretty women in this game.  And that's objectivity speaking.  Women aren't pretty if you can shave their heads and they look like men.  *shivers*   wtfAnd whoever designed the vehicle physics SUCKS at driving because they don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about momentum and the way vehicles generally handle very well.  ;)Nod do ubisoft for perpetuating the moronic rhetoric that there's no such thing as gender based on biology.  Not cringing at all at one of the main characters being a high level government official who is a man dressed as a woman with fake breasts.  At least you didn't make him look more attractive than all of the women in the game.Seriously... what's up with ALL of the women being so dam* ugly?  For real?  It's baffling how you're trying to manipulate gamers with these bizarre agenda.  FUfor it too.  lolDikkheds."
76561198133446679,Recommended,447040,30593159,Posted: 18 March,all,Very Scary Randall,"freaking amazing and so much fun, many ways to do a mission."
,Recommended,447040,28493002,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nyanime8,"I just got myself Watch Dog 2 today.I am playing with Alienware 17R3 in very high mode 60FPS.It's really good game.However, I find some minor problem when I play online version.It is that the voice of other player can't be really heard, it's blurry.I hope it can be fixed.Otherwise, I am very satified on this game."
,Recommended,447040,30585962,Posted: 18 March,all,Deraged,best CIA simulator game around
76561198026047996,Recommended,447040,30586410,Posted: 18 March,all,CH4RG3R,"I just finished the game and i am very impressed on how the target of it was just to have tons of fun!The coolness of the artwork cannot be described and the soundtrack was just amazing, specially the ""fresh"" tunes performed during missions.I can only say buy this game and start having fun guys, thumps up to the team responsible of creating this game.THANK YOU."
76561198144201988,Recommended,447040,30609165,Posted: 19 March,all,SH4UN,"Better than watch_dogs 1The side missions are good and various.But the main mission are not so ""impressive"".The collections such like the recordings are interesting.And one of the NPCS says that don't buy the Ubisoft's stock. 12/10Just kidding 7.5/10."
76561198354726713,Recommended,447040,30510648,Posted: 14 March,all,Kev Kev,"VARNING BAD ENGLISH!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Good game, but is only missons to play after the missons you need to be creativ and do alot of things the you should not do if you was creativ"
76561198147835212,Recommended,447040,30500180,Posted: 13 March,all,Travarious Martin Jr III,Easy to run even with ultra settings and texture pack I7-6700k 16GB RAM GTX970 . Love this game a lot better than the first one for sure cant wait to see what the DEVS add in the future looking forward to it.
76561198320961485,Recommended,447040,30501130,Posted: 13 March,all,arjun300794,Nice story and a good pc port....How often do you hear that about a ubisoft game. Surprisingly this game is both. They really have learned there lesson from the previous game in this franchise.Keep it up ubisoft.
,Recommended,447040,30509663,Posted: 14 March,all,Kevx,"Great game, good coop mode! :D"
,Recommended,447040,30509401,Posted: 14 March,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"i have a gtx970, 8 gb ram and i5 and it gives me ♥♥♥♥ing lag spikes when i drive fast with any vehicle.but the story is great but a little short.a great open world game if you'd ask me"
76561198019457964,Recommended,447040,30508119,Posted: 14 March,all,Exterz,Love this game
,Recommended,447040,30457918,Posted: 11 March,all,JuK =NTF=,Far better than the first game WD2 is everything that the first one wasn't if you are unsure about this one after how much of a let down the first one was don't be give it a go and you won't regret it.
,Recommended,447040,28027845,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,De_Guy,"The taser is called ""2EZ""10/10"
,Recommended,447040,28027908,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,r e l a x^,"Huge improvement (so far) over the original Watch Dogs. Storyline seems to be much more engaging though a bit of a cash grab on the Mr. Robot type theme. Game mechanics seem fun and fresh. Driving is a bit on the arcade side for sure but thats not a bad thing.Performance is what surprised me. I'm used to Ubisoft garbage on launch. No real complaints on that front. Running Ultra across the board @ 1440p (w/gsync 144hz) and getting 60-100 fps on 2 x 1080's in SLI. Another surprise, SLI isn't breaking the game (as most AAA titles play worse than if you had a single card until optimized/fixed.)Overall they improved the game 100%. We'll see how crappy the story gets."
76561198042807307,Recommended,447040,30814498,Posted: 29 March,all,Dece,"Overall a fun gaming experience. Campaign is great and graphics are stunning. Free roam and multiplayer features are really fun to play.  Haven't noticed any notable bugs on the game (yet). Got this on sale, but I would say that this game really is worth the full price."
,Recommended,447040,28078130,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,xX099MartinXx,The best game EVER!
76561198078454454,Recommended,447040,28078139,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OGC | Zelimar,just buy it
,Recommended,447040,28031791,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Machete,Awesome!
,Recommended,447040,28126786,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[ZIG.exe] HippedFever,"Ubi finally got their s*** together and made this game, i was scared to support it before launch but now i can see that it was worth it. And no downgrades? Wat. i thaught that was ubi's secret recepie to their games. But in all seriousness its a great game worth picking up."
76561198032765972,Recommended,447040,28148641,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,OryGold,"About 5 hours in and I'm loving the game so far. I haven't played the first one so I'm still learning about all the hacking ways but it's really fun. One problem I have is that sometimes when I walk out of my car and go around the corner and back, the car is gone. Otherwise I love the setting (I LOVE SF) and everything else.Shame though that with my i5-3570 and GTX 960 it only runs smooth on medium settings, and even then the framerate drops sometimes when I'm driving."
76561198272639741,Recommended,447040,28147863,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Wholesome Pantry,Best Game Ever!!!
,Recommended,447040,28119962,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[ZLI]Sensei,So far not a single problem.. Runs better than the first one (lol)Ubisoft did good this time!
76561198104336464,Recommended,447040,30969519,Posted: 5 April,all,dark d3ath,awesome game cool story so far lol love the characters all unique my favorite is wrench he is awesome wears a cool mask loves explosions just all around awesome plus he is like your best friend in the game josh is cool with his smarts and id name more but that would be spoilers mostly if you liked watch dogs you'll love watch dogs 2 alot more fun i think the only thing that some would say might be a little upseting is that yuou cant create your own character as far as i know but it is still really cool alot of neat features and toys and alot of things are customizable so great purchase id say a 9/10
,Recommended,447040,28116795,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DiCHWer,"Open Game - Turn off online invasions, and then it is a perfect game"
76561198338037537,Recommended,447040,28117116,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Dav ID,MNTB!
76561198180100982,Recommended,447040,28116811,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,eZ cHicKEN,:D
,Recommended,447040,28116816,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Blu_17,"Very fun game,just i have errors with audio sometimes"
,Recommended,447040,28122442,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,✪Tyko,cant stop playing this game
76561197990696581,Recommended,447040,28127140,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,_Vard_,"First things first: Not a port at all.  It feels as if every aspect of it was designed for the PC since the very beginning. It looks, feels and runs perfectlyNow, I never played the first watch dogs (and we all know how well THAT was received)  but this game feels like what the first game was hyped to be. Like GTA and Metal gear combined. (with a sprinkle of Saints Row 3)The RC drones aspect makes this game feel unique, and offers a playstle ive never had before.Not to mention it has one of the greatest bro-mances ive ever seen, between Marcus and WrenchAnd the best part is, of course, open world co-op"
,Recommended,447040,28125665,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mr. Tit,Amazing. San Francisco 2.0
76561198067309413,Recommended,447040,28126152,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,VITHERENEGADE,One of the best games iv played in a number of years feels like a real world everything is alive i simply cannot recommend it enough you really have to experience it 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28122152,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zerqz,"The game is a great successor to WatchDogs, it does the majority of things better than the original, here's my breakdown;ProsWonderful graphics and enough customization options to have to running at a nice 60fps+Good voice acting, and a pretty nice sound track.New gadgets like the rc car and drone are pretty awesome to play around with.Driving is a BIG improvment over the original.ConsHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥the main story line is short, about 8 hours to beat it.NO character customization apart from clothes, same complaint as the original. I want character customization dammit, like SaintsRow4 or GTA Online.Same complaint as the original, but there could be a better way to do 'hacking' challanges instead of just pivoting tubes to make a line complete, and this is the majority of the challenges you face.♥♥♥♥ing uPlay♥♥♥♥♥♥has to be installed for some stupid AF reason, please stop using your own stupid client and just use Steam. there's also a anti-cheat device running since this game has ""seamless multiplayer"", though you can easily enough disable it and run the game in offline mode.All in all I still had fun with it. Though I would say wait for it to go on sale to buy it. It's definitly not worth Ubisofts insane price tag.Now it's time for me to do the side missions and laugh about already being done the main story... gg."
,Not Recommended,447040,30946779,Posted: 4 April,all,Mybayarea,(1058) ERROR_SERVICE_DISABLED can't start the game
76561198095936820,Not Recommended,447040,30793941,Posted: 28 March,all,最后的士师,I have bought this game a day but never sign in once!Good game with♥♥♥♥♥♥UB server!
,Recommended,447040,30798379,Posted: 28 March,all,Dehuman1zed,"Los locos kick your♥♥♥♥♥ Los locos kick your face, Los locos kick your balls INTO OUTER SPACE!"
76561198194652213,Recommended,447040,30793263,Posted: 28 March,all,Wozii,I LoVE THIS GAME!!!
76561197992535537,Recommended,447040,30807217,Posted: 28 March,all,WWDragon,"It's a fun open world game, well worth playing.Get the gold pack on sale and you wil not regret it.On the downside, the devs frequently spawn enemies right near you in story missions, which is very frustrating and often leads to having to redo the mission.The mission on alcatraz island is outright rediculous; even if you take down EVERYONE inside the prison, they magically still call for backup when the prisoner is freed.Also an explosive in this mission alerts enemies 20 feet away, while using the stunner alerts EVERYONE inside.The only other complaint I have about this is that the driving with keyboard is no where near as smooth as the driving in Sleeping Dogs.The driving with keyboard in this game is immediate max acceleration and this can lead to crashes now and then or running someone over."
,Recommended,447040,28874556,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,froppy,"Huge improvement over WD1, good gameplay, good characters, solid story, and comedy thats isn't that bad.9/10"
,Recommended,447040,30769145,Posted: 27 March,all,Poetic Razer,Great game had a blast playing it
76561198240891962,Not Recommended,447040,29492225,Posted: 25 January,all,Edmund Alfred Hornington III,Dont buy this trash.
76561197999695604,Recommended,447040,29775004,Posted: 7 February,all,niin,Awesome story and humorDriving and game play GREATGreat game ... make sure you have 16gb ram (MUST to avoid performance issues during a chase) and a  very nice graphics card etc.I like it for its realism and co-op features.... cat and mouse games etc.I almost just play those rather than the missions lol.
76561198219452693,Recommended,447040,30617633,Posted: 19 March,all,htfhtfhtf,"This game has the depth of an ocan, but the width of a pond... In China town you can hear angry Chinese people saying cantonese to you... Ubisoft has really done an excellent job of hring San Francisco into a video game I can see that Ubosoft is putting a lot of hard work into this game, but they just aren't creative enough. The game gets boring quickly, and it's just the same Ubisoft openworld formula. I am reccomending this since Ubisoft is a bold, creative company and I don't want to it being bought by Vivandi, but honestly, this game is not excellent. Ubisoft is making very good games right now, but they need a revolutionary one to save their company."
76561198198678922,Recommended,447040,30823522,Posted: 29 March,all,Rude Rick,"This game is great the team did a lot of work and it payed of for players like me who LOVE these games. But there are still issues so im gonna rate this stuff bit by bit. If you are looking to buy this game you should read this all the way through.Im gonna start with the story. The story was decent but kinda was anticlimatic at the ending and was short but besides that, great! 8/10 for story.Next  the co-op. The co-op is fun with friends but really REALLY buggy and very annoying at times. First of all friends on the minimap dissapear for what ever reason after a while. Next thier rc jumper and quadcopter become invisible. Third rcs get called back every once and a while and can be annoying, also you can see different things sometimes and the list goes on. Sorry but 5/10 for bugs.Gameplay itself. The gameplay is great and i dont find it repetitive all that much. Although some things could be improved for hacking on keyboard (but i do use a controller for Watch_Dogs 2 so what do i know?) but it seems wierd to even try and use. The stealth is great, guns blazing, also great. The cops are wierd... THEY will hit YOU and then go after YOU for something they did. But overall 9/10 good job guys!Bugs. The bugs in this game are not game breaking but can be annoying but some are really funny.To sum it up overall its a great game 8/10 just for some other things. If you got any other questions just comment and i might be able to awnser!"
,Recommended,447040,28620696,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ren,i love it and all but why is there no way to talk to people via text instead of voice?.. :(
,Recommended,447040,28622154,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JustAMetalHead,"This has to be a dream, A GOOD Ubisoft game with no major downgrade."
,Recommended,447040,30984066,Posted: 6 April,all,OSAMA TOUCH,"Another open world third-person game, the game preforms better in every single way than the first game, I promised a better and detailed review and you're gonna get itWhat does the game improves and beats the first game?+Stealth system+Better AI+Crouching when aiming (in stealth)+Driving+Parkour+Graphics+Characters with personalitiesSo let's get to the game ( Honest Review )Set in San Francisco, you're Marcus Holloway. A much better protagonist than ""You killed my niece"" Aiden. Hacker group Dedsec makes a return in the game. To be honest I felt in the first game they were more serious and kinda dangerous. But nope the story proves that the dedsec members you meet is not as serious, they are pretty interesting and funny but they keep making me think they're just wannabe cool kids hackerz that hacks for the LOLZ. The main villain is eeh, he looked interesting in the trailers but nah (my opinion). The fact you tackle the main missions as you like is great, I love it. The plot is great, it grabs your attention to find out what happeneds next. The side missions are cool too. Anyways driving cars is much enjoyable tbh as well as sailboats. Character customization is a big plus. Finally, the ending was so great and just, its better than kill the main villain kinda deal Aiden had.Pros;+Story+Side Characters+Marcus.+Graphics.+Character customization+Driving+Stealth+Parkour+Drones+Selfies+Civilians AI+Hacking+SoundtracksCons;-Some bugs-Crashes-FPS drops while driving-FPS drops-Not great PC port (its not bad either, in between.)-Glitched animations-Falling on top of a tree, you'll just keep falling.-Short Story-After beating the story the characters are just dead, they don't talk or call you.-No gun takedowns-Only one takedown for speicals (heavy guys), seriously ubisoft? the first game had like 3 different takedowns FOR the special enemies. I'm really disappointed on this.-No new vehicles, I expected more cars to be in the game but 70% of the cars are already from the first game. The only new ones are those smart cars and old cars, and literally one performance car. I and a lot of people expected them to put more cars but I guess not then.-Only 2 player co-op and free roam, I can't leave this topic standing still. this triple A game only has 2 player coop and free roam, seriously you're only limited to play this game with ONE friend. not even 3 or 4. nope just pick one buddy.Note: that I did not have any problems loading the game what so ever. People are complaining about freezing screens and crashes. I didnt get a single one of them. Also some people are complaining that the recent patches destroyed their fps even more, From my point of view these patches got me running the game a solid 50-40 WHILE driving which in that case fps dropped SO bad when I first got the game. So I seriously don't know these patches fix some stuff for people and just destorys fps for other people."
76561198128367469,Recommended,447040,28689882,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HellCube,"That game is awesome in every ways! Love the selfies option!I strongly recommend it, but have more than 8gb of ram"
,Recommended,447040,28689978,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Manchurian Crisis,Good but stutters
,Recommended,447040,28690036,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MannimalGG,A much improved version of the first watch dogs to be realeased by ubisoft hats off you listen to the community and improved the game I cant wait for countless hours of fun!
,Recommended,447040,28697134,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MoeyDW,"Watchdogs 2, the game that looks 10/10. But ubisoft is ubisoft, releasing yet another game with countless glitches, runs perfect for me even with the driving as some people are having troubles with, I would recommend this game 10/10 times, but you will definitely need an all rounded PC to run this game, so before you decide to invest, I'd recommend waiting till a decently big sale, even though it's still worth it to buy it at it's normal price, at the moment there are a few bug such as people randomly vaulting mid air rapidly, which I don't enjoy seeing in my gameplay.8/10 in this games current state, I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,447040,28697165,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MiniHunter,"If you dont want to buy this game because of your opinions on the first watch dogs, I recommend you give it another chance, I really liked this one. :)"
76561198224853240,Recommended,447040,28688637,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jo5eph40,Amazing game!
76561198038978924,Recommended,447040,28144271,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,sunset1215,"-------TLDR-------I recommend this game if you like to solve puzzles, and elements of stealth. Can't comment on guns blazing style. Going to try it in second playthrough.-------------Full review-------------Overall, I really liked this game. The world is open right at the start. There's no need to climb towers, and you have to explore the world to find collectibles and side missions by yourself. Personally, I completed the game using stealth approaches, greatly depending on the RC car and drone. Before I even started the first mission, I collected money bags so that I had enough to purchase the drone. Using the both of them, I was able to infiltrate and get almost everything done with it. I didn't like to get into combat, because Marcus die so fast if he's surrounded. I played on hard difficulty.Because of this playstyle I chose, the game was more like a puzzle game. Sometimes, I felt the game became too easy because of the RC car and drone. The capabilities of them are so great that it was bordering on OP. But still, I feel that this is how Watch Dogs 2 should be. It shows how a hacker can thrive in a world where everything is connected and can be hacked. Of course it's not as simple in real life, otherwise how can Marcus put all the stuff he holds in that bag of his.The only thing I didn't like was the driving. Feels like too much grip. But there's fast travel and car chases are minimal. So it's a minor issue.I can't comment on the graphics, because I have a GTX 770, so everything had to be put on low. I'm playing at 1080p resolution, so occasionally the frame rate drops to 40, just for a second or two. On average, I still get 60 fps. I would say at lower resolutions than 1080p, the game doesn't look very good to me."
,Recommended,447040,28105512,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,IsakMar,"I'm really enjoying Watch_Dogs 2. The world is alive and plenty to do off mission. The story is ok, definitely better than in the previous title. The only thing I have to complain about is that the car handling is kinda arcady, like the cars are floating."
,Recommended,447040,28031487,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skryptec,Explosive phones.
76561198022233574,Recommended,447040,28108322,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mork77th,"Very nice so far, ;-)!"
76561198039372106,Recommended,447040,28108712,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Blackwave,"This is the first review I've ever written, and for a reason.I only have 4 hours into it so far, but this game has SO much things to do with the fun side quests and the multiplayer type missions.If you liked GTA V, you will love this game as well. I have bought Mafia 3 and this, and would totally say to get this game over Mafia 3.Not as repetitive as Mafia 3, different ways to do things. You can't just run in shooting.Absoloutly recommended."
76561198071262658,Recommended,447040,28108810,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tits on Toast,Probably the best Triple A game to come out during this busy season. So much fun!
,Recommended,447040,28109272,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,greenbone,"Fun, wild, full of surprises, beautiful, well ported! But before all the story and the philosophical theme on our digital slavery is amazing!"
,Recommended,447040,28042586,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tears,Really good so far. Seems to deliver on the experiance the first hyped it would.
,Recommended,447040,28256732,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Yo Respeto Mujeres,"Rly gud game, yies"
,Recommended,447040,28257019,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Blinckx,"This game has lot potential but fail to express it. The game itself is fun, has a very nice graphic and the story is interesting but, like Watch Dog 1, there are very few things you can do and the missions are always the same identic thing, break is something, hack, leave. You have many tool you can use but Jumper and Drone are vay too powerful, you can easly finish the misison using those two things alone, without even go inside the mission area.Social acitivities like being a ""taxi driver"" or take selfies in specific place are nice but tent to become boring fastGame vote is a 6/7"
76561198080388263,Recommended,447040,28296655,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,atomicdonut10,"Great game, it has fun missions and many skill tree type aspects which i personally enjoy about games :D"
76561198025426090,Recommended,447040,28298004,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,erikwarming,This is the game Watch_Dogs 1 should have been!It is more of a stealth'er game then a shooter. Characters and story are well writen and performed and I truely enjoy (and laughs) at the ingame discusstion between the characters.
,Recommended,447040,28299582,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"Grand Theft Auto V and Assassin's Creed Syndicate game combination. I am happy you don't need to go back to Watch_Dogs 1 if you want to understand the game. So I recommend this game; no doubt about it. Great gunplay, hacking, stealth, parkour, and story make this game one of the best games made in 2016. Good on you, Oobisoft/Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,447040,28295845,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Robin,"Watch Dogs 2 improves upon everything that the first one set out. Almost all of the complaints about Watch Dogs 1 were adressed or fixed entirely. The game takes a less serious tone as in 1, where a lot of the complaints were. Rather than the main character being an edgy cardboard box in a trench coat named Aiden Pearce, Watch dogs 2 protagonist, Marcus Holloway actually is lively and doesn't try to be the ultimate edgelord.  The setting is so much better than Chicago since Chicago was just really boring, dark, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking, where San Francisco is actually a place that seems a bit more lively and actually is appealing to look at. Driving is actually decent since the cars actually handle decently compared to 1's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥handling that made it painful to drive at all. The driving is pretty fun to do, since thats a lot of what you have to do since the map is pretty big.  The story is also pretty good, it gives a goal and you work to it. Its not giving new goals every few minutes, its gives something and you work to it. It also runs really well on most PC's. So yeah i think its worth the $60 for what I got. And I got like 25 hours of the game just doing the main missions and the occasional side misson. It will probably take longer if you want to 100% it or just want to do some sidequests.tl;dr: its pretty fun game, worth the money for what you get. I enjoyed the 25 hours of it I took to complete the main quests."
,Recommended,447040,28393584,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dnburgess,"I played the first game and loved it! I couldn't wait for this game to come out and I haven't been disappointed yet. The game is fun and the characters were really well done.I love having the ability to have remote devices that can go into areas where our hero can't go. I've only got the RC Jumper so far, but it adds something extra to the gameplay.The nice thing about it is that you don't have to play the first game for this game to make sense. The creators did a great job of giving enough information in this game about what happened before that this is easily a standalone game."
76561197972445885,Recommended,447040,28396406,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Father Time,"Great sequel to Watch Dogs.  Great story, gameplay and characters. 4 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,447040,28399662,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Generic66,"Sadly I wasnt abale to play the game on my GTX 1070 since sadly its one of the rare games that just dont work with an external graphics card even thew you dont need to do anything its probably a code glitch.That means I can not review the new technical stuff but!Playing on a 860m is great and runs better than the original game. And at medium settings its truly one of the best looking games at that preset.I realy love the hacking gameplay and new controls. It took a while to get use to the new hacking since its not Q anymore and in the original I had to change keybindings for the weapon scroll weal now only for phone since I dont know the keybinding.Speaking about weapons the gun play is not that great compared to the original.NegativesBad thing is how the story objectives work. A. When part of a multiple step mission it wont automaticaly, B I thought after beating the movie car mission I had to get 1M followers to continue to the main quest. At 70K followers i relised there was ANOTHER!!! main mission and its not just one big thing. Now to the finale bad thing, Nudle maps has very low FPS after second time of use and its a hell to use and once it even crashed.PositivesMuch better charectours than ""I want revenge by killing and destroying everythingle gang"" Aiden pearce to ""I hate this system lets revolt and take them down"" Like what most groups do.Also wrench mask is very very nice.Thats my whole review of this sequal.Also one last thing I did pre order the deluxe edition 2 days after it came on the steam store since I was making a very good choice to A. Be a fan boy and pre order the game or B. Wait out a little. I picked A since if you are a fan you pre order it anyway even thew everyone is telling you not to."
,Recommended,447040,28306690,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JackAimBot,"a creative game,a lot different from the first one,love all the puzzle and exquisite maps,but graphic need to be improved."
76561198012445977,Recommended,447040,28302669,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Clouds,"This game is incredible in so many ways, here are reasons why.- Amazing SToryline- Amazing Graphics- One of my Popular Open World experiencebut he are reasons that I question.- Where the hell is Aiden Pearce?- What happened to Aiden Pearce?- Why is this game so much fun?This game is literally my life. I am not joking. This is actually my #1 open world, freedom, thirdperson experience. How do you even manage to pull this off? It's incredible ubisoft good job guys and gals down there."
76561198176310123,Recommended,447040,28302686,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,(SoC)Sippin on Ciroc,Played the game for 5 days straight and beat the game in 35 hours! So GOOD I'm thinking about starting a new game and playing another 5 days straight! :D
76561198117128751,Recommended,447040,28350060,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DoOm_StOnE,Awesome Game!!!Story LineActionHackingFreedom And Most Important GraphicsAll are awesomeAnd This Time Ubisoft didn't DowngradeThis time they Patch the Previous Watch_dogs♥♥♥♥♥♥up
,Recommended,447040,28350416,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Theo,"I played through the main campaign in about 23 (Edit 23.9) hours and must say that its definetly better than the Prequel, it kinda is what the first part should have been. Its a well made game with a lot of content and actually a good story and engaging level design. Some characters and converstations are kinda cringeworthy, but you can see past that quickly and enjoy Watch_Dogs 2 for what it is, a great game. The Multiplayer is also very impressive as its a really smooth transition between single- and multiplayer, without any loading screens or matchmaking. I didnt even get to play the Coop Missions and there is also a lot of Sidemissions, Events and Puzzles all over the map which I have yet to explore and experience fully."
,Recommended,447040,28349100,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,"TL;DR:Wow this game is absoulutely incredible. If you enjoyed this first Watch Dogs, this is absoulutely worth picking up.The overall content in this game is absoulutely brilliant and i will be covering the following points in my review. As of this review i have just finishe dthe main story line and all side ops and have clocked just around 35 hours.-Missions-Map/locations-Gameplay/hacking-Activities-Clothing/ Customisation-Weapons-Story-GadgetsThe missions in this game are varied well with you being necessary to infiltrate a variety of locations which is always a challenge everytime with you having to devise tactics everytime before infiltrating. 6/10Watch Dogs 2 being set in San Francisco is an interesting location especially for any video game to date. With iconic tourist locations ALL being featured (yes im sad and looked them up) i think it's more evidence for effort being put into this game. The world itself is well detailed with random occurences such as muggings and ""drive bys"" which boosts the atmosphere in this game. Factional/territorial locations are really neat with sufficient detail in all of them. 7/10The hacking has been extended vastly with the ability to hack a vast variety of objects compared to watch dogs 1 where it was pretty much traffic lights and bridges. The fluid combat system is awesome with a varety of animations which is a pleasure to use. Combat is okay but i prefer to stealth my way around. 7/10Definately a winner- the amount of activities to do. Drone racing, sailing, gang hide outs, co-op missions, game invading, bounties and so on. Ubisoft did NOT fail this section at all. This game will keep your (it kept me) entertained for many hours. 10/10Clothing and customisation is another small but nice feature. Definately expanded further comapred to WD1 where there was only a couple preset outfits but here you can change everything. Not as advanced as GTAV but still good. Would've liked to be able to get haircuts and sort out Marcus' trim. 8/10Variety of weapons is limited but there is a choice between lethal and non lethal which is always good. The weapon balance is good enough which is fun and PVP combat seems fair as well. 6/10The story was OK had a pretty obvious and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending in my opinion, WD1 story was better in my opinion with the dark side of Chicago with the human trafficing etc. It hasnt really stuck to me but i still enjoyed the variety of main operations and side operations. 6/10Gadgets. :) The drone is so much fun to use and is a vital tool in order to plan operations as well as scout out enemy positions. I think its great especially when upgraded for IEDs where you can clear an enemy gang hide out in 15 seconds. The little bumper drone is okay too and is useful to grab money bags in gang territories quickly (once equipped with the booster)Okay now thats over; this game is brilliant and i really did enjoy it. I think £40 is a fair price for the amount of content your getting so yea i think its good. Overall im probably give it  a 7.5/10.Good job Ubisoft for producing a stable game this year *insert thumbs up*"
,Recommended,447040,28349682,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,tao88h,"2 things, less of a review, more of a quick word about my experience:To Players: it has many elements of fun gameplay, characters with depth, and sensible mechanics. 11 hours in and I'm hooked. I like open world games in general, and the non-linear side quests are fun, albiet not too challenging once you understand the npc's behaviour.To Ubisoft: OPTOMIZE THIS GAME FOR PC .. even with a Nvidia 970, drivng a car is frame rate hell. My gaming laptop runs MGS5 on max settings at 60fps, so I know it can be done. Please please please, get back under the hood and tinker with those settings to show off what is ultimately turning out to be a really great upgrade from WD1."
,Recommended,447040,28411298,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,› jasonelmore,"Wow this game really suprised me after the dissapointing Watch Dogs 1 fiasco.   I have not had this much fun in a open world game since the Witcher 3 and GTA V.   It is comparible to GTA V, but there are not as many small details, such as tuning cars, owning property, stock market, etc...Sure Watchdogs 2 lacks some of these smaller details, but it's also adding a lot more gameplay mechanics through it's own formula.  Hacking is fun again, and the Drones really make you feel like a hacker.   The story and humor are acceptable as well.Overall, this is a big budget AAA game.. Ubisoft did not release a Assassins Creed This year, and i think it's beacuse they wanted to make good games again.It runs very well on PC, although i suggest turning the Shadows Setting to Very High, even if your on a GTX 1080 like me. Geforce Experience will get every other setting right, except shadows, so double check and set it to very high for a solid 60FPS even in city scenes.Overall highly recommended.. It's almost as good as GTA V"
,Recommended,447040,28413970,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,thekieranimo,"Improves the core mechanics, improves the reliability, performance, and handling, and removes the forced-mopeyness and dreary personal life of the previous protagonist. The style of the new protagonists - ultra-modern pop-anarchists - can be grating at first, but they do become endearing because their dialogue is written well. It seems like Ubi have learnt something."
,Recommended,447040,28409311,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mc'Donald san,"All my pet peevs from the last game have been resolved, GG ubisoft"
76561198005684321,Recommended,447040,28351948,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,zsoulless,"Great Game! You actually play a hacker this Time! I went the whole game without ever using my gun.Its a bit  short and I would have liked a better hook.. You often feel like just an anarchist rather than the ""hero"", but Marcus is a Great character and has a few hero moments for sure."
76561198285509418,Recommended,447040,28352009,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,green_9898,"Great game - but I still can't disable the seamless multiplayer, I went into settings and  deactivated all online multi game features and after all that, other players still keep showing up in my game, which is getting so ignoring, can anyone help?"
76561198045643231,Recommended,447040,28320842,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,King Merrygold,"An improvement in many ways over the first game, but this sequel also falls short in others. Mechanics are better, and cheating, the first game's biggest downfall, seems for the time being to be a non-issue (although the anti-cheat turns up frequent false positives). Optimization still a problem, but better than the original. Story not quite as involved as the first game's, but still fun, and the characters are better. Missing some challenges, however, such as when Aiden Pearce became a wanted criminal and would be turned in by random citizens when recognized. Improved and sometimes erratic AI keeps the player paranoid of infiltrations. More of a challenge to avoid detection in this game, due in large part to the drones, but still exciting. Good graphics this time around; nice soundtrack. Stealth is even more emphasized in the sequel; in fact many baddies are almost impossible to kill without several well-placed head-shots. It feels like there is overall less content than the first game, not including cosmetic customizations, and perhaps less replayability, but I'm getting my money's worth."
,Recommended,447040,28319759,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hyphonetics,"A vast improvement over the first game. I wasn't as invested in Marcus as I was Aiden but he was a much more likable character which made up for it, you never really learn his backstory or the reason he was fighting against Blume but beside that the story was fantastic. Only downside is being forced to run Uplay. Will update for DLC when that comes out"
76561198039157843,Recommended,447040,28320242,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ScarecrowFoxx,"The game was fun and kept my intrest all the way throught but the only real annoying thing was some of the random onlie interactions during missions but i could have turned that off only thing i couldnt control that was annoying was mid conversation something would just skip it and i would be like ""oh ok not like i wanted to hear that"" but over all it was fun and good"
,Recommended,447040,28244039,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Salvurion,Awsome game
76561198050865043,Recommended,447040,28244131,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,issssk,"It's ok. Not bad, not great. Basically another Assassins Creed clone (plenty climbing puzzles).Don't bother with the eKart races, they're unbelievably hard."
,Recommended,447040,28301689,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Adam,"Absolutely adore this game, the game has so much variety when it comes to game mechanics and endings, I totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,447040,28277427,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mr.Grim [King of Australia],i do recommend you play this game but only after they have properly optimized and fixed the fps problems otherwise its a fun and enjoyable game also if anyone at ubisoft reads this please just wait to publish your games for the the pc dont care about waiting we mostly care about a well polished product that doesnt turn the game into a meme on reddit so long story short play the game (but only after they fix the problems)
,Recommended,447040,28339862,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,robbiejohn247,"So far so good.. I lyk the open ended sandbox approach on missions as in AC games.. I never used lethal approaches though as it doesnt quite fit.. Havent completed the game so cant comment on the story.. Bt as I said, so far so good.. Am patiently completing every side objectives this game has to offer.. Never bothered with the multiplayer aspect.. I may look into it after I complete the story.. And this is the best PC port by Ubi in recent years so there's a credit for that.. Am enjoying it overall"
,Recommended,447040,28403125,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,imanueljordan,Nice game!!! Almost cryBut the watch dogs storyline is more better
76561198244750652,Recommended,447040,28404717,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,catsandtats,"Was hesitant to buy because of how the first one was. Don't let it discourage you. Went in with low expectations but was completely blown away.  Great characters, decent story, beautiful environment. One of the better games I've played all year."
,Recommended,447040,28499867,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Duvel,Nice
76561198131603008,Recommended,447040,28520917,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Cactus Jack'OLantern,"Ubisoft finally gave us what we wanted just buy this game already, totally woth the price"
,Recommended,447040,28520952,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mephisto,"Good game I loved the story and the ned they changed the controlls though wich i did{t like much but they added a lot of more hacks. They changed the skill tree and how it works and they removed the hack battery and replaced it with buttons?Also they added the ability to replay missions and multiple save slots wich I loovv so it is a good game but deffenetly has its downsides though like for some reason even with 8.00GB Single-Channel DDR3 RAM, 2048MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti (EVGA), Intel Core i7 4790K @ 4.00GHz Haswell 22nm Technology, Windows 8.1 Pro 64-bit it still has some lagspikes mostly while driving not even high speed cars just driving. I will recomend this game though."
76561198259673708,Recommended,447040,28519300,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ItsYaBoiiiii,"I have always been a fan of Watch Dogs and I seldom write reviews for any steam games. Watch Dogs 2 has been a significant improvement to the previous release and the improved multiplayer has been a great experience as well. Cannot wait for more content, because it's pretty quick to breeze through. Be prepared for some comedy, too, because the character dialogue is sporadically comical."
,Recommended,447040,28329141,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Scrappy Doo,"This is *THE BEST GAME* I have ever played in my life! The story is great, you get attached to the characters, the gameplay is great, the graphics are great, the voice acting is super and it is an all around amazing game and I could recommend it to anyone. If you like gripping storys that get those emotions kicking in or some all around open world fun, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,447040,28111271,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Unkie Benis,"So far the game has really blown me away, I felt like I was taking a big risk pre-ordering the game but it was so worth it.Theres tons to do in the game, Go-Kart Races, and drone races, you can practically be an intense Uber driver, or you can sight see throughout the map and take pictures and selfies and post them online for all of your followers to see, its really satisfying seeing your numbers go up. In open world games I usually dont want to just casually walk to the objective... but in this game I'm totally fine with popping in my headphones and making a 2000m jog to the next objective. I always find myself taking selfies at landmarks or with random people. Or just watching all of the civilians go about their days (While I hack their bank accounts and read their texts and intrude on phone calls) and with the custom playlist you can set a certain tone to your surroundings and just makes for an all around fun and intriguing experience.The story is all over the place, but most missions all are done with the end goal in mind, getting a big enough following to take down Blume. But it's enjoyable and it's made me laugh a lot as well.The detail in the game has amazed me too, I've never seen so many NPC idle actions in one game... Everywhere you go feels alive and thriving, people will be chatting and doing their own thing, they could spill their coffee, even sneeze. I even found an angry spouse smashing the windshield of her mans car with a baseball bat while he watched terrified. I pulled out my phone and took pictures and she got mad and literally attacked me. It was hilarious. If a car is parked under a tree, the leaves that fall from the tree actually will land on the car and blow off when you start driving it. It's the little things like that that make the game really enjoyable to play.The various gangs and police will have shootouts and sometiems you get stuck right in the middle of them, even choose who you want to help out. I witnessed a drive by, and the ambulance showed up while the guys friend stood crying off to the side. You see civilians actually getting handcuffed and shoved into police cars for commiting various crimes. Ubisoft really nailed making the city feel alive. Civilians photobomb your selfies, or try to fight you or talk to you outside of your cars if you get into an accident.The game is great, and I still have plenty of side missions to complete, so I'll edit this as I go if I feel like I need to add anything.Edit: Just finished the game, and I have to say the ending felt a bit underwhelming. But overall I really enjoyed the game. Ill give it a solid 9/10!Edit: With the new update, you can now 3D print fully functioning AK-47 assault rifles. Oh, and replay the really fun missions too !"
76561198315560660,Recommended,447040,30959621,Posted: 5 April,all,Fr34ky_snaK3,The best game ever
76561198262010890,Recommended,447040,30941141,Posted: 4 April,all,EksuallyIzDolanTrump,Fun as hell
,Recommended,447040,28033471,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mugi,Has lots of settings and alot better then watch_dogs
,Recommended,447040,28030555,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NuckFChorris,"I was really concerned about how well Watch Dogs 2 would run after experiecing the disaster that was the original Watch Dogs game. Having played this game a bit, it definitely seems to be running well. I have everything maxed out at 1440p (systems specs in profile) and haven't seen the game dip below 57 fps. This game is worth picking up."
,Recommended,447040,28030885,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stormborn422,"As a resident of the Bay Area I am so proud and happy that I get to finally play an open world game in my backyard. It is so surreal. This game is sooo much better than the first one and I have only done 2 missions so far. Gameplay is awesome, driving is great, story and characters are engaging....Hats off to you Ubisoft!"
76561198026255452,Recommended,447040,28030946,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Prodigy,"Have played for over 2 hours now, still early to tell how well the game will develop but so far it's been great, no issues with any graphics either, nvidia's game ready driver for Watch Dogs 2 is working. Not many games have a great first day on PC when released. Worth the money! :)"
,Recommended,447040,28030979,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sonyguy,Hey the PC port does not suck works fine is this the twilight zone a PC port that does not suckThe spice will flow
76561198213252741,Recommended,447040,28031222,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Solomonjo,"Great game so far, pc port is good could be better but still is better than the last one."
76561198285045716,Recommended,447040,29219321,Posted: 13 January,all,Sudhanhunt,"I liked this game very much. Advantages of this Game1:Driving bikes and car is very good than any other game2:Hacking using quad copter is remarkable3:Main missions and also side missions are very interesting4:Graphics is awesome5: Parkour is totally awesome6:we can earn more money by playing events like sailboat races,bike races,drone races ect..Totally it is an awesome entertaining game .but the only disappointment is Missions are too less..We can complete game with in a week..then the game is going to be little boring..Important thing: don't buy gold edition..no use of that..it is for some additional missions .."
,Recommended,447040,29220033,Posted: 13 January,all,Dave The Duck,I do like this game. It gave me mild entertainment. Much appreciated Unisoft.
76561198135874874,Recommended,447040,29218079,Posted: 12 January,all,Marcus Holloway II,GReat game. Enjoy the graphics when using my laptop. THis game is funny as you play thru it. Fast action and enjoyable if you like hacking everything. I notice it heavy on my graphcs card if I increase graphics settings but it is configurable if you have less then average computer. I will be playing more offen when I have time.
,Recommended,447040,29238285,Posted: 13 January,all,Bell ❤,"Not gonna lie - This game is pretty spicey. Sick new characters, story and mechanics. Love what they did with the hacking system.Also if anyone knows where I can get Wrench's mask, i'd greatly appreciate if you told me."
76561198047555343,Recommended,447040,29237177,Posted: 13 January,all,KingWik,Fun Game. Much improved over the first Watch Dogs. Great voice acting. Marcus is a cool cat!
,Recommended,447040,29241087,Posted: 13 January,all,Mentaur,"This game makes a great first impression. I bounced off the first one when I got stuck trying to pull off some of the side quests for ages. I appreciate the artistry of GTA games but find the gangster plotlines a bit of a turn off. I stopped playing when I reached the ultra violent character. This on the other hand has a very different tone and I'm looking forward to getting stuck in. Those who've played longer here still seem positive so I am hopeful. For the sale price it seems a bargain too.I'm playing in 3D at 1080p using the mod on the HelixMod website, and am getting about 30-40fps which is not unexpected. Even then it still feels and looks incredible."
76561198106175935,Recommended,447040,29239509,Posted: 13 January,all,Brucie,So fun but the combat can be a little finnicky.
,Recommended,447040,29216069,Posted: 12 January,all,Yebisu,"This game is fun and engaging. Has a surprising amount of levity that the first game needed badly. The plot has the soul of a fun, cheesy 80's movie with a modern skin. Which is why it breaks my heart that it had so many technical issues in my experience. I had massive frame drops and crashes every single session. My rig is highish end and I even tried lowering my video quality. I feel like this shouldn't happen in a triple A game. However, I can't take off too much for a problem that not everyone might have. All in all, it's a pretty good title if you're into sandbox and internet culture."
,Recommended,447040,29216122,Posted: 12 January,all,Wevisman,"This is one of the few games I've played recently that feels good to play not like it has smooth gameplay (which it does) or it has a story or something that I'm attached to but the game just feels good.The game is very interwooven into itself and everything works, no mechanics or missions seem out of place each one provides similar yet different gameplay and set up and the execution of most (theres always an exception) missions is done in a way where you can see what needs to be done and see how you can achieve said goal but you never feel like there is a straight line to complete a MAIN mission, the side ones can but only a couple. The overall tone and feel of the game can be seen in the anouncement trailer so if you don't enjoy that trailer you probably won't enjoy the atmosphere.9.5/10+ fun gameplay+ great mission structure+ side missions feel impactful+ most characters are EXTREMELY well character to the feel of the game+ the game feels comfy+ emergent gameplay+ fantastic online integration (isn't intrusive enough to negatively affect the game)+ very practical hacking controls+ the game looks great on my 750ti so one can only imagine- Horatio- one or two of the side missions drag on too long- research point are a little hard to come by in the late game"
,Recommended,447040,29216460,Posted: 12 January,all,Spooky Sandwich,"don't play the first game, play this one instead"
76561198011131911,Recommended,447040,29214718,Posted: 12 January,all,TMoney,"TBH I tried refunding this game within the first few hours which got denied since I exceeded the 2hr limit, and I'm glad it did.  First off I'm new to Watch Dogs and didn't really know what to expect but was thinking along the lines of GTA5.  With that mindset I was disappointed since the game has a completely different feel than what I'm used to but isn't necessarily a bad thing.Sure the driving physics feel a bit wonky but that's not really what this game is about.  It's a sandbox style game of exploration, discovery, and utilizing your hacking skills and other gadgets to complete missions, mess with people, disrupt the city all while thinking outside the box.  There's a lot of things to do between all sorts of side missions, seemlessly integrated online/coop play and the main story missions.  Or you can always just roam the streets and screw around with innocent people which can get pretty entertaining.As far as graphics go, the Temporal Filtering AA setting is absolutely atrocious.  The game is also pretty taxing and most people may need to use this setting but I'd highly suggest disabling it, even without other AA but using SMAA Post Processing looks MUCH better than TF enabled.  Not sure how well this game is optimized but it does look pretty good after you sort the anti-aliasing.  I haven't had stability or performance issues like others have mentioned.  The framerate varies quite a bit, but it's a reliable 50-80fps on my GTX 1070 with no stutters or frame drops maxed out.Also I would suggest playing on a controller since the game was targeted for consoles, an Xbox or PS4 controller works great right out the box without any changes needed.  I'm normally a mouse and keyboard kinda guy but this is one of those games that's best played on a controller.Overall I would recommend this to a friend but you might have to give it a chance before you like it.  For me it seemed to get better as I went.  At first I was a little put off by how different everything felt but once I got used to it I started to find enjoyment.  If you're on the fence about it and have a decent enough rig to run it I'd say go ahead and pick it up, especially on sale for $40."
,Recommended,447040,29182096,Posted: 11 January,all,Kevin™,Good story
,Recommended,447040,29127341,Posted: 8 January,all,Necromuncher,"Must pet every dog I see.But ye, this game falls short for me in a few places. Mainly with the story feeling a bit lacking and the sidequests and collectables being a bit repetative. Despite that, there's still some really good fun to be had when utilizing all the research perks (particularly during co-op play) which is why it gets a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,447040,29127417,Posted: 8 January,all,Kermit,"If you havent brought this game yet or not sure if you want to buy it, well i say to you to buy it the graphics are stunning and the stealth system is fab! 5 stars from me."
,Recommended,447040,29130083,Posted: 8 January,all,L̲a̜͇͍̣̯̯v̺,Grand Theft Auto 5.5 takes place inside of a script kiddy's wet dream.
,Recommended,447040,29177484,Posted: 10 January,all,d0rky,fun game if you have a decent rig...lel o you ubisoft and yr♥♥♥♥♥♥pc ports
76561198119403136,Recommended,447040,29185537,Posted: 11 January,all,President Scarreo,Hey watch dogs 2 is a great game I liked it but I think that the first one was a little bit better! But good game! :D
76561198327606977,Recommended,447040,29185120,Posted: 11 January,all,RAGEJOKER,Good Game
,Recommended,447040,29181250,Posted: 11 January,all,Stryder [ZNTV] Gaia,"Incredible, 9/10 this is my game of the year 2016. I saved money for 6 months because i was a student so that i could buy this game. This is my pros and cons in my opinion+Pros1. So many improvements over the last game2. Parkour gameplay3. Fluid movements4. Incredible driving engine5. Lively San Francisco6. Marcus is very customizable7. RC Cars and Drones8. Challenging combats and enemies9. Multiple options to approach your objective10. Very controllable/hackable city-Cons1. It's really annoying when you trying to enjoy the scenery and then a random player starts connecting to my session to ♥♥♥♥ everything in my area2. After you completed the game, the characters just died, no contacting, no random phone callsThis is why i give it 9/10, if those cons weren't exist, i would've give this game 10/10. Otherwise, amazing game"
,Recommended,447040,29184309,Posted: 11 January,all,RotoGamer2826,"Let me start off by saying there is one EXTREMELY annoying bug with this game, and that's when you pull along side a building or something and the driver side door is blocked, and Marcus slides to the passenger seat and..... well that's it. He never gets out. You can't move or do anything. You have to quit and load a save. BESIDES that, this game is like GTA if GTA were actually fun. Hacking cars is hilarious and I would recommend this game."
76561198268875862,Recommended,447040,29179435,Posted: 11 January,all,agentofchaos27,"a 3D printer, what else do you need?"
,Recommended,447040,29192050,Posted: 11 January,all,Pang,"- Cons:- This completely sabotaged Watch Dog 1 game play: Spider game play, Zombot gameplay. I miss those thrills- The efforts of enriching the story are dull and tasteless. There is a significant development on media (music, graphic designs), but story makes me feel like a child, a blind, passionate, reckless player. There is no affection somehow.- Not scary+ Pro:+ Story line is clear+ Any other things that work well on an excellent computer for gaming"
,Recommended,447040,28670981,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,paangzykun.,"FINALLY!!! I CAN WATCH 2 DOG ON WATCH DOG 2, SERIOUSLY!!! UBISOFT CHANGE THE OLD GODDAMN  AIDEN ♥♥♥♥ING OLD PIERCE :/, UBISOFT MAKE ME PROUD AF :)"
76561198048908940,Recommended,447040,28665388,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rile Slapcheek,Could use a few frame stuttering improvements but otherwise a much funner game than watch dogs 1.P.s. Still need to work on a plot that players can give even the slightest inkling of a♥♥♥♥♥♥about though.
,Recommended,447040,28663084,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Franku,"The game itself is an incredible leap over the original, there are tons of things to do and the game is beautiful in every way.  The online aspect is very enjoyable, and I would reccomend the game.My issue with it though is definitely the performance. I have an i7-4770k paired with a GTX 1080, both overclocked heavily, and I struggle to maintain 60 fps not even on what I think are too high settings. Ubisoft needs to definitely improve the optomization of this game but besides that, they definitely have a gem on their hands."
,Recommended,447040,28644035,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GiveMeAllYourCats,"Absolutly love where Ubisoft is taking this franchise right now. I'm getting sucked into the story really good, also the deadsec art has been improved dramatically. Real world references from the hacker scene are all over the place, even the terminology is most of the time is very plausible when you are on about doing missions for the crew.Yea the crew part, it feels more solid now. You have a HQ where you can do a lot of upgrades and spray paints. Also secrets and new conversations with crews inbetween missions.The seamlessly integrated online part is really improved. Altough you can still easily know if someone is in your match by pressing escape (you listen for the sound if it is disabled or not, if it keeps running you are online).Gadgets!! a ♥♥♥♥ing quad copter nuff saidThere are too many things to do and you wont get bored easily! I rate this game 9/10IS THIS GAME FROM UBISOFT???"
76561198256820393,Recommended,447040,28650976,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,hampura a :),very good game
76561197991893085,Recommended,447040,28644747,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,renboy,"A surprisingly good game!I played the first one, and found it somewhat repetitive after a certain point - but this one just gets better and better - I'm already ~40h in, and every mission is more fun then the previous one.A great protagonist, awesome leading cast, a villian that is just so fun to hate, and quite a few surprising revelations and places that you get to throughout the game.Doing a 100% run on this one is a no brainer - even the driving is great (unlike the first game).Beautiful, sleek, fun and enjoyable all around."
,Recommended,447040,28651532,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,chaychay,Very much enjoy
76561198122297105,Recommended,447040,28253666,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sexy Gandalf,"Играл в 1 часть,если сравнивать с новой просто небо и земля!1-физику машин сильно подтянули2-Пасхалки,очень было приятно видеть Эйдена из 1 части в мисии ""Тени""3-Геймплей не сильно отличаеться от 1 части но есть пару прикольных добавок как дрон и джампер,так же есть возможность управлять подьемным краном!4-ну просто нереально огромный выбор одежды,одевайся как хочешь!Минусов меньше но есть:1-Главный персонаж не интересный и скучный,больше бы обрадовался Ти-Бону или Ренчу2-Все в игре далал главный персонаж,Ситара,Джош и тд вообще не хотели не чего делать,только под конец дали погонять за Ренча и Ситару.Итог:Первый блин комом."
,Recommended,447040,28033453,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,teheim,"It's better than the last one, it's almost a copy of watchdogs 1 so I'll give it a 6.5/10"
76561198060513553,Recommended,447040,28461347,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheNoob91,"First off I'd like to say I love Watch_Dogs 2. It's a fun game and I beat the main story within my small amount of total hours of gameplay. Ubisoft definatly improved from Watch_Dogs 1 in terms of graphics (Improvement on not being dark colors and or always night time in game), parkour and climbing capabilities, driving, and much more. I'll leave you as the player to determine what you like and dislike about the game though. One huge issue that needs to be fixed is the framerate. My specs are at the bottom of this review and as you can tell it's no low end PC. Considering I ran the unoptimized Watch_Dogs 1 at over 60fps with graphical enhancing mods installed, it's not just a specs problem. Watch_Dogs 2 however seems to stutter and freeze a lot while driving. Changing settings to low does not improve this at all. On foot the game runs stable, but this driving lag needs to be fixed. It's really a screw over when there are hunters on your tail. Overall, it's a great game and I had lots of fun and I'm still enjoying it now. IIt just simply needs better optimization.PC Hardware:GPU: GTX 970 (No OC)CPU: Intel i7-4790k (No OC)RAM: HyperX Fury 8gb (2x4gb) DDR3Storage: Seagate 2tb SSHDLink for example of frame stutter issue:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7EGaPlA0EI(Not my video, simply the exact same issue)"
,Recommended,447040,28461364,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PoTTy,The game on the whole is awesome except fot CPU bottleneck issue that still exist on the PC port.Multiplayer is good; except for the player you are teaming up with is a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and goes in guns blazing :(
,Recommended,447040,28438835,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,la_nague,"fun hacking, good technical execution (especially the temporal aliasing thing that actually GIVES you FPS), decent length especially for a shooty game.Also i would like to add that this Ubisoft game doesnt have their tower mechanic where you unlock part of the map with a tower and then do annoying collectible stuff:The collectibles that give you skillpoints have a 1-5 minute long puzzle or combat situation attached to it and they are pretty fun most of the time.The game has a few repetetive missions, but some of them have funny endings (for example ATM hacking) and they give little rewards so you can ignore them if you want especially since every online interaction gives much more rewards.The online interactions can be coop missions or you can enable seamless invasions like in dark souls games where you either hunt someone or get hunted (when you are chased by police not during a mission it activates the online hunt)  or play hide and seek.Pretty fun between missons when going after some collectibles.The whole thing is over the top so dont expect a serious hacking game with a serious story."
,Recommended,447040,28032101,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MauroHeisenberg,"I am honestly surprised with Ubisoft, i did not expect a good pc port from them. I know a lot of people are still complaining that it is not well optimized but as you can see it's a minority so it's either them(they are being a little bit too ambitious withtheir settings) or it's a pontual case with a specific setup which might get fixed along the way."
,Recommended,447040,28034548,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nend Sudes,Fantastic game!Has its flaws but such an improvement over the 1st game.Ubisoft finally made a great game!
,Recommended,447040,28036593,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bustin,"Fun, well optimised game from Ubisoft on launch day? Truly 2016 is a wacky year."
,Recommended,447040,33110167,Posted: 1 July,all,Britt,"I had a lot of fun with this game - the driving is absolutely atrocious and I was a little bored going in until I got my drones up and running. If you're unsure about continuing the game - get to where the drones are and give those a few missions and if you hate it then well, this game ain't your bag. I thought it was strange how the lead protagonist is so mild and chill all day long but in a second he'll pull a bandana up on his face and start killing people like its no thing... then go back to being chill. That part never made sense, and I got annoyed with the ""LEET H4ck3r 4 LYFE do with this info as u will WE ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE YOU CAN TRUST"" hypocrisy that Dedsec put out. Speaking of which, why the hell are they so into zombies and young millenial culture if they're trying to reach a wide audience? I know I'm just nitpicking here but seriously I was about the get diabetes from the amount of fireball shots these elderly tweens were taking behind the scenes.All my ♥♥♥♥♥ing aside, I loved the game, beat it, would buy the sequel. This was a great game.Its kinda like Grand Theft Auto, but the combat is not its strong suit and I'm ok with that. Really its about trying to be stealthy and hack into places. The game is an open world sandbox and its definitely worth the mone, even not on sale."
,Recommended,447040,28066285,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SIDESTEAL,Brilliant game - despite the usual poor execution by UBISOFT.
76561198255229199,Recommended,447040,33077974,Posted: 1 July,all,Defaultso,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
,Recommended,447040,28799433,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,🅱 a l e x,">Hacks government for safety of people>Is hero>Explodes steam pipe and kills 7>'Nah!' says game, 'He's the good guy!'>10/10"
,Recommended,447040,30161343,Posted: 25 February,all,󠀡Paxman󠀡,"Edit 30th Jun 2017 : The game runs better after much patch-work.So, giving my recommendation!Poor optimisation to an otherwise good game. I have not played the first part, so i cannot compare. From what i have played so far, the game is looks and feels good as i do have a beefed up PCSan Franciso open world looks dense but does not feel lived in. Games like GTA V/Witcher 3 manage to pull that off exceptionally well but you won't find that here. That is just my opinion.If the performance gets better, hopefully by patches, then i WILL recommend this game."
,Recommended,447040,31552191,Posted: 4 May,all,rayjohnsoncomedy,"There are some pretty cool dogs in this game and you can pet them. There's even mean dogs that try to kill you. There's puppies but for some reason they hardly show up; but that's not that weird when you consider *this is me just realizing this* that babies are NEVER represented in this game.Honestly, if babies weren't silenced by their inability to speak english (or spanish or anything), I feel that the whole lot of these open world games would have a class action baby lawsuit on their hands.But back to dogs, they're all over the place. No cats though. No planes either, for some reason -- but they did add seals, which makes sense.All dogs aside, the name still doesn't seem completely warranted. It should be called ""Watch_Mostly_Hacking_Some_Driving_and_Some_Dogs_of_Differering_Demeanors,"" but I guess that'd be too long a name.If you're still reading this, I would like to say something about the game now.It's pretty incredible what they've done with the npc dialogue, where instead of just having them react to you, they live their life around you. I am not sure how computationally expensive this is, but it does seem like there should be a guard against characters repeatedly saying the same stuff again and again. That said, I had to look up the spelling of ""guard"" and I'll be 25 at the end of the month, so who the hell am I to complain?This doesn't happen extremely often, but it does take me by surprise that I seem to hear some things rarely/if ever while hearing others many times.Lastly, back to dogs - no joke - there's a npc who goes on and on about how, ""I've got this dog right, and he's cute""; his voice makes me glad there arent babies/are rarely ever puppies around, because it would be an awful thing to be around in developmental stages of your life. Even for those who don't speak a lick of language.He shows up too much and is an example of the above and his voice happens to be the most annoying of all.Anyway, regarding the game again - the plot was nice and it's a lot of fun."
76561198216658409,Recommended,447040,33244153,Posted: 4 July,all,Boocester,its better to get a high-end pc instead of my shity laptop but it still runs well. stories great. parkours fun. stealth is average. the ai is pretty good meaning its too aware and know where you are if you move but still good
,Recommended,447040,33156450,Posted: 2 July,all,fuzzymonkey11,I had doubts about this game but the story was excellent. Worth a buy but be warned once you finish the story there is not much to do
,Recommended,447040,29002815,Posted: 4 January,all,^1GTX 1080 SLI I7 6950X 64GB RAM,"CALL THE COPS, CALL THE GANGSYOU ARE NOT GETTING ME ALIVE!TAKE THE RAM, TAKE THE RAM!I am taking a selfie while you guys fight, btw.You mad bro? COPS, GET'EM!//Prime_Eight, I hate you//KILL'EM ALL//DEDSEC FTWNo,seriously this game is pretty cool and fun,the graphics are good,physics are somewhat okay.This game comes with quite a lot of content and the game size is not big at all. Pretty good game if you want a little twist on these open world shooting games by not making gunfights the primary target of the game.All missions so far can be beaten without single bullet. The call cops/gangs option can be exploited and make missions so much easier ,if you don't want the fun, that is.10/10 will play as wrench"
,Recommended,447040,29090192,Posted: 7 January,all,AlotAGrease,"Drink all the booze, hack all the things!"
76561198054893876,Recommended,447040,31674918,Posted: 10 May,all,glennfortson,"Drink all the booze, hack all the things!"
,Not Recommended,447040,29573116,Posted: 29 January,all,[FL] Broccoli,"As much as I enjoy this game, I cannot recommend it for anyone else. I would like to say right now that I have a powerful computer (go check my profile for specs) and I find it unbearable to play whilst driving or moving very fast, it just stutters so badly. I play on very high - ultra settings and it runs fine when I'm in a small area walking but any other time it just lags massively. Gta 5 runs better than this.I will change my review once the game is playable.Oh and EAC is bad too."
,Recommended,447040,28745570,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Λ | VennaN -'::^*,"Watch Dogs 2Fun game but short dont really like multiplayer or co op at this game but the graphic and the map is beautiful but my fps was at 30 and it was lagging, and can really recommend you to buy this if you played the first but its a problem for me it was not fun because its was easy and the story and mission is short and hope the Watch Dogs 3 Will be in London in a city to follow the cameras because the worst game that has make in London is AC Syndicate and want some newer map, city like EU, NY, UK and some others and after Spending around 30 hours and I've completed the main story and some of the side missions so is this game better than the first watch dogs game. And i really like open games and this game is one of the best open world games but still recommend this game 10/10."
,Recommended,447040,30201771,Posted: 26 February,all,Octy,Meets all my ecpectations
,Recommended,447040,28086365,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fuzzy Gaming,FPS DROP!!!Fun game sadly my fps drop when driving in the city!
76561198078906998,Not Recommended,447040,28098887,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,power.player,"In terms of gameplay, few new tricks have been added i addition to the original game. The game seems to emphaise sealth game play using your drones rather than going in with the character. Also the game AI seems dumb at times, like pedestrians juming in front of your vehicle from the footpath or you can walk in front of guard on active duty just by a distracting message sent. Personally I felt the city and surrounding was empty or dead. Not much of activity going on except for tourist spots where a chunk of people would stand there and try photo-bomb your selfies. And map has less deversity comparitively, but since I have never been to San Francisco no comments.For story and character development, it's a huge down compared to the original. The missions are low in numbers that I didn't notice I finished all the side missions. The main missions all had the same core model [Don't want to explain and be a spolier]. The character Marcus Holloway is bit of a hollow guy with not much of a real motive. From the begining to the end of game he remains like a rebellious teenager. The story could have used bit more improvement."
76561198152081788,Recommended,447040,31159868,Posted: 15 April,all,mu.itsfriday,"Good game, beautiful graphic, lively city and not so bad quest dialog so.... buy!"
,Recommended,447040,31160964,Posted: 15 April,all,Scapz,very good
,Recommended,447040,31135384,Posted: 14 April,all,Skirmish_,"Good, However, It eats your RAM as if the games pacman"
76561198138116567,Recommended,447040,28037629,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OpenAI  (Noob Bot),SO <3 IMPROVED WATCH DOGS 2 <3
,Recommended,447040,28086325,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Faster than the speed of ass,Great game papi
76561198088892703,Not Recommended,447040,28089260,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,alcoholicsementhrower69,"New update made this game unplayable. The update made the game way more cpu heavy, with all my settings turned down to low and pixel density on low I only get 5 fps. It's a shame to because when I first played the game the first 2 days it was out it was really fun. Leave it to ubisoft to ruin yet another game, Just when you thought they actaully got it right."
76561198077907369,Not Recommended,447040,28750918,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,FSG.Groot,The tutorial was enough for me
,Recommended,447040,28922658,Posted: 1 January,all,Joshlikescola,"Game seems to run much better now.Overall, incredibly fun to play and well worth your time.I'd still appreciate the team behind Watchdogs 2 to optimise the performance more as I still have problems with stuttering, etc but the game is so fun you can almost look beyond it."
,Recommended,447040,28843808,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,chandler the handler,yo ♥♥♥♥♥ it's bobo dakes
76561198119137556,Recommended,447040,28878688,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Richard THICCxon,"New:After the game has been out for a few months, the game finally came out with a patch that fixed my prior issues, you will also need to install new drivers if you were having the similar issues that i stated in my old review found below. I honestly dislike 80 perecent of ubisofts content, but after getting about 4 hours into the watch dogs 2 campaign, i hope ubisoft makes more games like this. The game isn't bad, just some optimization issues that i hope they continue to fix. I personally find this game to have a very nice open world that's pleasant to explore. The game has funky physics sometimes, but this can easily be turned into something fun and not negative. The coop isnt very strong, mostly juist some side missions that arent very intricate in my expirience of it so far, but roaming the open world with a friend can be enjoyable, and there's plenty to explore. The biggest gameplay issue to me is some of the stealth mechanics, when youre hiding behind an object its fairly inconsistant if a gaurd will see you or not, and sometimes when you think you're perfectly safe, its quite the opposite.Pros:+Beautiful Open World+Fun Characters+Saterical Sense of Humor+Enjoyable Story+Plenty of things to do+Fun stealthCons:-Optimization-Weird Physics-Cover-to-cover issues-mediocre gun play-Price ($60)Overall if you enjoy a GTA style open world with characters that are almost as colorful as the world they inhabit and many variations of how to approach combat, you'll enjoy this game. The $60 price tag is a bit much, so if you can get it on sale, do that instead, i wouldnt pay full price for this game.======================================================================Old ""Review"":My issue with this game is technical and nothing to do with the game play itself. The game seemed fun, so me and a friend decided to purchase it. After we had both installed the game and or respective newest GPU drivers, we launched the game. The issue my friend had was that the game was running at very poor frames for the hardware he has and the settings it was on. The issue I had was that the game would launch and everything would be fine, but after a few short seconds of actually being in the game it would crash. I tried everything i could to fix the issue, however nothing worked. For anyone who is curious i was running the game with this hardware:Fx-8350XFX r9 3808gb RAM"
76561198109057787,Recommended,447040,29264141,Posted: 14 January,all,bdevil80,"So far i cant even get the Uplay activation code.Edit: so i got the game working, and for anyone who has the same problem:Run Steam as an administrator and then launch the game from your library as normal. The game should then auto-bind to your uPlay account if already linked or in terms of first instance authenticity. (thanks to J4MESOX4D for the info)i am now having tons of of fun this game"
76561198345641312,Recommended,447040,31158214,Posted: 15 April,all,TCC.Kiwi_bird,Good
76561198060785498,Recommended,447040,28084227,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FrozenGarden,"The Real Content is Very COOL! Plus the story not too hero-ish, they know some of their doing is not 100% good, so, GOOD!BUT Really if the driving system is neither realistic nor designed for control, then don't put is into main storyline! It is worth when I know there are more good stuff but stuck on a bad designed driving system."
76561198076609201,Recommended,447040,28030212,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cole,Its actually not bad
,Not Recommended,447040,28477932,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,emberfox,"uPlay asks you to log in before you can play the game offline. Dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen, my internet broke down and I couldn't play the game (I've never logged off uPlay).Crashes on main missions for some reason. When you actually find a mission that is hard enough for you to have fun with it, it crashes to desktop and make re-do your progress, very frustrating. Side missions tend to run smoothly.Game is akward and maybe boring, acting is awesome, but story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Parkour is lie, it's just pretty rolls, ledge grabs and drop jumps, it's one of those games that you can't even jump, and if you could it would make your life easier.Car damage and city damage is just as weird as watch dogs 1, but graphics are better.Gameplay is too easy to do stuff once you have the drone or the gang/911 dialing ability, call the cops or the gang members and let them kill everyone in the base, then you walk in and do your thing. Not challenging in any way and not worth the money."
,Recommended,447040,28712940,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SizZLeR,"Great game, so much better than WD1.Awesome gfx and good sfx.Physics are a bit off, but it works ok though.Hack aiming doesnt work too well. it basically picks what seems to be a rather random target within a certain range and most of the time, it picks everything besides the target youre aiming at, regardless of the ""Hack aiming assist""-setting where any setting above 0% seems to make everything even worse.Moving around in general, be it on foot or in a vehicle is quite annoying, on foot you often find yourself circling around something you wanna climb because you cant get the avatar to hit it right; like every now and then if youre in a hurry, you fall off whatever you just climbed because the avatar doesnt move like you expect and then runs or jumps over an edge unintendedly.Same goes with driving, the steering on the cars feel sluggish and even when using an analog stick controller, its still a tough job to do simple maneuvers like overtaking another car without going into an evolving left/right battle to get the car to go in the wanted direction after pulling out to make the pass.Yet, the game is tons of fun, has plenty of activities and a rather soft learning curve.Also, you can go as you like when doing missions, be it the stealth-way or the bruteforce way, spending pts for the skills that best match your preferences.Its like this game has a little bit of everything, some GTA-ish stuff like you can buy vehicles and watercrafts etc.If you enjoy the base takeovers from the FC series, you will enjoy the missions in WD2 as well as theyre alike.However, none of the nice graphics and huge open world comes for free, not only does the game cost quite a few bucks, its worth it, IF you have an 800EUR gfx card to pull it.The sys reqs says minimum GTX660, which I dont see how will even pull the game at all.Recommended says GTX780, which again, wont get you any descent framerate in fullHD res.With my old GTX970, a 4Ghz eightcore cpu and 16GB of ram, I can get 30 fps when going in ""low settings"", thats lowest possible aka, as many fps as I can possibly get and thats in 1920x1080 resolution, if I go 5760x1080 the fps drops to around 20 and thats about the highest itll get, so when an area gets crowded or lots of stuff goes down, the fps will drop even further.The game is playable on the GTX970 on a single 1920x1080 monitor where the fps works within 20-50 fps on ""High"" settings.In online COOP mode I get a lot of ""hangs"" where the game will freeze up occasionally when moving fast thru the world, like travelling across town or being in high speed pursuits.It seems like a syncing issue between the players and it is quite annoying.So if the 60 EUR pricetag would scare you off, this game is not for you, because thats petty cash compared to the 800EUR gfx card you need to buy to run the game descently.Bottom line, I recommend the game, as well as I recommend getting at least a GTX1070 to run it."
,Recommended,447040,28793739,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Figure9,Ubisoft releasing an optimized game? No way...
,Recommended,447040,28792618,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kiraman,"Really love this game, a huge leap from the first, very glad that I played this one before that one or I may have never purchased this one.Very similar to grand theft auto at times, although the hacking concept is fantastic."
,Recommended,447040,28799017,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JayFa,loving the game so far nothing like the first watch dogs (which is a good thing in my opinion) if your a bit sceptical about buying like i was just go for it im sure you wont be disapopinted.
76561198039791508,Recommended,447040,28797474,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,John Wick,It's alright like...
76561198102874620,Recommended,447040,28802353,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wolfie,"I really like this game, it crashes a little too much (enough to annoy me) but thats about it, and the frame rate gets worse when you drive a vehicle. but the story is fun with a lot of relateable characters. every character is like a different side of you, you got Josh which is like the social anxiety side of you, you got sitara which is the creative styleish side of you, horatio which is like your bro and last but not least wrench which is the rebellious side of you (with some broish and funnines to him). the graphics are great. and i like the customization you got there aswell, adds like a little personality to your gameplay."
76561197975743298,Recommended,447040,28802876,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Immortal,"My only complaint is i cant run the game at 4K. Other than that the story is good, gameplay is good.P.S Welcome to San Francisco. Play as Marcus, a brilliant young hacker, and join the most notorious hacker group, DedSec. Your objective: execute the biggest hack of history. Wtf does ""The biggest hack of history"" mean come on fellas this is supposed to be an AAA title lmao."
,Recommended,447040,28836214,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BigA,Feels like gta 5 if it came out in 2016 and had hacking XD
76561198085653287,Recommended,447040,28836824,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,"The game has improved in general - graphics, hacking, etc.  The driving is actualy good now.  The only thing i don't like is the story.  The story is more like joke and mission to fool around with others.  Watch dogs 1 while had a basic story, the game had a better mood and feeling when playing it."
76561197995944843,Recommended,447040,28833396,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FuzzySheep,"About 15 hours in and really like the game. I enjoyed WD, but I think this is a better game: great graphics with no performance issues, much improved vehicle handling (driving is fun), interesting characters, a f*&kload of gadgets, toys, and hacks to complete missions and wreak havoc. The Bay Area is well rendered and fun to explore, with tons of side missions and mini-games that are actually enjoyable to play and advance your character (not just filler). The story thus far is nothing too inventive (hipster hackers sticking it to ""the man""), but the lack of story depth has not deterred from a generally great game experience. Bought it on sale for 40 bucks...worth it? Absolutely!"
76561197997812292,Recommended,447040,28738620,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pittst0p,Awesome
,Recommended,447040,28730330,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sgt.Mays,"Compared to Watch_Dogs 1, this game is far better in several ways and Ubisoft clearly listened to the fans and made a great game.Pros:-Runs fairly well, most settings maxed out (no extra detail) and FPS is fairly good and very playable. Running on a GTX 1070 and i5 4690.-First person vehicle does not have that dumb looking DOF effect.-No more Boring Aiden!, Marcus is a much better fit.-Story is far more intresting compared to Watch Dogs 1.-The map is completly viewable from the start, no more having to unlock parts of the map.Cons:-I liked that Watch Dogs 1 had a subway system you could ride and hack, even though SF has one there is no subway in the game and you can not ride or hack the trams at all.-AI could be a bit better such as Cars moving over for sirens and just more reacting to your car.-PS4 controller supoport completly breaks if you enable controller support in big picture mode, and you have to manually setup the controller for the game in BIg picture settings as the game will think it is a Xbox one controller instead."
76561198120939109,Recommended,447040,28739132,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kaiplaysfun125,"get gta5 first then get this, its very good but gta5 runs and is a bit more fun, but yeah really fun hacking, as long as your computer doesnt crap out like mine.."
,Recommended,447040,28739257,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TREE GRASS THE DUMP CLOD,pretty fun so far. better than the first. i miss the crimefighting element tho. feels like something that cold actually happen.
76561198073372872,Recommended,447040,28764133,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alphaceph,This the game which Ubisoft has completely optimized with no bugs at all! Hats off ubi!
,Recommended,447040,28765218,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,☢MeatRoll☢,This game is Beautiful with the ultra texture pack. its Ubisoft so alot of missions become repetitve but over all im having loads of fun dont think its quit worth the 59.99 I got it on sale for like 10 bucks off and so far im happy with that.... wait for  it to go on sale and definitly pick it up :P
,Recommended,447040,28768580,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alpha Guy 2,You can complete this storyline witching 12-24 hours (main operation) . It's such a great game. Get the game while the Christmas sales. It worth....
,Not Recommended,447040,28810926,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chotato,"An aboslutley horrible PC port. Below is my exerience with the game in only 40 minutes of playtime. The majority of it was spent either alt-tabbed or shift-tabbed looking for threads on how to fix these issues. Eventually I'd decide to skip it because the game was running, and see if it got better after the intro. It got far, far worse. Everytime I decided to skip fixing a problem I would experience a much worse problem literally no more than 5 minutes later.Stutters constantly, audio desyncs because of this during gameplay and cutscenes. The framerate doesn't reach 60 at any point no matter which graphics settings I use, in fact the lower I set the settings, the worse my framerate becomes, usually sits at about a solid 20 with constant dips into the single digits. Attempting to find a fix online yeilded no help because there are so many people with this issue and all of them have different solutions. Every single thread about the stuttering and framerates had at least 7 seperate possible fixes with the majority of users replying that none worked, I'd have tried more but I wanted to make sure I didn't go over the 2 hour refund limit which I just requested after only 40 minutes. The cutscenes seemingly play overtop of each other with audio from one drowning out the audio from another, and then after one finishes, the other cutscene begins to play again.My specs are as follows:AMD FX8350 Black Edition clocked @ 4.0GhzMSI GTX 970 100ME 4GB VRAM8GB DDR3 RAMAsrock Extreme 3 MoboardIntel 120GB SSDSeagate 1TB HDD 64MB Cache 6.0Gb/sThis is an absolutley horrid PC port of a potentially fantastic game that I've been looking forward to for a few months. The fact that they released this game in this state is just spitting the face of gamers everywhere, but then again; isn't that what Ubisoft is known for?Sincerely hope Uplay doesn't ♥♥♥♥ up my ability to get a refund, if so I'm contacting Ubisoft directly and ♥♥♥♥♥ing up a storm until I get all $40.18 back."
,Recommended,447040,28811364,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DarkAttorney,"""honestly one of the best open world games ive played"""
,Recommended,447040,28826234,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,djimonia,"Pros:* Graphics are great, and the detail in the environment is excellent. Lots of care went into this, definitely* Music is good too, liked the selection of tracks for this theme* Story mission premises and objectives were mostly fun and varied; Some really fun side missions too with very few fetch-quests thankfully* Puzzling was fun, both platform/evironment puzzles and the hacking ones* Stealth gameplay works pretty well with reliable feedback and sensible AI* Gadgets and hacks can be fun to use and piece together when you get good at it* Fast travel mechanic is well-implemented (you can fast travel to stores and F&B locations as well) and helpful for getting around the city quickly, avoiding needlessly long drives later in the gameCons:* MIssion difficulty is too low at times and some missions feel like they're can be brute-forced with certain gadgets/approaches, reducing the need to be clever or use other mechanics the games offers you* Shooting is finicky and very quicky led me to prefer using just the stun gun and Trickster/Ghost mechanics instead. The stun gun is pretty OP I think - for most enemy types it's a one-shot to put them out, and harder enemies can be put out with an upgrade. It's a nice touch that they wake up by themselves after a while, though it would be helpful to know how long they stay out cold for though* I don't feel sympathy for any of the characters by the end of the game. They all feel unrelatable and have two emotional responses to everything - false outrage and bantzMy biggest criticism is that the tone of the game is all over the place - and this contributes to how unrelatable the characters are, including the ""villain.""When Horatio dies, everyone just has a sad one-liner and that's it. Immediately the focus shifts to a) get out of there, b) let's get the Tezcas, c) let's do some other stuff lulz and then Horatio is quickly forgotten about.I wasn't sure if the game was a parody of millenials or not at times - the over-the-top ""antics"" being actually quite tame or out-of-sync with the protagonists overarching goals (destroying stuff and hacking people while trying to ""protect"" them) matched with what felt the odd genuine-sounding critique of modern society (""If you're not buying the product, you are the product"" etc). It just feels sad at times, watching them destroy individual lives while in pursuit of the greater good of helping society - I mean, do they not realise the disconnect in making lame 80s action movie jokes just 5 minutes after destroying all the pipework in a city block and causing traffic pile-ups resulting in several deaths or Marcus shooting up an entire office full of security guards? I mean, the narrative shouldn't be tied to the approach (you have the option to go stealthy and minimise ""kills"" while driving) but it can't ignore it entirely!To sum up, I would give this a 8/10 given the joy I got out of the mechanics alone, though a 7/10 would be a fairer score if you were paying full value and expecting a good story (given what they premise is) and genuinely great characters. It's a reasonably priced game even when not on sale, but I didn't find it particularly replayable and I am not particularly looking forward to any of the DLC that will be on offer (from what I've seen)."
,Recommended,447040,28795094,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Urnsheme,Watch Dogs 2 is a definite Improvement over the first game. It captures the theme of being a hacker a lot better with it's stealth gameplay. While you can in theory just play the game as if it's gears of war with hacking this is clearly not the way the game was meant to be played. As for performance I will say that I was having issues at first due to a glitch in fullscreen mode that caps the fps at 30 but thanks go a guide I found in the steam community I learned it could be fixed by switching to fullscreen borderless.
76561197995870445,Recommended,447040,28761270,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Naori,Enjoyable
,Recommended,447040,28758558,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Syndicate Warrior,Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥fun af
,Recommended,447040,28759176,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hola Hola,"Well, I have completed the story and lemme tell you, if you play this game before sleeping; you are gonna think that you are trapped in one of the missions trying to solve all the mysteries, its that good.ALSOGAME DEVs pls make this game a little more harder, I played the whole game on realistic difficulty and only needed to repeat a mission or two once or twice.graphics : 9.5/10story : 10/10gameplay: 10/10online play : 7/10OVERALL: 8.5/10"
76561197986389412,Recommended,447040,28756901,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Robba^,"I'm probably half way through the story and I quite like the atmosphere, city and story in this game. It's a lot more brighter and captures more emotions than the first game did.The driving has become a tad better, but it's still not as good as I would've hoped of an open world game. The driving feels even better in old games like driver, mafia 1, and any GTA game."
,Recommended,447040,28801162,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hurchan,WatchDogs 1 was a mistake we must forget.
76561198098227242,Recommended,447040,28801479,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jmoney,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing
76561198014916468,Recommended,447040,29016132,Posted: 4 January,all,yussef961,very very good time alas too short and less than side missions than in the first game but i recomend it... bvery good graphically and you can HACK EVERYTHING
76561198120973277,Recommended,447040,29042731,Posted: 5 January,all,Cowbow707 csgoloto.com,games not opening it says that this game is owned by ME then it closes its selfplzzz helpppp
,Recommended,447040,29038468,Posted: 5 January,all,yoav sarfaty,"hours of fun, can't wait for next one!9.5/10"
76561198169783877,Recommended,447040,29038867,Posted: 5 January,all,DOGE,dis is osym game
,Recommended,447040,28906958,Posted: 1 January,all,Crimzon,"I definetaly recomend this if you are a fan of Watch_Dogs 1 or not played the first Watch_Dogs, this game is a completly diffrent tone compared to WD1 which is what the franchise should have done before hand, just a shame about some optimazion problems which hopefuly will be fixed in the next couple patches. All round i recomend this because of the story, characters and plot."
,Not Recommended,447040,29048267,Posted: 5 January,all,/ /  b o r e d o m,"This game is definitely fun and it has a lot of potential. But for some reason I cannot play it because of the fact that I can't maintain a stable 60 FPS on even low settings, which doesn't make sense because I have a high-end rig.My PC Specs:CPU: i7 4790k @4.00 GHzGPU: MSI GeForce GTX 1070 8GB Gaming XRAM: 16GBI don't understand why I can barely run this game, when everyone else claims that this game has a fantastic PC port, as far as I'm concerned it doesn't, and I strongly disagree.All of my drivers are up-to-date, if anyone else is having a similar experience or if anyone knows why and can help me fix it, please let me know, as for now I cannot recommend this game unless you have 2 1080s SLI'd and an i7 6700k or better, with atleast 32GB of RAM."
,Recommended,447040,29048402,Posted: 5 January,all,Redhotviking,"I have to say the gameplay is meh but the story is excellent.Not sure I would say it is worth the money, but it is better than GTA4 and 5. Not that it would require much to do it.As for gameplay the stealthing could use more work, same with combat, driving isnt that good either. But then again I have been spoiled with better games. The problem is that it tries to be alot of things at the same time. But the story, -whistles- the story is this game redeaming feature. I think that hackers that go after corrupted politicans, corperations and so on and leave the little guy in the street alone are heros of this day and age, and in this game you get to play someone that does just that. I never did try Watch Dog 1, mainly because of the bad reviews but if it has half as good a story as this one I will get it as it is much cheaper than Watch Dogs 2. Over all this game is definatly worth buying if it is on sale, especially if you like games similar GTA or Saints Row. But I think this game should have gone with more Alpha protocol than those types of games, the driving around is really not needed, you will be fast travling near a mission and drive the last few seconds to the locations most of the time. The hacking skills do require some exploration to unlock all of them and that I could do without, mainly because I did not enjoy the gameplay. But the Story did make me laugh and have me at the edge of my seat through out the game. If you want to get a game thats packed with action, driving cars and doing crime while evading the cops, i suggest Saints Row 3 and lower, and GTA series, but If you want to take part in a fun story then this game is worth it. I classify this as a bad game but good movie. So I will recommend it but only to those than enjoy playing games for the story.Note: this game have no choices or alternate endings that i know of, which is the only negative thing i can say about the story. I am a sucker for choices but then I am a bioware fanboy."
76561198202738812,Recommended,447040,29043642,Posted: 5 January,all,Soap,"This game looks like and probably is lots of fun, but if anyone can help me it would be great. I'm recommending this game because i've seen gameplay and it looks great. But i don't know if it's that i have an AMD card and CPU, but it will crash 40 seconds into the gameplay. I've tried every fix and none work. If anyone knows i would love to hear it."
76561198050271397,Recommended,447040,29048957,Posted: 5 January,all,Daftkicks,Alright so this game right here............................ IS EPIC !!! from the very first start of the game i was just like wow mind F@#Ked to the max all the hacking you can do is just wow way better then the first one the story of the game keeps you right there once your in you don't wanna go back to real life the music is very nice me like :p the driving is really nice very smooth the shooting that can use a little work but overall i give it 1k/10 and for the people who are having probs with lag and frame drops i don't see it tbh it's a smooth♥♥♥♥♥game to me and wrench omg he's gonna be your new bestfriend
,Recommended,447040,28992698,Posted: 3 January,all,Meeonochi,"It's actually really fun, and with a few minor adjustments, runs well too!"
,Recommended,447040,29009356,Posted: 4 January,all,Nebukadnesar,Yes
,Recommended,447040,29034964,Posted: 5 January,all,Årctisch,"Best game of 2016, just wow. It was awsome"
76561197979495193,Recommended,447040,29037274,Posted: 5 January,all,shark2,Super good !
,Recommended,447040,29023675,Posted: 4 January,all,ET,"I took approximately 28 hours to complete the majority of side quests in the game, and finish the main game. I did not fast travel once, as I actually enjoyed driving the cars in this game. The game is fun, the only bad part is the stereotypical hacker stuff, and the memes."
,Recommended,447040,29025317,Posted: 4 January,all,hem,San Francisco Edgy Hipster Simulator 2016
76561198012677098,Recommended,447040,29024579,Posted: 4 January,all,rah,Hipster simulator 2K17
,Recommended,447040,29033301,Posted: 5 January,all,Bob,"Ahh... I've put 40 hours into this game and I've only had it for about 5 days, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,447040,29028189,Posted: 4 January,all,radker / WarOwls #1 Fan,PSA: Currently needs quad core to run!
76561198038053877,Recommended,447040,28728406,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BlackFang.ZA,Love the game can get repetitive at times but the story is good and has a lot of humor to it.
,Recommended,447040,28728524,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rashed4speed,"I preordered the game, and it was worth it. the new RC car and Drone are so much fun to play with"
,Recommended,447040,28731504,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Grant Badmeme.com,"Ubisoft actually made a game that's just plain fun, buy this you wont regret it"
76561197992230425,Recommended,447040,29077705,Posted: 6 January,all,Li Doggomasa,"Hopefully this marks an upward trend for Ubisoft. Even though there are some integral elemtents to the game that are severly lacking, just the joy and fun of playing the game itself completely makes up for it."
,Not Recommended,447040,29069061,Posted: 6 January,all,Hippiender,i absoloutely loved the game yet there are serious performance issues with this thing i havent seen any game run this hitchy on my machine its like 50-55fps down to even 15 and back up repeatedly i even tried very low settings but the thing wouldnt improve on the hitches so i returned the game hope they correct it in future but as of now i cant recommend this game to anyone in its current state.anyone wondering about my system specs then its just a 960m with 6700hq yes i know i cant run on 1080p ultra but i should atleast be able to run on 720p low that im sure.:)
76561198157283815,Recommended,447040,29080570,Posted: 6 January,all,PaperFan,Love the game much better then the first one!
,Recommended,447040,29085766,Posted: 7 January,all,✪StorM,"WD2 is actually a pretty good game, one of my new favourites, but it still has some crash issues etc."
76561198152338360,Recommended,447040,29086329,Posted: 7 January,all,Nino,"Very Interesting , this is a good game ."
76561198089437757,Recommended,447040,29088648,Posted: 7 January,all,⎛⎝OtterWarPath⎠⎞,The most fun ive had in an modern day open world rpg in a long time.Co Ops is great and adds great random fun moments.The cop chases can be intense.Likelable and geeky characters.
76561198282898315,Recommended,447040,29087148,Posted: 7 January,all,muzzism,"Great game, its super fun. There are different ways to approach every mission. Only one issue- FPS drops. Ubisoft, please fix the FPS issues on PC, it just drops while driving."
,Recommended,447040,28909066,Posted: 1 January,all,1jer0,"Played the first 15 hours of the game without touching the main mission at all, that says a lot about the fun aspect of the game.Pros:- Vibrant Characters. Marcus, and his whole gang are a bunch of unique characters that I've ever seen in videogames. It is easy to love each of them, especially Wrench, but my personal favorite is Horatio, that dude is so cool and you can tell he has that special bond with Marcus. I love that guy.- Colorful and lively city of SF. Loving the graphics.- Unique hacking skills like never seen before to complete missions.- Smooth movement when running, jumping, or aiming.- Clothes! from hipsters to corporate tools to biker gangs, it is just so fresh and fun.- Fast travel. This might be a negative to others because it is too convenient, but I find this feature to be helpful and saves much much time. I mean it's not like we don't have any other games to play, am I right?- Fun and actually interesting main stories, not complicated, and infiltrating some places was really fun- Online feature. Runs smooth and fun.Cons:- Vehicles options are too few, espcially motorcycles. Hopefully there is some expansion in the future.- Saw more guys in a relationship with each other than the usuals. I mean really.Overall, I would recommend it. Some say this is a GTA clone with hacking as an added feature. I say to heck with it, I love GTA V, who cares if this game is like a duplicate of them, I love open world modern cities game like this or GTA, plus the story and characters are original and fun.9/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,29083162,Posted: 7 January,all,shogun1953,"EAC is a garbage.It prevent you from accessing multiplayer because most of the time it always misconnect and now it does't   recognise itself whether it was installed or not made you completely cutoff from multiplayer.Customer support suggestion is restart your game every time it happens,just wow. it was the worst customer support suggestion ever,only consider buying this for singleplayer only"
,Recommended,447040,29066688,Posted: 6 January,all,Vape,"I preordered this and it did not disappoint! Great game with a great story, but can get old kinda fast. They need to add car customization, not just skins but actualy customization. That would be my biggest reccomendation!Anyways overall great game:)"
,Recommended,447040,29079270,Posted: 6 January,all,͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,"Great campaign, seamless multiplayer, rated 11/10"
76561198069961240,Recommended,447040,29079924,Posted: 6 January,all,chedderd,"Great game bug constant lag frustrates me, and i hear everyone talking about how the game is greatly optimised but according to geforce experience and canirunit and the specs listed on the page, i should be able to run everything at ultra and very high but thats not the case, i get constant stutter when driving and in seamingly random places. heres my specs: 8GB Ram, GTX 970, and a Intel I7-6700 CPU @3.40 GHz, im hoping i could find a fix or ubisoft patches this but the latter probably wont happen as it seems i am a part of the few experiencing problems (i know im not the only one though because i see others also complaining about it, even people with 1080's) All in all i recommend it, but maybe wait for the next patch to roll in or something as you may be one of the ones to experience the same probelm i am"
,Recommended,447040,29072930,Posted: 6 January,all,[Fin] RasseTheBoy,"A really good game 8.5/10.Loved every minute, except those times the game juts started to drop frames like crazy (from a solid 40 to a ground breaking 2). But that only happened like 7-9 times under the playthrough.I found some bugs in the game. For example if you play multiplayer and call gang members/police on somebody, the ""hack"" doesn't work anymore after that. You have to restart the game to make it work again.Another bug that I found was that you can go anywhere with the jumper. I even found some fances that you could clip through. And some places seemed impossible to get to. But with just a few jumps with the jumper and you skipped a whole section.Would like to write more. But my parents are yelling at me, because I have to go to slee :/"
,Recommended,447040,29068522,Posted: 6 January,all,Ech0sphere,"This game is awesome, smooth mechanics, great multiplayer activities and amazing display, the only con is that ultra settings take up a lot of your VRAM, but other than that, one of the best games released in 2016; way better than the 1st Watch Dogs"
76561198133573661,Recommended,447040,29076709,Posted: 6 January,all,NOPE!,Good Game!.  But The Cpu Usage is Very High Please Fix it !!!
,Recommended,447040,29077174,Posted: 6 January,all,Cluckster,"This game will make you hunt for missions, and things to do. The only thing lacking about this game is that it feels like there is so little but in reality there is a whole lot."
,Recommended,447040,29057781,Posted: 6 January,all,Anthony,"If you liked the first Watch Dogs, then get this game because pretty much everything that was wrong with the first game is fixed in this one."
,Recommended,447040,29068177,Posted: 6 January,all,Desync,"I enjoyed it a lot! Story is average but I went in with no expectations and really enjoyed the dialogue and the characters! It can get really funny at times and there are some really nerdy references for those who are into that.The gameplay is fun and sandboxy. There are no hard limits (4ex: ""Can I stack these things on top of each other and get up there without unlocking that door first?"" ""Sure go for it! But make sure you also have a plan on how to get out ;)"" ) It allows for multiple playstyles (70% of the mission can be completed from a safe distance just by sending you drones and activating traps and such). This applies for multiplayer as well where I had a lot of great moments and surely you will as well. Also the AI is really well balanced in my opinion, police chases are fun and you have your difficulty options for better tuning.There are a lot and I mean A LOT of hidden collectibles/side activities in the game. You need to go around the map and explore otherwise you won't even be able to complete your skill tree.Only 2 players CO-OP mission so be aware of that but you can have more than 1 ally only in the bounty hunt game mode; also I saw up to 3 enemies (1 target and 2 protectors) so I think it can even go up to 3v3 but if you want to play with your friends only one at a time :/Also you have a music player app in-game but can't use it to play custom songs? What's up with that? It would be a really useful feature to have because the music stops or the volume lowers automatically whenever necessary to better hear the dialogue.I had some annoying moments with players that disconnected right before the moment they were about to lose in invasion mode. Why even do that because there is no penalty for losing... on the contrary there's even a reward for participation. This is more on the players and not the game but still woth mentioning.Othar than that the game runs very well on my laptop and I've got nothing to complain performance-wise. Actually on second though there is something: We need more audio sliders!"
,Recommended,447040,29065058,Posted: 6 January,all,TwitchTv/ProductNV,Can't believe ubisoft made this. Must be a ghost developer doing it for them.
76561198129957587,Not Recommended,447040,29063837,Posted: 6 January,all,Lysan,"This is a good game, however I cant give it the thumps up due to constant CTD.And no it not my PC as this is only happening in this game."
,Recommended,447040,29061489,Posted: 6 January,all,SnprR,"Brilliant story and very unique gameplay! Watch Dogs 2 uses the same tools as the original but in more depth and more detail, with the addition of great and hilarious characters!"
76561198013027885,Recommended,447040,29060974,Posted: 6 January,all,JayPi,"As someone who realy couldn't get into GTA V because I personally didn't really like many of the characters beyond Franklin, I have to say I REALLY like this game, the biggest focus of the game is ""F U N"" the plot is cheesy ""hacker"" type story about a group of 20somethings trying to take down some mega security corporation, and everything goofy and funny that goes with that along the way.From what i've heard so far i've heard pop culture references from Star Wars to Johnny 5, and this is just in the side missions which are actually REALLY fun and creative, I like how the use of hacking and your bots allows you to tackle missions multiple ways if you feel the need to, for example, in the same mission i can go in stealty and non lethal using just my stun gun and hacking gadgets that are non lethal, or I can go in competely off hand and use my ground bot or flying drone to move me behind enemy lines without my character physically being there, OR I can go in guns blazing which is a bit out of character for the game but the option is there...personally i've been trying to go non lethal, but I gave up and kinda mostly reserve killing for accidental explosions or running over people.Also the movement system is something I want to bring up, it's pretty simple but you just hold a button to basically leap over obstacles and climb up thing, it's nothing really super special buuuuut it adds to the gameplay imo,  it's nothing huge I just wanted to mention it.The sandbox itself is really beautiful, I've only been to San Francisco once but I often find myself amazed by the detail and scenery they put into this game, heck I even get impressed by all the locations I can go, I went on a mortorcycle ride around the map and i found a beach with alot of people and they were playing with dogs and what not, I know it seems silly to have such a littel detail like DOGS, but it actually help makes the world feel alive.Ubisoft Montreal went out of their way for this one imo, there's tons of little details that make the world great, from the character conversations, to the text they send one another, to simple little thing like how people react when you hit their car, usually with cursing you out and wanting to fight.It's really neat to unlock new hacking features and just seeing how the world around you reacts to the things you do or how you can tackle new missions, for example, you unlock an ability to call the cops or gangs on certain people which in turn you can use during a mission and start some kind of war between factions, like a gang vs the cops, or gang vs gang, or you can just get someone arrested, as I said, it's cool to just mess around and see ""What if""ALSO MISSIONS ARE REPLAYABLE, WHICH I LOVE CAUSE ITS FAST AND SEAMLESS.Another thing they got right is the multiplayer, it's fun to drive around and hunt down other player in bounty hunt mode, or even team up with them and allow them to help you solve multiple open world problems, or just even play around, it's all pretty much seamless as far as I can tell, and unlike GTA Online it's not bogged down by trolls.Performance wise the game AT FIRST was giving me a bit of issues and I was concerned with all the performance issues people were having, then I decided to take the plunge, and after messing with certain settings i'm getting mostly 60FPS with V sync on, with little to no drops in frames except when a lot of actions are going on, this is all on a GTX 970 with an intel i5 3500K cpuDon't go expecting GTA IV or Red Dead Redemptions level of deepness in the plot, or Saint Row now super over the top story/gameplay,  what you get here is a comfortable BUT GOOD middle ground of the two delving into topics that other games don't really go into (Cyber security, internet predators, corporate warfare, as well as some other topics I won't spoil)I know Ubisoft gets a lot of flack for their open world games and dumb choices sometimes, games like Assassin's Creed or silly micro transactions or something seem lame, but they also make a lot of creative choices and take risk with their games and sometimes it pay off, this is one of those times, Watch_Dogs 2 is my open world GOTY.TL;DR: Good game, Decent but Fun story, Fun cast, Great world, Pretty good/Seamless Multiplayer, also perfomance may vary."
76561198011898348,Recommended,447040,29055186,Posted: 6 January,all,The Stag,"A prime Example of a 7/10. Not a bad game, has some great moments but feels like less then the sum of its parts when viewed as whole."
76561198142782566,Recommended,447040,29007624,Posted: 4 January,all,Stiles.,"Hello. I purchased this game over the steam winter sale because my friend had just bought it and wanted someone to play with, but the thing is my Uplay account says ""A problem has occured or you must go online to log in."" Initally I read on the Ubisoft forums that when steam downloaded Watch_Dogs 2 the verision of uplay I installed was old and I needed to update it. Well I did download the Uplay installer and when I re-downloaded Uplay i was able to launch the game. So I thought I fixed the problem but after I returned from a week long vacation I went to play the game and again I got the same error so I once again re-downloaded Uplay and I clicked the box ""Run Uplay When Finished Downloading"" and that is the only way I can run Watch Dogs 2. One other fact is that I did purchase Far Cry 4 when it was released almost 2 years ago and everything was fine but after experiencing issues with Watch Dogs I tried to run Far Cry 4 and again the same issue occured. Other than this annoying bug that I have, the game is great, the multiplayer missions are a ton of fun and I defintely reccomend the game to others but if you know how to fix the problem Im having that would be great, thanks!"
,Recommended,447040,29005798,Posted: 4 January,all,shaunxdlol,Gud Gaym
,Recommended,447040,29005909,Posted: 4 January,all,Worst,Aside from the old memes this game is great. Pretty fun with friends also
,Recommended,447040,28722999,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,16-bit destruction,"It's a fun game, but I a lot of simple things like stepping in a car are sometimes a problem. When I press ""E"" on a car I walk towards the door, but I can't get in. The solution is another car. When I want to do some browsing on the web my mouse is real slow, I have to close the game to do something else beside watch dogs 2. Still I recommend it because I like it"
,Not Recommended,447040,28720637,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,orlop.cz,"Still very repetitive gameplay, buggy and under-par linear story. Buy in some crazy sale in the future, certainly not worth the money now."
,Recommended,447040,28742636,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wish Everything Was Perfect,Love the game and love how you can play with your friends. Really need to find a cool game to play with my best friend and this is game was it
,Not Recommended,447040,28743747,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bolteaser,"I've spent the best part of 2 hours trying to get this game to run, its so disappointing since i was really looking forward to playing this. Wont load beyond the intial launching interface. Its sad that in an effort to stop pirates from stealing this game that they've also made it unplayable.Really wanted to like this game"
,Recommended,447040,28729316,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,C O R E,Great Game. Took 20 hours to complete main campaign.
76561198120393682,Recommended,447040,28694819,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dtool13,"First of all, I've barely scratched the surface at this point. Really enjoyed the original. So far I've not been disappointed. New challenges and twists on familiar ones. Beautiful graphics. No hiccups in gameplay. Thumbs up!i7-4790k @ 4GHz"
,Recommended,447040,28896424,Posted: 1 January,all,Chandler R Wang,Gut
,Recommended,447040,28886401,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,starmech,"Very great game, especially since I just recently purchased a GTX 1080 FTW, the high res texture pack for the game."
,Recommended,447040,28901049,Posted: 1 January,all,Slice,"I like this game. :)-cons and bugs.Bug where game chrashes randomly, can be annoying especially when you are in the middle of a mission.The wanted meter thing dont dissapear, only way to fix is by killing yourself.Somewhat simple gameplay, not that much variety in puzzles and whatnot..Civilians/ai is way to overeactive.When in multiplayer you die as a hunter for example it says that the other people left the session which is not true because i left the session by dying, idk this just pisses me off for some reason.-Pros.The dialoge between wrench and Marcus is 5 star content.The game actually hit me in the feels.Interesting missions that are fun.Lots of gameplay (40 hours+ with side missions and main mission).Stealthy.Ok-good music that can be turned on everywhereAll in all i recommend this game, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,447040,28753466,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hello am Pewdiepie we sex now,"911 dispatcher: ""911 what's your emergency?""Lady that just witnessed columbine recreated: ""it's an emergency! send help!"""
,Recommended,447040,28753913,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PunisheR,BEST GAME EVER !!!!
76561198313133686,Recommended,447040,28754628,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,YD,perfect time to buy ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,447040,28754830,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,compro,"was not exspecting the story and game to be as good as it is, and the driving OMG the driving is fun"
76561198060383599,Recommended,447040,28755326,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,VIrumZz,What Assassins Creed 2 did for the AC series. Revitailised. Must get
,Recommended,447040,28758343,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,william_petrucci,"This game looks beautiful and nicely optimized. Gameplay wise compared to previous entry, this sequel over more variation in hacking method, allow creativity when approaching combat situation. This is an example of sequel done right. Good job, ubisoft"
76561198278332197,Recommended,447040,28871977,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ShottyG4,"If U like sneaking kind of stuff, this will be game you are looking for. ENJOY IT !"
76561198015580357,Recommended,447040,28872414,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MÁgNuM™,to eazy
76561197990249292,Recommended,447040,28872651,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Chedabob,"Pleasantly surprised with how good it actually is. Nothing it does is outstanding, but as a whole the game is fun to play. I've put 33 hours in and just finished the main story, so there's plenty of stuff to do."
76561198079727188,Recommended,447040,28884294,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TreyBocxMeowQuack:,Ubisoft really stepped up their game from Watch Dogs 1.  Am really looking forward to what Ubisoft has to offer in 2017
,Recommended,447040,28884739,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LokiSmoki™,10/10
76561198242185778,Recommended,447040,28877611,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rival921,"highly recommended!!super amazing graphics par with gta v.story no so much, but the game is overly satisfiying, if you wanna play gta V with hackers on it, this product is right for you.!"
76561198019872781,Recommended,447040,28878040,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JimmyASS,"Everything are good, but the optimization for pc version seems not good.I run the game very smooth, but there are sometime stuttering/lag for seconds.After that it resume normal, don't know why"
,Recommended,447040,28890947,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KING,Best game of 2016! This game is what Watch Dogs should have been. So many things to do in the open-world. Many techniques to finish missions. I have a 21:9 monitor (2560x1080) which thank god they support it. I would recommend you to buy the game. San Francisco looks amazing in this game. Peds AI. is awesome randomly when you are walking in the streets you'll see people smashing there soon to be ex girlfriend winshield. They made the Pedestrians realistic in this game.
76561198088914543,Recommended,447040,28894087,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vendetta,Just buy it. You wont be dissapointed at all.
76561198125965315,Not Recommended,447040,28769621,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Phoenix King567,can some one help. Game wont start up becasue uplay wont start up. already tried uninstalling and reinstalling
76561198085310972,Recommended,447040,28855776,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jet Engine,"Finally a game with a story line! I have been looking for a a good game for awhile and always thought watch dogs was a potentially good game, I bought it and have not stopped playing it! This game is great since you have to do many missions to improve your skills and become a more intelligent hacker. DedSec should be real, cause who does not want to steal money and crash stupid drivers cars? Yup this game has me hooked and not letting go anytime soon."
,Recommended,447040,28855932,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DJ_Zephyr,"A massive game, in both breadth and depth.  Storytelling and voice acting are a step up from the original.  Both the characters and artwork are a lot more colorful and enjoyable.  San Francisco is huge and beautifully rendered, from city streets to the parks, wilderness, and the bay itself.  Hacking has been expanded with context menus for many objects, adding more ways to approach challenges.  The game often feels like a platformer, with tons of ways to move around the environment, from cranes and scissor lifts to improved parkour.  RC cars and drones give you new ways to scout the environment, alongside riding security cameras and the usual stealth.  Tons of side content will keep you busy after the main story - side missions, scavenger hunts and photography are just a few of the activities Frisco has to offer.Audio options could use some work, as there are no settings for surround sound and there's no way to adjust the volume of the in-game music except to turn it off.  AMD drivers seem to be having issues ATM, but a rollback to 16.11.5 fixed the main crashing issue.  Game runs well and looks nice (usually 60FPS @ 1600x900) at mid-to-low settings on an FX-6300 and R9-380.If you liked the original Watch_Dogs, or if you like open-world, GTA-style games, you should give WD2 a chance."
76561198022567232,Recommended,447040,28879178,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BurkHart,Fun game.
,Recommended,447040,28880203,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dest,Cyberscrumnptious
76561198130111743,Recommended,447040,28879015,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DocVenomz,really good game. a lot better than the first watc dogs. i would recommend this game to anyone. overall good game
,Recommended,447040,28826738,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cityuser,"This is my best game of all time.It really nails it in world design, dialogue and, mostly, graphics. It's stunning. Standing on top of the golden gate bridge   was one of the best moments for me. Just so amazing.The plot is good, but not brilliant. This isn't a problem though, thanks to the characters who I sympathize with. Their   personality is just amazing.Sadly, the ending was meh and the final mission was a piece of cake, much easier than even some of the optional cosmetic locations. The shooting is great, and the hacking makes everything come alive. It shows you the world from a   different view.The campaign is (for me) around 30 hours which is quite a lot. And that's not even close to 100%'ing it, as there are   races, a tech tree and loads of guns. It reminds me of GTA in that aspect, but with the hacking, it's a new take.Also, I get to drive a taco truck into a gang.#HACK_THE_WORLD10/10"
,Recommended,447040,28909035,Posted: 1 January,all,SpartaC,Honestly this game is amazing the gameplay the online features and everything this shoots watchdogs  1 out of the water by far and the online bounty hunter feature is my favourite basiclly lets say you shoot a bunch of civillians and the cops chase you once you pass 5 marks and the swat is on you they start inviting other online players to kill you for a bounty and stuff like this makes the game a lot less lonely
,Recommended,447040,28905179,Posted: 1 January,all,22/7,"Graphics and gameplay wise this game is good and better than the first one. Has multiple approches to one particular situation and player is free to chose any one or combine multiple either. What this game lacks is a good driving experience, although the city is mapped in a very good way but one would not really enjoy just driving around to pass time. Would recommend if you're looking for a good story and are ready to overlook micro graphics details."
76561197993285688,Recommended,447040,28905201,Posted: 1 January,all,Hawkeye,"Love this game, Highly recommend if you like Open world, RPG, FPS and Stealth.  Just finished my first play-through and I will definately play again.  Excellent Story, Character Development and Missions. I didn't get the hang of playing stealthy until the end of my game.  But the game was completely doable as an action FPS too, though probably a little tougher since on average, I had to replay many missions a 2nd and 3rd time to actually complete them. I liked the first Watchdogs game, But this one has many improvements.  I give this game 10/10.  Ubisoft did a great job."
76561198087786244,Recommended,447040,28905550,Posted: 1 January,all,DJSPOOKY,the game is great....apart from the fps stutter. i have a very high end pc and it still stutters. but other than that its a great improvement over the last game.
76561198134664908,Recommended,447040,28908451,Posted: 1 January,all,KennyAkaShaft,Ignore anyone that says this game is bad because the first one wasn't good. It's a completely new idea. I highly recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,447040,28907499,Posted: 1 January,all,The Snake,"I cannot remember since when I enjoyed playing a game this much.Gameplay is amazing, total thumbs up. Ubisoft indeed made an apology for first Watch_Dogs by releasing this second part.Storyline isn't that amazing as gameplay itself, you get to play as a (to say it vague) ""punk hacker guy"", rather than a dangerous vengeance-seeking badass, that has nothing to loose. - Though this is my personal opinion, some may find this part fun.In total though, it became one of my favorite games that I'll be feedbacking forever."
,Recommended,447040,28907777,Posted: 1 January,all,Jack (Vincentius),"Excellent game. I really enjoyed this, and got almost 50 hours gameplay from it too. Well worth the purchase."
76561198022251279,Not Recommended,447040,28902594,Posted: 1 January,all,Lupy,"The lag / stutter when driving makes the game unplayable, one to dust off when its patched me thinks :("
76561198316779882,Recommended,447040,28690934,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Stresaut,nice the best game i ever play
76561198029646551,Recommended,447040,28776480,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SS-1LE,"Way better than the first, the stealth was fun, combat worked well in most situations,the hacking was a little more interesting than the first game aswell and it is a pretty good looking game graphically. The game does seem to suffer from some optimization problems though. Ultra@1440p had my 6700k and 1080 dipping below 60fps in most scenarios and at times while driving fast in the rain falling as low as ~35fps, so be aware of that. Good game overall"
76561198121301997,Recommended,447040,28843242,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Blackblastie,Tons of fun and the story is great.  Loving it so far.
76561198079498896,Not Recommended,447040,28846485,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EMILY BE MINE,Who knows if it's a good game because I couldn't play it for literally 5 seconds without it freezing. Spent 2 hours on attempting to fix it even with my computer easily outperforming the minimum specs. Waste of time.
76561198109468516,Recommended,447040,28841315,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sir. RR,Its an awesome game and the graphics is good. I like that some missions is quit challenged and fun.But what i wished they could add is that you can buyt houses. and have like the crew/safehouse in different houses and all that!But the game is AWESOME
,Recommended,447040,28836813,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ChillDad35,"Despite the constant studdering issues  (I have a GTX 1070) this game is really fun! It requires you having to fix some stuff (see the guides on steam) for most of the stuttering to be fixed. The characters even though come of as cringy for lack of a better word, each character is likeable, especially the guy with the mask.I rate this game HACK THE PLANET/10!"
76561198066671422,Recommended,447040,28992149,Posted: 3 January,all,Triggerxxscopes,i find this game to be very very good. Compared to the first one this game is beyond amazing. The first one was a huge let down and got boring fast. Watchdogs 2 is fun and interesting. i bought it feeling like i wasted money untill i started playing it and i loved it. ive only played 3 full hours but its amazing so far and the missions arent repetitive.I would totally recomend this come to anyone i know.
,Recommended,447040,28992175,Posted: 3 January,all,Zdubleu,"I'll be honest, I liked Watch_Dogs® way better than the second one. With that being said, this game was still pretty great. All the fun hacks and lack of skill shooting makes this what i need in a game. Casual is better for me. I think I would like this better if it wasn't in such a crappy city but hey, gotta appeal to everything."
76561198059701905,Recommended,447040,28999905,Posted: 4 January,all,Patchouli,"Really awesome game and the story mode is fun. Also, ubisoft needs to fix the cpu temperatures."
,Recommended,447040,28999707,Posted: 3 January,all,C6H8O7,"The goodThe main characters are diverseCompared to the first game there are new and/or improved gameplay elements, liek the addition of RC toys and gang callingThe game has a lot more personality compared to the first. It doesn't take itself too seriously and it has a well-defined visual styleThe soundtrack is pretty greatBetter overal MC-AI interactions; unlike the first game it's highly unlikely you'll get the cops called for stealing a car.There's enough activities and missions to do that the game doesn't feel empty in the way of content.The world is highly detailed, there's always multiple ways to complete a level, all of the brands are somewhat well established and even if you can't figure out what they are their names are pretty telling.The game feels like it's actually in 2016, aside from the obvious Big Brother all-encompassing surveillance thing. It's believable.On that note, I appreciate them letting you know you're entering the last mission when you do.TheokayThe story is sort of meh. There's not much memorable about it, and it doesn't feel effective. In essence you expect to see the effects of the big bad guy you're fighting against, but you don't reallysee it, only hear about it. I've heard other reviewers say it's as though you never truly live in the world, and I agree. There's more that could be expanded on and delved into or looked at, sort of like the first game did withhuman trafficking.*Ubisoft took that autistic computer genius stereotype that everyone got tired of game devs doing on accident and flew in and did it on purpose. I've never laugehed so hard at a game.The parkour is sort of iffy. You can get around pretty well but sometimes it's hit-or-miss if you can get over a building gap, for example.While the game has new personality, at times it comes off as cringey and very tryhard. Sitara for example looks like she's skirting along the edge of being one of thoselolzzz holds up spork rawr means i love you in dinosaur XDDDDDddtypes or like she never grew out of being a scene kid. Also, Ubi + memes.Aiden gets a brief mention. I'm not sure of the purpose of it, but he got it.The badHere's where that (*) comes in: the lack of depth is bothokayand terrible. It would be unbearable if everything was a PTSD flashback like the last game, but it doesn't feel there's a whole lot in the way of character development or establishing a background. Why should I care if X character dies for example? I can't. Also, I'll never stop finding it odd how quickly you can go from killing people and whitnessing death/dead first hand and then completely forgetting about it come next scene.I could never tell you what any of the characters are worth remembering for besidesRay and Marcus.. Who are these people and are they notable besides the specific skills they offer to their team?Back to the first point:While I like Wrench, I genuinely think Wrench and Sitara are cheesy and they stick out. It's as though the devs don't know how young adults act. Horatio, Josh, and Marcus are all somewhat believable, though.The game performssopoorly. I run with a FTW 1070 and a 6600k overclocked to 4.5GHz and had so many crashes, random FPS drops (of course that's expected with any game, but not to this degree) and CPU spikes, despite playing with similar graphics settings as the first game. It improves slightly if graphics are lowered but the game still randomly crashes.The ending was lackluster and typical.It's so glitchy. Towards the end, for example, I couldn't activate grandes that were clearly in my line of sight until I had already died 3 times.The bad guy doesn't feel like the bad guy.You think you're fighting against Big Brother when in reality, you don't know if Big Brother has fallen after the story ends. True Big Brother, I mean. While the 'villian' is introduced in the very beginning, he doesn't feel truly evil. He just feels like Ubi's attempt at a whitty jerkThe mood's a little inconsistent and too happy all things considered. There's nothing wrong with humor, but there's also no remorse,  very little sadness, very little anger - only passing mentions. Emotionally it's not effective. I really felt the more hearsh reality of Watch_Dogs, even though Aiden wasa a complete rock and the game could have used improvements, but I can't say the same for this game.OverallI'd probably never pay more than I did for this game (about 40$ when it went on sale). Recommending it if it were on sale. Like the last game, the concept fo Big Brother is interesting to see put into to play but it doesn't stand out."
,Recommended,447040,29000171,Posted: 4 January,all,Sedim,Good fun.  Enjoyed the multiplayer aspects.Could have had more emergent gameplay from the interactions with NPCs but the missions give plenty of content.
,Recommended,447040,28990500,Posted: 3 January,all,Socksyyy,Characters in this game are amazingly well developed and the gameplay is really fun.
76561198132958660,Recommended,447040,28752216,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lone Griever,"Amazing game.There are many things that are good and bad about this game.Pros:1. Story, the story is amazing, and the personality of the other characters in the game is amazing.2. Graphics. The graphics in this game are amazing. Although, I would like better brightness settings.3. Interactions with npcs. Interactions with npcs is amazing, and funny.4. Npc conversation. Npc conversation is funny.5. Movement. Movement is crisp and satisfying, especially far movement.6. Car movement. Car movement is very grippy, although it seems slow compared to other games.Cons:1. System requirements. This game can only be run well with an amazing system. If you have a system that just reaches the limits, I don't suggest this game.2. Lack of cars. There are not that many cars as compared to watchdogs competition.Thank you for reading my review, I hope it helped you."
76561198271444860,Recommended,447040,28781795,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Major Jackoff,"Alright lemme simplify this game for ya.PROS: Player character is no longer the brooding, angsty ""bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; that they tried to sell you with the first game. Marcus is adventerous and takes his mission for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.The PvP is a lot more vaired then ""Sit in corner and hack your target who will run around shooting hoping to scare off NPCs."" It's still a bit meh TBH.Driving. Feels similar to a Need For Speed game and less like a bunch of RC cars smashing into each other like the first game.The RC gadgets are fun. Seriously. Well, okay...the flying one is. Could care less about the two wheeled one unless it's forced upon me. (Which isn't often thankfully.)It really looks like San Fran, districts, places of interest and stuff. The traffic isn't as bad though, thank christ.Soundtrack is filled with Bay Area artists as well as just CA artists in general. Never knew I liked Mac Dre until I heard him in this game.CONS: Hacking seems to take a bit of a back seat beyond ""Go to X, hack the box with your hands or RC car. Trigger blackouts, disrupt traffic and etc""Shooting is...Whatever. You shoot stuff, disable aim assist if you want a challenge. Nothing bad or good about it. More of a meh then a con. The real con is that the guns you have to choose from are generally just ""Hey, look...A slightly better version then that free one you have.""Side operations or quests are kind of shallow. For several of them I didn't even have to get out of my car. They feel like they were added just to pad your game time.Money and Economy system: Uhh....I bought 3 guns and the Heli-drone thing. Oh, and I bought some clothes. Guns can be picked up off enemies for free, cars are plentiful, no real exclusive ones to buy.Mini-Games: I miss chess, and drinking games...The VR shooter♥♥♥♥♥♥was cool too! Too bad that all got replaced by sailing, yuck, E-Kart races...K? and being an uber driver. ""Okay,um....Neat?""Make your own choices about what you like, but I personally recommend it at it's current sale price of 40USD, but not at full price."
76561197996002534,Recommended,447040,28782523,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kornjerker,yeah
76561198207611609,Recommended,447040,28783355,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Deak28,"Loving it so far! Very well done game and its quite entertaining. But there is performance issues and poorly optimzation for the game. But if you can deal with it and get passed the annoying stuttering at times, you'll have a lot of fun playing!"
,Recommended,447040,29004753,Posted: 4 January,all,Coby,10/10 Would hack city again
,Recommended,447040,28989669,Posted: 3 January,all,FRICIOUS W33333DGOOOOOODD,My GOTY 2016So many good things-Final fight tested what you learned throughout the game.-Characters had personality (unlike the game before it).-Story was acctually interesting.-Everytime you die it's your fault and not the game ♥♥♥♥ing up.Only a few of problems.-The multiplayer is awful.-Not much to do after you're done with singleplayer.-A few non-game breaking bugs.
76561198093111143,Recommended,447040,28988141,Posted: 3 January,all,SNAKE,"All in all I would recommend this game BUT at a discounted price. Why? Here are the pros and cons:Pros:Great characters that are much more interesting than the dude with the “iconic” coat in the first game.Infiltrating enemy bases using your hacking abilities is a lot of fun.The remote controlled car and the quadcopter give you various possible ways of completing the missions.Side missions are interesting.Cons:Story gets off to a great start but I feel like it gets too complicated later on and I just stopped caring,the part where they kill Horatio was especially BS.The open world is a lot less interesting and detailed than GTAV’s one for example.OMG the checkpoints… you can spend 45 min on a mission, complete almost all objectives only to get killed at the very end and have to start all over again! So frustrating!!!!!I don't think the driving mechanics are very good.It's not clear which objects you are able to climb and which you can crouch behind."
76561198071700452,Recommended,447040,28982162,Posted: 3 January,all,Toasted Brain,I'd dare say it's more fun than GTA
,Recommended,447040,28982200,Posted: 3 January,all,⎝◥▶ᴥ◀◤⎠PhoenixGaming⎝◥▶ᴥ◀◤⎠,It's a very nice game first day no issues but on the second day it crashes within 1min - 1hr.
,Recommended,447040,28982631,Posted: 3 January,all,mrdefender,"I fell in love with Watch Dogs (1) and Watch Dogs 2 did not disapoint. The story is inviting, the gameplay has improved, the hacking is better and wider. Plenty of pop culture references I actually get and it follows current events nicely.If you loved or even liked Watch Dogs, you'll love this one."
76561198049489131,Recommended,447040,28886445,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,קรץςђเς ฬคשє,"What the first one should have been like. It's about time you made a good game, Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,447040,28886697,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gold Roger,"Open World, a large city, MEGA HACKING MOOD ON!you can hack everything; electericty, computers, systems, servers, cars, cameras, robots, cell phones, bank accounts, doors, even government filesand you'll have lots of fun :)"
,Recommended,447040,28998026,Posted: 3 January,all,mad,"better than the first, different playstyles possible, pretty fun overall"
76561198177256293,Recommended,447040,28998035,Posted: 3 January,all,KareMulesturz,dank game
76561198080064891,Recommended,447040,29154208,Posted: 9 January,all,Zitch,I found a vegen that was eating peperoni pizza.
,Recommended,447040,29154493,Posted: 9 January,all,...,gamenya berat anjiiing
,Recommended,447040,29065465,Posted: 6 January,all,Kyro,"+Incredible attention to detail.+Realilistic Cops that don't instantly know where you are if you shoot once in the forest... like some games.... >.>+You can't take a ton of damage, you rely on your abilities.+40+ hours and im still working on the main mission. Probably half way or so, not certain.+Good performance, no frame rate drops.+PVP is fun, you can ignore it if you want to, or actively participate. Doesn't interrupt you if you're working on missions.+Fun.-The Door to your HQ should open faster.Performance:+I usually sit around 40-90 FPS. Never noticed it lag, no frame rate drops.Specs:CPU: Intel Core i7-5960XGPU: Nvidia GTX 1080SSD: Samsung 850 Evo 500GBRAM: G.SKILL Ripjaws 4 DDR4 3000 C15 4x4GBMBD: Asus RAMPAGE V EXTREMEMonitor: Acer Predator XB271HU WQHD (2560 x 1440) NVIDIA G-Sync"
,Recommended,447040,29096836,Posted: 7 January,all,Hauke,Gameplay is fun. Story is good.End game needs more content.Solid 39 hours of gameplay. I want more
,Recommended,447040,29097033,Posted: 7 January,all,BABizzo,Much more fun than the firstMore like able charactersSetting is much prettierYou get to play as a black manWhy would you not get this game?
,Recommended,447040,29093821,Posted: 7 January,all,Taco,"Good main characters, boring villains, bad story, good gameplay."
,Recommended,447040,29091475,Posted: 7 January,all,SuperCrazedGamer,"This game is amazing but Steam unbought it from my games list, WTF."
,Recommended,447040,29133766,Posted: 8 January,all,ThatOneLucasGuy,"Everything that was wrong with the first game (driving, shooting, stealth) is fixed with this one. Not to mention it's optimized perfectly for PC. Really great game with an overall great story."
,Recommended,447040,29133058,Posted: 8 January,all,Hinkle,"Great game, highly recommend! The hacking mechanics are very nice and clean, as well are the stealth mechanics. Great story, along with great characters, make for one of the best experiences of 2016!"
,Recommended,447040,29107162,Posted: 7 January,all,OG McGibblets,if you like puzzle games and open world (esp gta v) this game is for you!the bad... game crashed every so often. probably crashed 15-20x in 60 hours. game was fun enough that i just restarted and kept playing. (tried fiddling with settings but didnt help. running i5 w gtx 970)
76561197997754702,Not Recommended,447040,29107410,Posted: 7 January,all,Sonic's Human Girlfriend,The poor performance and the uplay's stupid overlay warning make this game nearly unplayable....
76561198139013554,Recommended,447040,29107574,Posted: 7 January,all,passerywy0,"Decent game, multiform ways of play"
76561198024378091,Recommended,447040,29107862,Posted: 7 January,all,minstrelofmoria,"If there's a single concept that sums up how this game plays, it's the strength of your technology versus the fragility of your flesh. No matter how much research you do to improve your hacking capabilities and the gadgetry you wield, there's no way to make yourself run faster or survive any longer against a hail of bullets. The game's central power fantasy is to mess with online-connected devices in ever more elaborate ways, while its central challenge is how to maneuver your fragile self past guards, robots, and security lasers to get to various important devices that have been isolated from the Internet. This combines into a character with massive offensive and limited defense who either dies quickly or wins spectacularly, and it's an absolute joy to figure out ways to win against high odds and bring down every guard in your way.Or you could just bumble a little RC car through air vents until you get it close enough to the target computer to stick a USB in and start hacking. That works, too."
76561198066725099,Recommended,447040,29110275,Posted: 8 January,all,Ryck,"If Watchdogs 2 was Watchdogs 1 then the franchice would have done way better. Really liked this game.Ending was abrupt, I kind of wanted more out of the main story and the ending was flat. It's a Ubisoft game, I kind of expected that. Besides that, left me satisfied."
76561198062044514,Recommended,447040,29110435,Posted: 8 January,all,museste,"Following Watch Dogs 1 you may be holding off on this one and thats understandable, #1 wasnt a bad game but it was grey, a terrible character and rather unmemorable. Im pleased to say Ubisoft have learnt from their mistakes with that game and this to my surprise is one of my top games of 2016.San Fransico is vibrant and extremely enjoyable to explore. The characters are zany but far more likable than anything from #1, missions are enjoyable. My fave aspect is probably the NPC interactions, they gatecrash your selfies (seriously they do).Give this one a shot"
,Recommended,447040,29061643,Posted: 6 January,all,HLxonFromMars.,"Well...what can i say.Nice touch on SF and its innovative mood. map is kinda small but exploreable.Acceptable.But ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft for not giving us ENGLISH AUDIO. dont want marcus speak russian... yea i know it said purchases in this region will only receive cn/ru languages blablabla.All in all, pretty good game but not much improvements from the last one seems like a dlc. But might refund.-after 1 day of playing-well this game is completely out of my reach. i got a gtx650 and even at lowest graphics settings it's still glitchy to play.well...i'll prob get a gtx980 after high school entrance exam. don get chance to use any electric devices till then anyway. gotta leave it there till june."
,Not Recommended,447040,29097395,Posted: 7 January,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) China,"This game is sort of confusing. I can bearly write this review. It feels like they took the cool main plot, Added this Black guy who can somehow Parkor perfectly (gliching aside) shoot effectively and has this sixth sense. It took no time to explain how this person is this person. its a painfully hollow experience once you get into the meat of the game. It slowly starts to show itself as a game that required more polish but they couldnt be bothered. AI is wonky (from time to time will just act abstractly or just not work downright). I really loved the idea of Watch_dogs but this game is missing things i cant explain properly."
,Recommended,447040,29098192,Posted: 7 January,all,Draenaii,Very good game. Nice storyline and good concepts. The shooting could have been better. Side operations are a bit easy but still fun. I recommend it
,Recommended,447040,29099470,Posted: 7 January,all,InuSummit,5/7 must play
,Recommended,447040,29175363,Posted: 10 January,all,twitch.tv/timidluke,"Confused as to why I heard bad reviews of this game speculating before I played it, none the less I bought watch dogs 1 and this being the second during the winter sale just passed.I can safely say I thoroughly enjoyed this game, especially due to playing the first as its SUCH an upgrade.I do recommend playing this first but everything is better in this game, the story isnt so narrow and 2D, the driving, the colours of the game everything was far greater than its earlier brother."
76561198075301629,Not Recommended,447040,31658111,Posted: 9 May,all,Hamburglar,"I played this game all the way through without any issue and it looked beautiful right at launch. Since then I have had nothing but issues. There is no smoothness left in the game for some reason and I experience significant FPS drops even with Nvidia optimizations enabled. These are to the point where the vehicles are undrivable and there is no fun in even walking down the street when there is no action. I am running the game on an i7 6700k and a GTX 1080, and feel this should be able to provide a smooth experience. If you have a super computer maybe this game is awesome still, but as it stands it is terrible for me. I think being able to play it with no problem before and thinking it was gorgeous makes it sting more - which is why I took the time to write this. I have given it a try after a few updates now thinking it would be fixed, but to no avail. I cannot recommend this game. The updates seem to make it worse and worse."
,Recommended,447040,31691211,Posted: 11 May,all,SevenDeviations,"This game is the pinnacle of the Watch Dogs franchise. Very fun to play, and the attention to detail by the designers can be seen throughout each environment of San Francisco. Eagerly awaiting (hopefully) a Watch Dogs 3."
,Recommended,447040,31681744,Posted: 11 May,all,GhostWizard13,Good game online and offline need more hacking
,Recommended,447040,31711911,Posted: 12 May,all,DJ_ProtoTyPE #FullOnRandaap,Best hacking simulator with gta flavoured adventure! :D
76561198221725256,Recommended,447040,31730319,Posted: 13 May,all,✪Golraziuth💯🔥,wow i wansnt expekting much but wow soo grate graphics and game play is soooo good 10/10 would  buy aggain (ps there are dogs<3) (pss sorry for bad spelling not that good at english) :)
76561198372790242,Recommended,447040,31767533,Posted: 15 May,all,RETRO,Very good games I have some trouble playing online but other then that the game is fabulous
,Recommended,447040,32070467,Posted: 30 May,all,jaspey,"Watch Dogs 2 is all around an amazing game. I love the story, the characters and the multiplayer. It's extremely fun to hijack a Lamborghini and driving around with your friends and going around trying to get money bags and bounties. The only con would be that in multiplayer I'm running at a great frame rate and then all of a sudden it drops and kicks me out of online. This isn't too much of a hassle, because you can have your friend invite you again, but it is a little bit of an annoyance to have. Anyways, WD2 is a really fun game that every open world fan should have."
,Recommended,447040,32000977,Posted: 27 May,all,matc,This is the watchdog game we all want but the online mode is a bit boring cos it's repetitve.HACK THE PLANET! HACK THE PLANET!
76561198269233940,Recommended,447040,32137668,Posted: 2 June,all,Masked_Vigilante,This Game is great its got a better combat system than the first game. It also has a more detailed hacking system with better mini games its just fun all around.
76561198117834906,Recommended,447040,32143607,Posted: 2 June,all,Nate,"After 37.5hours, I still like this game. It's very much like GTA-V, except with goofy hackers as the main characters. The storyline is fun and keeps you entertained, and the gameplay is quite enjoyable. The driving isn't that great, but everything else is awesome. Go ahead and buy it so you can hack the [virtual] world!"
,Recommended,447040,28244666,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Captain Toast,"Very fun, challenging, and makes you think in certain areas.You can choose how to go through missions, and that's really cool to have those options.Gameplay: 8/10Story: 8/10Graphics: 9/10+Great story with interesting characters. I loved almost all of them.+Graphics are quite impressive.+Unique gameplay, mixing hacking into any combat or stealth encounter, or hardly ever using it. It's your choice.+Freedom to choose how to go through with missions, but doesn't tell you your options. You figure it out with however methods you find comfortable and effective.-Some missions can get repetitive, but not many.-Open world doesn't have a whole lot to do after a while.-High system requirements (not much of a problem for me but other users claim so)."
76561198127096412,Recommended,447040,32192186,Posted: 4 June,all,theironlion1,Just add buyable property to this game and i'll give it another point. But as of yet this game is a definite 14/10!!! This game is so much fun and I've spent hours in this game just dicking around stealing cars and finding easter eggs. Highly recommend to those who also play GTA V.
,Recommended,447040,32188068,Posted: 4 June,all,Yoozero,"The best game so far from the recent crappy releases. 8/10-Great graphics-They listened to the feedback from the first game-No freaking TOWERS!!!-Diverse side missions(Co-op missions, single campaign side missions, dlc missions etc.)-Has a lot of SWAG"
,Recommended,447040,32547249,Posted: 18 June,all,SoulAssassin,i love it
,Recommended,447040,29719483,Posted: 5 February,all,Nugg,"Absa-damn-lute awesomeness !!!so much fun, such good graphics, very well balanced, super immersive. Gameplay is smoothCool characters, good character development, almost perfect soundtrack. Uplay integration seamless.I've picked up that some people hate the fact that someone can hack you as part of the game, but multiplayer can be switched off apparently.  I normally dislike multiplayer, but this is super fun (seamless).Just finished the default storyline, going to buy the season pass now to continue the awesome sauce."
,Recommended,447040,33265237,Posted: 5 July,all,Lelouch,cool game
76561198227032400,Recommended,447040,33277863,Posted: 5 July,all,TheZ4inT,worth the sale but not worth the full price
76532428945289525,Recommended,447040,33321937,Posted: 6 July,all,frostlhr | gamekit.com,"Overall ill give this game a 9/10, the gameplay is nice but the game can get boring quickly and doing puzzles can get annoying. still i strongly recommend this game."
76561198159917623,Recommended,447040,33322053,Posted: 6 July,all,-EG- HashSolo ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Absolutely brilliant the free roam is amazing and the story is amazing I high recommend it :)
,Recommended,447040,33342498,Posted: 7 July,all,Knullegutten02,very nais i like
76561198017126851,Not Recommended,447040,28856104,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fuzums,"You cant complain about graphics when thiers a free texture pack.Tho gameplay does feel a bit limiting at the end its still quite fun, worth after discount.EDIT: From great to cant even launch the game after wanting to revisit it. Thanks Ubisoft..."
76561197973634256,Recommended,447040,33357744,Posted: 7 July,all,NoICE,"TL;DR: just play it. Even if you didn't like WD1. Everything WD1 did wrong this does right.Great game, great and unique characters (now including Personality (TM) and Rememberability (TM)) with top notch voice acting. Good story with pretty good villain. Nicely done gameplay mechanics (hacking and all other ones). Parkour works this time... with fluid motion. Add to that pretty graphics - look at that detailed city with lot of side activities. And music is top notch too."
,Recommended,447040,33351188,Posted: 7 July,all,Your dog can do slam dunks,"This game was such a great experience. The dialogue I found fun and interesting, the gameplay was crazy fun."
,Recommended,447040,33350406,Posted: 7 July,all,A Chunky Squirrel,"Watch Dogs 2 is the second installment of the Watch Dogs franchise and it takes us to gorgeous San Francisco. Having enjoyed the first game, I saw myself eagerly anticipating the release of the second. However after the disappointing reviews, I decided to hold out until a sale came along.I should have never listened because this game is absolutely phenomenal. It’s much less of a downgrade too. The story is not as good as the first one but it’s just about right that keeps me hooked on it. Most of the times I find myself driving around the city looking at the beautiful architecture and scenery.Watch Dogs 2 isn’t really a bad game at all. In fact, it’s the second best alternative to GTA 5 in terms of open world real life simulation.ProsLively and well-crafted open worldMotorcycle is fun to driveMuch more hacking options than the firstCool charactersConsHorrible vehicle control system (consistent through all Ubisoft games)Hacking system isn’t very accurate. When I aim my phone at a pedestrian it sometimes picks on the person beside him/herHorrible plot execution"
,Recommended,447040,33345069,Posted: 7 July,all,Leopardon hellcase.com,"If you enjoy 2012 memes, parkour, facebook and the ability of controling traffic lights, this game is for you !Bought the game for 40$, played the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta it, in comparation to the first one, this is a masterpiece. But if it were to compare it to the mechanics of gta v, the only things this game has and gta v hasn't are :-Parkour Movements-Hacking Capabilities (of course)-co-op singleplayer-ROBOTS-DOGS WHICH YOU CAN PET OMLThere are some glitches here and there, not big of a deal.You'll play the game for atleast 24 hours and finish the story, but if you have friends to play with, get it now"
,Recommended,447040,33370879,Posted: 8 July,all,N1nja | CS.MONEY,Never gotten around to making a review for this game so I'll make it quick and short. The first watch dogs was a complete flop (even though i personally liked it) with a couple interesting ideas. When they announced watch dogs 2 i had high hopes for the revival of an amazing video game franchise focused around the idea of hacking. Watch Dogs 2 turned out to be a great success taking everything from the original and tweaking it until it was 10 times better. I can safely say that you will enjoy every second of this outstanding hacking game if you decide to buy it.
,Not Recommended,447040,28781600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,YamiYam,"Very close to game of the year, the game is a lot of fun and the characters are enjoyable. The only issue is the poor performance on a high end systen. If the performance is fixed this could be one of the best games of the year.Edit:I can no longer play this game, after recent updates the game runs too slow on any settings to be played properly on my computer."
,Recommended,447040,33275186,Posted: 5 July,all,Jiun,this is good but the main character somehow lacks charm as compared to watch dogs
76561198276144927,Recommended,447040,29482632,Posted: 25 January,all,kermit sippin tea in yo hood,gudigud gaem
,Recommended,447040,31049758,Posted: 9 April,all,Lord Birb,The same day I beat it the internet started going haywire nationwide10/10 realism
76561198032833883,Recommended,447040,29320469,Posted: 17 January,all,Sassanation,Dank af
76561197984803739,Not Recommended,447040,33198050,Posted: 3 July,all,PentagramPro,At first my review was positive but then I got to the FBI mission and realised that this is not open-world game. They force you to play the way they want and there is no other options.
,Recommended,447040,33391471,Posted: 8 July,all,Secrecy,Iz fun.
,Recommended,447040,33392054,Posted: 8 July,all,Simplyou2be,"The cars seem pretty slow and the interiors are deadful but GTA has spoiled me... The general mechanics of this game throw in a great mix of challenge and fun. Trust me, I've blown up like 200 sewer pipes on cars so far and it still hasn't gotten old yet. Whether you're evil and want to wreck havok or actually play the game, Watch Dogs 2 is a good choice :)"
,Recommended,447040,33360245,Posted: 7 July,all,Mushtario Pepperoni,Very good fun game when you install the patch!
,Recommended,447040,29568509,Posted: 29 January,all,Denial #freetayk,pretty good game awesome parkour and missionsadd me if you wana play watch dogs
,Recommended,447040,29283895,Posted: 15 January,all,TrikTrak,"Good start to the game, different but a better tone to the last game. Totally worth the money as the gameplay is good, graphics are just as good, not played much of the story yet to know, but it's a good game. The random encounters when freeroaming the world is amazing lel."
,Not Recommended,447040,29533486,Posted: 27 January,all,Theben,"This game looks kind of cool but is unplayable in it's current state. I have a gtx 1070 and can't get consistant 60fps at 1080p on any tier of settings let alone above 40fps. On top of all that, the game uses easy anticheat software which is known for doing some really suss stuff in the background like keylogging and taking screen shots. It is also known for having lots of unknown vulnerabilities that would bew easy for a malicious person to exploit. I would seriously not recommend spending your money on this game.- Game is unstable and crashes constantly for people- Framerate is terrible and inconsistant irrelevant of hardware- Game installs Easy anti cheat software which is known to be insecure and not safe to have on your PCAfter buying this game I doubt I will buy another Ubisoft game as they're pretty much always broken on launch and not worth the time to wait for them to slowly patch them to some playable state."
,Recommended,447040,29555623,Posted: 28 January,all,TimDog350,"Great fun, not too many hours, but just been doing side missions and online invading...haven't finished first ""real"" mission yet.  If you are a fan of GTA style, and the story is good, not great, but good - better than the first.  Worth it on sale..."
,Recommended,447040,29556220,Posted: 28 January,all,DJ&,"Being honest here, I have been waiting for release of the second part a lot. It is game is one of a kind 4sure guys!) It is fun, it is tricky and enjoyable as I expected! Definitely a must buy of 2016! And please if you will, you should play first part first! Then playing current story will be more exciting. GL HF :P"
76561198029177093,Recommended,447040,29566458,Posted: 29 January,all,Fluffski,Just finished the main story line and really enjoyed it.I know some people have an issue with the Anti cheat thingy but worked fine for me.I loved the way the hacking invasion worked and had some good times hunting and hiding.The looks of the game are good and some good music to play to as well.I never really got into the first watchdogs so i thought i'd give this one a try and i dont regret it.Its not perfect but all in all a good open world game imo.
,Recommended,447040,29546488,Posted: 28 January,all,Lieutenant Dan,bad
,Recommended,447040,29057794,Posted: 6 January,all,Squeaker with a side of salt,I liked it.It was fun.
,Recommended,447040,29540971,Posted: 28 January,all,shark tale,Better h@x0rz then $0N\l3r@
76561198135011813,Recommended,447040,29434392,Posted: 22 January,all,DarkIncepto,"whether you have the game or are planning to buy it, i hope this review will help a bit.First of all, the game is fairly optimized, but still after a few days of playing, you can only play for about 2-3 hours before starting to experience serious lag. My cpu and gpu are i5 3300 and gtx 1060, and i still get a bit of lag after 2-3 hours of playing.Secondly, the game is VERY VERY fun. Like, seriously. If the game was not laggish after playing for a bit, I would never stop playing. It might be confusing at first, since this game uses your mind to its full potential, but you will get used to the stuff popping up. The way you have to solve puzzles, take down stuff, get into buildings, very good game. If you are into action games, and if you liked GTA V, You will love this game.Lastly, The game is still new.The game is still new, (released 2-3 months ago) and this means any problem it currently has, can or will be fixed. (optimization, bugs, etc.) So if you do not have an beefy computer, don't worry. I am sure Ubisoft will fix the optimization on this game, as it has the potential to be one of the best/popular games.Final thoughts on WD2: Very good game, content is amazing, gameplay is also amazing, and you should definitely get this game whether it's now or later.Rating: 8/10 (9/10 if they fix the optimization)Thanks."
76561198044780453,Recommended,447040,29436428,Posted: 22 January,all,OnYourHook,Lots of fun and lots of stuff to do. Multiplayer aspects feel seemless and make for fun moments. The open world definitely takes the front seat in this game. Is also a huge step up from WD1.Would recommend
,Recommended,447040,29442338,Posted: 23 January,all,svmmit,"I felt so let down when I played the first Watch Dogs game because it sounded so good right, the ideas were there to make a great game but it was just so uninteresting and incomplete. When I heard that they were making a second game I was just so skeptical about it but damn..This game really is what I wanted from the first watch dogs. The story is actually interesting and the missions are fun to complete both perfectly and sloppy either way. The characters all have their own personalities and are just so loveable. The visuals are really amazing, and moving through the city feels very fluent. I really can't believe Ubisoft made this. It's great."
,Recommended,447040,29442570,Posted: 23 January,all,Blorgus TradeSkinsFast.com,"Great game, and fun to play with friends!"
76561198084606243,Recommended,447040,29306468,Posted: 16 January,all,Vineykmine_crafter,"Okay, so before i thought i couldn't play it, but my laptop can handel it, so here is me proper review.Pros:Good Storylines :Srsly it's very good.and that's about it, to me story line is more important than gameplay.Cons:Car driving :Minus motorcycles, most cars are very hard to drive, espessially when you are trying to drive straight.Shooting :Aiming is rather hard in this game.Movement :Sometimes i am having trouble to move, when i push forward he goes left or right instead, it's frustrating.Hacking :When done with hacking, there is a chance your character will fall through the map or a building, or forced to fast travel as you are stuck there.---That's about it, so far i am happy with it.Now Join us!-Dedsec"
,Recommended,447040,28110736,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,replace it with a rolex,"Absolutely amazing game. Graphics are astonishing and storyline is great. One thing I have to complain about sadly, is how slow it is running. I can typically run games like this at very high- ultra settings and still get 60fps or above. For some reason on the game, on just high settings, I range from 35-45fps. I do have the latest drivers for my nvidia graphics card, and hope this is just a future fix.(My PC specs are about double the reccomended specs){UPDATE}Graphics issue fixed a while ago, I just forgot to update this review"
,Recommended,447040,29322739,Posted: 17 January,all,Crashezz,"Just finished it and i really liked it, much better than the first, they certainly learned a few things this time around, Marcus is a pretty cool character and the rest of the gang, i would recommend this if you liked the first one."
76561198106548489,Recommended,447040,29410625,Posted: 21 January,all,Mister Doctor,"So, this will be my very first serious review of a game. This is from my experience, and you guys can agree and disagree to your own discretion.That being saidI really enjoy this game. Even after playing the first one and losing interest after just a few hours of gameplay, I can easily say this game is a worth pickup.(Might include minor spoilers)Pros:-Main Character: You play as Marcus, little is said about his origin or how he knows his contacts, why he's so good at what he does, and how people know about him despite having no known history of his ability, yet start as a ""potential threat"", and flawlessly passes the test to get into this group. He has a great amount of charisma, extreme likeable character with plenty to say, a good sense of justice, and great sense of humor. He is easily a great pick in my opinion for the lead role and his dialogue is so fun to listen to.-Dedsec: A group of young vigilante hackers who are spreading the word of the truth without forcing people to act. They all have great development, clear roles in the game, great dialogue, minor character development (which isn't necessary in this type of game), the friendly feel when they're speaking together; with the references, the humor, the pick on... etc. I could go on, I love every character you're with in the entire game.-Missions are either really funny, or can make you feel really good at what they have you do. Like forcing people to donate to charity after robbing the people makes you feel kind of good insideCons: There are clear bugs with this game. Like a research point that is not reachable unless you find a lift thats far enough away to make it not worth it, or people driving invisible cars, or random frame and dialogue dips.Game length -- I spent a good chunk of time messing around with the coop missions, I am still currently playing the game, doing as many side missions as possible, trying to stall my progress in the main story, so I have yet to figure out the actual length of the game. Feels pretty short honestly, which isn't a nice thought, but it's kind of hard to make this story I guess.Anticheat sometimes get bugged. People have already complained, so i won't touch on that.The online function can get kind of annoying -- setting up to climb a building and someone is trying to hack you, or it wont you into the cutscene because of it -- all without you wanting to go around and pvping and such. But otherwise, the pvp and coop function is a lot of fun.The map packs so far consist of random skins that you can't get any other way. I will totally delete this part of the comment if they change that trend, but if you're like me, and was suckered into getting the season pass... you probably hope like me that we will get some decent content."
76561198262170725,Recommended,447040,29461902,Posted: 24 January,all,$lim Shady,match better than the original
76561198103309737,Recommended,447040,29465423,Posted: 24 January,all,Pumpkincave,"I thought Just Cause 3 was my best game even with the issues that it has but this, this is so f**king good. You can't even explain how good it is just go buy it and if you can't then well get a better computer but never buy a Console they end up not having games made for them."
76561198096343789,Recommended,447040,28816407,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CrispPencil483,fun
,Recommended,447040,28815243,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sifferz,"TL;DR All of the best things about Ubisoft open worlds, most of the worst things about Ubisoft open worlds. Great, genuinely unique stealth gameplay, a conflicting mechanical identity, genuinely good/memorable characters, and all around solid fun. Play without guns (though not necessarily non-lethal) for the best time.Perhaps best understood as a full scale game in the mode of 1995's Hackers with a full injection of ironic self-awareness, this game's characters are remarkably charming, loveable, and memorable. This puts the game on par with very, very few AAA games which bother to write worthwhile characters, and is perhaps the only Ubisoft game I've played where I can say this.Furthermore, the gameplay has improved vastly over its predecessor. Sure, you can still shoot your way through every problem if you want to have a boring game - but the RC Drone and Car are the real heart of 2. This brand of stealth sees you scouting and supporting two RC vehicles which each fulfill a specific purpose within an area; most of the time, you won't even need to set foot in the building where your mission is set. The RC stealth also helps the hacking to shine, as most of your interactions from the RC's will be hacking objects and enemies in creative ways.You could opt to simply keep an NPC's phone ringing constantly as a distraction. You can create blackouts to dash Marcus through an area quickly. You can pick out a problematic NPC and tag him for arrest, causing police intervention (which for many NPC's, quickly turns violent and attracts a lot of attention). You could carefully create a web of traps and draw your enemeis into them. Or, with a few upgrades, you can just drop bombs from your drone.Or, if you want to play a remarkably sub-par third person shooter with little depth or nuance, you could just shoot them all. The game falls short in how easy it makes shooting your way through every problem - it is generally understood in games that players will take the path of least resistance, and assault rifles and shotguns are remarkably effective, bland, and quick ways to barrel through this game. This also sucks the life out of it.Between the mechanical impacts of guns on the rest of the hacking game and the thematic problems of your loveable little hacker nerds suddenly packing 3D printed assault rifles to be wielded against police officers, it is truly baffling that the devs opted to include guns at all. It's not that they're offensive or that their violence is distasteful - they just have no place in this game, making it an aggressively boring slog wherein the main hacking gimmicks are all so peripheral as to be meaningless. I ultimately chose to ignore guns for the vast majority of my playthrough, and it made this a decidedly unique and joyful game to play."
,Recommended,447040,28740261,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JustForKicks96,Fun
76561198140001409,Recommended,447040,28771462,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,downbeatman,"This game is great! I loved playing all the missions and always had something to do! This kept me playing, but something is that in GTA V once i finished that game i played it even more because of the mods in the game. But this game has anticheat which really annoyed me, i thought that once i was done playing the game i would just free roam using cheats.. But no."
,Recommended,447040,28770682,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Idiocynical,"This game is what the first game should have been. It's actually fun, the characters are funny and interesting, the controls are still a bit wonky but improved, and importantly the PC port is pretty decent."
76561198085609662,Recommended,447040,28846684,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DeathStriker,Graphically better than the first. 10/10
,Recommended,447040,28846811,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Timthos,"I am that rare person who preferred the original Watch Dogs to its sequel. Perhaps I am biased because I live in Chicago and have never visited San Francisco, so you can take my words with a grain of salt. However, I did actually enjoy Watch Dogs 2 and would recommend it to those who enjoy the Ubisoft brand of open world action games. Gameplay and controls are solid, and the production values are what you'd expect. There is an increased reliance on gadgetry in the combat, which is a smart direction to take with a game centered around a group of hackers. The game offers a much lighter tone than the rogue vigilantism of the original, but there is a certain disjointedness between the personalities of the characters and the actions I feel like I'm forced to take to succeed in these missions. Marcus et al., to me, seem like they would err on the side of trinksters and stealthy hackers, not mass-murderers, but trying to play the game in a stealthy manner became somewhat frustrating. Aiden, on the other hand, had the kind of personality to do whatever it took to get the mission done, so it made sense for him to use his gun if he had to. This disparity of tone and game-play bothered me a little, but otherwise, I enjoyed my time with Watch Dogs 2."
76561198160495436,Recommended,447040,28847373,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cpt98,"I've enjoyed the game a lot.Watch dog 1 made me buy the second.So far I've enjoyed more watchdog1 because it was ''new'', but 2 has a better game play.I'm way bellow the min spec and it's playable on high setting, 1920x1200, around 30fps, no crash.(core2 q9300, 6gb ddr2, gtx960 4gb)"
,Not Recommended,447040,28847557,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pathias,"Not happy with the game, keep doing the same thing over and over"
,Recommended,447040,28847992,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,thebestiaM^,"11/10, would buy from again"
76561198055401852,Recommended,447040,28869743,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nignogfromthewest csgoroll.com,♥♥♥♥ing great!
76561198278759062,Recommended,447040,28870025,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Aimbot.png,Petting dogs = amazing. Also well optimized and packed with humor and an interesting story.
,Recommended,447040,28877164,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ian Brandon Something,"Not my favorite game of 2016, but it is still a good game. Ubisoft learned from the weaknesses of Watch_Dogs 1 and made a better game as a result. My only complaint is that the game has minor performance issues, but besides that this game is fun."
,Recommended,447040,28866007,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ffff0,"Watch Dogs 2 is really, really great! Give it a chance even if didn't like the first one, or recent UbuSoft open world games. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,447040,28919014,Posted: 1 January,all,Flexi_102,"The game is so much fun, really recommented if you want a game base on nerdy pop culture. This is Hacker: the video game."
,Recommended,447040,28918556,Posted: 1 January,all,Rainea,I actually played this one to the end.
,Recommended,447040,28658099,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,-DI- Solar Wings,This game was rocking awesome. Just get it mate. Am too lazy to say the details....but its just awesome. I will give full stars just for the coop. I had loads of fun :)
,Recommended,447040,28506887,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kittymau5,"Just like the majority of people, I was skeptical of playing this due to the first one being a little disappointing. I was thankfully pleasently surprised. I was entertained throughout with great characters and a great plot. Some of the missions were a little weird and I'll admit I only got through them by bad npc movement. The hacking was a lot of fun and the climbing was frustrating but satisfying once you'd figure out how easy it really was. I would definitely recommend playing. And Wrench, I mean c'mon. He alone is worth playing the game. I don't think I've ever had such a huge crush on a game character. Didn't know I was capable of such girly squeals when he'd show up. 10/10 babe."
76561198106851212,Recommended,447040,28560756,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JuJu,This game take new dimension for this years i love it
76561198045255178,Recommended,447040,28354755,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Shotfox,I find the story very engaging and fun. The characters personality is very fun and i enjoy it. Gameplay is fun and always exciting. Great game. I recommend it. Love the co-op missions too.
,Recommended,447040,28352756,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Wei-dei,"It wasn't as bad as I expected it to be. The setting's as good as Ubisoft normally makes it, which is really good. One of the few things they excel at. The DLC's still up in the air but I wouldn't be too optimistic about length and fun-to-cost ratio.Graphics are fine, even on low. Performance is a bit on the iffy side, but my PC's pretty low-spec'd as it is.Biggest gripe for me is the plot, which is genuinely terrible in every single way. It's like someone tried to make bad low-cyberpunk/young-adult fiction based on how the characters act and so on. A few cheesy laught, but ehh. Honestly, the best way to resolve that is to just look at this game as if the plot's an outright parody of what it seems to be.just get it on sale or something."
,Recommended,447040,28353911,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Voltage,"Great game. I enjoyed the storyline as well as the performance. I have 2 major complaints:1) Game was spectacular but too short. I have 44 hours and have 100% in the game with almost every car from auto dealers and every weapon. All achievement, all gear.2) The multiplayer. Hacking cars and using drones is iconic for this game, but in MP these tactics make it way to easy for the person being hacked/targeted to either see the entire hack circle from above or hack your getaway car and insta shoot it with the 1 shot all sniper rifle. No more WD1 car chases or actual hiding :/.I give this game 8.5/10 because ubisoft hadvery nice performance and a very unique storyline which connected with the first game mostly which is unheard of for me."
,Recommended,447040,28353938,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,analoguebath,I can barely play it and I'm not sure why. I get around 14-35 fps on all quality settings.Specs:AMD FX-8320eASUS GTX 1060 6gb16GB RAM at 1866MSI 970 gaming mobo400W psu
,Recommended,447040,29258049,Posted: 14 January,all,masterboatman,Very fun game! The storyline was created exellently and the animation is awesome!
76561198145611307,Recommended,447040,31072862,Posted: 10 April,all,Enigmo,"5.5/10 Good story, But the ending was meh. But other than that its a great game, Now I didn't hate Watch Dogs It had good gameplay, and Watch Dogs 2 was an improvement in the story department and gamplay was improved too. ""has an alright world but not as good as skyrim and GTA V."""
76561198052193450,Recommended,447040,31087048,Posted: 11 April,all,saretti,"I's been a while since Ubisoft did a really good game without any compromizes. WD 2 is a leap forward compared to WD 1 in everything: gameplay, mood, characters, story (more yes than no).Playing a fun black guy who doesn't need to use ""black card"" to cause emotional appeal - PRICELESS. Solid team of self-irony chracters - well, ok. No towers - thank god!!!"
,Recommended,447040,29288242,Posted: 15 January,all,Devan The God,meh
,Recommended,447040,29233486,Posted: 13 January,all,oppai,"This game was a surprise for me. I bought it on sale during the winter sale, and was like ""eh why not I've some money to blow."" Knowing my experience with Watch_Dogs 1 being disappointing and dull, I was happily surprised. This game, while not perfect by any means, is wonderful. The characters seem far more human, and easier to connect to. The dialogue is fantastically written, and the game in my experience has few bugs, but that can vary between users, as people do seem to be encountering bugs, I just have yet to. Can I recommend this game, with what I've played? I happily can."
76561198092018927,Recommended,447040,29235421,Posted: 13 January,all,stevens540,"I love games like this, granted I have only just now started to play the game but already I can tell this is going to be a fun distraction for awhile!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP8do2iX7wY&t=131s"
76561198354720051,Recommended,447040,29188932,Posted: 11 January,all,Gutana,amazing game <3
,Recommended,447040,29168343,Posted: 10 January,all,m1_ku,Ubisoft get it right.Kudos.
,Recommended,447040,29165663,Posted: 10 January,all,Ｓａｅｅｄｏｏｆ,"cool story, not bad at all"
,Not Recommended,447040,29167696,Posted: 10 January,all,EW!L,"Watch Dogs 2 promises what Watch Dogs 1 couldn't deliver, but it's actually quite the same old. I liked the idea of Watch Dogs, the concept, the story, and the graphics.Why do I still not recommend the game?- Controls: Seriously Ubisoft, while climbing some Building with a crane I try to jump over the railing to a roof, which doesnt work, if I ant to commit suicide, I can crawl over the railing.The Escape key jumps the story and disconnects you from your devices, which made me jump conversations, just beacause I wanted to get back to Marcus.- Your online stuff is nice, but not while I try to make a mission. When I am just driving around it's wondeful, but otherwise it's stupid. There must be a better solution.This could be a really amating Game, the graphics are sweet, the story is okay, the gamplay is a bit montone.But in the end, Watch Dogs 2 doesn't deliver. Let's wait for 3. The Hope never dies."
,Recommended,447040,29155433,Posted: 9 January,all,Baljeet,idk why people bash this game its so fun!
,Recommended,447040,29269228,Posted: 15 January,all,Real Gay Canadian Black Man,"This game is fantastic so far, definitely a huge improvement over the first Watch_Dogs. The world actually feels alive and populated, helped by the ability to listen in to people's conversations of their phones and interact with the world in other ways. The characters (while they look like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ are actually likeable, funny, and pretty damn believable. They come across as millenials in a near future without feeling too forced and cringeworthy.The gameplay is fun and tight, with the stealth executed well if not pretty generically. Interweaving camera systems let you stake out certain areas, or you can try and drive you RC Car or fly the Quadcopter through the building to do your research. The hacking doesn't feel restrictive or gimmicky and actually lends itself to the stealthing really well. I had multiple moments where I tried something simple out of desperation, like opening a door, only for it to work and leave me going ""That never works in games normally!"" The gunplay is simple as it should be and the parkour elements work well to make the game more manuverable. This is one of the few games where I really feel that there are everchanging ways to approach missions.Finally, the online. I've only experienced small bits of it but I like what I've done so far. As well as being able to join friends for co-op and free roam, the game with randomly connect you to other players' session when an available PvP mission is nearby. It works in a system much like Dark Souls, where the goal is to hack the other player without being detected using whatever's around you or to eliminate them. I can't give much input on this yet but I really do enjoy how it is executed.Watch_Dogs 2 was a pretty nice surprise. I thought it looked better than the first one but it exceeded expectations. It doesn't take itself so seriously like W_D1 did, which is a much better design choice. It feels like it let the devs kick their feet up and make the game a charasmatic, fun, and very different title than from what came out previously. Even in the face of performance issues (in the city I was 99% of the time stuck at 30-40, my rig isn't great), I have never not have fun in this game, even if I'm just walking down the street."
76561198287337611,Recommended,447040,29263701,Posted: 14 January,all,retingo,"Worth it, go ahead, dude. Better than Watch_Dogs, gotta a lot of fun and liberty in 2, especially ATM part  ;) though bugs, you know... ;)"
76561198345356367,Recommended,447040,29264099,Posted: 14 January,all,1914130562,is very good
76561198134775642,Recommended,447040,29264412,Posted: 14 January,all,Blevin For Heaven 101,Good game. Becomes very lacklsuter after first couple of missions. Something about it doesnt feel 60$ It has its moments though. I suggest you buy if its on any kind of deal
76561198254873948,Recommended,447040,29264625,Posted: 14 January,all,IronCladVlad,"Great game, played the first Watch Dogs on PS3.Watch Dogs 2 is much better game, playing on a PC made all the difference."
,Recommended,447040,29251238,Posted: 14 January,all,FLASHYFLASHY.COM csgolive.com,"I know that the game is sick. The issue is that there are many problems with the game. For my I have a AMD 380 Series Graphics Card. My game won't run because of it. People with AMD 380 or 280 Series I suggest not buying it, if you do contact support it the game doesn't work."
76561198073374020,Recommended,447040,29274686,Posted: 15 January,all,redwingfan1234,"I've only played a half hour so far, but it's already significantly better than WD1. Hacking isn't as vanilla as the first game, it controls better, and the environment is much more colorful and fun. Looking forward to playing more."
,Recommended,447040,29263023,Posted: 14 January,all,Joey!,"Look, this still isn't what Ubi promised us at E3 all those years ago. It's not the slick, beautiful and revolutionary open-world hacking game we all thought was coming in 2012. If you're looking for that here, don't bother. It ain't this game.Watch Dogs 2 is a pretty good game, though. I mean, I've put 40-something hours into it at this point, and while it's wearing thin on me, the first 20 hours or so were very strong. The main story is good, with great characters and characterization. Everyone feels like a real person. The voice acting AND the mocap acting is superb, really tremendous. There are actual emotions conveyed through facial expressions and subtle mannerisms that you just don't see in other games.The side content, while repetitive and basic, feels authored rather than than copy-pasted. Like, even though the task is pretty much the same thing over and over again (hack this circuit box, do this puzzle), the conversations and story surrounding them are really interesting.The open-world is improved by the seemingly-endless amount of flavor text and audio files you can find by hacking random people, and the addition of being able to call in gangland hits or APBs on literally anyone you see is crazy fun for a while. You'll eventually see how shallow a lot of these activities are, though, and it dampens the fun. More troubling is the stealth. Watch Dogs 1 was an open-world stealth game, the only one of its kind, really, at least in a long time. Watch Dogs 2 has the appearance of a stealth game, but it isn't. It's more of an open-world *distraction* game. The game's systems are built around getting guards to look over *here* while you sneak behind their back. That system existed in Watch Dogs 2, but it was just part of your toolkit rather than your main mode of play. You may prefer that, since it leads to gunfights and explosions, but I prefer to ghost my way through, and it just isn't feasible here.Driving is vastly improved, at least in terms of handling. The cars still feel like they weigh nothing, and still plow through the scenery like it was made of out paper mache. It's fun to zip around the city (when there aren't performance issues crippling your ride) but you never feel like you're wrecking the place like in GTA V.Overall, I have to recommend Watch Dogs 2. There's enough new, novel ideas to keep you going for 20 hours or so before it starts to wear out its welcome, and you'll probably stick it out anyway for the story, or at least to see what happens to the characters, who are all great."
76561198072174238,Recommended,447040,29261155,Posted: 14 January,all,CrossHair,Very good and alot of fun. Tons to do. Looks fantastic. Only compalint is the stealth missions can be frustrating.
76561198214172516,Recommended,447040,29261736,Posted: 14 January,all,Redwing,LOVE IT
76561198213489369,Recommended,447040,29308750,Posted: 16 January,all,Slayer9000,This game is basically GTA with different gadgets and a smaller map (even the pause screen sounds like the pause screen on GTA) but regardless it is a really fun game.
,Recommended,447040,29308756,Posted: 16 January,all,Nick.,So this game is a huge step up from the last one... Its not♥♥♥♥♥♥and  you can stand to play it for long periods of time with a story with 20+hours of content.
76561198324197097,Not Recommended,447040,29309651,Posted: 16 January,all,Goobe,"When the game came out,I was pretty excited just like everyone else.So i just bought it and now i feel like i made a mistake.The game has stunning visuals and unlike the protagonist from watchdogs,marques is a fun guy but soon loses charm and becomes a dull character as you play along.Loved the non-violent notion of the game,but never stuck to it.New included features are amazing,but the choice of weapons has been readuced.The repetitive online multiplier missions are annoying.The most annoying thing of all is that you need to buy DLCs to be able to play more.I loved the watchdogs and thought that this would be a better game.I even watched a lot of reviews on youtube before i bought this game.Now for some reason i feel like the watchdogs,even with all the violence and repetitive missions is a way better game than this one.The bright side though is the different side missions that you get apart from the main story."
,Recommended,447040,29309726,Posted: 16 January,all,_pete,"**Keep in mind I haven't finished the game yet**The game is wonderfull. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is fun. Hacking into things hasn't been so smooth. I like the multiple menus for each hack, it adds more style. You can do each level sneaky or all in, depends on prefrence*.(Ignore spelling)Pros-WRENCHThe story line is really good so far. Wrench is a ♥♥♥♥ing boss, but the other characters are bland and have no personality.The anti cheat is bad though. Very Bad. I play some levels and have fun kill some cops and stuff, and in the top left a message pops up saying something along the lines. ""You failed to pass Anti-Cheat, multiplayer has been disabled for this session"". I don't know what it is but it happens to much. It doesn't bother me though.People are saying that the multiplayer is unballanced.The multiplayer is fine, if you don't have much weapons nor money. Then don't participate in multiplayer events, simple. I played for an hour before I got my first AR, its not that hard to get good weapons."
76561198126975019,Recommended,447040,29285735,Posted: 15 January,all,wolfinston85,"Really good, kinda surprised considering this game comes from Ubisoft, just everything about it screams something to be created outside, or even against, companies such as Ubisoft, but who knows.What's amazing tho it's that the game ""technically"" is incredible, the graphics are great, there's top noch voice acting here, the optimization is fine, mainly because the freaking frame pacing is incredible so even when experiencing frame drops you have to be very sensible to actually notice a difference. Everything there it's great, but what's amazing is that the game at it's core its a very creative, unique, and fun experience, and in this day and age, of society, and of gaming, it's kinda rare to see games like this, with as much fun and uniqueness all jammed-packed into a single package.Everything about the recreation of San Fransisco looks detailed and beautiful in a lot of ways, something that i've known from pure research and incidents of some details that i'm familiar with, so while I might be wrong, the city and the world still looks diverse, and it's great, the gameplay it's also pretty fun, mainly because this time around it doesn't take itself to seriously, so you never really feel like there is this ""compacted"" feeling when traversing through the city, driving, or while in combat, like there used to be in the last game.Which, when really you compared them both, they're like a night and day type of transformation, the characters in the first Watch Dogs were in my opinion incredibly dull and boring, none of the carried as much personality as I wanted them to, and the main character, Aiden Pierce (I think?) was just a bag of cliches of lies and depression, something that can work under some circumstances, but sadly not in the ones presented by the first game.In this game the characters, the world, everything tho, it's just really pleasing, it's enjoyable to hear them, it's funny when they crack and actual joke that came from the heart and not something just mentioned for the sake of trying to stablish a connection with people that don't exist, like past games from Ubisoft seemed to have done, or even this one seemed like it was going to, assuming people watched the trailers and the general press coverage that the game got, which in my opinion doesn't represent even in the slightest the actual experience of the game, which just ends up being ironic... And sad... For the game that is.Since my neighbors have already started screaming like pigs taken to a slaughterhouse, I guess I need to finish this ""review"" earlier than expected, what you should know is this: Watch Dogs 2 it's a departure from the first game in almost every aspect, except in the ones that were part of the core gameplay experience, which in my opinion where amongst the few aspects of the past game that you could hold up as the only ""pros"" that that game had.Yes you should get it, yes I guess you should wait for a sale, but that's really up to you, Isnt it?"
76561198061220092,Not Recommended,447040,29287013,Posted: 15 January,all,DGKmann,"I enjoyed the game for the most part the gameplay is okay and the 4k graphics are prettybut i have a 1060 6gb and i5 4670 16gb ram its a pretty powerful computer and no matter what i do with the settings its basically the same because its poorly optomised, when you drive its always down 7-11 frames theres no way to stablize the game and have good graphics, but besides that the story levels were good but the cutscenes were sometimes really cringy that fat hacker woman was really honestly too much i was being triggered by about 1000 memes at once the more i write the more things i think about that frustrated and bothered me about the game and ive got too say after beating the game and ♥♥♥♥ing around for a little whille your never going to touch it again anyone who purchased the season pass i feel bad because i know theres nothing they will add but pointless skins and cars because all they want this to be is the next gta online, ubisoft never fails to disapoint me, if you want this game wait until its 10$ like the original watch dogs is on sale, its a worthy price for this, watch dogs diserves to be thrown in the trash whilst this is worthy of a shelving sadly i will never get my money or time back from this game but at least i can tell others not too buy it, do not buy this game unless you want to waste money"
76561198341823318,Recommended,447040,29307672,Posted: 16 January,all,SnipeCookie,Really like this game but the time it takes to launch is ridiculous.
,Recommended,447040,29307700,Posted: 16 January,all,shaddoe,>Cause a massive chain explosion>It Ain't Me starts playing
,Recommended,447040,29301623,Posted: 16 January,all,Blackaroni and Chizzle,it continually freezes over and over again sometimes for over an hour its still a pretty good game but i dont think it holds its value
,Recommended,447040,29305006,Posted: 16 January,all,danconn,"I do recommend this game despite it's numerous and well published flaws.  It is bt far the buggiest AAA release I've played in a long time.  I had several crashes (despite having a fairly beefy rig) and some of my progress (Scout X) was wiped for no apparent reason.  With all that being said, the game is good.  The main story is well written if not perfect (there is some hinting at an intrigue that never really pays off) and I liked all the characters.  The setting is beatiful and it does a good job of following the original.I would have given three stars if that were an option but since most of the bugs should be worked out before anyone uses this review a ""reecommend"" will do."
,Recommended,447040,29306871,Posted: 16 January,all,SPOOKY MEMES,much better then the previous game
,Recommended,447040,29307409,Posted: 16 January,all,TheProficy,"Definitely way better than Watch Dogs 1. The ability to hack everyone and everything is simply incredible. The graphics are absolutely stunning and the gameplay is amazing. There are a couple things that don't feel as good as the first game, such as hacking traffics lights. I'll be ready to hack them, and just as I'm about to do so, it automatically aims at a parked car or someones phone and I end up hacking that instead. Even when I do hack the lights, it doesn't feel as good as the first game. It was more satisfying to watch a group of cars smash head-on into each other in Watch Dogs 1, but in Watch Dogs 2 it feels depressing. It's not as exciting. But apart from that, it's an amazing game. If anyone has a decent PC and they can afford it, I'd highly recommend it. But don't buy it through Uplay otherwise, chances are, you won't be able to activate it through Steam. The Steam copy automatically adds the Uplay copy to your Uplay game library once it's installed. If you decide to buy some DLC for the game, get it through Steam as well. I've seen that some people who've bought some DLC through Uplay and it doesn't get added into the game. I've bought 2 DLCs through Steam and they all work fine. If you buy them while you're in-game, you will need to restart your game so Uplay can activate them."
,Recommended,447040,29307547,Posted: 16 January,all,Bahriel Science's,grafik mantap misi ok cuman di laptop gw agak lag...
76561197960891946,Recommended,447040,29300134,Posted: 16 January,all,SlasherMCT,"Quite good fun, but then they start doing timed hacks where some NPC starts resetting what you have done every minute or so.  Not fun at all.  I like to take my time with puzzles and I am not fast enough to solve the puzzle in 4 minutes and halfway through resolve stuff.That's it - I can't complete the main story.Also it tries to force you online into shared missions and I have no interest in that at all."
,Not Recommended,447040,29317702,Posted: 17 January,all,Kill0matic,"TEST YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥UBISOFT.!Freshly installed win7.  Crash on intro cutscene.Freshly installed win10 on another PC:  Black screen before game loads.After wasting way too many hours sifting trough garbage youtube vids and forums with install XyZ crapware.trying running all components as admin , compatability mode for win 7 8 vista , reinstalling nvidia drivers, uplay anticheat , disabling random windows defender etc you ♥♥♥♥ing name it.Still a black screen on load and nothing else.Both pc's runs Witcher 3 and similary demanding titles on ultra settings without a hitch.The 1H ive spent *in* this game have been looking at crashes , ♥♥♥♥tards on youtube claiming they found the solution and a black nothingness.Would I recommend this ?  ♥♥♥♥ NO !  If i want to debug♥♥♥♥♥♥code I can do that as a job.pc1 i5 2gen , 10 series nvidia, pc2 pentium 4th gen, 10 series nvidia++++++++++++++++OHH Great, after fiddling with the game, I notice this little tidbit,(Please note: CPU with less than 4 cores will very likely cause a black screen when you launch the game)I think steam could emphasize this  and not just write: minimum  == random quadcore intel / hexcore AMD cpus.okey so this game crashes on my quadcore and actually isnt supported on dualcore PC's , possibly including dualcore's with HT. SIGH!this still doesnt explain the crashes i had on my quadcore."
76561198185341143,Recommended,447040,31021655,Posted: 8 April,all,E-The-Big-D,"Pros :- Caracters are really funny, which is WAY better than the first one.- Nice open world activity. The worlds seems to interact around you.- Side caracters (Other members of the group) are really well built.Cons:- Optimization, you can get some dips... sometime I average 120 frames that 50 ... thats a bummer.- Quite short, finished all missions plus sides missions in 25h.- Can get repetitve... like every open world these days.Final thought : Nice game I would rate it 7.5/10. I had fun playing it ! I bought the game for 47.99 CAD during a sale. I would recommend not to buy this game full price due to his short story but if you can get it at 30-40% its a BUY !"
76561198172479574,Recommended,447040,29692068,Posted: 4 February,all,Freddy McFriendzone,"Watch_Dogs 2 has had some bad reputation but the game is actually pretty good. Some of the 'not so good' things about the game are the following: nothing to do after finishing story, story misssions (not side quests) is about as long as Uncharted 1 (pretty short), the ant-cheat system is a little broken, the hipster talk can get pretty annoying after a while. Though I like the game because: good alternative to gta where it's not too familiar but still has some similar aspects, decent story, good graphics if you have a very good gaming computer (which I don't), fun gameplay, creative missions, fun multiplayer, interesting first characters and this is, most of all, one of the greatest apologies from Ubisoft. Please give this game a try."
,Recommended,447040,29703959,Posted: 4 February,all,prototype >>,"Overall, I really enjoyed Watch_Dogs 2.  The addition of the drones to assist in your hacking, and delivery of explosives is fantastic and well used.  San Francisco feels like a vibrant, life-filled city, and the missions always had a little bit of something about them.  When not on a mission, there's plenty of ""busy work"" to be done, but at least you don't need to climb towers to unlock parts of the map; it's all there to begin with.This feels like more of a stealth game than the original Watch_Dogs, but that's perfectly fine given the cast, and the tools you have at your disposal.The one thing that I did find a tad out of place was that the group of people you associate with, and play as yourself didn't really fit the aesthetic of killers; I could totally get behind Marcus tasering someone in order to get in and hack a system, but taking them down lethally did feel like a stretch of the imagination, compared to Aiden in the first game."
76561198147963940,Recommended,447040,29412961,Posted: 21 January,all,A2KxNovaa,"tl:dr version of a review. Good graphics, great story line (like super great), had really good character development, wrench, and just a great experience. cons: it felt a bit lacking, the whole election pretty mmuch went quiet, and the enemies are too predictable."
76561197960292106,Recommended,447040,29431182,Posted: 22 January,all,Misterinpact,Really a good game (the first one was a big disappointment). All the artistic part is excellent. I hope it they will male a new one.
76561198069492400,Recommended,447040,28351891,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Nero,"Ubisoft took an extra 2 weeks to spit out the Watch_Dogs 2 pc port. TIME WELL SPENT. This game is probably the most cohesive port I could have hoped for. I was nervous about the hacking because of how it worked on the controllers but R F C and Spacebar are just such a good fit. Seriously this game could have been trash but they made sure it delivers on EVERY detail. You'll seldom find yourself bored and certainly wont feel burned getting this. Esspecially if you play the Coop, its actually fantastic. I love just how many missions there are. You might go to the same place but never to do the same thing and its always fun to infiltrait from somewhere new. I was blown away by just how much content is here. Between all the side activities which are all quite fun and fitting, all the side operations, the lengthy main operation and the coop and online. SOMEHOW all wrapped up into 19 gb. This game just....its so good, seriously.:edit: Also its kinda not even optimized. Like compared to i dunno siege, farcry, everything else ubisoft puts out this game just runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its amazing, but its annoying how often you get spotted or your parkour animation just stops halfway through. It really tells you that for the 3 years of development not a single minute was spent polishing"
76561198214556331,Recommended,447040,29415668,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr. Merk,AMAZING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,447040,29353611,Posted: 19 January,all,FiXR,"+ Better Better Better Better Gameplay than watchdogs 1+ Very Good Radio Soundtrack, i ♥♥♥♥ing love it!+ Beautiful Landscape Environtment, Beautiful City (I Love San Francisco) no wonder if we often see rare pokemon in san francisco in real life :/ ehm, i cannot deny that i love the rain in this san francisco.+ Funny Characters+ Main Story is good!+ side mission is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and prety hard sometimes! this side story have many  varieties of mission, i always mad when recieved too much side mission on the other game, but in this watchdogs 2 i like ""oh here we go!"" when i got new side mission.+ Lovely Exploration+ Zodiac Killer DLC Mission is ♥♥♥♥ing Great+ Multiplayer / Coops session is fun!+ well, i see what you did there Aiden Pearce :p99.9% Very Reccomended To Play!!!"
76561198353053270,Recommended,447040,29380604,Posted: 20 January,all,xxzombiedog88,this game is amazing the story aspect of it is truly inspiring but the multilayer is a letdown
76561198066514935,Recommended,447040,29346369,Posted: 18 January,all,ItsTheBirdd,Worst stealth Mechanics ever.
,Recommended,447040,29349410,Posted: 18 January,all,Kenny11265,"In this game, there are so many things to do and see. So many things to hack and discover, people to meet, events to see, storys to tell, places to find. Stealthing your way through is the one of the most satisfying things I've seen in a game. Great optimization, even with a low/high end rig it ran fine (SPECS BELOW).Yet, I spent 35 minutes straight today in a coffee shop drinking coffee and hacking hippie's bank accounts. I give this game 2 Dogs out of 2    | (2/2) |   Would enjoy again.SPECS:CPU: i7-6700K @ 4.6 GHzGPU: SLi 2x GTX 980sHDD: 5400 RPM HDD | 750 GB + 128 GB SSD  (Game is on HDD)Tested with onboard Intel HD Graphics. Ran 25-30 on lowest 720p. So if you have anything above that (I assume most people nowadays do even if its a business desktop/laptop) then your good."
76561197996030905,Recommended,447040,29411819,Posted: 21 January,all,Malcolm_SeXXX,"Pros:-Runs well on my machine-Very accurate representation of the Bay Area-Cool characters and great voice acting-Well integrated Co-Op and PvP multiplayer-Triggers the Alt-RightCons:-Mission can get repetitive-I don't know why guns are included. I guess people want the option, but your character is a nerd and a hacktivist, not a killer."
76561198240561112,Not Recommended,447040,29386794,Posted: 20 January,all,shawn13b,The game runs so poorly. The missions are so plain and repetative. Story is boring as it gets. 2/10. Would not recommend
76561198255985391,Recommended,447040,29386840,Posted: 20 January,all,03cjpiers,I love this game to bits but the constant crashing and low frame rate drive me nuts. Dev plz look into this i tried truning down my field of veiw my resolution and my pixel quality and i still get 17 fps
,Recommended,447040,29377892,Posted: 20 January,all,PECE_Mast3r_Race,This is the True Watch_Dogs 1
76561198126643447,Recommended,447040,29399818,Posted: 21 January,all,daily plays,10/10 brill game musty buy
76561198045105476,Recommended,447040,29391751,Posted: 20 January,all,充氡气泡水,"There is only ONE mission you can carry every ♥♥♥♥ing gun you have.other time, you are just a boy with toy."
,Recommended,447040,29390455,Posted: 20 January,all,printerdeskfanspeaker,Needs more side quests or something. I beat the game way too fast. Otherwise 10/10
,Recommended,447040,29390813,Posted: 20 January,all,KEK7go,Much better than the original.
76561197969333202,Recommended,447040,29388755,Posted: 20 January,all,TimC,"EXCELLENT game!  A lot of fun side missions, great controls, great soundtrack, and great characters!"
76561198107914089,Recommended,447040,29388904,Posted: 20 January,all,Prison Mike,"Game is great and fun, but if you put graphics below high you cant look at it. Also a good chunk of dialouge is painful to listen to."
76561198221953920,Recommended,447040,29493377,Posted: 25 January,all,travyl kazmoz,"this is a great game, but i hate that i cannot use my Xbox One controller. there's an option to use an Xbox One controller in the settings, but the left stick acts as both the left and right stick.i hope the devs patch that quickly. other than this one gripe, this is a nearly perfect game, it look F***ing amazing, some of the songs are great, and it plays well. overall i'm pleased with my purchase."
,Recommended,447040,29493406,Posted: 25 January,all,Vape Nashe ~~~,"Personally I'd have to say this has one of the most compelling stories that I've seen in a while. The fluidity of the game mechanics and everything that you may have loved from the previous game have been blended together. It has a very GTA V-like charm to it, however, this game definitely has its own personality that makes it nearly indistinguishable from other games. Thank you Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,29500434,Posted: 26 January,all,Jehovah's Thiccness,"its very good, good gameplay, good story, didn't get tired of missions 10/10."
76561198162979535,Recommended,447040,29500803,Posted: 26 January,all,T☣XIC,"Great open world game, Ubisoft really outdid this one"
,Recommended,447040,29498496,Posted: 26 January,all,cwilliam440,nice game!
,Recommended,447040,29506269,Posted: 26 January,all,SKREFI,"It is a fun game and the multiplayer is a good, but it will become boring after 10 co-op missions played! The online missions are very repetitive.It is a stealth based game and even if you can go and kill every one the game is made to be done Ghost Mode!Some bad things about the game is, in my opinion, driving, very arcade! You can't do flips on the motorcycle.It have some bugs too (experience only):-If you drive over the things that pop up from ground to stop enemies (or what ever) and activate them you will fly up to 50 meters in the air.-Lightning on the motorcycle have a problem too. The inside of the front wheel is lighted too and god would have a problem with this :D-You can get stucked between (for example) fences and crates (That's how a friend couldn't move in a mission!Overall it have a very good story and it is fun to play even multyplayer wich is repetitive!"
,Recommended,447040,29482592,Posted: 25 January,all,PimN,"Watch_Dogs 2 does alot of things right, and improves upon the great idea that was Watch_Dogs. Where Watch_Dogs had a dull and uninteresting world, this sequel brings with it the vivid and colorful city of San Fransisco (As well as surrounding areas).The story is okay, there's not alot of depth to it. On top of that, there's an occasional overused punch line or joke in conversations. The gameplay and shooting mechanics are solid, and you can hack way more things than you used to be able to in Watch_Dogs.Watch_Dogs 2 is a solid title, with good performance on PC. There's plenty of hours to get out of this game. Overall, this is a sequel done right (and it's done by Ubisoft?!?!?)."
76561198133465739,Recommended,447040,29485272,Posted: 25 January,all,benjit,"over all a fun game however the downside is it crashes every time i play it ive done everything needed to do, everything is upto date but still the game crashes! so annoying because i actually want to mess around on this game. the missions and characters are so fun, i mean its a bit hard to believe this guy mr halloway can go from using a stun gun and a laptop to using heavy shotguns and machine guns gunning people like police and gangs down in the street, but you take the realism out of it its brilliant fun. just wish they fix the damn game from crashing."
,Recommended,447040,29532155,Posted: 27 January,all,v0ltinup,"This game is great compared to wd1 mainly because they 1, Fixed many bugs that were problems in the first game. 2, they added alot of new content and made the game more colorful. 2, they made the hacking in the game fun. 3, they did not ♥♥♥♥ up the story of the game and make the games story less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (at least i think) 4, the game has more likeable charactors unlike most people in wd1. And last but not least 5, the multiplayer is fun unlike the cluster ♥♥♥♥ of  a multiplayer in wd1"
76561197967530680,Recommended,447040,29308802,Posted: 16 January,all,__MiD,"compare to other games and play all game is hardest diffcultpros- I am playing in asia, game shows correct text(shop name), speak tone(english+local+dubai) is correct (all game i play in my life GTA1~5, sleeping dogs...those game text are wrong and not make any sense)- once games start player are play in multiplayer mode but there are few player so you wont feel lag most the time- a whole mission run as parts that can easly debug and dont need to restart the whole mission- phone design- graphic design- much better than watch dog 2- feels like you are in SFcons- without look at the way you turn in cockpit view and camera view keep auto centre even turn it to 0%- if someone hack you you must clean them out no matter what is doing- only 5 motorbikeothers- bulldozer is hard to break down even using heavy gun or scope (both headshoot) gun- takedown action take too long- FBI, police, national security mostly sit. I mean there only security and FBI only shows up once"
76561198267997508,Recommended,447040,29311032,Posted: 16 January,all,Chromaniac,Nice
,Not Recommended,447040,29315563,Posted: 17 January,all,OneCha ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"Unfortunately Ubisofts change password website does not work... after typing the new password , confirmation password and then after clicking ok... a loading screen/gif appear then dissapear then... nothing more"
,Not Recommended,447040,29313159,Posted: 17 January,all,ELiTE,"This is by far a much better polished game than Watch Dogs 1, but there is a lot missing and effort put in the wrong areas.I could write a ten page report on how, why, and specifically where Watch Dogs 2 needs improvement. But I'm going to keep this as brief as possible (also out of order).WD2 is much smoother, and the game detail is substantial above a lot of games. It looks great, it feels great, and I'm glad to see Ubisoft focused on at least a few important things. The open world looks great. They put much deserved effort into making the world feel alive and focusing on the little things of it. Textures are on par and the world is a fair size. Maybe a bit small because there's a ridiculous amount of water. And I guess it's fair since they utterly FAILED ON MULTIPLAYER. Okay, this is my biggest dissapointment. Online you can only play with one friend. You can play with a third, but only if they Evade you two while playing in the open world. This game had so much potential, especially in the open world, and it failed. Had it been larger, and they continued to deliver on the good details, up to 8 players in freeplay would have been awesome and made WD2 a satisfying game. This is ultimately what I was counting on, since WD1 supported multiple players in free roam. I mean, the world is a blast to explore and cause chaos in, but doing it with one person is not enough. How about allowing at least 4? This game BRAGS about future proofing with the free download (5GB) of nicer textures and ridiculously high and advanced settings, yet they couldn't bother allowing multiple players in the open world. I'll never let this off Ubisoft; you don't introduce something that is great and remove it in a similar game or even an entirely different game with similar concepts. Driving is still garbage, but there are a few things about it that were done fairly well: accelerating, body scrap noisese (a ripped bumper will make noise when rubbing against itself), e-brake, and the boost. I despise the braking and the physics will sometimes act up when going on uneven surfaces (curved ramps going up in garages are the main issue though). The shooting is spot on much better. Although there seems to be a bug (at least with a controller) preventing you from shooting when you are aiming down the sights and just got done doing something else (you are required to let go of the trigger and press it again to shoot). I'm not sure how to explain it, but this bug has gotten me killed dozens of times. The story is awesome and very interesting, although the missions themselves are very stale. There are no twists or anything interesting happening. All the interesting action happens in cutscenes, most of which are too short for having stale missions without twists or anything to make the story interesting. The characters have interesting personalities and although I discredited the scripts as sounding cheesy when looking into the game, the characters are played fairly well and it reminisces of those socially-incapable, awkward kids you knew in middle school with similar personalities. Shooting is great. BUT, this game put too much potential into stealth. It punishes you for not doing stealth, and punishes you even more for not abusing (or hacking) the game itself. It is difficult to enjoy a mission when stealth is poorly mechanized into the game. While shooting is really good, I can't enjoy it for most missions because I get punished too hard. And the only action is shooting and the only way to cause chaos and help yourself is hack their headsets to make a screetch noise and call a fully upgraded gang on them. You can also detonate grenades, but for most missions this is not something that would have been a good idea. Had Ubisoft invested some more into stealth, they could have almost completely or entirely ridden guns and left the challenge more to strategically sneaking around and hacking. For missions, the only enjoyable missions are the main missions and some side missions. But most are pretty bland, especially having no interesting twists (say, maybe the cops find out about something or maybe a character is caught on scene and one gets away but the other doesn't or whatever idk). The only focus was on the BIG PICTURE, and if you ever look at the big picture, you will always fail. You have to see the mountain, and never look at it again. You need to focus on getting through each big of the forest. The music was terrible. The only good music is in a few missions, and most of the time it is poorly implemented into the mission and is not edited to last long enough, etc. This game was essentially all voice, car engines, and no music except a few songs. Very dissapointing, especially for how much work they invested in the in-game radio. And you can't even add your own music >_>.Overall, there is a lot to be learned from this game of what to do, and what not to do.What improved and is overall great is:+ Driving+ Shooting+ Storyline+ Characters+ Depth of the open world+ Improved concept of hacking (better integrated with the player and equipment)+ Performance (I have a GTX 970 and it runs 'eh' in terms of PC Master Race Preference, but it's still better than the console experience by a large margin)What didn't go well and ruins the game is:- Lack of depth of the story (stale missions; it's like Ubisoft was scared to get creative with twisting the story in-game -_- )- Stupid side missions and crap like we have had throughout all Farcry and Assassin's Creed games.- Multiplayer (lack of free roam players; random players randomly dropping in)- EVERY repetetive mission like we've seen in Farcry and AC.- MUSIC; WTF EVEN HAPPENED HERE?!!!- Punishes too much for certain things (should have invested into stealth withOUT the Splinter Cell take on stealth; maybe by adding new [and revolutionary?] player mechanics)- There probably won't be a WD3, so Ubisoft won't be able to fix these issues, and since they surpassed WD1 by so much, people are accepting enough of WD2 and Ubisoft can take that for what it is and never look at WD again.WD2 felt like WD1 super-updated and with a better world, new story, and new characters. A lot of what happened felt like very little effort was invested. You will almost always be alone during a mission, and everything is stale. I enjoyed the WD1 storyline, and WD2 also has a pretty good storyline. But I couldn't buy a WD3 unless they focused on developing a NEW game and not copying and pasting everything (mechanics and game ideas like repetetive side missions, etc) and slapping on new textures. Ubisoft is still terrible. ESPECIALLY because of UPlay."
76561198157856469,Recommended,447040,29313519,Posted: 17 January,all,club24,is good
,Recommended,447040,29314184,Posted: 17 January,all,Os Bu,"I like the game, but the FPS issue still gets me..."
76561198068063867,Not Recommended,447040,29320078,Posted: 17 January,all,causa.anser,"Game reality is so stupid it can barely be explained in few sentances.Hack notebooks through cameras?Print complete electronic device or weapon on 3d printer?This is kinda ""enlarge those pixels"" in old movies.3 hours of playing including 1h of youtube videos, which I should have seen before buying this.Not even close to the dive I was expecting.Moves, hiding and 'parkour' - all three are glitchy, a lot of games went far ahead from here.The angle of attack is limited somehow.Not sure if there is something more, but nevermind, as I won't waste my time on this anymore.The only two things are good here:Graphics and animation - both done well, nice to see.Music - good, as much as i heard.Russian dudes: localization doesn't bring a half of a language used and sounds poor (actually NPCs sound more like club/model boys than hackers)"
76561198170371767,Recommended,447040,29320145,Posted: 17 January,all,PuddinBandit,loved it it wuz cool
,Recommended,447040,29347725,Posted: 18 January,all,JakeFlit,"Interesting game, the parkour is for the most part pretty accurate, it's a lot of fun to flip around everywhere. I love everything about the game except for the lack of thought into the stealth, it's rediculously hard to stay undetected, as soon as a guard sees you, everyone in the facility knows where you are, he doesn't take a second to use a radio or something."
,Not Recommended,447040,29644096,Posted: 1 February,all,Ebber,"Probably the only review I am ever going to write, but after trying to get into this game for a longer than I'd like I just want this perspective out there. I was not nearly as big of a critic of the first Watch Dogs game as most seemed to be. I thought the city was beautiful to walk around in (""BUT THE GRAPHICS WEREN'T AS GOOD AS THEY PROMISE"" shut up, they were fine.) and I enjoyed the story. Now I know that's where a lot of people took issue with the original Watch Dogs. They think that Aiden talked too much about getting revenge for his niece, that he wouldn't lighten up. I mean, I think it's reasonable to be a bit vindictive after someone kills your young niece, but whatever.Although apparently the directors for Watch Dogs 2 took that message to heart. Seeing as how in Watch Dogs 2 you play as this nerdy but supposedly funny SJW that, inbetween getting wasted on the beach, going to burning man to cheer up, and nerding out over a new cheesy movie with his friends, likes to solve the social problems of our world by playing ""sick pranks"" on the evil corporate masterminds. That includes tricking a Pharma CEO into spending a million dollars on a new rap album that doesn't exist, or stealing the prop car for a new movie that is making fun of hackers and taking it on a joy ride around San Fransisco. And the most bewildering part of these pranks is that you are murdering between 1-10 security guards and cops just so you can pull off your dope pranks. It makes no sense! They aren't some gang bangers who are selling crack to the youth of SF, they're just some blue color employee who get gunned down by a meme slinging hacker who is just looking to have fun. It completely ruins any sort of immersion for me.And here I can say one positive thing about the game, the map is also very pretty, but that's about it... The game has the same subpar gunplay and driving mechanics that were in the first Watch Dogs game, and aside from the addition of some gimmicky remote controlled cars and helicopters, the hacking mechanics are pretty much the same.Like it said, I just want my perspective out there, I know this game is receiving much higher reviews than its predecessor, but for those out there that enjoyed the original Watch Dogs, be wary about this purchase."
76561197997548518,Recommended,447040,29594239,Posted: 30 January,all,chrisleeds,great game
,Recommended,447040,29592994,Posted: 30 January,all,Matt,Ubisoft finally learned that having an edgy loner as a protagonist isn't very appealing.
,Recommended,447040,29751642,Posted: 6 February,all,Trait,"Just finished this game today and felt the need to share what a great time I had with it. The open world (something I've come quite out of favour with lately) is rich and vibrant and just a great place to be. All the collectibles have an urban puzzle like feel to them and feel very satisfying to solve most of them. You feel like you are in somewhere special and there's so many things to discover. The soundtrack is fantastic as well and have been enjoying it out of the game on spotify, as well. The story and missions are fun and they've managed to make stealth subtle and interesting (if you choose to go that route). Morally, the intentions of the group are sometimes quite questionable but overall it's a great rump and well worth the money."
76561198029596190,Recommended,447040,29579454,Posted: 29 January,all,127.0.0.1,"Very nice compared to the first one. More polished, more fun to explore the city. I still wish it was somewhat more realistic though."
,Not Recommended,447040,29580426,Posted: 29 January,all,Kasavara,"Disclaimer:This isMY OPINIONregardless of if you agree or disagree with it. In no way do I claim this review to be the same experience for everyone.What I likedThe dialogue and comedy the entire game was a lot better than the previous game. It was also nice to listen to the citizens moreorless discuss things that happened on the news as a result of something the player did instead of the same 5 lines of dialogue after 2 hours.Handling in vehicles was a lot better.Cars canhave nitro when the skill is unlockedwhich just makes the whole experience more bearable for driving.Parkour / ability to get to places was a lot better than Watch_Dogs and gave a lot more options to get to a place compared to the original.The amount of things you can hack and how you can hack them is a lot larger than the previous game.The amount of customization and options given to the player is nice.The 'SF Driver' app to make some extra EXP/Cash is nice.The stun gun early on is actually surprisingly useful.You can hack the security robots to help you.You can get Research Points (skill points) from around the city (without levelling up).You can find money drops around the city without having to hack someone to get the information of the location of the drop. There's also a lot more money drops than in the original game.What I didn't care for85% of the weapons in the game. Just like in Watch_Dogs, you can run around with 1 silenced weapon of any kind and 1 high-powered non-silenced weapon and plow through the game.There a lot of collectibles in the game but they're just customizables.The amount of cars you can choose from. It's nice to have the options but I only found myself either using the car I bought (Baumsteiger) or finding a Fiammetta somewhere in the city.The customization on weapons/vehicles/quadcopter/RC jumper. It's nice to have I guess but it's not something you'll really notice long-term.Any of the characters. There was little to no backstory for the characters making it hard to care for any of them at any point.Getting'Key Data'from all these different places to unlock skills. Not terribly difficult, just extremely annoying.The distances between mission points goes from being a few blocks away to being an entire bridge away. Instead of driving there, I ended up just using quick travel to the closest spot possible and getting a car there instead of driving all the way to each one.What I didn't like at all((This probably just happened to my game.))While playing, when I wanted to use my mouse to switch weapons or navigate my phone, it would sometimes glitch and the game would temporarily go into this ""Not Responding"" state. This happened in all 3 modes: Windowed, Borderless Window, and Full screen.The cost of the Fiammetta. By the end of the game (after buying a total of approximately 5 guns, the quadcopter, the RC Jumper, and a Baumsteiger, I still didn't have enough. I was still 100k off even after delaying doing the main mission in order to do tons of side missions.Coffee shops are completely pointless (from what I could tell) whereas coffee (and water) previously gave a focus boost in the previous game.Chess (game + puzzles) and Poker are gone and replaced with races. I hate this the most since it was nice to have the option to play them instead of being restricted to the 1 type of game.In order to buy cars, you had to go to the proper dealership in some cases. Not sure why I couldn't just buy all the vehicles from my phone considering the game is supposed to be in a future where everything is digital...The keys for the Quadcopter and the RC Jumper are right next to the grenade and often times instead of hitting the grenade key to save myself, I get locked in the long animation to pull out the quadcopter or rc jumper.The amount of time it takes to: Get the Quadcopter out, get the RC Jumpter out, do a physical hack (either with the RC Jumper or with Marcus) is extremely annoying. If you're doing a physical hack with Marcus and an enemy is shooting you, there is no getting out of it. You just have to hope you can finish the hack before you die.Before one of the more recent patches, there wasONLY. ONE. VOLUME BAR. THE MASTER VOLUME.Instead of getting to balance the game audio how you please, you were forced to listen to everything at the exact same volume. It's still annoying even now that you can't control how loud voices are in comparison to effects as well as control over the music volume.The hacking puzzles. The first few seem interesting as a concept but it just becomes a monotonous task after awhile.Major spoiler: THE ENTIRE PLOT.As I mentioned, there's little to no backstory on the characters making the ending of the game extremely lackluster. At some point during the game, you find Raymond Kenney (the super hacker from Watch_Dogs) who, if you only play this game, you don't care about. In your squad, you have a team of Horatio (who gets murdered), Wrench (who has his mask stolen temporarily and you have to retrieve it), Josh (he's just good at hacking) and Sitara (the graphic designer of DeadSec). What do you know about their backstory: Nothing. There's nothing interesting about any of these characters. The most interesting character of them all is Wrench for his mask and his... odd relationship with technology.The end of the game involves you having to play as Sitara and Wrench before you do Marcus' part.Part 1: SitaraSitara's job is easy but annoying. You can't use the Quadcopter/RC Jumper that you worked so hard for in this part of the mission. Instead, as Sitara, you have to run around and do one of the hacking puzzles in 90 seconds or less.Part 2: WrenchYou have to fight the Umeni Corp (and there's a lot of them) without using any AoE (area of effect) hacks. After the fighting for awhile (depending on how you decide to deal with the situation), you have to sit and hack the server by... sitting and waiting... and then you have to go down and blow stuff up.Part 3: MarcusFINALLY you're back as the character you built. First you have to hack 2 routers on opposite sides of the main lobby you're in while avoiding all the guards. It's not exactly easy to do this with so many guards roaming around. After you've managed to hack both, you go to the staircase in the middle of the fountain to get to a massive server farm that you then get to hack into without problem. When you're done hacking, you have to once again, face Umeni Corp and escape. This time they have a group of heavies waiting near the exit doors if you get past the grunts at the server level.The ending: Dusan Nemec gets put in jail. He was the CTO of Blume. For WHATEVER REASON, Raymond Kenney decides to join in on the meeting of Dusan Nemec.And that's the whole game.Overall the game is really lackluster for a sequel. No backstories, boring and EXTREMELY typical plot line (Antagonist shown early on but character doesn't know it, main character goes through this fight trying to get to the antagonist to stop them, antagonist keeps increasing their protection, main character does more than the antagonist does and eventually wins.), repetitive gameplay - it all just gets boring after a few missions. The open world aspect is nice, but there's not a lot that really makes the player want to replay the game. Once the game's beaten, it's beaten. There's no game-changing choice anywhere in the game that would add any form of replayability for, if anything, the ending."
,Not Recommended,447040,29621475,Posted: 31 January,all,DeerTrivia,"Meh. It's a C+ at best.I'm honestly not sure why this is a Watch_Dogs game considering how rarely hacking is necessary, beyond simply calling a guard's cellphone to distract them before hitting them with the stun gun. The game offers you skills like Mass Vehicle Hack and Blackouts and whatnot, but I never faced a single scenario that came close to needing them. I'm not saying I was expecting a realistic hacking simulator, but if you're basing your game around the conceit that the player's cellphone can manipulate an entire city's infrastructure and the populace, you really should be able to come up with better scenarios than ""Go to office building, hack computer"" over and over and over and over again. What good are God-like powers if there's never any need to use them, and no creative ways to use them? This is basically an average, middle of the road open-world game with a ""Press LB to do mildly useful thing"" mechanic. Not exactly riveting stuff.Story's hit-and-miss, leaning heavily towards miss. There are a few genuinely cool parts - Marcus and Wrench's friendship, the occasional bit of meta (Marcus fanboying over Aidan Pearce), some of the obvious digs at real world events. The core Deadsec group is a likeable enough bunch, well written and well acted. But the game has no narrative momentum at all - it's pretty much established at the start that Blume and ctOS are evil, and 20 hours later... yep, they're still evil alright. The game never builds up to a big reveal, or a ""We have to stop them before they X,"" or any kind of narrative payoff. You kinda just♥♥♥♥♥♥around and mess with the bad guy until he arbitrarily decides he's had enough, at which point you get the ""This is the Final Mission"" prompt.There's lots of small narrative threads that never really get explained, and many writing snafus (Sitara teases one mission with ""You'd better bring explosives,"" yet when you arrive for the mission briefing, she says ""Blowing up voting machines? Doesn't that seem a little extreme?""). You and your comrades also have a total lack of self-awareness, but I guess playing as people who realize what massive hypocrites they are doesn't test well. And there's gangs for some reason, but they are completely irrelevant until the game wants to make a really haphazard attempt at yanking your heartstrings near the end. They become relevant for two missions, then go right back to not mattering. All in all, this is not the game for you if you want a compelling or coherent story.(Also, was the public really crying out for the return of Raymond Kenney? He's bland-on-a-stick. There's nothing even remotely interesting about him, but apparently he needs to show up to provide TENSION~ that never really goes anywhere.)There's nothing about WD2 that's really awful. It's functional. The gameplay works (though it's easily exploited: if ever your RC car is spotted, just use Phone Distract on whoever spotted it - instant amnesia!). But much like it's hacking systems, the game is just completely inessential. It's unnecessary. It provides little to nothing of value. There's nothing this game does that hasn't been done better a dozen times over. If you want an interesting city to explore, get GTA5. If you want an open world game with a good story, get Sleeping Dogs. If you want a fun sandbox to play in, get Saints Row."
76561198032578543,Recommended,447040,29737253,Posted: 6 February,all,Felix,"This game has exceeded my expectation. Hacking in open world is omething i loved most in this serise. WD 1 was good but dull character and downgrade hurt that game badly. As if it was not enough ubi tried to justify it which was biggest mistek. I guess that was the reason WD2 didnt sell. Even I canceled my preorder after some time and bought the game in sale.WD2 has great graphics, good story line but the biggest win is the enviorment in which the game is taking place. This is how big companies buy and sell our data (or should I say sell us). Great concept well executed. the only thing i will complain is story was a bit short and wasn't  as much gripping as lets say AC2 or AC:BF.I hope desipte these poor sales the serise continues. Great JOB UBISOFT."
76561198044096663,Recommended,447040,29740523,Posted: 6 February,all,Sehnsüchtiger Engel,"I never got far in the first game. It didn't really have much appeal to me. This is a huge improvement in pretty much every way though. The characters are loveable, the dialogue is entertaining, and the gameplay is great. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed the puzzles. I often found myself distracted by minor objectives as well, just messing about.I do wish there were more side missions, because I finished them pretty early. It still took me over 30 hours to get through the entire game once. I hadn't done everything at that point either."
,Recommended,447040,30078887,Posted: 21 February,all,Banana,"🍌the story comedic, alot of action, big map. Not another ubisoft downgrade, because there is director mode, the driving doesn't seem bad as most of people say it is. This game is made to be funny in all sorts of ways, online-only 3 modes. DLC's are good pretty good worth time and money, after 90 hours I achieved all achievement yup this game was sick, not many animals, only dogs, and robotics. If you're online gamer I don't reccomend this game. 9/10.🍌"
,Recommended,447040,30086695,Posted: 21 February,all,sssSPARTACUSsss,i like this
,Recommended,447040,30098034,Posted: 22 February,all,kg,"78 minutes is all I could stand in Watch_Dogs (1), I didn't really plan on buying the second game for multiple reasons, the main one being Always on UPLAY and being bored out of my mind of Watch_Dogs(1). I hate the idea with a passion, I already have steam installed, why should I install another game manager.But I watched a review and I heard these points: 1. Gadgets (flying drone, jumper drone) 2. The mood of the game (it's exactly opposite of Watch_Dogs (1). This game, for the most part, is colourful and happy. As a casual gamer, this is exactly what I want from a game. What I didn't want is GTAV and playing the game mostly with drones is more rewarding than expected.I shot maybe 20 bullets in the entire game (and even that in the final missions, where droning was unexpectedly difficult, after stunning the guards, so they don't wake up).I put in significant effort to avoid the online interactions and disabled everything I could in settings, however I did complete all the single player side missions, they're a great way to gain unlocks in abilities.45 hours is what I got out of the base game(no dlc) and it didn't feel stale, I'd happily spend more time with it, if the dlcs were more clearly explained. I don't want to pay extra for skins/cars, but if there is a mission pack, I'd happily pay for it.Couple of tips that made me really enjoy the game:1. Buy the flying drone ASAP, don't spend money on anything, get it ASAP, it changes the game. I've completed countless missions without getting out of the car. Just drive up, use the flyer to scope and then the jumper to complete the mission. Then call back and drive off like a ghost, incredibly rewarding.2. Get Gang War and Evidence forgin perks, the chaos caused by unleashing thugs and police on the guards that are blocking your way is a great cover to let you do what you want.3. Dropping bombs/tazers from the flying drone is probably the most fun I've had in games for a very long time.P.S. Yes, FPS drops are an issue (even at 1080p with a gtx1070 and a very beefy pc), Yes, the game isn't extremely stable, it crashed maybe 15-20 times during my 45 hours, many times signifying that I should stop playing and do something useful :)"
,Recommended,447040,30071598,Posted: 20 February,all,Super Nickers!,Love Watch_Dogs 2. Now my favourite game of the year
76561198114053186,Recommended,447040,30081580,Posted: 21 February,all,Fluff,"This game is pretty fun to play. I've spent plenty of hours on it already and I'm really enjoying the game so far. Better than the first game by far.-Specs: EVGA GTX 960, 12gb vram, Intel i7 (will edit this later), 1920x1080 playing with Nvidia's optimal settings.-Gameplay: It runs smooth-ish but as I play it the frames and lag get worse and worse to the point where it's almost unplayable. Not sure why this is happening but I don't think it's the game's fault, could be that my CPU is bottle-necking my system. (If any one knows how to fix this, please help).-Online: I haven't actually played online so far, apart from the hacking missions and the occasional random person I find. The only complaint I have with the online is that it takes a while to connect to others.-Story: The story is a bit bland and repetitive, but let's be honest, who really bought it for the story? As far as the missions go, they're pretty okay but also a bit boring.-Side missions: As with most games, the side missions are repetitive but they are not aweful, a few of them are quite fun because they are repetitive.-Open world: This is by far the best open world game that I've played in a while.-Issues: The only real problem that I've encountered is that there are occasional frame drops and only one  CDT (so far). But the real problem is that it's pretty smooth when I first start the game, but as I keep playing the lag gets slightly worse and then suddenly tanks after about an hour and a half or so, to the point where it's practically unplayable.Overall this game is pretty solid and fun to mess around in. Although, I would recommend buying this when it's on sale."
76561198272608926,Recommended,447040,30047776,Posted: 19 February,all,owen_online,I'm playing this game for the majority of time that im on my computer. Great game!
,Recommended,447040,30070596,Posted: 20 February,all,Roku,Wtf it's good?
76561198315788445,Recommended,447040,30106379,Posted: 22 February,all,Seido,"I love this game its like GTA but you can like hack Stuff its cool C"":"
76561198083568932,Recommended,447040,30131413,Posted: 23 February,all,depression,HACKthePLANET
76561198081159655,Recommended,447040,30124984,Posted: 23 February,all,at'aek ON taitn,"Great, beautiful"
,Recommended,447040,30113446,Posted: 22 February,all,🅱ased stick Man,Found full russian mafia outfit and drove slav adidas car around san francisco unitl filthy western capitalist spy hacked me.He was sent to gulag swiftly.
,Recommended,447040,30114217,Posted: 22 February,all,KingofSpartas,More educational than Minecraft
76561198148041680,Recommended,447040,30114903,Posted: 23 February,all,TheSh!ttyGamer,Good but not great. More fun to roam around than doing actual missions. Would be better if the main character wasn't a hipster
,Recommended,447040,30119987,Posted: 23 February,all,BraveMan,perfect game
,Recommended,447040,29865662,Posted: 11 February,all,JKrak,"Absolutely love this game. One of the best I played all year. They really redeemed the first one with this one. It's a gripping story, that is very fluid and fun! Takes about 20 hours to complete the main story so good value."
,Not Recommended,447040,29894874,Posted: 13 February,all,Dank D. Eisenhower,"omg its so trash, optimization is trash. Runs at super low fps. Keeps crashing on one mission for NO REASON.  Hate this dumb game, waste of money.F Ubisoft sons of b"
76561198070030062,Recommended,447040,29879635,Posted: 12 February,all,headup81,Way more fun than the first game in the series. Got my money's worth.
,Recommended,447040,31027484,Posted: 8 April,all,dødidø,good game nice campign
,Recommended,447040,29850594,Posted: 11 February,all,malikalghani,"Must buy. Best. ♥♥♥♥ing. Game. So sad though it sometimes crash out of nowhere. 10/10 would crash again. But seriously, this game is awesome"
,Recommended,447040,29870348,Posted: 12 February,all,Zenix_,mayan
,Recommended,447040,31559297,Posted: 5 May,all,renatyllib,"Much better than the first! Enjoyed the first one, but enjoyed this one more!"
,Recommended,447040,31551664,Posted: 4 May,all,NAffty,"Wow that was fun. I liked it alot, and not just for the story and such. the voice acting and line of how things go arent that great, but sneaking in and hacking distractions or something else to sneak past is what makes this great. after beating main story + free side missions things got boring, but i would reccomend the hefty price for the 100 hours of fun ive been put through. Going in guns blazing is easy but i would not reccomend it, it sucks the fun out of everything. co op missions get repetitive but being loving of san fransico i have to reccomend. it is a great game, but gets boring after main missions8.9/10"
,Recommended,447040,31649671,Posted: 9 May,all,Midnightcurse,This game is great and I could easily consider it better than the first. The main problem being the complete lack of replay value. Once you beat the main story line you have very little to continue doing besides getting collectibles and doing kind boring mini games. So don't expect a game you can play long after you beat it.
76561198240715948,Recommended,447040,29387522,Posted: 20 January,all,Ready2Drift,"This game is so fun. A great open world game. Make sure you have a pretty powerful PC, because its not well optimised."
,Recommended,447040,31866130,Posted: 20 May,all,teethmarks,"Really awesome game! So sad that I've finished all Single Player missions, and even the DLCs."
76561198203811001,Recommended,447040,31872217,Posted: 20 May,all,Fizzix,Moments with Josh involved in the level - 0/10Moments that don't have Josh in the level - 20/10
76561198046854719,Recommended,447040,31871311,Posted: 20 May,all,Xeypher,It's a good game. If you manage to get it on sale even better.
,Recommended,447040,31860248,Posted: 20 May,all,Kwijibo,"Fantastic game. Really enjoyable and definitely deserves a sequel. I struggled to get into it despite playing the original a lot, but thats more me than the game.Will definitely go through this at some point!"
76561198150280788,Recommended,447040,31860771,Posted: 20 May,all,Thomas,Really good made game i recommend it!
76561197994156518,Recommended,447040,31824608,Posted: 18 May,all,Xilats Dert,"TLWR: Get this. It improves on the original in every department, has more satisfying game feel, better puzzles, much better story and characters and writing. Get. It.------------------------------Okay, Longer version.Watch_Dogs was pretty messy affair. You could see that a lot of good ideas were just bolted on and it turned the entire mess into a gritty, nonsensical sotry that really couldn't decide what it wanted to be.Watch_Dogs 2 has NONE of that clutter. It is very visible that they learned from the first game and decided to go at it from a fresh angle. All of their work paid of BEAUTIFULLY.Hacking - They treat hacking like you would a Lego set. They give you a bunch of tools, and say ""Hey! Solve this HOWEVER you want."" This gives you alot of interesting freedom, and more than once I found myself saying ""I can't believe that worked.""Personal favorite is the Mass Communication Disruption. It's fun to see guards double over in pain because their headset squeals just a touch too loudly.Driving - Still not perfect, but a hell of a lot more satisfying.Shooting - You are given a lot more guns this time through, and four or so non lethal options.  I found myself picking up a strategy of ""try to stealth the mission with non lethal, if I screw up, just use the automatic shotgun."" Lots of fun.Gizmos - You get an RC Car and a Drone when you can afford to purchase them. I recommend snagging them early. There is a lot of stuff that opens up quickly when you have them, and having them early lets you snag a lot of points needed for upgrades early on.Skillset - You use a skill tree to purchase skill upgrades and hacks. You can get these points in two ways - Solving a little level puzzle to either hack or pickup a point, or by gaining experience. Some of these require the Drone and RC Car to get them, along with a few upgrades on the RC car, so again, recommend snagging those first.Levels - Ubisoft comes flat out and says they wanted to open up levels for multiple resolution paths. For the most part? They succeed and succeed SO well. Often you will be going through a level and find a door that would have, maybe, made things easier for you. An ability called NetHack view allows you to see key points or track baddies you have identified through walls making it easier to plan your attack through the levels. Some levels come off as little clever puzzles as well.Writing - The writing is leaps and bounds above the original game. Watch_Dogs was about mister McGrizzledMan out for revenge and other indeterminate stuff. Grr. Grr he says!In Watch_Dogs 2, the game has such a lighter, more playful tone. Characters pop with personality, banter between them doesn't feel forced. The issues the game contains are relevant and disturbing, especially when we see things like the WannaCry ransomware happen in real life. Character motivation is clear and consistant, and the story ends on a pretty satisfying note. The humor doesn't detract from the drama, thankfully, so you end up with a kind of salty/sweet scenario. Fun story, dark details.This game is seriously worth your time and money. Just..uh..don't play it immediately after Watch_Dogs. Unlearning the controls was a pain in the butt."
,Recommended,447040,31837511,Posted: 19 May,all,8 eggs in a phat ommee,"Its good, buy it."
,Recommended,447040,29665942,Posted: 3 February,all,Cancer Police,an amazinghipstersan fransico simulator
76561198154979225,Recommended,447040,31825751,Posted: 18 May,all,Aozaki Aoko,"Good gameplay though you can get bored in the late game, simply call the gang and wait for security force gone after you get the top gang level.Very inspiring about the danger of abusing cyber-tech seeing the mechanic monstrosity under Tidias(?) Corporation. And also gives an insight of cyber punk.The driving experience is a weak point and the Police can be easily triggered compared to GTA5."
,Not Recommended,447040,30481285,Posted: 12 March,all,Mojomancer,Wait for a sale if you have the first.
,Recommended,447040,29863900,Posted: 11 February,all,Chanel,imagine the first one but better gameplaynow imagine the first one but with bad optimization
,Recommended,447040,29872066,Posted: 12 February,all,$kinnyDildo,"This Game Has blown my MIND.I expected a game similar to Watch Dogs 1 or GTA 5, but its campaign and storyline baffled me! I bought this game for my birthday and within the first mission, i was hooked!P.S: IF you buy the gme, best mission is the Spider-Tank mission"
,Recommended,447040,29854217,Posted: 11 February,all,Viten,"Compare to the watchdog they did improve a lot. The first one was good, but this one even better. I have to say I love this game and looking forward to see the next one."
,Recommended,447040,29853092,Posted: 11 February,all,Metz,"This is game is actually great!  I enjoyed the origonal Watch Dogs, but this one was even better!  If you are thinking about trying it out I would get it! 9.5/10"
,Recommended,447040,29843678,Posted: 11 February,all,JuanTheMolester,Best game I've ever played. The graphics are spot on. Wrench is the best character
,Recommended,447040,29047275,Posted: 5 January,all,A Ray,AMAZING
,Recommended,447040,29856361,Posted: 11 February,all,DjSound Phaze,"Amazing game, story was semi better than watch dogs, although I do like the new fast travel and new hacking ability that make it easier but add challenges to the game and multi-player was even more fun with added missions and Co-op for destruction or mission game play. All in all it's worth a play through."
76561198329993393,Recommended,447040,29803790,Posted: 9 February,all,Strafin,Amazing game. period
76561198030887751,Recommended,447040,29882582,Posted: 12 February,all,Agresivo,"Same as its predecessor, but no longer original. Still, it is nice to play in SF"
,Recommended,447040,31088694,Posted: 11 April,all,Triggered And Disturbed,"As hard as it is to believe, Ubisoft ACTUALLY made a good game."
,Recommended,447040,32398657,Posted: 13 June,all,HanzHG,BEST GAME
76561198211540779,Recommended,447040,32370065,Posted: 12 June,all,Rated ® For Rest In Peace,"Wierd... For Some Reason When I Bought The ""Punk Rock"" Pack I Havent Had Any Sign Of Acctually Having It In Game.Pls Help... Also Its A Great Fun Game."
,Recommended,447040,28063857,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,【Data_NotFound】,Well done... ubisoft.
76561198246967310,Recommended,447040,32271181,Posted: 8 June,all,ABOOD GAMERS,i recommend this gamebut there is a one thing i wanna speack about ( dlc )i hope if they add free dlc .... i mean expansion...
76561198178962155,Recommended,447040,32202138,Posted: 5 June,all,australien llama,"garat game buy it, it is good"
76561198081193456,Not Recommended,447040,28084584,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Feel The Imp,"I honestly can't stand this game, the entire thing is basically a copy paste with minor changes and a new map, on top this the game has little replayability and is utterly boring even without finishing the campaign, i'd reccomend the previous game as the older one has so many better aspects to it as well as the fact that a 1060 can run it easilly while a 6gb 1060 over clocked to 2000mhz cant even run this game at a stable 60hz, i should also note my pc is beefy with 16gb, an i7 3.60GHz and 8 logical processors.I dont recommend this game, or at least if you've never played the previous title, you may also want to wait a while for a majority of bugs to be removed and so they can optimise the game which probaly wont happen, ever!, you'll also need a pretty beefy computer. also don't expect a great driving experience nor a finished game feeling as the graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥and so is the draw distance.Note: i haven't played this game for around 6 months though my previous review no longer seems to be here, more than likley my fault"
,Recommended,447040,32321481,Posted: 10 June,all,ScHoolboy D,"Really fun game , Just a shame its on uplay"
76561198350528665,Recommended,447040,32333777,Posted: 10 June,all,MarineCommando_8,Takes hacking to a next levelgood storyintersting side operationsopen world is not as  great as gta5if u love watch dogs 1 this game is recommended
76561198314664902,Recommended,447040,32341787,Posted: 11 June,all,kyubeakane,- Gameplay is good- Graphics is good- The Missions are fun- You can hack all people with your option- The City is colorful- Online Missions are fun
76561198115963317,Recommended,447040,32332922,Posted: 10 June,all,jjinks0709,Gta 5 + Hacking - rockstar = Watchdogs 2
,Recommended,447040,32337938,Posted: 11 June,all,Aech,Veri nice
,Recommended,447040,28126581,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TylerGuy,"Great game, San Francisco is full of detail and is lots of fun to explore."
,Recommended,447040,30118630,Posted: 23 February,all,Derog,aiden pearce is taking the day off so some script kiddies can have their time to shine
,Recommended,447040,30058050,Posted: 20 February,all,Joek,"I found it fun and interesting, but lacks things to do after the main campaign."
,Recommended,447040,32355027,Posted: 11 June,all,VeXeD,The game runs nice and has a decent story. I recommend buying this game only if its on a sale since the story is short and the missions get repetitive.
,Not Recommended,447040,29285174,Posted: 15 January,all,pchuenkg.exe_has_stopped_working,Stupid REGION LOCK! Piece of shi'
76561198029306766,Recommended,447040,32333768,Posted: 10 June,all,tree.sage,"Perfect throwback to 80s hacker movies, while adding an excellent puzzle element to a GTA style open-world game. The classically cheesy plot is underscored perfectly by some of the best character acting ever seen in video game footage. Where the game really shines, though is Multiplayer... There is no menu where you go to ""Start Server"" - instead, in a natural and organic way, the game just randomly pulls together the game worlds of two (or more) single player gameworlds so that you end up encountering other players seamlessly in your single player games. Add that to stunning visuals and a highly detailed reimagined San Francisco, with a truly excellent soundtrack and fast paced non-stop action, and you have the recipe of a genre bending game worth playing!"
,Recommended,447040,30905796,Posted: 2 April,all,untmdsprt,"After playing this for about a week I can honestly say that Ubisoft has learned their lesson and listened to the feedback from people who've played the first Watch Dogs.San Francisco does have a large gay population in addition to being a tech city. This game reflects this in a positive way, at least for the USA version, and doesn't try to censor. Don't buy this game if you can't handle gays, lesbians, or transgender people.Pros:Nod to Max Headroom and other old school computing while blending that in with today's icons, memes, etc. -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYdpOjletncBetter mini games, and not a look into someone's personal hell (Aiden Pearce)Better main story/character, interaction with a team, trying to better people's lives instead of out for revengeBeing able to 3D print guns!More cool toys to play with (RC car and drone) that you actuallyhaveto use for missions.Better online play where players are helping each other instead of ruining each other's fun.More places to fast travel to instead of just your HQMore interaction with NPCsGraphics look better than first gameLow FPS hasn't been much of a problem with my computer - i7-3770/GTX 770 2GBNo microstutters when drivingCons:You actually have to buy the cars for the on-demand app instead of just unlocking them. This makes sense though as you end up with a ton of money at the end from all the hacking.Driving aspect, even with a controller, is still quirky even though it has been improved over the first game.Some icons are not intuitive as to what they do.Other thoughts:While this game is a work of fiction, unfortunately it's becoming more and more like real life in the way the US government treats its citizens. We don't have a Blume/ctOS yet, but I wouldn't doubt it if something like them came along in the next few years."
,Recommended,447040,32092217,Posted: 31 May,all,Hameskii,"These developers deserve to work for a better publisher, because the base game is amazing, and the fact that their amazing game is being polluted by so many worthless dlc packs is a shame, because the dlc page for this game looks ugly, but the game it's self is beautiful, not just in terms of graphics but the actual gameplay is awesome, there are so many interesting interiors that you discover through missions and can re-explore at any time that it makes the most boring parts of the game fun anyway, I usually find exploring pointless in open world games but the amount of interesting interiors in this game make it so much better, there are so many things to hack such as cranes which give a strategic advantage to defeating gang hideouts, such as when I was shooting out a gang hideout based on a construction site, they were on the roof and I used a crane right next to the hideout to make their cover pointless as whenever I couldn't see any enemies with a sniper from the roof I was on (which I used the crane to get onto) I'd just get onto the platform and hack and spin the crane to get to a position where I could take them out easily, that's good game design, not the game being too easy, and bare in mind I play all games on the hardest difficulty I can, on this I play on the hardest difficulty and you die in only a couple of hits, so when you can use the environment to get a significant advantage if you're smart enough, it feels very rewarding, obviously this is an anecdote, but the environment can be used as a weapon all over the game such as hacking cars to hit into somebody and using power boxes on walls to stun enemies, there are even small details like being able to put remote detonation stun grenades onto drones then being able to detonate it as you fly your drone towards them, stunning them from a safe distance, which makes the gameplay refreshing and gives you much more options to complete a level. I'm very suprised that this game does not have a 95% positive rating on steam because I can't think of the part of this game that lets it down, the only thing that I wish they included was aircrafts, the game would be so much better if you could utilise helicopters or even planes, but that doesn't take much from the game at all, as at least you can use a drone, and it probably wouldn't fit with the tone of the game anyway,  it would make it more like saints row and to be honest saints row games are kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,447040,31838648,Posted: 19 May,all,Cpt. Maple Man,"Going into Watch_Dogs 2 I really wasn't expecting a lot. I never played the first game, but I heard all the negative points against it. But someting about Watch_Dogs 2 stood out to me. Maybe it was the bright vibrant colors, maybe it was the well written chaarcters and interesting story, maybe it was the great hacking gameplay. Maybe it was all of those and then some. Watch_Dogs 2 is the most fun I've had with an open world game since Grand Theft Auto V released years ago. I really enjoyed this game, and I'm glad I bought it. Looking forward to Watch_Dogs 3"
,Recommended,447040,31031428,Posted: 8 April,all,ASHarwood,"First and foremost an extremely fun game to play.  It brings aspects of GTA and assassins creed together with some fun “hacking.”  You don’t do any actual code writing or anything you just hack the appropriate pieces together until you beat the mission.  At times the game was very difficult.  The bullets hurt you and bad so if you go into a gun fight you better use cover and choke points.  Many missions were so hard to try and sneak around it was easier to just find a choke point and kill anything that came after you.  The nice thing about each mission is that there is more than one way to get through it.  You can go sneaky and not kill anyone.  You can kill everyone.  You can hack from behind and they never see you.  It was a lot of fun playing this game.  It never felt boring.  All the way through the different main missions you felt yourself getting more powerful and the enemy getting more powerful in different ways.  The “Heavy” AI can soak up a whole round of bullets so if you plan to go in gung ho, you better have the best weapons…even with the best weapons the AI still soak up bullets.  Your technique will adjust per mission and the puzzles were lots of fun.  Graphics were great.  Lots of things to do.  I did maybe half the side quests and got about 30 hours in.  But those 30 hours were a lot of fun.  The message the game sends is also very fitting for the US’ current state of affairs.The drawbacks? Driving is easy and more of an arcade feel.  Cars didn’t take the damage I thought they would take.  You can run down a heavy lightpost with a motorcycle and not see any damage.  You can rear-end a car and not much damage.  Not a huge deal but just weird.  I loved the game.  Very fun.  Not sure I will play it again but I got it on sale and had a fun time so it was definitely money well spent.  Also watch out for a specific mission with satellites.  If you do the mission in the wrong order you will run into a bug that will basically stop the mission from progressing.  I went through that mission too many times till I turned to the internet for the appropriate order.Pros: the multiplayer aspect of the game was great fun.  Occasionally another actual person will come to steal your data.  You have to find them and eliminate them before they steal it all.  If gives some points if you win.  You can also try and steal other peoples data (the tables turn) and if you get away you get a good amount of points or followers.  You can do many missions with other people and the game matches you up with another person. The multiplayer is a lot of fun.  I played with a few fun people and we conquered missions.  It would have been nice to have some chat feature because in the missions you play with others, when there is no communication, it is hard to plan how things will go down.  For instance, another player and I decided to play a few hard missions together.  After a little I realized how the other person worked.  He distracted all the guards and what not while I went in and hacked a computer or rescued a person.  Some chat ability would be nice.Tons of fun.  Never felt boring.  Graphics were awesome."
76561198339967477,Recommended,447040,30947327,Posted: 4 April,all,maxp0430,"Really really really good. I loved the physics, graphics, hackings, and small details hidden in San Fransisco.So here are the pros:-I liked the graphics. The graphics aren't close to real, but it had it's own unique style thay satisfied the player.-Hackings are very easy and effecient. Just with a couple of clicks, you can remote control almost whatever you want. Easy hacking makes everything a lot more fast and effective, giving more freedom to the player to do whatever however they want-The physics are LOVELY. sliding over obstacles, Jumping from a high place, running, crouching, and more. It looks a lot more realistic and natural compared to watch dogs 1, and it also has it's unique 'Marcus' feeling of movement (I especially loved the flip jump).-The story is quite ok. I only completed the main mission so I don't really know well, but the main mission was quite ok. It shows us how the corrupted companies uses CTOS 2.0 to make their own benefit, and exposing them satisfies me alot. The one thing that could have been irritating for others are the vocabulary and countless different components in different companies. Some hacking words such as exploit, and more codes could have been quite annoying for the people that has no idea what coding is about, and bunch of those different names of places/systems in San Francisco messed my head up.-The custumization was really cool. Putting skins on weapons and drones made me feel more 'stylish', and hundreds of different cloths really let me find my own Marcus.Cons-The optimization is a bit unstable. My computer spec is gtx 960m 4g i7-6700hq 8g ddr4 ram on a ssd drive, which isn't really good for this game. BUT, even when my ram meets the requirement, the game always show a notification that some stuttering could happen because the ram does not meet the requirement, which actually does. The game still runs in about 30fps with mid high setting, but when it comes to driving, the game is unplayable. As soon as I get on the car, my fps drops from 35fps to 20, which drives me crazy. When there is a driving mission or I need to escape from the cops, it gets really hard to succeed. Just without this driving fps drops, the optimization would be quite ok-The game crashes... Mine crashed 3 times when I was doing the final mission, which really irritated me. I was about to finish the last mission of the whole game, then boom ""Watch_dogs2 is not responding"". It is ACTUALLY VERY ANNOYING.  I don't even know why it crashed, it just did. There wasn't any warning notifications or anything, it just crashed. Also sometimes, the game just freezes. Doesn't even close. It just stays there. Everytime that happens, I get really confused, so I just wait for the game to work again, which is a waste of time for most of the situations.-The multiplayer is sometimes kind of annoying. Sometimes the hacking invasion starts out of nowhere, which is really confusing. I need to play it even when I don't want to. OH and the weirdest thing is that when you do the mission where you need to cooperate with the cops to neutralize another player, after you complete the mission, the cops try to kill you from killing the other player who was meant to be killed by the mission....The conclusion is-without the stutterings, crashing, hard vocab, and stupid instant multiplayer contents, the game is perfect! I recommend this game for the gamers who like being sneaky and quick."
,Recommended,447040,30806654,Posted: 28 March,all,SBS,"Lets start with the original Watch Dogs. although we were promised alot i still enjoyed the game, being set in chicago and honestly after playing this really makes me want to replay the first one because my memories of it are practically gone. There were some faults to the first one i agee considering we were promised a lot from the original e3 trailer to the release.But that was watch dogs, this is watch dogs 2 set in san francisco. This game is practically everything i expected from the first. involving puzzles to hack, doing stealth/loud to complete missions and with a great story. The online intergration is great without it being annoying(which you can turn off if you find it annoying). you can unlock weapons with money(which is really easy to get) and 3D print them. There are also references in the game which will make you laugh or chuckle when you come across these. I was hooked to the game playing long sessions and beating it in 2 days. There is side missions and online missions as well that you can do. I would highly recommend this game at any price but would wait for sales for those looking for better value for the money."
,Recommended,447040,30803924,Posted: 28 March,all,Varstahl,"This review comes late, just as late I was in buying it. Having played Watch Dogs and quite hating it, I didn't really thought WD2 could be any better. After trying it out on someone else's box, I found myself really into it, with story and gadgets much more on the hacker/reverse engineer side than the Rambo-commando Forgetful Pierce WD. I played mainly the story mode, and I liked it so much that I decided to stop, buy the game, import the saves and continue from there.On top of the good campaign and side missions, there are a lot of fun activities, well thought, well varied and small numbered: you will find only 6 races for each type, but this allows a lot of difference and fresh fun, I honestly love it. There are also a lot of other activities, like thecollection-likeScoutX, in which you have to picture various locations or people around the city.This game puts fun ahead of realism, and it's a great thing in my opinion. A lot of other games (à la GTA) really puts the player in often frustrating situations, for the sake of ""realism"", while WD2 is finely tuned for the fun. A perfect example is a car chase with the cops, sudden turn around, drive into a café, and hide inside the car, and the cops more often than not won't spot you, at least on normal difficulty, have no idea for the higher difficulties.It has a few bad notes in my book, such as the multiplayer achievements, the hundreds of collectables (as per usual with Ubisoft), but all in all this is the best and well crafted Ubisoft game in quite a while. Definitively better than Watch Dogs, a lot more fun and entertaining, with a world full of lots of non boring, fun, non repetitive activities and gameplay. I highly hope the sequel will follow the same route.MUST BUY!PS:inside Watch Dogs 2 you will find a lot – and I mean it, a lot – of hacking reference (Glider/Game of Life found on t-shirts is a prime example), cracking/reverse engineering references, references and nods to various existing hacking groups and their activities… if you are at least half knowledge on the subject, you can play ""spot the reference"" on top of the game itself."
,Recommended,447040,30804328,Posted: 28 March,all,Just That Guy,"NO SPOILERSFirst pros and cons then my personal thoughts.Pros:+Good story.+Intresting characters.+Conversations between characters are worth listing to.+Driving greatly improved.(and thats playing with keyboard and mouse)+Intresting protaganist.+Hacking has been expanded and fleshed out.+Good graphics.+Parkour is fun.+Animatons are smooth.+Fun seemless multiplayer.(fun with a friend, but can be dull playing alone)+Side quests aren't repetitive and each one is different.+Light hearted/funny.+Characters don't feel dull and lifeless.+GRAPHICS HAVEN'T BEEN DOWNGRADED.+World feels alive.+Lots of cutizimation.(clothes only, guns and gadgets cars are limited)+Good optizimation.(running on a gtx 1050ti and a i7 2600k, 8gbs of ram)+Has lots of internet jokes.(memes)Cons:-Game will crash sometimes for doing nothing.-Shooting can feel slow and clunky.(but acceptable)-For some Users game can have very bad lag spikes when driving and roaming.-Side activities can feel dull and to easy.(like racing and driver sf)-When collecting research points or collectibles, etc, some where impossible to get if the player din't have the drone, rc, lifts to get these.(and the lifts where never around when I needed them)-Tanks are very op and can kill you easly.(ex. lmg can kill you in 3-4 shots and thats rapid fire)-When detected, all the guards know exactly where you are.-AI can be smart but dumb at times.My ThoughtsComing from Watch Dogs 1 on the xbox 360 is a very big improvement. Watch Dogs 2 improves nearly every ascpect of the first one. No longer you have a cliche story of revenge and a dull, no personality protaganist. Watch Dogs 2 springs to life with memorable characters and funny overblown cutscenes between the characters interacting. The protagainst is longer dull but now a enjoyalbe character who makes jokes and has a very San Franscio personality and full of life. Hacking is no longer limited and has been fleshed out and can have some very halarious results. Driving is now accpetable and handles like aracde racing games. Multiplauer can be fun but dull without a friend. While shooting can be slow and clunky, is still enjoyable. Overall with the good story and characters and combat. I give the game a 8 out of 10. Its just needs to fix some issues with optizmation and shooting ascpects and some of the side content.(refering to racing and drifer sf, which can be dull and way to easy)The game now lays a good framework for future Watch Dogs games look upon and improve on.Final Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,447040,30768500,Posted: 27 March,all,Krimson,"In a surprising turn of events, despite hating Watch Dogs 1, in comes Watch Dogs 2 and absolutely shocks me with how good it is. It has some of the typical Ubisoft open world design but that is dampened by how much fun the open world is to mess about in, as well as how beautiful it is to look at.Pretty much all the problems I had with the first game has been fixed in this sequel, the game's tone has changed from being edgy and gritty to much more light hearted while not going full Saints Row on you. Both the missions and sidemissions tackle issues and controversies with the technology we use every day and is extremely relevant to today.The characters in this game are also fantastic, with each of them being memorable and funny including the main character Marcus, who has enough personality to make you really enjoy playing as him unlike Aiden Pearce. Wrench is definitely the stand out of the group but all of them are extrememly likable and diverse.Honestly, it's frustrating that this game doesn't have a demo out because watching someone play the opening mission of the game sold me immediately, as did it to my friends when I showed it to them. While the stealth mechanics are a little simplistic they still feel fun and require you to think about every situation carefully and rewards you for not going in guns blazing. Ultimately, I highly recommend this game, especially at the discount it's on right now, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,447040,30718372,Posted: 24 March,all,Samsung Galaxy S8+,"TL;DR - If you're for the free-roam and random content, this game might be for you. If you're here for the storyline, it's decent, but there are far better games out there for the price.I have always been a huge fan of Watch_Dogs, and this being the second game in the series, I had to get it/Honestly, I didn't really think that I would enjoy this game, and I was partially right. I love it for the free roam and extra missions, but the storyline... It's not too well written, everything about it is REALLY hip, and it was pretty boring, actually.not to mention the amount of hyprocrisyI'm going to get right into my gripes about this game, as that is probably what most people are here for.PoliceI'll admit, the 1st WD police were not very smart, cheated by always knowing your location, and were pretty annoying to get away from. This game has improved on that, but the police in this game still has a good amount of flaws. First off, the police don't pay attention to about 90% of what you're doing. If you drive like 150 on a city road, they don't care. If you drive on the wrong side of the road, they don't care. If you crash into other people's cars, stand on other's cars, sit in the middle of the roadway, or murder someone and stand over their dead body, they don't even attempt to chase after you. They still cheat, aren't very smart, but this time, they are riciculously easy to get away from unless the chase is over 4 stars. At 5 stars, the police start shooting at you from the inside of their vehicles, and the only thing you can use to fight back against them is your hacks, and a puny little pistol/SMG.The storylineIf you are a person who plays games for the storyline, just don't pick this game up. The storyline, even though the characters are not stone-cold killers like the 1st game, still isn't that great. Missions are basically the same: go to some place, infiltrate the place, hack/steal something, get out. There's not really anything that stands out about these missions. The storyline also has a ridiculous amount of lines that make no sense. For example, one of the characters asks in the intro, ""He's got a gun. Is that a problem?"" Yeah, that could be a problem, but our 3d printer printing out fully automatic military-grade weapons isn't. [actual spoiler ahead]Ubi got lazy with one character, who dies, and I guess you are supposed to feel sorry for him, but not really. He doesn't have enough lines to actually matter too much in the story.StealthOne of my favorite aspects of WD1 was the stealth. WD2 totally killed it. The spotting system is complete BS. If you are partially spotted, and you fire a weapon of any kind, suppressed or not, you get instanly spotted, and everyone is automatically on you. In WD1, you at least had a chance to take down the guy that spotted you before everyone is alerted. You can complete the game using only tasers and drones, but using drones to complete levels is way too easy. Guards have a much harder time spotting drones, and can't really hear them. With drones, the most that guards will do is shoot them, and at that point, they'll start searching the area, but will never engage you as long as you are not inside a restricted area. Also, the takedowns, albiet, very cool looking, are way too long for stealth, and you would be better off putting a bullet in the guard or tasing them. WD1 stealth was actually kind of smooth, and fun. WD2 stealth reminds me of PAYDAY 2 stealth (which is equally as bad, if not worse)GunsGuns are pretty worthless in this game. Shotguns deal no damage whatsoever until you get right in enemies' faces, Assault rifles are pretty generic, and pistols/SMGs are pretty worthless. The only ""good"" guns are the U100 LMG, YourBoySerge sniper, and Zero Day rifle. There really isn't anything that is better than these guns. The taser, with the right skills, will literally down the hardest enemies in 1 shot.IEverything is super hipThis is more of a personal gripe, but everything in this game has this hip graffiti, the paint jobs for the cars are hip, the paint jobs for guns are hip, guns themselves are hip, the DedSec vehicles are hip, the storyline is hip, you get the idea.Misc gripesFocus (the slow-mo thing from WD1) is gone. I really liked Focus for the cinematic effect. It felt really good when you went into it, and was fun to use. Criminal convoys are gone, too, which were really fun. AI has a tendency to be repetitive quite often (same voice lines, by same person, same people in the same spot throughout the day). I know this isn't too big of a thing, but for a game that has ""intelligent"" AI, I was a little bit dissapointed.Now, for the good thingsScoutX/Driver SFScoutX is this app that you get that allows you to take pictures of landmarks throughout SF that gain you followers (XP). You can put literally anything in there (ex. Dead people, blown up cars, explosions, you get the idea) and you still gain followers. Driver SF is strangely addicting, for some unexplainable reason.Free roam in generalThere are a lot of things in the map that you can do without starting a certain mission. You can infiltrate places to earn money or research points (skill points), and do ScoutX or DSF.Character customizationYou can customize most of the clothing on your character. Not quite GTA V level, but it still is better than just being able to change the color scheme of your coat in WD1.The new hacks n' stuffThe new hacks (being able to control vehicles, calling gang hits on people, etc.) are pretty cool. You dont' have to ""craft"" IEDs, mass hacks, and other things like in the 1st game.The game is colorfulI shouldn't need to explain this one, but if you don't get what I mean, the 1st game was drab gray themed. This game actually has a lot more colors and is a lot better to see than the 1st game. The graphics are also much improved, and this is one of the few games that actually didn't get a graphics downgrade on release.Overall, I really enjoyed my hours playing this game, most of which are spent on random things. I would recommend this for free roam, but as far as the storyline goes, I'd pick GTA V, which doesn't have that great of a storyline, over this. It still needs some general improvements, but it is still a good game.Overall 7/10"
,Not Recommended,447040,28346331,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ADUPS,♥♥♥♥ off ubishit give us the english languagerussian voice acting is soooo ♥♥♥♥ing bad
,Recommended,447040,31447243,Posted: 29 April,all,StarshipUK,"I bought this game in a sale, which surprised me entering a sale so soon after release. I never played the first game, but like GTA 5 so took a chance on this.I had quite a few problems with the game radomly crashing to start with, which seem to have stabalised since I bought it they released a couple of updates and also keeping my AMD graphics card drivers up to date. I also had a lot of problems with online disconnecting with a message showing about EasyAntiCheat not being installed, while sometimes playing the game the online would connect and work without any issues and no pattern to this whatsoever. I do however prefer to play games offline, but the message constantly appearing was annoying.The other big let down is despite my graphics card (which is a few years old now) having 2GB RAM this was only enough for lowest graphics settings. This is the newest game I own and the only one where I have had such a problem, so could not justify spending a few hundred quid upgrading my graphics card just for this (where I then might as well have bought a cheap PS4, which again defeats the object of being a PC gamer).Having actually been to San Francisco and Sausalito a few times (before the hotels got too expensive), it was nice to return to it in this game, be it in a compressed format. Its a shame you cant seem to ride public transport trams and the BART and airport is also missing. After around 65 hours I completed the game and most of the side missions I managed to find, which also included a lot of time trying to get to research points items and exploring - Taking my time to enjoy it instead of rushing around.Compared to GTA 5 the in game AI does seem less intelligent, where sometimes random traffic jams would occur (without me causing them) or someone in a car would drive up, jump out in front of me, shoot a nurse right in front of me, and then get back in the car and drive off. GTA 5 does seema bit more polished. The storyline also seemed a bit weak in places, and overall mission gameplay is very repetitive doing the same things in different locations - in some ways strategy to see the best way to pass the mission often getting killed several times in the process, and in many occasions passing the mission in a way the programmers probably had not intended either by luck or a method which was probably not the one intended.But overall I got about 65 hours out of a recent game I got in a sale and enjoyed it more towards the end than the beginning. If its on sale and you liked GTA 5 offline and looking for something to fill your hole until the new red dead redemption is released then this may fill it."
,Not Recommended,447040,31646124,Posted: 9 May,all,slw,"Once you finish the story the game is basically over, and the story only lasts for 25 hrs if you play slow and 15 if you play really fast. Multiplayer gets boring because there isnt anything to do, unless u enjoy finding some dumb@$$ hacker and killing them. You can get some hours by screwing around in the open world and just driving trucks into the bay and calling gangs on people but that gets old very quickly.Some pros:-Nice graphics-Stealth system is nice(some will disagree)-Plot is interesting-Melee is decent-AI isn't half bad(could be better)-Realistic city and nearly everything you see will be in the city(this is buildings not the actual companies and logos on the buildings)Some cons:-Good luck to you all with toasters, you'll probably average 10-20 fps-Ranged shooting(guns) is garbage and could have been improved-Driving is clunky af and turning could use some improvement(gta has way better driving)-Story gets repetitive(go to this, hack this, cutscene, repeat)-The game boasts that you don't have to kill anyone, but I feel this contributes more to the story being repetitive and I have to spice the game up to make it interesting by killing a bunch of people to make it somewhat fun.-After story game is extremely boring and screwing around will contribute 5-10 hours depending on how much you like screwing around."
76561198080868263,Recommended,447040,32848527,Posted: 27 June,all,cklim78,"Graphic and gameplay is good, the need to launch Uplay to play the game is a bit tedious.P.S. I think it's kind of odd I couldn't find this game in Steam's top sellers page."
,Recommended,447040,29015911,Posted: 4 January,all,Armond White,"I went AFK for five minutes and someone jumped into my game and started an all out war against the police. He destroyed 10 police cars and was still living when I came back. Impressive.Seriously, this game is fun. Some of the cutscenes are boring and not fun to watch. The game has its quirks, but the positives far outweigh the negatives."
76561198107949511,Recommended,447040,31424461,Posted: 28 April,all,Shrek,very fun
,Recommended,447040,31506860,Posted: 2 May,all,AdamBad21,The Game Is Awesome But My FPS Not Good. B)
,Recommended,447040,29331898,Posted: 17 January,all,Primus Julius,"It's really funny game. I feel good for its storyline and graphic. However, if you want silent play, a part of its missions can seem inappropriate. Also, it sometimes has some bugs."
76561198101069443,Recommended,447040,31495811,Posted: 1 May,all,Truehunter™,"Was having second thoughts on getting this game at first, after enjoying the first game and i didnt see much difference with this installment. well i'm glad i did decide to buy this as it is like watch dogs 1 but everything that game did wrong done right here. Great story, Fun Gameplay, So much stuff to do and fantastic new features and hacking abillities. if you enjoyed the first game this is definatly worth buying, if you didnt think much of the first game maybe buy this and refund it if you dont like it."
76561198121006873,Recommended,447040,31495341,Posted: 1 May,all,Nick_Fly,good
76561198325476902,Recommended,447040,29687414,Posted: 4 February,all,Martub6804,The writing made me cringe for the most part and I find the story completely uninteresting. But the gameplay is fun and the graphics are beautiful. Overall I recommend but it has its problems.
,Recommended,447040,31543743,Posted: 4 May,all,✪ Laazer,VERY NICE GAME
,Recommended,447040,31575376,Posted: 6 May,all,Naagin | Out of form,Love the game. enjoyed the storyline. Needs some improvement in the driving part. the handling of car is a bit unreliable. Should have more stuff to do in freeplay mode. overall loved the game.
,Recommended,447040,31566734,Posted: 5 May,all,Venus,"Great story, missions are quite a challenge (Not a suprise, Ubi). I beat the story so I restarted it because of how good and fun it is. I gave myself a challenge where I cannot kill, just taze. I ended off with 4 kills and they were required for a ""Special Mission."" This game is exciting and challenging on hard."
,Recommended,447040,31551853,Posted: 4 May,all,Battle Buddhist,"Annoying fps drops (even on a high end system), but a fun and good looking game. 8/10"
76561198161634765,Recommended,447040,31550837,Posted: 4 May,all,BlackBlaine,"Very Good Game, a way better than the first one,  graphic is smooth, good story"
76561198367430436,Recommended,447040,33407817,Posted: 9 July,all,3amigos,this game is rilly good if you like hacking!! #hacker
,Recommended,447040,33408181,Posted: 9 July,all,TheFallen,"This is hands-down one of THE best games, I have had the honor to come across. This game takes forward the already great legacy left by the original Watch_Dogs and paints it its own colors of awesome. From stunning visuals to great gameplay, this has it all. A must-play. 10/10. Props, Ubi."
76561198329092329,Recommended,447040,33408206,Posted: 9 July,all,Pool dead,A good game. Ubisoft almost made a GTA game of their own.Only complain i have is the poor optimazation especially for anti aliasing.It also crashes sometimes.Still recommended.
,Recommended,447040,33412585,Posted: 9 July,all,FunkyHotDog,4/5Pros:+ Fun as ♥♥♥♥Cons:- The most uninteresting storyline of the centuryFun game overall.
,Recommended,447040,33414410,Posted: 9 July,all,MonsterMunch117,"This game is really fun, if you have the time to learn it....and the computer to run this, i mean, i7 6700k, 1080ti, 16gb ram and installed on an ssd, 60fps if im lucky, 30-45fps on ave. but even then it is really fun."
76561198030675929,Recommended,447040,33401336,Posted: 9 July,all,Glory Maelstorm,"The new hacker style is better than the previous game. The skill tree can determine whether to play stealth or all guns blazing. Well the story is just about privacy problem, but the new team has unique personalities. Also it is fully optimised.The only problem is the driving control and the vehicle damage are♥♥♥♥♥♥But overall still good. 8/10"
,Recommended,447040,33375595,Posted: 8 July,all,gergefil,"A nice game with awesome gameplay, OK story and awsome graphics."
76561198068503340,Recommended,447040,33379238,Posted: 8 July,all,FlagonDragons,Watch_Dogs 2 improves upon everything from the last game and allows for a more cohesive and enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,447040,33379109,Posted: 8 July,all,Frinkel the Inflatable Sylveon,"(Note that I played through this game first on the xBone then later bought it for the PC to play with my friends. Blame the Steam summer sale :P Also, I try to not spoil any major plot points, and I'vecensoredout minor spoilers.) Watch_Dogs 2 does everything right that the original didn't, and given the fact I've been in love with the concept of the Watch_Dogs series in the first place, this game very quickly falls into my ""favorite games"" list.There are a few issues I've seen. As far as gameplay itself is concerned, the only issue I've ever seen with this game is its pathfinding. I've had guards yell ""OPERATIVE DOWN!"" when noticing a character I've meleed through a window, and then try to run through a window to get to them when the door is literally five feet away. Also had characters try to walk through me as I'm petting a dog, noticing a scissor lift I'm operating and move riiight into its path, and other such things.The other issue is the game could use some more optimization. While I don't face many problems with the game, playing it on a SSD with a GTX 1060 and a watercooled current-gen i5 (which I've been able to ramp up the graphics settings for and my god, does it look beautiful), I have friends that can barely play it with their gaming laptops and will occassionally crash out of the game. Ubisoft has honestly never been a shining star when it comes to porting their games to the PC. This isn't a problem with their console games, but at the same time, it's console.But otherwise, this game is very solid. There's plenty to do, the representation of San Francisco is close enough to give me memories of my many trips there when I used to live in the Bay Area, there's plenty of missions and things to do from side quests to finding ""research points"" and things around town, and the difficulty curve is pretty much perfect. Throughout my first playthrough of the game, each mission felt like a new challenge to overcome, and there'd be times I'd die again and again and again, sometimes even giving up completely and going back to the mission another day, but it was never too overbearing. And there's always more than one method to complete tasks in a mission. One of my favorites is finding a good choke point (basically a spot where everyone has to go through in order to get to a certain room or position) and, one by one, attract the guards there and pick them off until their numbers are so crippled or there's just none of them left that I can just stroll through the level without worrying about getting caught by security.And speaking of missions, I love the missions they put in the game and their relatability to real life events, and even how, in one mission, you hackUbisoft. I'm not making that up. x3And let's talk characters for a second. As far as the protagonists are concerned, while a friend or two of mine has described the cast of characters you meet in DeadSec as ""punchable"", I myself love them, from Wrench, the tech-loving anarchist to Josh, the socially awkward yet incredibly competent hacker. And the main protagonist of the story, Dusan Nemec, seems almost full of mystery, figuring out Deadsec's in his system from the very start no matter how stealthily you were and following along to Deadsec's progress, being almost a puppet master for other companies and even rearing his head intosome government agencies. And Marcus himself is a very fun character to play, a massive improvement from the original game, where you kinda felt this dark cloud looming above the main character's head at all times.Don't really have much more to say. If the topic interests you, if you're into stealth games such as Assassin's Creed, or if Watch_Dogs 1 interested you but disappointed you, I'd definitely give this game a try."
76561198316228680,Recommended,447040,33382799,Posted: 8 July,all,GalacticGoblin,All around noice
76561198313854345,Recommended,447040,29477698,Posted: 24 January,all,olivier.kubs,"As someone who absolutely loved WD1, I was looking forward to what WD2 could offer.Dont Expect WD 1 . Expect something new and shiny.I hated this the first tme I played through. But It grew on me so much that I have played it through now 3 times.Some awesome new concepts like drones added some alternative ways to break in/hackSome cool features like being able to sick cops/gangs on characters.Great sound trackCool interaction with NPC's , online players , main characters.I freaking loved the sailing contest"
,Recommended,447040,33394170,Posted: 8 July,all,Reven ♛,9/10Graphics so A-MEI-ZING!!
76561198165808836,Recommended,447040,33444936,Posted: 10 July,all,deetatarrant2,"It's like Grand Theft Auto with a hacking edge to it. It's a lot of fun after one gets used to the slightly different gameplay. Multiplayer is a lot of fun, and now there's a 4-player feature"
76561198114367564,Recommended,447040,33447493,Posted: 10 July,all,Raptor,10/10 Would pet Doggo again
,Recommended,447040,33446202,Posted: 10 July,all,kolod.tomek54,"I dont usually write reviews, but I feel like this game really deserved an amazing one. A huge difference from the first, this one has a happy feel to it and is just great! The graphics are really good, especially if you have the free textures installed, theyre amazing! Gameplay is awesome and never really gets boring, there is so much to do and explore with the awesome map this game offers. I really recommend it!"
,Recommended,447040,31025513,Posted: 8 April,all,Electronium,"Okay, I have to be honest. Watch_Dogs 2 IS a good game. There are a few flaws however, but let's get into the Pros first. Well, first things first, I love Marcus Holloway better than Aiden Peirce. Why? Well, Aiden kind of rubbed off as sort of a creep or just someone who was always out to get revenge. Marcus on the other hand, has more personality and even expresses more of himself throughout the story than Aiden. The second thing I liked, was the gameplay. It does feel simular from the first game and I did expect that but towards the end of the game, it did start to feel TOO simular but I will get to that when I start talking about the cons. I like the added features; the drones and the style of hacking, even the hackable cars interested me. I find this game to have a thantastic story, it did feel short however I barely did side missions and I did do tons of them in one day so it makes sense.Okay, now on to the cons. First things first, is the FPS and Optimization. As much as Watch Dogs is a good game, it does have alot of optimization issues. Like for example, I am running a GTX 950, and the auto detect settings force me to play at Low. When most titles (even high graphical and recent releases), allow me to play at full settings. I do acknowledge that my GPU isn't the best, but it's not the worst either. Another issue with optimization is all the spikes of freezing I get. The fortunate side of this, is Ubisoft can fix this problem so it will not damage my rating that much. Another thing as stated in the Pros, is the fact that the game felt too simular to the first towards the end. I'm not going to exactly say why for spoiler reasons but all I can say, it just does a little.My final answer, as you probably know from my (Thumbs Up) is yes, I do recommend this game if you are into heavy puzzle/stealth games. I hope Ubisoft continues to create great games. I give this game a 8.9/10"
,Recommended,447040,33378934,Posted: 8 July,all,Bruce Wayne,"I played this game through completely for about 4 times (different platforms(obviously)). This was obviously an elevation from the first game but Aiden had the vigilante thing going on and we never see anything that made Marcus who he is and why he does what he does. Overall, this was a great game, it entertained me a lot and I might also play this again. But the next time there is a new entrance to the franchise I would like to see improvements."
,Recommended,447040,33626087,Posted: 18 July,all,Hikari_NEET,Hentai confrimed if u look carefuly in the trailer
,Recommended,447040,33626738,Posted: 18 July,all,Giomy,"Great game, slow start in the beginning but overall great. Awesome graphics and story line. Recommended play"
76561198370857769,Recommended,447040,33618003,Posted: 17 July,all,Twenty Seven,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,447040,33636184,Posted: 18 July,all,Mikeiea,Watch dogs 2 has to be one of the most fun stealth fps's I've ever played. I think that a lot of people play it as an action fps without realizing that it can be more enjoyed if you only use melee and a stun gun for everything. Its so easy to just run and gun the missions. But taking a more tacticle and immersive view on the gameplay makes it more fun for me. Overall I enjoyed this game for that.
,Not Recommended,447040,30109065,Posted: 22 February,all,Albuquerque Fistfuck,"Lets make a sequel to the most disappointing game of 2014.What should we improve upon from it? Oh, nothing. Lets keep the buggy physics, terrible driving mechanics, awful gunplay and poor performance. But we've got a cast of wacky crazy characters this time!The physics are very broken. Objects frequently freeze in place, get stuck in the ground, vibrate, or disappear. This is amplified by x1000 if you're playing multiplayer.The driving mechanics are awful. Vehicles feel like they're magnetized to the ground. There's a delay to turning the wheel at all times. You can configure how sensitive you want the wheel to be, but there's still always a delay.The gunplay is... how can I word this... gross? It feels gross to shoot your gun. It's not satisfying at all, it's like shooting ping pong balls through a toilet paper roll. I think the problem is that the game takes control away from you while you're firing your gun, you can't really shoot and aim at the same time.The performance... don't even get me started. i5 7600k 4.8 Ghz overclock, GTX 1080 8GB, 16GB of ram, game installed on an SSD and I can not get 60 FPS stable on medium. On medium. I'm not even pushing for ultra.Don't buy this game. It's so boring."
,Recommended,447040,33411381,Posted: 9 July,all,t h e c e l e r y m a n,"WHEN YOUR BODDDDDY STARTSSS TO REAAAAAACCCCCTTTTTT, TAKE SOME MORE WHEN THE PAIN GETS SORE!!!!!"
76561198164807533,Recommended,447040,33569303,Posted: 15 July,all,Legodude007,Awesome game! I was pretty excited to get this after I heard how good the first one was and I am not disapointed at all. Cool story and characters and I recommend this game.
76561198100182774,Recommended,447040,33565320,Posted: 15 July,all,elron4y,"Fun Fun Fun!Gameplay is great, game looks good and the online missions are a nice feature."
76561198103596781,Recommended,447040,33563955,Posted: 15 July,all,hharzel,"I didn't play WD1 but this game is a fantastic tongue-in-cheek GTA clone revolving around anti-capitalism, corporalism and anarchism. There are multiple ways to finish missions and you can choose to be violent or non-violent. I played in Single Player and enjoyed the contents fully. The world feels very alive - best sandbox since GTA5 - and missions, both story and side, are enjoyable. Play it on at least hard!"
76561198120120855,Recommended,447040,28962578,Posted: 2 January,all,Aki秋,One of the game where i can truly be myself.I can go to sleep with my sunglasses on without anyone complaining.I can randomly dance and beatbox at the streets and everybody think it cool.I can insult people just by pressing F8.I can have a unlimited stun-gun.I can take a photo all around San-Fransico.A lot of thing going around the game. Sometime i think of what is the main mission of this game was.The storylines is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥E.D. no ideas what they trying to do.Only thing i know is those youngster only seek for attention.
76561198264097405,Recommended,447040,33548623,Posted: 14 July,all,calzone80,"Wow, what an improvement. Seriously, I loved the first Watch Dogs. The story was decent, the open world was pretty good, and the whole hacking concept was terrific. Then Ubisoft created Watch_Dogs 2, and it blows the first out of the water. The open world is more enticing with much more to do, the characters have actual personalities, and the graphics are simply gorgeous.If you have even the slightest consideration about getting this game, just go for it. I promise you, it will not disappoint."
,Recommended,447040,33587500,Posted: 16 July,all,Darth Vagina,"This game is so lit, i prefer getting this as fast aspossible and playing it with friends"
,Recommended,447040,31210592,Posted: 17 April,all,coastcycle,"Updating my review since the crashes stopped a while back.This game is great now.  For me, it's a better GTA5 than GTA5.  The engine isn't quite as strong as GTA but the overall feel of the story is great.  It has a quirky style uniquely it's own.On top of that, if you like single player campaigns, they have been coming out with real SP expansions.  GTA has clearly ditched it's SP experience in favor of the online game and shark card sales.I also prefer the melded single player/multi player experience this game chose over the split in GTA but that is a matter of taste."
,Recommended,447040,33574305,Posted: 15 July,all,seraphim_fallen,"Why the hate? This is a good game overall; progressive main campaign, plenty of side missions to choose from, and of course being a ""hacking"" god! Admittedly, I was immersed for about a full 24 hrs (with DLC) and then I got bored and started several murder sprees to see how long I could outrun the cops. This game is much more light-hearted than the first game, don't take it too seriously, just have fun!"
76561198164341399,Recommended,447040,33457575,Posted: 11 July,all,1999 chrysler town and country,way bette than the origanal watch dogs also it is totaly diffrent than that game to the story mode and campaign is great an a decent lenght and the online could use so work but overall its a great game
76561198152027312,Recommended,447040,33449922,Posted: 11 July,all,RTYEX,GoodSo GoodVery Good
76561198084511805,Recommended,447040,33482098,Posted: 12 July,all,mattjohnpearce,Not bad
,Recommended,447040,30932921,Posted: 3 April,all,Tea-Rex_TheDinoSir,"Better than the first one. Still a Ubisoft game. This game has a huge amount of content, and of course, as the tradition goes, lots of problems. I'm not saying this game is bad, quite the oposite actualy, for what it is, it is a very good game, there just are sevral lapses in open world game content that is could be better at. Say for example, stealth, parkour, and combat. All these things are in the game, yet they just aren't good enough. For the studio that made Assassin's Creed, the stealth and parkour systems should be far greater than they are. 6/10"
,Recommended,447040,33168173,Posted: 2 July,all,Hey Beter,This game is twice as good as the first game I love the game a lot keep up the good work. I recommend this game to all the pc gamers and new comers to steam.P.S Love the parkour in this game.
,Recommended,447040,33487228,Posted: 12 July,all,NuKe,Nice game I love it works perfect on i7 and NVIDIA GTX 1060 all settings on ultra
,Recommended,447040,33474559,Posted: 12 July,all,ISIS Bucket Challenge,"In Watch_Dogs 2, you play as Marcus, an expert hacker who has the main goal of bringing down Blume, an NSA-like corporation spying on the people of the United States.This game is beautiful, the story, the online, the everything. The story is filled with real life references that make you feel like you're part of an inside joke when you realize them, and it's pretty easy (I finished it in realistic with no problems whatsoever). The mechanics are incredibly easy to learn (I got comfortable within the first 1-2 hours of gameplay), and it takes about 25 hours to complete as can be seen by my play time.The story is very compelling, and one of my favorite parts about this game is the feeling of getting revenge on somebody who did bad. Have you ever wanted to DDoS/bring down a troll in the internet? Get revenge on someone who hurt you in real life? This game will give the feeling as if you did. At one point in the game, a specific character will kill someone close to you, and you get to have the most epic revenge against that character. I love this feeling, and it's all over the game.Overall, I highly recommend it. The story is great, the mechanics are easy to learn, the car physics are good, the online is fun (especially showd0wn), and it's just a good game in general. Buy it."
76561198072115604,Recommended,447040,33471717,Posted: 11 July,all,wattchris6,great
76561198307590472,Recommended,447040,33468516,Posted: 11 July,all,Papa Plenchu,You can dance with gopniks and ur friends. gret♥♥♥♥♥♥m9
76561198256832624,Recommended,447040,33450349,Posted: 11 July,all,Yoshi,This is an amazing game that i recomend to everyone
,Recommended,447040,33478812,Posted: 12 July,all,avigg,niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079391909,Recommended,447040,33487163,Posted: 12 July,all,Manimaul,Love this game. Hacking PVP one of the few games that makes me lol these days.
,Recommended,447040,33591661,Posted: 16 July,all,ylloH,"Good game,Would recommend if you want to play an open world game and mess around with the community, connecting with other players and what not."
,Recommended,447040,31021189,Posted: 8 April,all,flupsiflo,"It is a nice game, but a bit faulty and sometimes it crashes (Asus Strix GTX 1060)."
,Not Recommended,447040,28987137,Posted: 3 January,all,HyperBrid,"This game has an amazing story. The story isnt short but not too long to get boring either. It is one of the few stories that kept me hooked till the end (5 games at most). The story had a lot of plot twists as well as different sagas.A lot of side Ops are available in the game which have some unrelated story but they are too boring for me to play even though I've heard Aiden Pierce is involved in one of them.The Online mode was VERY disappointing! I expected exactly what Ubisoft promised about the multiplayer but that was the worst mistake of my life. There is no online open world in which all online players are roaming like GTA, the biggest thing they promised. Then there are frequent crashes in online which is a total mood killer. The game didnt have 4 player multiplayer online at first but it got added later (Took some time though). The Bounty profile  stuff was also promised but wasnt there, you just jump into an online players world and tag with the police to take him down before he escapes. It takes forever to find a player sometimes too and most players use the hit kill sniper rifle to kill each otherThe Graphics of the game are good but cannot be played upto the full potential because of denuvo. And the trees are hard enough to smash your cars to pieces (Even the branches).The hacking has improved a lot but ubisoft promised more in hacking like driving cars without in them not just moving them around. The pixelated hacking line gets annoying too sometimes and there isnt an option to disable it. The weapons have a variety but not a big one though which was kinda disappointing. The free roaming isnt that fun either.Overall: The game is good but considering the problems, its not worth the price at all"
,Recommended,447040,28755050,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rozer,~.~
,Not Recommended,447040,28274571,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,telakan paskahuoneessa,"well.... I tought the multiplayer was going to be something more like gta v... but no you cant even kill other players in multiplayer... The story on the other hand is yeah, not good but not bad. I you are trying to get a good multiplayer exprience out of this game, then dont buy it. If you are in for the story mode, well then you might want to buy this."
,Recommended,447040,33725365,Posted: 22 July,all,Nut Zach,Scissor lift is Bae.
76561198059258979,Recommended,447040,33759352,Posted: 23 July,all,Devoidzylon,"Watch Dogs 2 is a great game. The protagonist rampaging around town with firearms is a little hard to digest given his cheerful character but thats about the only negative. The graphics too might not be as tasteful but it isnt bad. Ubisoft should throw in some more money into making these games. Specially games like the Watch Dogs franchise that stand out from the crowd. The concept is really unique and the gameplay is engaging. Only Rockstar fanboys would compare GTA V to this game. I've played about 100 abours of GTA V and that game has absolutely nothing interesting other than the well scripted missions. Its open world is tasteless to explore and the map ends before it begins. Watch Dogs 2 only gets more fun the more you play it. Watch Dogs 1 may have let many buyers down but Watch Dogs 2 will not. Give it a try and I hope Ubisoft can respect their customers enough to develop the next game, if theres ever goin to be one, more carefully to perfct it. They've made too much money i think and abuse their customers by spending less on developing the games and overpricing half finished games."
76561198034345197,Not Recommended,447040,33139404,Posted: 2 July,all,tom4,"The whole idea of this game is perfect, BUT the game engine has a serious problems with stability. After a few hours of gameplay you will not be able to launch it at all. With out any spesific reason.It is shame for game developers."
,Recommended,447040,30967815,Posted: 5 April,all,DrLoveBird,Fantastic game. keeps me playing because of the online multiplayer!
76561198212791061,Not Recommended,447040,33272945,Posted: 5 July,all,colin19570929,"First of all, my first recation was ""so this is Dead Sec?"" (spoiler alert!)The mysterious Dead Sec in Watch dogs 1 was so badass that I even dreamed to have a DLC to fight them. Then in Watch dogs 2 they are brought to the surface. A bunch of ""script kiddies trying to get famous"". I'm disappointed.Then the second problem is that the game is generally boring. Feels like the developers don't know what to do anymore. And now I don't know what to do with the game either."
76561198078303849,Recommended,447040,29283816,Posted: 15 January,all,n.shar,"This game is really horribly optimized compared to other open world games: GTA V,  Tom Clancy, FarCry etc.I have them all and can run them on high settings with no issues. In this game the framerate drops to 17 when driving, running and so on.Other than that though I have no complaints so far (with only 2 hours of game play on record)I guess my suggestion to you is wait for a few more patches.. maybe UBI Soft will step up like Tom Clancy and actually optimize the game. Or buy it if you don't care about PC specs.FYI. I have 30 GB of RAM with an AMD R9 M395X graphic card which exceeds the recommended specsEDIT:After giving this game a fair chance, I have decided to change my review to positive.Looks like the latest patches have optimized the performance."
76561198181874939,Recommended,447040,33745978,Posted: 23 July,all,progaming_23,Just one of the best games I played ever
,Recommended,447040,33900034,Posted: 30 July,all,papakancha,it hard to switch from gta 5 to this open world game. I played 3-4 hours then i get bored.
76561198155587333,Recommended,447040,33897838,Posted: 29 July,all,Thicc Muffins,Totally beats the first one. they fixed most issuesand there's a drone.hack the planet
76561198274757583,Recommended,447040,33872161,Posted: 28 July,all,pongoslice,Brilliant
,Recommended,447040,31366888,Posted: 25 April,all,Retro,What the original Watch_Dogs should of been. I really enjoyed playing through WD2. Felt like a modern Assassin's Creed and you can play it the same way. Graphics made the scenery look great & character customisation is a bonus. I'm even tempted to get the DLC!Perhaps Ubi will keep making games like this!9/10
76561198110826060,Recommended,447040,33838089,Posted: 27 July,all,Not Mästare,Beware if you are wanted by more than one gang and you take cover in total motors the game will crash
76561198020835879,Not Recommended,447040,33844347,Posted: 27 July,all,Gnargles,"The game is riddled with glitches, and other things that will make you bash your head against the wall. Including: enemies literally spawning infront of you while driving, online invasions even when disabled, and when the invasions trigger they force you into an online event you didn't even want to join. The game is essentially a GTA but less stable, and so much more frustrating."
76561198081291853,Recommended,447040,33845978,Posted: 27 July,all,Life,"Cool art design. good level design. great graphics. Fun coop, yet coop missions will eventually get repetitive. Good driving controls. Pretty san fran. Good leveling system. Cool parkour animations. cool story. great outfits. good music. freedom of choice. great sound. solid cover system. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,447040,33859013,Posted: 28 July,all,aKrizti,"I love this game. The graphics are a huge leap from anything I've seen in other games, the controls are much better than it's predecessor, and the missions are right in the perfect spot between not too hard, but not too easy. That being said, I feel the story could have been better. It seemed sort of bland, and a little too fake. (spoiler) When Horatio dies it feels like it did nothing to further the story. It was basically cannon fodder, filling in the space between ""major"" points in the story. I enjoyed playing the story, but it just felt like there was much less effort put into this one.It's still a great game and would recommend it to anyone who likes Ubisoft games."
,Recommended,447040,33857621,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,"Who would have thought being a kooky, lovable hacker would lead to so many dead bodies.WD 2 is excellent, I had a blast in single and multiplayer. I have 3 words for you: YourBoySerge. Trust me (:"
76561198204590389,Recommended,447040,33803826,Posted: 26 July,all,pootis,its a very long game and the story mode takes a LONG time to completprosfun mishensgood grafstight conchrolsno cons GET IT 9.0 10
76561198077872535,Recommended,447040,33791294,Posted: 25 July,all,Fake Frank,"The campign is great and i didn't experience any game breaking bugs, just some optimisation problems. The only thing I don't like is that there's not really much of an end game in it. After th campaign you just get a few hours until theres nothing left to do. You have events like bounty hunt or invasion, but there's countless ways to cheese all of them. you can trigger a bounty hunt and have layed out a path that will make you escape the police before the players reach you, or camp in a spot and throw bombs until they rage quit. It was fun to find out these cheeses, but it became old in an hour. If you destroy everything around an area and a hacking invasion starts the only person living is the hacker. You also have co-op mission, but they are too easy and repetetive. They did make a higher difficulty, but in a dlc, so it dosen't count and I consider it greedy that we need to pay for higher difficulty when the game lacks a challenge for even the average gamer. The game is really well done, but after the campaign it isn't really much more to do. I recomend this game if you're interested in the game and think it looks really cool or like the concept of hacking in it, but if you're gonna play the game then I suggest buying a season pass and getting some long hours in the game for it to be worth it as the gam itself isn't enough, but in my point of view the game isn't really worth it"
,Recommended,447040,33788105,Posted: 25 July,all,[OOF]BinoLucky,"This game is shockingly awesome, for it is a sequel but it brings the game before it back in many ways! You can either ride a peaceful boat ride after defeating a yacht or you can chill with Wrench after exposing a presidental canidate! This game is truly amazing. I would recomend this 10/10 game with its amazing multiplayer modes"
76561198282938307,Recommended,447040,33861129,Posted: 28 July,all,krishnasanjay69,"The game is definitely bigger and larger in every way than the first watchdogs, the game starts with normal missions but later it is so fun to play those epic missions ."
,Recommended,447040,33962645,Posted: 1 August,all,Swaan,Good graphics if you got a good pc
76561198249857684,Recommended,447040,33967284,Posted: 2 August,all,8bit,"I just completed the game/story, and the story was great and amazing :) love it :D:D"
76561198062790870,Recommended,447040,34581079,Posted: 29 August,all,skywire13,Just ♥♥♥♥in awsome. Love this game to bits.
,Recommended,447040,28967362,Posted: 2 January,all,peesh,"alright so i have a slightly concerning and confusing amount of hours.i have filled all 3 save slotsthe first is my original, first-time playthrough, and also the one i use to mess around inthe second is a playthrough in which i decided to force stealth where not impossible (to the point where if i get spotted/engaged in combat i restart from the last checkpoint)the third is my ""proper Marcus"" save file. (more on that later)story is pretty decent. there is a little bit of a twist (it surprised me, not sure about other people) and the ending feels really satisfying after all the work. will take the usual player maybe 20-30 hours (i took longer as i got distracted by EVERYTHING)the gameplay is an odd combination of good and bad.driving anything feels like driving a bag of potatochips on a frozen lake, but is still kinda fun (to me)stealth is barebones,  so i dunno why i bothered with a stealth-only savefile. generic ""they see you at different speeds lol"" without any real ""hmmm lets search"" apart from when they find a body or after you break line of sighthacking n stuff is easy but still fun to mess with (insert generic GET THE QUADCOPTER sentence here)police/pursuit/enemies/whatever is preeeeetty nice, although the only ones that seem to sustain a chase is the police, and thats if youre driving like a paraplegic blind manDIFFICULTIES, OH MYtheres the usual easy, normal, hard. theyre pretty eh. easy is just a bit boring, normal is quite forgiving, havent done hardbut oh boy.realistic difficulty is sadistic fun.to outline it:-detected within a second-takes 2-3 PISTOL shots to kill you-enemies are still dumbi used realistic difficulty for my ""Marcus"" playthrough, and only wore marcus' basic clothes (i know) i also used just a pistol, and it was 3D printed. actually wait no im still in the midst of it, and its bloody niceso uhh, thats probably the most detail ive gone into for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam review, id rate the game a solid 7/10, but honestly it could differ for you."
76561198202177471,Recommended,447040,31390453,Posted: 27 April,all,LuciferCreed,The game everybody wants...At last Ubisoft made a very good game !-Graphics awsome on Ultra !-Nice hacking !-The driving is much more better then first game !-Combat is really nice !-Incredible Story !!!-Side quest are good !-Bugs...I didnt't find...so is good  !Buy the game  ! What you are waiting for ?CO-OP is also nice. ! If you have a friend to play with is much more better !10/10
76561198313348254,Recommended,447040,28032072,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Phil Spencer,SUCH A GREAT GAME!!!!!!
76561198143236606,Recommended,447040,34070158,Posted: 6 August,all,Spittles,"This game really doesnt get the attention it deserves. The disappointment of the first game was massive, but I think that this game more than makes up for it. What we have with this game is a very well made open world, with fun gameplay, unique missions, fun side activities, an fairly good story, with good to meh characters. the gameplay is what really shines in this game to me. each mission can be taken in multiple different ways. There are many different routes and abilities that you can use to get to your objective. You can hack your way to victory with distractions, takedown traps, drones, or any of the other various things that can be hacked and used to your advantage. Stealth your way through using melee takedowns and your stun gun and stun grenades. Or you can gun down everyone and everything in your path with the games wide variety of guns and explosives. You can also go lethal or non lethal. Or you can use a mix of all of these things. Whatever fits your play style. It also has a good skill tree progression system that helps you improve your hacking abilities, give you new abilities, inprove your gunplay capabilities, etc. The open world city of the San Francisco Bay area is also a highlight. It's very well crafted with gameplay in mind, and stays true to the real world area, The story is alright. its kind of what you expect from this type of game. The characters are pretty good. You got awesome characters like the main character marcus, and the main villain Dusan. The alright characters like the most of the other of DedSec members. And then you also the have masterful work of art that is Wrench. So, this is an overall great game that really needs more attention. It's what the first game should have been, and it gives me hope that this will become an excellent game series in the future. I know ubisofrt have messed up a lot in the past few years, but it seems like theyre fixing themselves and listening the the consumers. For that and the fact that This is a great game, I HIGHLY reccomend that you get this game."
,Not Recommended,447040,28459425,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Joseph Luker,Didn't hack one celebrity nude.
76561198017768350,Recommended,447040,33965636,Posted: 2 August,all,Phantigma,ヅ 10/10 for actually having dogs in this one ヅ
,Recommended,447040,34020022,Posted: 4 August,all,ma7moodz,"A very enjoyable game, doesn't feel repetetive at all and there is always something to do.The game is DEMANDING"
76561198060204319,Recommended,447040,34000052,Posted: 3 August,all,Hilury Clomptun,Great game but the dlc is wayyy overpriced.
76561198253737696,Recommended,447040,34007810,Posted: 3 August,all,rayburdeyna,Love this game after many hours of playing and still have plenty to do.
76561198172606619,Recommended,447040,33998443,Posted: 3 August,all,Raider569,oolio
76561198146941022,Not Recommended,447040,28063309,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,jmconesa4,"I really enjoyed the first WatchDogs game, it was serious and had a nice, dark atmosphere, I knew since the beggining that the second game would be more colourful and childish, but, man, this game has some weird characters, settings and scenes. The game itself didnt seem very fun to me, aswell as the annoyance of having online content mixing in with the single player, havent brought myself to finish it yet, and I dont know if I ever will."
76561198022606342,Recommended,447040,34057841,Posted: 6 August,all,WANTZiN,"The first Watch_Dogs was a huge missed opportunity. This is the game it should have been! Lots of things to do and a really immersive open world. The story is a little meh and the characters can be annoying at times, but the excellent gameplay more than makes up for that! I really like the way multiplayer works and the game is also optimized well. Good job Ubisoft!"
76561198310983558,Recommended,447040,34099200,Posted: 8 August,all,PilePro,"Just finnished the story mode. Really really great game in my opinion, A medium difficult stealth game with lots of things to do. Really recomend this great game. I used 38 hours to finnish the story, and when you`re done you can do a lot of side missons or grinde the research app, you can also steal money and yea do the tippical sosiopath open world stuff haha.If you ecspect GTA V then be careful with buying. This is pure story and a little bit of grinding. You`re playing this game a lot slower then GTA V because this game is so stealth focust. Playing without stealth can be so much harder, a misson can take hour depending on how careful you are. Just a disclamer."
76561198080597994,Recommended,447040,34128908,Posted: 9 August,all,NEPHEW HARDERBEANIE,quality game. would recommend
76561198280493948,Recommended,447040,34096976,Posted: 7 August,all,Chauncey Xie,"i can't play now,maybe my PC cpu little low,damn it!"
,Recommended,447040,34127268,Posted: 9 August,all,Certified Level 5 Technician,"The first one wasn't that good, but this one is actually good.It even has a good story.I like it."
,Recommended,447040,30250664,Posted: 28 February,all,ʙʟᴀᴢɪɴɢᴛᴀɴᴋ,"Watch Dogs 2 is such a fun game. Its not bad as the first game, the graphics are better, though I thought the graphics would be like rainbow six siege because of the open world engine they used for that game. The combat Is really good, and over the game is amazing!Edit: Game now crashes, i am thinking of making it a thumbs down..."
76561198305690859,Recommended,447040,34103992,Posted: 8 August,all,enggrajpal,Awesome graphics & good story line. 10/10
,Recommended,447040,34133178,Posted: 9 August,all,Nyaos 1984,"While the other reviews seem to cover most of why this game is such an improvement over the first Watch_Dogs, I have to comment one one of the best traits. The missions. I don't think I've seen a developer do such a dramatic 180 between titles. Watch_Dogs 1 consisted of like 5 types of missions that you did over and over and over again. You never knew why you were doing something, or who the enemy was.This game manages to have you do even less, ultimately most missions boiling down to hacking into a server, stealing some information, uploading a virus, etc, but every reason you do it is extremely memorable. The mission structure is divided up into ""Operations"" which serve as perfect episodes that keep the story self contained and paced perfectly. You find yourself breaking into and ruining a knock-off Scientology camp, breaking into off-brand Space-X to hack their satellites, ♥♥♥♥ing around with fake Google's notoriously elitist staff. Everything you do in this game has a purpose and it's all a blast to play."
,Recommended,447040,34390198,Posted: 21 August,all,StingyBanana,"GTA V: **** the PoliceWatch Dogs 2: Troll the PoliceRecommended?YES!PS: Right now in the month of August, it has been crashing, but it might just be me. All in all, it's worth it."
,Recommended,447040,33497236,Posted: 13 July,all,Shirouz,Good game but very Repetitive !But good game !
,Recommended,447040,34383148,Posted: 20 August,all,Max,"Really liked this game and continue playing it from time to time. Yes there are better games in this genre, but this one good decent hacking. If you want to just go blow up sh*t, this game is not worth it, if you want to be stealthy and hack all stuff without rembo-mode - try this game."
76561198355882691,Not Recommended,447040,31032722,Posted: 8 April,all,ThomasIsaacBush,"Video games should be challenging, but not too much that the experience isn't fun. This work of art is both challenging and fun. Creativity and originality make their pressence known. Colorful characters and an interesting plot add atmosphere to a setting that is full of activity with NPCs that are not static. This game is visually stunning with the right graphics settings as well. Controls are great, and there is a variety of objectives to complete that put them to good use. Also included is a soundtrack that is full of flavor. Watch Dogs 2 is my favorite video game. Multiplayer is adequate, and Grand Theft Auto V wishes it had a single player experience this great. My score for this is 6/10 though, because the NPCs aren't smart enough. Nothing man made is perfect, but the requirements to reach some of these research points in this this games are outrageous.. It's definitely an improvement compared to it's predecessor."
76561198314655548,Recommended,447040,34633217,Posted: 31 August,all,Pussy_Destroyer,i had so many hours go into my 44% finished game and it is all ♥♥♥♥ing gone i dont kno where but im ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of usbisoft fix ur ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198042550686,Recommended,447040,34641906,Posted: 31 August,all,✮мιмzу✮,dope :D !!!
,Recommended,447040,34649433,Posted: 31 August,all,Snaily9,Love the game highly suggest getting it if you like hacking and GTA V! Amazing game great graphics too! unlike the first game
,Recommended,447040,34793894,Posted: 7 September,all,Markusnl,"Just finished the main storyline plus all side missions after a proper 36 hours. I'm not sure if I'd go back again to explore all that there is left to explore, but the game has definitely been fun and interesting.Pros:* San Francisco feels very much alive, with lots of fun conversations between random people happening everywhere.* Great graphics. Running this game with all settings maxed out is a sight to behold.* Most missions are fairly original and varied enough, with proper pacing. The (main and side) story will almost always keep you wondering what's coming next.Cons:* Odd car physics.* Don't like the radio stations.* Difficulty spikes.It's great to see how nicely this series recovered after a disastrous start. And that not all Ubisoft games need to suffer from Ubisoft-itis (like the Far Cry and Assassins Creed series do)."
,Recommended,447040,33176531,Posted: 3 July,all,ChiliJunkie,"EDIT: Changing this review to recommended since its a fantastic game. Those fireworks stopped.Watch Dogs 2 is a massive improvement on the first game. It is fun to roam the colorful San Francisco and the hacking mechanics are great, often allowing you to not even enter a building yourself and only sending in your drones.I have been having great fun with this one.I am having great fun, seamless invasions are fun, favour the invaded but you can get away if you are clever, gameplay can get a tad repetitive, solving environmental puzzles but the story is engaging and the charactersare memorable.Buy: YES, but do not touch it until after the 10th of July"
76561198047909180,Not Recommended,447040,28238695,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DarkMatter,"The new new patch did something and can't be bothered looking again what it did. Needs re-install to fix black screen after latest update if you get it.Don't use the Ultra Textures DLC, just set the game to Ultra if you have the GPU to do it, then set Geometry and Shadows on High,  and finally turn off FOG, Screen-space reflections, headlight shadowsThe new patch upped the frame rate and it's all working pretty well. Added new settings to graphics options to help people further improve the frame rate.There is a lot of work put into the AI and NPCs to bring the world to life. NPCs react to your actions and some are alligned with factions and alert them if they see you acting suspiciously. Many different unique and different characters inhabit the world, with a good porportion of weirdos and freaks, that balance the odd bit of abuse nicely dished out by the beligerant types.SF (as in San Francisco) abuse may have a bit more creativity than your average base instinct remarks from yobs and louts in other cities and towns."
76561198296153632,Recommended,447040,34761512,Posted: 5 September,all,[TG] Creka,An sich gutes spiel aber es wird eine warnugn für ram und grafik karte gegeben obwohl ich die voraussetzungen erfülle (8GB Ram + NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750)
,Recommended,447040,34666359,Posted: 1 September,all,Bruce Wayne csgotower.com,A great game coop experiance is also good :D Best mode is showdown i love that mode and story and gameplay mechanics also great overall 12/10 game i recommend it to everyone who like strategic and action games :D
,Recommended,447040,34689915,Posted: 2 September,all,☆ Red ♥,"tbh amazing. the driving is much better from the first game, and I mean it when I say that."
,Recommended,447040,33322418,Posted: 6 July,all,Coffofee,This game is by FAR the BEST game I have EVER come ACROSS! Well done developers for making an amazing game ! I cannot find ONE bad thing ABOUT THIS GAME! I WANT YOU TO BUY IT NOW IF YOU HAVENT! The better version of GTA with more features and content!
,Recommended,447040,34094977,Posted: 7 August,all,SpookyBean13,"A good improvement over the last the game, It lacks of things to do once you finish all of the main and side missions. the main problem i have with the game is joinging bounty activitys in a slow car and spawning really far away from the guy you have to kill also the AI while stealthing is like watching 2 blind dogs look out a window"
,Recommended,447040,34254673,Posted: 15 August,all,LibertyUrbanOutlaw,"Another Watch_Dogs game, and/but it's a good one.- Hacking, as the main part of gameplay, is doubtlessly fun. From peeping on someone's personal info to causing a electricity blackout, you can hack just almost everything: cars, people, computers, servers, circuit boxes, etc. etc.- AI in W_D2 was perhaps one of the best I've ever seen in games, reacts pretty much just like those pedestrains you see every day (unless...), people in W_D2 even have their own emotions, most impressive.- Story's pretty damned good too, can make you feel like some kind of hacker.- Skills, referred as ./Research, proven to be fun and actually useful - non of them seems to be a waste in game.- Lots of locations and vehicles, even sailboats that you actually need to care about wind direction when on one.- Nice co-op mode, as well as multiplayer, though you still can't do any of SP operations(missions) online.- Good tracks, all those music kinda lifted my spirit, especially ones on K66 FM.- Superb graphics.Now this game still isn't my favorite neither the best.- Combat and stealth, on the other hand, basically sucks. For example, all of the enemies engage combat with you in no time as soon as one of them fully acquired you, without any window to take them out. And weapons controls makes me feel so unnatural, you can neither fire in hip nor in cover, and can only toggle weapon zoom rather than zoom in/out, so bad that sometimes I would rather poke them with a stick if I can.- Customizations are almost as bad as that, you can only change skins of weapons and vehicles, with no upgrades at all. At least you can still change Marcus' clothes and improve some skills.- Any more interations available with dogs in game?- No aircrafts, while you can still RC a quadcopter, it has limited range and you can't send yourself flying... missing some good views. (well, there is no airports here and rare helipads too)- Not optmized for laptops, which means you probably only play this at home or you're going to suffer from poor performance.- Someone tell me why Ubi still have those wierd regional policies.Regarding to how long I played this game, Watch_Dogs 2 is not cheap, but still some great fun (some annoyance, too), so I say it worth buying, what's not to love in San Francisco, anyway?"
76561198000058788,Recommended,447040,34584612,Posted: 29 August,all,Tater No-Pants,From edgy vigilante to parkour hipster
76561198078430579,Recommended,447040,34826350,Posted: 8 September,all,SKRPTSKJ,"Yee letse print sniper rifle from cheap amazon pla in 10 secondsthis game has improved greatly compared to its predecessorGameplay is good, graphics look nice,  espacially San Francisco as a wholebut the Intro of the game is kinda meh"
,Recommended,447040,34805009,Posted: 7 September,all,TheIpodk9,"A great game, I could write a whole ♥♥♥♥ing page about it, but I really don't feel the need to. I mean, I really would love to, but most people don't read those and I don't want to take the time to, it's really just great on pretty much every front and way better than the original. Just get it and have some fun."
76561198307421267,Recommended,447040,34942868,Posted: 13 September,all,hisamudin60,This is suc a fun game and i like it ...it will be more fun if its can play online world that have many player on it
,Recommended,447040,29947067,Posted: 15 February,all,<--M--I--K--E--L-->,"Short Review:  Great game, fun to play, I reccomend!Long Review: The game has a great campaign and good side missions, the multiplayer is great after some new add on's, you wont always have a partner to do the online missions, I just wish that you could you see more online people frequently :/Pro's about this game:Amazing StoryGood GraphicsPushes your CPU and GPU to almost 100% usageControls are pretty goodAmazing parkour animationsRealistic running animationsBarely any hackers after some updateCons:The AI is meh, they arent that smart and the modeling for people is comeplete garbage.The ragdoll physics are REALLY bad, try jumping out of a car and youll spin like a 100 timesThe cars are too slow but that might be due to the map size or somethingIt looks like there are more cons, but those are just some minor errors that wont effect too much of your gameplayOverall, I reccomend!"
76561198262278616,Recommended,447040,29319520,Posted: 17 January,all,Алексейевка,"uh, not too bad."
,Recommended,447040,34896680,Posted: 12 September,all,Ledi,"my expectations for this game were not very high after the disappointment that was the first game. like i was really worried that i had made really dumb financial decision when i bought this.but i was surprised to find that this game is full of depth. interesting missions, interesting diverse characters and lots of interesting things to do. despite of the few overused and disgustingly outdated memes shoved into the game (the weird bootleg trollface near the 3d printer gives me nightmares), this was one of the best games i have played for a while!"
76561198241740462,Recommended,447040,34890611,Posted: 11 September,all,Superoid,Made me bust 6 times in 5 minutes.
,Recommended,447040,28054164,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jater,"Full Review after clearing the game:Cons1. I did not find the fps limit option, if there must be a fps drop, at least give us a option to limit our fps, we want a stable fps, even if it is only 50 or something (like Forza Horizon 3, 48 fps limit)2. Anti-Alising is extremely bad, all stuff are jagged as hell under No AA or MSAA2x, if you want a MSAA4x no jagged stuff experience, due to the existing bad fps drop and the large amount of graphical computing that MSAA requires, simply, you can't play the game.3. Compare to GTA5, AI is not that good for a open world game, if you kill a guy in public, some other guys will come and attack you (THEY ARE NOT AFRAID)4. Personal point of view, if there will be less cop or restricted areas around when you kill someone or rob a car in public, it will be more fun for free roaming, currently the cops and gangs are a bit overreacted.5. Some missions are a little bit harder than I expected, result in a great numbers of replay, and I have to deal with the frustrition of it.Pros so far:1. Passionate character and main story, it's a very fun game to play, main sotry involves a tons of different playstyle.2. Side Missions are incrediablely instersting, no repeated grinding at alll, all missions are fresh and different, some of the side missions also feature a great number of cut scenes.3. It's a lively San Fransisco, players are able to explore the world in their own ways, there are a lot of stuff going on in the city.4. Clothes Designs is great, there are tons of different clothe shops selling different styles of clothes for your character to wear, which makes the character customization diverses.5. Music is well produced, and decor the overall style of the game, you can hear ochestra melodys when doing some mission, or some progressive electric music when doing other missions.Overall, if there is no frame rate issue, this game will be greater, but it's still a very good game to play!"
76561198070067421,Recommended,447040,35111147,Posted: 21 September,all,L-JK,Unexpectedly amazing
76561198312759080,Recommended,447040,35109035,Posted: 21 September,all,mhamid227,This is the best game i have ever played. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is willing to buy it.
76561198347832414,Recommended,447040,35106362,Posted: 21 September,all,aljawad3214,It a cool game so many things to do great cityBetter than gta5
,Not Recommended,447040,28896345,Posted: 1 January,all,Evanwck,.
,Recommended,447040,35018214,Posted: 17 September,all,Freefabian,I really love this game because it is just so open and everything just feels so alive.
,Recommended,447040,35038924,Posted: 17 September,all,Bastulos,"This was much better than its predecessor. The tone of the game was more fun, the setting was more vibrant, the story was more engaging. It improved in nearly every way. If you liked the first one and open world games with a GTA vibe, then I recommend you look into Watch Dogs 2."
76561198136069578,Recommended,447040,35078008,Posted: 19 September,all,charlievf,"i dont know why this game didnt become popular ,its an excelent game with super great story mode"
,Recommended,447040,30155147,Posted: 24 February,all,Delinquent Doge,"Really fun and worth the money! It's really fun to just be driving around the bay area and suddenly run into other players, or a fight. Ubisoft did a great job with the little things, such as a person yelling about their ex, while beating a car(presumably their ex's) with a baseball bat"
76561198136159130,Recommended,447040,29975058,Posted: 16 February,all,Cubey,Why am I a hippie
,Recommended,447040,35135512,Posted: 22 September,all,Sevianz,Great game support after launch
,Recommended,447040,35155931,Posted: 23 September,all,\\ BUTTMAN //,"Watch Dogs 2 is no great leap forward, but it sees the series headed in the right direction with more colour, more flair and a real sense of fun. The action’s solid and the mission design much less generic, while Ubisoft Montreal has given you a great set of tools and the freedom to use them as you will. If the original Watch Dogs was a mean-looking hound, all bark, no bite, the sequel’s a more playful pooch that’s all about having a good time – and it’s all the better for it."
,Recommended,447040,35172596,Posted: 23 September,all,Pauleh,Loving the game so far.
,Recommended,447040,35221113,Posted: 26 September,all,Mortem Spiritus,"So yeah, against all odds, ""Watch_Dogs 2"" was actually a great game. It's like Ubisoft took the first game and improved on every single aspect.Positives:- Pretty large map, with unique locations and is really well designed.- The open world feels like an open world (unique NPC's, conversations, and again, designs).- The characters are well-rounded and much better than the first game.- The seemless multiplayer isn't as annoying as the first game's, and has better co-op features.- GTA-styled customisation so your character stands out from the crowd.- The graphics are, although not too impressive, still beautiful to look at.- Tonnes of collectibles around the map which encourages you to explore.Negatives:- The driving is still made by Ubisoft, though not as bad as the first game.- The NPC's don't always react properly (although mostly enjoyable, can be a little off-putting).- The controls sometimes do things you don't want them to do (like jump off a building and die).I couldn't find much about this game that I didn't like, it just worked so well. If you're a huge GTA fan, you might not enjoy it as much, but you'll still have fun. I do like how the hacking has improved and is more functional, and how you can choose to complete the game without killing. So yeah, imagine everything you wanted from the first game, and now most of it is in this one.9.5/10, GG Ubisoft."
,Recommended,447040,29535462,Posted: 27 January,all,henzo800,This game is like GTA with nerds.Just finished campaign and loved every second of it.It runs perfenctly on low settings with my GTX 960 and amd eight-core.Buy it now :)
76561198068546091,Recommended,447040,35270978,Posted: 28 September,all,=S*E=Psilmex,"Scratched my hacking itch, fun game, could be maybe more technical, but lots of fun puzzels"
,Recommended,447040,35262332,Posted: 28 September,all,2-D,"Much better than Watch_Dogs 1, Maybe get it on sale."
,Recommended,447040,35251675,Posted: 27 September,all,Ronin Prime,"Goes on a bit too long, but all the characters are likable, even if they're a bit cringy"
,Recommended,447040,35266331,Posted: 28 September,all,ReX,A little dissapointedbut overall its not that bad7/10
76561198345001988,Recommended,447040,29261927,Posted: 14 January,all,x103,"I originally wrote a negative review of this game. Then, months later, I played it on a 144hz gsync monitor. Never mind any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this looks and plays incredable at 130fps on a gsync monitor. Not playing the missions and just enjoying the view made me give this game another chance and another review. 10/10 for just vitual hanging about."
76561198254424768,Recommended,447040,35293406,Posted: 29 September,all,naemTCONTC,8\10
,Recommended,447040,35182553,Posted: 24 September,all,Zataru,Good game. Fun Multiplayer.
76561198080343387,Recommended,447040,35455339,Posted: 3 October,all,Gwynbleidd,"I have to admit, this game was completely a surprise.  I didn't expect it to be good, let alone great.Seriously, I really had A LOT of fun playing Watch_Dogs 2. I didn't play the first game so I can't make a comparison but WD2 is really, definitely worth your money. Amazing graphics, interesting missions, very well balanced dynamics, very entertaining multiplayer integration, cool customisation options, super soundtrack- simply a great game that I will remember for a good time. It is a thrilling adventure and I can assume that most people will play it till the end really fast.WD2 has a great attention to details, obviously the work of a group of people who really cared about making a good game.  I wish all Ubisoft titles were like this, gaming world would be a much better place.In my opinion, one of the best games I've played lately.  Don't miss!"
76561198208773720,Recommended,447040,35459682,Posted: 3 October,all,Dr.Hat,Good game if you live in San Francisco you'll like the or even is you don't live in sf and wanted to go to sf this game captures San Francisco's touristsic attractions
,Recommended,447040,35483903,Posted: 4 October,all,Bowlah Gee Eggs,Hipster music
,Recommended,447040,35511427,Posted: 5 October,all,AProBro,Way too short buy very good game
