user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,447170,32097847,Posted: 31 May,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This is probably the first game from these developers that I’ve actually enjoyed and I have no major complains about. The story had a deeper plot than I’ve imagined, and the characters were good. Yes, there are some cliché situations, but honestly, so far this is the best title developed by Dogenzaka.I liked that they had the balls to make canon sad endingsand even an “evil ending”. I did not expected that!. Don’t get me wrong, I love happy endings in otome VNs, but this title is about war and it’s also quite violent. It felt refreshing to see something different from what I’m used to.Not all the characters treat the MC like garbage and that was a HUGE improvement. She also has her own moments like fighting. It made me happy that she was willing to learn new things and how to defend herself in the battlefield. The art is also very pretty, and I’d like to point out the BGM; it’s awesome! It gets repetitive after some time, but wow, the songs are good.8/10. I recommend getting this title on a sale and if you’re in the mood of reading something different from the usual otome VNs."
,Recommended,447170,22271546,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Purplella,"Currently working on a walkthough one of the storylines. This game has amazing artwork, and music. If you like anime. visual novels, mystery and love. You will enjoy this game. I would get it now while its 40% off.Update; I finished Hanbei story line A and B, both of them were depressing but showed a rich story line. I won't tell anyone any spoilers but don't look forward to a happy ending regardless.11/10 Will cry out for Hanbei again."
76561198045271380,Not Recommended,447170,23233750,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Volurin,"I had to think really hard before I wrote this review.I've played one other game produced by Dogenzaka Lab which was The Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuya. Two completely different games, despite them having the same annoying tendency to do loop music that you can't mute! Ahem. Back to it. Destiny's Princess didn't have the same length to it or content - it was shorter and more condensed. The visuals were nice but there seemed to be a lack of still images and some were just repeated with the characters only changing in view by their lips or stance. It was a little dissapointing.The plot of DP was incredibly cliche being centered around all the male characters loving the herioneand even hinting at incest.I'm not sure if I can say I enjoyed the game or not. There were parts that I liked and parts that I didn't like. I am certainly not used to there beingcharacter death that you can do nothing differently to prevent it from happening.That was a real heart-string puller. It was like watching a FF7 cinematic.So let's pro/con:Pro:-Gorgeous male characters....yeah, sorry that's all I have for the pros.Con:-Typical female lead (damsel in distress, blah blah blah)-Consistent loop music-Lack of still visuals-Some grammar and punctuation errors-Lack of choicesIt doesn't really matter what you do in the game as it doesn't effect the two endings you can recieve on any character path. You can simply save when it comes to the ending choice and play from there.-Lack of smut scenes! This is probably based on personal preference but VN's should always be steamy or have proper kissing scenes. This didn't cut it!So at the end of the day, would I actually recommend this game to another person? In all honesty, no. For the amount of content you get for the price and time you put into it, definitely not. There is no replay value either. Through every character playthrough it just became more and more cliche and boring - I was actually just pressing enter a lot to skip dialogue because it was just so uninteresting and flat with no charm.However, I would recommend it as a first-time Otome/VN. It's less complicated and simpler than some of the others I have played but for experienced Otome players? Nup don't think so."
76561198052385248,Recommended,447170,22277949,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,GhostCat,"Highly RecommendedA Beautiful  story, amazing artwork and music.Characters  are deep and unique.If you like Visual novel and a well written story , don't hesitate , Grab it while it's on specialP.S.  Tissue needed, one path is a tearjerker"
,Recommended,447170,22295163,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,mirta000,"currently 3/5 routes in. The endings are not always happy, however the stories are engaging, very different to each other and have a fair amount of main story line differences that it makes it interesting to play trough each one.This game is also unique in the way that it is impossible to fail a route. The ending is decided by one final decision in each route. How much a character likes you only determines chat lines with you and the amount of pictures that you get. Having in mind that I Have 7 hours of play time I would estimate the total play time available, if you're not 100% character likes and the galery to be around 11 hours.Small warning, if very forward guys are not your thing (and I mean sexual groping in some cases, in others forced nudity) you might not enjoy all the routes and therefore consider it not worth your money.I have already gotten more entertainment value out of this than out of Amnesia: Memories, and because I actually feel like each character is appealing in their own way I'm likely to actually finish all the routes."
,Recommended,447170,22509355,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Rillania,"I spent the weekend binging through the title, and I must say that after having finished the routes, I fairly enjoyed the game. I may go further into detail later on, but for now I'll give a brief review and explaination at the end.Pros:-Great artwork-Beautiful soundtrack-Varied character archetypes-Fairly interesting storyCons:-Some QC errors with a good chunk of typos, missing grammar, and awkward sentences. (Still better than Kikuya's QC problems though)-Game fell short of a good bit of potential the story and characters had-Became somewhat dull in placesOverall, for the price, I'd highly recommend the game for otome fans. While there's better titles out there if you're new/just getting into the otome scene, Destiny's Princess was an enjoyable play for its length. However, there is quite a lot of sad/bittersweet endings, so If you're looking for a very ""feel good"" otome, then you should probably look elsewhere.I've seen a few people comment negatively about the fact that there are two ""incest"" routes, but what a lot of people fail to mention is that, while there is quite a lot of incestual context, the two routes in question are not true incest routes. The male characters in those routes have ""taken the place"" of the protagonist's twin brother and father, but they are not actually related in any way. This is explained right off the bat in every route."
,Recommended,447170,34498425,Posted: 26 August,all,lone,"Destiny's Princess: A War Story, A Love Story ~Forbidden Love~ tells the tale of Princess [insert your name here], her wish to ressurect her dead family, and her struggles. I've put up a summary of the game as the store page doesn't have very good details, plus my general review. Spoiler-Free. Scroll to the end for my brief summary.❤Characters:Because the store doesn't give an accurate preview of the characters of the game, I'll break it down here. All except yourself are datable, of course;- You: You're the Princess of an unnamed castle on the border of Kyogoku. You have tomboyish tendencies like enjoying climbing trees and archery and tend to speak your mind if necessary.- Yukimura Sanada: Your energetic, quick-to-act twin-brother who acts as temporary commander in the events of the game. He's kind of childish and teases you a lot, but it's in good health.- Hanbei Tanaka: Your coldhearted fiance. The game describes him as ""cool and calm"", and while that may be true, he's a genuine♥♥♥♥♥♥for the majority of his route. He's a mix between your standard stoic character and your standard sadistic creep.- Masamune Date: The leading general of the castle who, while quiet, is still playful and induldges you in your tomboyish acts.- Kotaro Fuma: The game describes him as aloof, but Kotaro is really fun to be around and acts as both a comedic and intriguing character.- Nobunaga Oda: Your dad. Your rude, gross dad. Not enough can be said about him that won't get censored by steam.❤Plot:The game opens up with you, Princess [insert your name here], on more or less your final day. Demons have invaded your castle, and both those you have loved and those you don't know have died; handsmaids, vassals, your father, so on. You, too, are about to meet your untimely demise, when suddenly, you discover your precious family heirloom- a blade with a demon trapped inside that can grant any wish. You quickly wish upon the dagger as you're close to breathing your last breath- a vague wish that you ""want to be saved"".People from ""other worlds"" are then brought in and replace the people important to you who have died that night. They replace the memories you have of their actual counterparts, which leaves you feeling mixed. The game then branches from this night, and you're free to choose which character you'd like to date.❤Gameplay:The game plays like a standard VN with your occassional choice thrown in here and there. Depending on your choice, your affinity with the character you're romancing will rise. You'll be able to see more of their story after the final branching choice if you've crossed the ~55% affinity threshold.Each character has 8 chapters, which then split into two endings based on your choice in chapter 8 (which the game will inform you will decide your ending). After you beat one ending, you'll also unlock a Sequel and a Date Scenario, which are nice in their own right, especially if you like a certain character.The main story itself isn't as intriguing as the store page makes it out to be, and it kind of gets rammed in your head enough that you can figure it out on its own. Most plot twists (and there's none, I'm just saying that in hyperbole) are easily realized by yourself after you've completed one route. However, the stories of each character are unique and interesting, and that's the important part.There are plenty of CGs in each route. The sprites of the characters are expressive and pretty as well- perhaps my only issue is that Kotaro definitely doesn't look like a ninja with the hairstyle he sports, but maybe that's me. The music is also fairly decent for a dating sim.I personally recommend playing in the order given to you on the character choosing screen from right to left; starting with Yukimura and ending with Nobunaga (though go down to read my vague warning about that). Kotaro and Masamune have the best routes, if you're the type of person to save best for last.❤My Review:Destiny's Princess: A War Story, A Love Story ~Forbidden Love~ is a game I both enjoyed yet also disliked to a degree. As stated before, I was really into Kotaro and Masamune's routes, but felt mildly disturbed by Yukimura's route (the brother thing gets kinda weird), disappointed by Hanbei's route (he's pretty cruel), but, most importantly, absolutely disgusted by Nobunaga's route. I said this was a spoiler-free review, and it will be, so I won't ellaborate on the things he did throughout his story, but I completed it feeling... filthy. Absolutely filthy.The dissatisfaction I felt with him has mainly to do with cheap shock tactics and a strong lack of morality and taste, not to mention weird characterization. The game says to play Nobunaga's route last as it contains spoilers, but honestly, it's sickening and the plot is beat into your head so much after 4 previous routes that you can just stop at Kotaro because you stop caring (as consequences are kind of nothing in this game, so you end up going ""meh, whatevs"" a lot).Trust me, you'll want to stop at Kotaro. I had so much fun with his whole route that I wanted to replay it again.As it stands at full price, I would not pay 16 dollars for this game. I bought this game for 5 dollars on the summer sale and I feel like that's probably more reasonable. 8 dollars is a good ground for it, honestly.❤tl;dr:Would I recommend you play this game? Yes.Would I recommend you play all of this game? No, because some of it is in bad taste, specifically Nobunaga's route, but I won't stop you.Does this game offer a lot of content? Yes. Around an hour's worth of story for five characters plus two bonus stories for completing 1/2 endings.Is this game hard? Just savescum and you'll be fine, but most correct choices are blatantly obvious.Should I buy this game at full price?...........Wait until a sale hits.I rate this game a 7/10.Hope I helped! ❤ lone"
,Not Recommended,447170,32919429,Posted: 28 June,all,.:|:Lorena:|:Ray:|:.,"Oh boy. Where do I even start?It has a similar theme to their other games, pretty straight forward non-linear branching storyline with minimal choices each of which either add to the MC's likeability or add no points.Destiny's Princess has two distinct good endings as well as two basic endings. All of which are easily attainable within a very short timespan. It does come with trading cards which is good for some people as well. You can tell which endings that you've unlocked by going to each character's selection page. Silver crowns are ones that are still locked, Gold or copper are unlocked. Not quite sure why but it does make it easier to navigate.Unlike a few of these developers games, this one does a good job of keeping the story PG-13. That may be a bonus or a detractor depending on who is playing. It's not an eroge by any means, which means it's suitable for most ages.I doubt that they read any of the reviews posted by their customers, but on the off chance that they do, or care; I would like to suggest a few things that would really up the overall play factor in the game, and in the process help other people into otome choose whether or not this game is worth purchasing for themselves.1) It would be nice to have a few more twists in the story and a few more ending choices. Perhaps more dynamic endings that involve multiple characters or ""mixed path"" romance options as well.This game is pretty straight forward. Unlike other titles in this genre there really is no ""common path"" where you learn about the characters either which means it's guess work. There is no suggested play order outside of one path in this game, which I didn't like. I prefer having a general idea. IMO the best way to do their games is simply top left to bottom. Otherwise it breaks the story flow.The prologue much like their other games is short, and while the characters have a description of their character points before you choose the path, there really isn't enough besides the character's looks in this game to invest you into their character imo.2) The looping music. While it's not a detractor for everyone, I literally had to mute the music entirely in order to finish the game. It's too repetitive. I've seen this in other games as well, and for the price I am not surprised but I would have preferred an option to merely turn down the music.3) The length of the overall game. While I did buy this on sale, it wasn't that expensive normally. I can however say that had I not gone to work at all, I could have completed this game within two hours. I do read -very- quickly so that could vary by user.The main reason I say this is a short game however, is simply because the story does not change much in regards to different character's paths outside of how much they know about their situation in the story. In fact, it changes so little outside of that, by the time I had gotten to the suggested ""final"" path, I had already figured out the entire story.4) The UI. While I understand that this is a cheaper game. I would have liked the ability to set my screen resolution. In most of their games that I've played I've noticed, there is only ""windowed"" or ""full screen"" which is kind of an annoyance to me, as it means that there isn't an option for windowed full screen. Another gripe is that there isn't a quick load or quick save button. This game has many save slots but if you're familiar with how the developer makes their games, there isn't a need for more than one save file per character. One good point is that you can choose the opacity of the text window, and the text speed. There isn't really much that can be said outside of that. It's just a very basic user interface.5) Lack of minigames at all. Like other games by these developers there is absolutely no end game content. There's nothing ingenuitive or creative here. Once you've finished the game, there's no reason to keep it installed. It feels very much ""factory produced"" rather than ""creative"" and that makes me quite sad. This game isn't utter garbage, but it really could use more to it, like their other games.In my favorite visual novels there is usually more depth in these regards. I wouldn't mind paying significantly more for a more complex game in this category by the publisher if they spent more time on their games. I've spent over 60 dollars on multiple fully fleshed out games within this category which had minigames, way more CG's, a ton of options, and replay value, so I would like to see less quantity and more quality from these developers, since I know where it could be better.Also for a few spoilers and from my perspective one really big detractor:This game implies incest, in regards to MC and her brother/father. While it wasn't acted on, thanks to story and also I get that it was set in a different time, but there were a few definite cringe moments for me when completing it thanks to this. Also many of the characters know they're not who they are ""replacing"" by the end of the game, before they're ""allowed to know"" which totally breaks the entire plot in my opinion. Not fun!I also want to say that while the art style is okay, the backgrounds leave much to be desired. A lot of the artwork goes through a ton of lazy filters and post processing work. The character models are well designed, and the small sample of CG's are pretty good as well. There's not much uncanny valley, (but there is a little bit regarding eye placement, or body placement. It happens. I get it.) The men didn't seem to have glaringly obvious ""yaoi hands."" That's an improvement from prior titles. I do wish that there was a bit less post processing with the ""grunge"" filter added to the characters. It looks a bit lazy in my opinion.So overall, the game isn't -terrible.- It is definitely not the worst visual novel with non-linear branches that I've played. However - if you're looking for something which will invest a lot of your time and get you fully interested in this genre, this isn't my first recommendation.Overall it's a 4/10 from me.TL;DR: The music is okay but repetitive. The story is fine but short, and the characters were fairly predictable. Get it if you like this companies other otome games, overall I am not a fan."
,Not Recommended,447170,30202962,Posted: 26 February,all,SecretSarah,"As a whole this game is somewhat less blatantly pornographic than the other Dogenzaka Lab games I have tried to play, which I appreciate. There was a small amount of actual story but it's mostly just the same old boring, bland, Mary-Sue MC that EVERY Dogenzaka game has. She lives to be wooed by one sketchy dude at a time but, woe-is-me, she's just too pure and embarrassed to ever really consent to anything that goes down.Each character story is linear but with two possible endings. You just sort of pick the ending you want; it's not based on your game choices. Periodically there is a dialog options where one of the two responses is arbitrarily right. Enough right answers and you unlock a short epilogue to the ending but no dialog choice actually impacts the story.The art was lovely but there is so little music that I had to mute the game to stop myself from going insane."
,Not Recommended,447170,23444789,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,OssimMimi,"So before I bought the game I read the reviews here on Steam. Most of them were good and a few of them were bad... I should've listened to them... I've played quite a few otome games such as Code Realize, Dandelion, and Amnesia, which were all amazing games I actually bawled my eyes out. This game, however, did not make me feel anything at all.WARNING POSSIBLE SPOILERSThere are like 10 endings and I played it all and unlocked all the pictures.. There were so little so it wasn't hard (which was one of the things that bothered me) The gallery was just filled with the same picture but just them closing their eyes or smiling (it was horrible and honestly this should've been a mobile game). It took me like 2-3 hours to finish each guy's story (both endings) which is super short. There were a few guys (won't mention who) that had died or got injured or whatever... I did not shed a single tear and the only thought that came to me was... idfc... It was a chore to play through it... As mentioned before in previous posts, there are a few scenes of sexual harrassment, but that didn't really bother me as much because I've played Diabolik Lovers *shudders* (never again). So if you're not into that, definitely don't buy it. What REALLY bothered me is the lack of details. They didn't answer my questions I had through out the game and it really aggravates me! And WTF was that ending??? Nobunga's story... I have no words... All I can say is that it made me cringe SO bad.So in conclusion, if you're immune to cringey sh*t, knock yourself out. The art was still lovely though, I'll admit that... Lack of content, little details... all for 15 bucks... it's up to you guys to figure out if it's worth your money, but I should've expected much from a cheap game."
,Recommended,447170,35161706,Posted: 23 September,all,Helevorn,"A nice visual novel, with a good story and many historical references.Works like all the usual visual novels, even if you have five different character paths before starting the game itself.Every character has many chapters and even sequels and bonuses, and you can spend some hours on here :)Nothing extremely beautiful or amazing (good graphics though), but definitely worth a try if you like classic visual novels with a Japanese taste."
,Not Recommended,447170,22440579,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Firefly,"First glance - music is nice, art is beautiful. Why the thumbs down? (Well I may change my mind at a later point, so I intend to update this review eventually...)  But for now thumbs down because:- No matter how hard I try, I find the story line extremely boring.- The choices I decide rarely ever increase my ""likeability.""- The fact that they even include likeability as you go confuses me greatly. Part of me feels obligated to check every so often to see if I made the right choices (gee, if only real life were like that, LOL.)- Everything just seems utterly random with no real thought put into it.- The translations are kind of ... meh? IDK. Hard to explain. I feel like this would benefit from localizing or whatever you gamer geeks call it.- Characters seem flat asf. Yawn. I don't care how sexy you can draw, animators, if the characters are boring, I just don't GAF. :-(I will keep plodding onward in an attempt to finish the story line. I am around Chapter 3 ish right now so maybe it picks up? I WANT TO LIKE THIS GAME. But I feel like it is a chore to keep playing it, not something I look forward to, so maybe it's just not for me. Don't let my negative review discourage you though...lots of other folks seem to like it!!  :-S"
,Recommended,447170,26028899,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"Dogenzaka seems to be pretty hit or miss. This had good CGs, semi-interesting characters and handsome men. The backgrounds werent blurry, but the music was still horribly repetitive. While it's a step up from some of their other games (My Secret Pets!). It's still mediocre, Basic otome game. Worth the read, but don't expect something amazing."
,Not Recommended,447170,31800756,Posted: 17 May,all,J.L.B.,"Okay storyline with some cute scenes, some sketchy scenes. The art is overall nice. However, key plot points repeat across the different characters' storylines so it quickly becomes repetitive. Many of the main story endings are bittersweet. I liked the Sequel and Date Scenarios the most as they were unique from each other.This game does not take long to play at all and due to the repetitiveness, I would not recommend buying this game unless it was deeply discounted."
,Recommended,447170,29739142,Posted: 6 February,all,Яocker♡Bαrbie,"Pros:-love choices are hot historical guys-be a Fuma's wife-make love to Date Masumune-the heroine isn't the typical trope, which is refreshing. She isn't dense, she speaks her mind and she's somewhat able to protect herselfCons:-almost all of the cgs are the same pictures with different facial expressions-only six save slots9/10"
,Recommended,447170,22377009,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mifititi,"Definitely recommended.The story has a supernatural twist to a historical setting, which in itself isn't anything new. I haven't come across a similar idea before, and that was what drew me to this game. The routes for each guy are different and the endings might surprise you.The art is beautiful. The only thing bothered me (just a little bit) was that Yukimura's hair seemed different in the CGs and in the game itself. Also, the MC is really pretty.I liked almost all characters. One character's route was just painful and humiliating in my opinion, but it definitely isn't so horrible that the game should be passed because of it.I'm not a native English speaker, but typos do bother me if I notice them. And I didn't notice that many... Maybe some things were worded... oddly, but it was still understandable.The biggest flaw this game had was that I couldn't get all the achievements, despite doing everything described on one. I don't know if anyone else had this problem, but it bugged me a lot.Despite the achievement problem, this game is good, interesting and pretty. I'd say it's worth the money. :)"
76561198044971519,Not Recommended,447170,22543895,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sayuri,"I don't really know how to feel about this game. I'm giving it a negative for some reasons, but it isn't a bad game or anything.The story: The protagonist is a princess, in a castle being attacked by demons. The princess, in an attempt to save herself, found a ""dagger"" that has a demon inside that can grant wishes. Using this dagger, she wishes something and because of her wish, five men are brought from other worlds and replace her brother, father, fiance, and some other people. The prologue ends and you get to choose who you wanna ""date"".Regarding the routes, there were two good routes (Kotaro and Masamune), one ""meh"" route (Yukimura) and two bad routes(Hanbei and, urk, Nobunaga). These two good routes kinda saved the game for me because it didn't have anything that freaked me out (like in Yoshiwara: Kikuya) and the character were very likeable, but the other three routes... oh man, they are the reasons for my negative review. Then again, this is just my opinion :pAnother thing about the routes that I didn't like is that what is happening is only revealed in Nobunaga's route, so I played all the other routes wondering ""what the hell is happening?"" when it would be much better discovering what's happening little by little while playing and not have to deal with that♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of information in Nobunaga's route.It's like they didn't felt the need to develop the story at all too because it felt so confusing and bad sometimes, all the ""sad"" moments were too forced for me to enjoy them and the romance in some routes were so bad that I wanted to puke*cof* *cof* Nobunaga *cof* *cof*The system was okay, the only thing that annoyed me was that there was no volume button, but considering that this is a mobile game port, I will let it slide~ The music are okay, but it has the same problem that Yoshiwara: Kikuya had, it has only four~five music. This game has less grammar and translation errors, which is nice.The art is pretty and the backgrounds were all beautiful, but some CGs were kinda derp to me and it could have been more CGs too, there's a Yukimura CG that occupies almost three pages and only has some minor changes... <_< And again, I don't think the full price is worth it. This game is nice and pretty, but the routes are short (some chapters can be read in less than fifteen minutes...), there isn't that much content, it's not voiced, the menus are a bit bad looking too and the story is kinda ♥♥♥♥ed upIf you don't believe me, go play Nobunaga's routeNot an awful Otome Game, but I wouldn't buy it if it wasn't on promo."
,Recommended,447170,22306939,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Buttfart Princesspants VIII,"So I've just finished one route and it's taken me 3 hours, as an avid manga/anime reader/watcher so assume what you will time wise.This is made by the team that brought you ""The Men of Yoshiwara"" but let me tell you, it is definitely not a simply re-skin of that game. The drawing is better, the facial features are brilliant, the writing is very polished in this game - and the text flows a lot easier than in Yoshiwara. I would sometimes trip over words playing Yoshiwara because they weren't correct, but this was great.I chose to romance Date Masamune, a man that takes after his feudal lord name, and I was not disappointed. Unlike Yoshiwara, I got a very ""Amnesia: memories"" feel from this game, and my relationship with the men felt a lot more genuine. I wasn't looking at guides to help me decide how to respond because I understood the characters and knew how to push their buttons this time around - I was given a load more time to fall in love with the characters. Albeit that there are only 8 chapters in this game whereas Yoshiwara had 13 as I recall.Furthermore there are two different happy endings, provided you get the happy endings, so I recommend you go back and play both, as they differ immensely. I like the music a lot more this time around, too. The yoshiwara one started to grate on me halfway through my first playthrough.I definitely recommend you walk into this game blind. The first time I played and I woke up in the castle, I was seriously confused alongside the Princess. Also, I get the steam store's language in the ""about this game"" is pretty naff, but if you're an otome fan, and if you like manga like tsuki no shippo, crazy girl shin bia or Goong, you'll like this. I thouroughly enjoyed it and I'm off to play the next man.Get it whilst it's on offer too. Sadly, I don't think it's quite worth £12 - If you have £12 I'd recommend stardew valley or something instead, but this is neat for £7.19"
76561198054259986,Recommended,447170,22341029,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sunnikka,"It's actually hard to say wether I recommend this game or not. For one, I bought this on sale for about 10€ and after few hours in I wouldn't buy it again. Then again this otome game has something that others lack; a decent story.Maybe it's easier to just put this into pros and cons:+ Good story for an otome game+ Well done graphics & character designs+ A happy ending isn't guaranteed- Way too expensive- Player gets very few actual choises that have any real effect -> eg. A choise between ""Ignore it"" and ""Pretend not to hear"". Really?- Player can only turn volume on or off, if you want it higher/lower you need to do it from Volume Mixer- Player needs to select the preferred guy before the game starts- Characters don't have any voice actors- Only very few actual scenes to seeSo, there.TL;DR: A good otome game with a decent story, but maybe not worth the money."
,Recommended,447170,24664706,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,classlessmarxist,"This is equally as much about War as it is about Love.I believe I just happened to get the saddest ending in the game in my first play through....I have played many otome from this developer, but this title is something else. The story is so engaging, and while there are a lot of comments about how over the top it is, well, you get the same amount of drama from anime or manga or even soap operas from across the seas. That is why I fully recommed this otome. You are presented with many options, many handsome husbando, and it is so satifsying with the many routes the story can take. I paid full price and I have no regrets.There are twists and turns and if you do follow the advice offered in game, there are some incredible amounts of surprise. I haven't even scratched the surface of this otome, and I am already so enraptured. I look forward to exploring the other routes offered and uncovering more of this story."
,Not Recommended,447170,23853946,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gucci Gundam,"I play a lot of visual novels and I always expect story rich quality and how your choices affect the outcome of the story. This wasn't horrible, but it's not amazing either.I don't like the choice system, where they only affect how much they like you and then at the end you literally choose 1/2 of the endings. No buildup, unless you want the epilogue that much.The art is fantastic and beautiful. Infinitely better than many visual novels I've played. Music is decent, but gets horribly repetitive.I found most routes to be mediocre. I only liked Masamune and Kotaro's routes. I surprisingly loved Nobunaga's story, but I wasn't crazy about him. I hoped for more out of Yukimura's route. His was decent.If I'm being honest, Hanbei's route may have been sad, but I hated his route and him. The overall story is good, but I didn't find it particularly unique or mind-blowing.5/10"
76561198076193616,Recommended,447170,30215005,Posted: 26 February,all,inaram,"I bought this on a whim on one of my questionable-purchase-decision-made-too-late-in-the-night night because '♥♥♥♥ it there's a deal'. I usually don't expect much from otome games anyways since most of them tends to be trashy romance softcore erotica, but hey, they can be pretty entertaining. But actually, this was not too bad.For once, the protagonist isn't a total dunce. She's still that kind of pure kind maiden trope Asian romance likes to stick to, but she also speak her mind and is not completely helpless (it's a low bar but kind of sad there are games out there that doesn't meet it, isn't it?). If other games have protagonist that are Cinnamon Buns, this one is more like a Pumkin Spice Latte.A few words for the routes...- Habei is pure anst. I don't mind angst, but some people might not like it.- Masamune is bae.- Kotaro is adorbs.- Yukimura is... eh he reminds me a bit of a dumb puppy- Nobunaga is... on boy. I think this is going to be a love it or hate it kind of thing. There are elements to this route that some will find going too disturbing. But, I do have to say, I liked that this is the only route where the protag truly comes into her own, and Nobunaga helps her realize her potential, which I appreciated. It's like, if she was Baby Spice before, she becomes Ginger Spice at the end. I felt that this route had the only endings where she took her destiny by the balls, which is pretty cool.Speaking of endings, there are 2 for each route, one of which can arguably be considered""worse"" than the other. But I do have to say, they did make some effort to stay true to history, so if you know the actual history surrounding these characters, you might have an idea what these ending might be. I felt that it was more bittersweet rather than the usual happily ever after Disney lala land.Also, the music is pretty on point. It's not like ""wow amazing"" but it definitely added to the experience where most other games it didn't matter to me if I turned off the BGM.On my scale of trashy romance stories, I would rate this: chainmail bikini wedgies"
,Recommended,447170,22658325,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Naruchin ☆,"I originally purchased Kotaro's, Masamune's and Hanbei's routes on the mobile version, but I didn't think twice when I saw this released on Steam and immediately purchased it.The art is extremely beautiful, although I'm sad there is no e-mote system. The music is okay. The writing and localization, for what originally was a mobile otome, are really good. The translation flows really well and is very modern ('okay', 'jeez') which is a good thing. Like all Forbidden Romance games, the writing can get a little steamy (bonus points). The interactions among the characters were well done and the hints to solve the bigger mystery spread throughout the various routes, although only in Nobunaga's we can see resolutions.Be warned, all the routes have two endings, one in which the guy stays in the Princess' world, one in which the Princess goes into the guy's world. Not all the characters have happy endings. Some are just doomed.As MC, the Princess isn't half bad. Really depends on the route and the ending. She could have been worse for an otoge MC. Also, she has eyes in the CGs, which is a HUGE bonus :)Now, let's talk about men :> and trigger warnings.My suggestions regarding route orders are as follow: Masamune = Yukimura > Kotaro = Hanbei > Nobunaga; the first two routes focus heavily on romance and less on plot, order can be switched up. The second two routes give more hints regarding the bigger picture, again order is up to preference. Nobunaga's route has all the answers and as the game tell you, is very spoiler heavy.- I really liked Masamune's route. He's a very cute guy and a genuine good person. He's also very respectful of the Princess' wishes, and his narrative is a take on the 'different social classes' trope. One of my favorites.- Yukimura's route dealt with 'incest'. Of course, Yukimura is not the real twin brother of the Princess, but he is convinced he is for 95% of the time and still rolls with it. Incest is not my thing so it made me slightly uncomfortable.- Kotaro's route was extremely refreshing because he appears so mischievous and carefree, but of course he's not, being a ninja and all. They had many sweet, sweet moments together. Should probably warn for one of his ending, in which he's 'so caught with passion that he has to satiate his lust RIGHT NOW', which personally makes me eyeroll every time. The other ending was cute tho.- Hanbei's route should have a big warnig for♥♥♥♥♥♥and abuse. Which kinda gets brushed off in the end by the Princess. Otoge MCs... nevertheless, I did enjoy his route.- Now, Nobunaga. Ooh boy. Where to start. The man is a pig and acts sleazy despite the fact that everybody around you sees him as your father. Also the writing seems to push you to like him. Uhm not really. I did enjoy the spoilers (some were pretty OMG WTF and made so much sense) and the endings were wicked good. But as I stated early, incest and play-pretend incest are squicky to me so I was uncomfortable playing his route. Also♥♥♥♥♥♥warning.In conclusion, it's a solid port of a good mobile otome. The price is amazing considering it has all the main scenarions, all the sequels and the date scenarios. Does it have flaws? Certainly. I still found it an enjoyable read. Recommended :)"
,Recommended,447170,28220928,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bakeneko,"TL;DR:Please read the Content section, if nothing else, before deciding whether this game is for you. I struggled a lot over whether or not to ""Recommend"" the game and ultimately decided to, purely because there were bits I enjoyed, considering the low price I paid for the game and my even lower expectations of the game. Oh - and PS? Most of the endings are not happy ones. Some are bittersweet and many are sad. If you prefer happy endings, this is not a game you should bother picking up.---Overall Impression:It has a lot of issues and I'm still not sure if I should recommend it considering my hesitation. I recommend seriously considering whether this game is for you.Content:First off, the obvious warning is, ""Warning: Pseudo-incest"". The heroine is not related to any of the love interests. It's heavily implied that the men were plucked whole (as in their entire bodies, plus their names) from another world and took up the roles of the people they replace. Some of the love interests even figure it out, since their memories were not entirely erased by those of the people they replaced. Unfortunately, the character whose memories were most strongly replaced is also your ""brother"". Even to the end of the story, he is convinced he's your brother and if you're as squicked out by that idea as I am, it becomes very uncomfortable. Worse, for me, was he's a character type I generally don't like on top of it. (Needy, sulky, rash characters who don't listen to ""no"".)Another warning is in one route, the heroine might have been sexually harmed (Steam censors the four letter word I mean - it starts with R). The heroine herself is not sure, so it's really down to how you interpreted that scene. I interpreted it as such, but either way the scene is pretty upsetting. For those worried - no, it is not one of the love interests who did it. There is at least one another route where the heroine is put into sexual situations of dubious consent with the love interest of that route. It was handled pretty cruelly, even if I did understand what was going on in his head. Also, I think every single hero says something along the lines of, ""I won't listen to 'no'.""/""I can't wait any longer."" - which comes off as off-puttingly aggressive a lot of the time and might upset those sensitive to it.There are a lot of other qualms I have, but the other two are the strongest warnings I can give.Translation/Editing:As is standard for this publisher's games, there are a lot of errors. Some of them made it difficult for me to fully understand what was going on, especially as for some of the errors, they were missing the ends of one sentence and the beginnings of another, and it's hard to say how much text ended up missing between.Art/Character Design:Honestly, while there are a few standout exceptions, the art is not particularly strong overall. A lot of the CGs are close-ups of the hero and heroine gazing at each other in 3+ variations of whose eyes are open or closed. The character design is similarly average.The Heroine:One of the best mobile otome heroines I've encountered so far. For the most part, she has a strong, intelligent presence in the game and is somewhat proactive in getting what she wants. In some routes, she's outright badass. Unfortunately, it feels like some of her character development was rushed or her personality shoehorned in to fit the length of the route and sometimes loses her ""self"" in order to get into trouble the hero can save her from or to submit to his desires in the presumably limited word count. If she'd had more room to stretch, she could have been amazing.The Love Interests:Aside from the ""brother"", I found the rest pretty interesting. Like the heroine, they were better than I expected. Probably, this is because these characters were based on Japanese historical figures. I wish I had more than the barest knowledge of these figures, because I feel like I would have got more out of the story knowing more about them. I spent half the game wondering what the Japanese audience the stories were written for were expected to feel when something happened and how much of some of the almost nonsensical things that happen were in reference to historical or popular perception of the figure. I do know that something was changed between this version of the game and the version of the prologue I played on mobile awhile ago. I distinctly remember the blond ""ninja"" character being aggressive and impertinent, flirting with the princess in front of everyone. In this version, it seems to have been reworked. If so, it was probably for the best, since I ended up liking him quite a lot in the version I ended up playing. Weirdly, my favorite character (which I didn't expect), was probably Nobunaga (the ""father""). It's not really a spoiler to say that he's the character least affected by the memory replacements, so even his really creepy introduction scenes in his route were not nearly as creepy as they would have been if his memories had been overtaken by the heroine's real father's memories.Story:I mean, this isn't the otome story that everyone should read or anything. It's a fairly standard story, told pretty well. I think I appreciated it because the story it told was surprisingly strong and held up even though a somewhat lackluster translation. It's one of the few mobile otome that doesn't put you/the heroine in an awkward situation where she picks someone directly. You get a prologue where you meet everyone, but in a fairly natural way that makes sense and doesn't have characters express character traits in an unnatural way. (None of this, ""Hi, I'm TOMO. People like me because I'm so GENKI. I hope we get along! This is KEN and he's so STOIC and COLD. Must be because he's a MEGANE, ne?"") From there, the player chooses which route the story goes in and you're off. The story is clearly mapped out properly, as events happen in each route in more or less the same manner, changing slightly based on the route's story. This is also one of the problems I have with it, since there are a few mini-scenes that are recycled in each route and can't be skipped over, even though you've read the same text in every other route. It's a bit irritating, but you at least recognize them when they arrive.As is standard with this type of game, your choices only matter in the sense of ""how many points you earn"" and not in ""this will actually ever effect what happens in any meaningful way"". It did annoy me when you would select something and the heroine would start to respond accordingly and then changed her mind and went with the other answer instead. I know that it's because of the way these mobile games are built where the story is actually completely linear and you earn points for the ""best"" answer that will effect which scene you get in the ending, but it's particularly infuriating in some of these situations.In closing...Look - there are a LOT of reasons why you might not like the story. If anything I've said put you off, PLEASE don't pick it up - just assume it's a bit worse than I'm making it sound. But if what I'm saying sounds up your alley or might be something you're curious about experiencing, it's probably worth a couple of bucks and a couple of hours. Except the ""brother's"" route, which is complete garbage. (IMHO; YMMV; etc)"
,Recommended,447170,22475875,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Octobig,"InDestiny's Princess: A War Story, A Love Story, you are the princess of a country in a world based on ours during the Warring States period of Japan (1467-1603). Overrun by demons, the country is slowly falling into ruin -- but your family has an age-old heirloom that is known to grant wishes only in the most difficult of situations. Desperate for help, you call to the heirloom for aid, which puts five heroes at your beck and call... But every wish has its price. Will you be able to save your country and will the hero you love stay by your side?Brought to you by the same studio that was responsible forThe Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuya, this game is a definite improvement compared to that one in many ways, and certainly not just a copy. Almost no grammar/editing/translation errors anymore, a better soundtrack, higher quality images, and a full-screen option that is actually viable -- though it does have slightly less content thanKikuya.Pros+ Interesting underlying story about the demons & the heirloom+ Character personalities are fairly consistent but a bit boring+ Pretty art and nice character designs+ Almost impossible not to get together with the man of your choice+ Short sequel stories & date scenarios to play after unlocking the main ending(s)Cons- Your choices do not seem to affect the story much- Creepy sexual behaviour from groping to forcing the heroine into doing sexual stuff, though this is not present in all romance routes- Endings with low likeability don't really differ from the ones with high likeability- There are a couple of incestual angles to the story- No voice-actingAll-in-all, this game doesn't shy away from tragic endings and drama, and I thought it was nice how differently the heroine develops throughout the different romance routes. And a tragic ending with a lot of death doesn't necessarily mean it's all over... illustrated very nicely by ending B with Nobunaga (save him for last!) which is probably my favourite one. I wouldn't necessarily buy it at full price, though, since there are romantic visual novels/otome games with a better story and better characters (such asNameless), but you can definitely get some enjoyment out of this one, too!"
76561198027550928,Recommended,447170,22296090,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,CourierVI,"Great collection of stories. I loved the characters (though two of those story lines got... oh my GOD dark!!!) and I liked that not all of them had the typical ""happy ending"".  It's nice to see a game not be afraid to tell the story they want to tell, even if it doesn't finish in a big bow.I liked the touches about the characters that came from their real-life counterparts (like Masamune and Yukimura having times they feel they shouldn't get along).The music is nice, the art is lovely. Some situations get a liiiiiiiittle uncomfortable, but overall they're fantastic (and the uncomfortable parts aren't anything that would ruin it).I wish there had been mor to the ""sequels"" but, meh, for what it is, it works.Downside: Like with ANY otome, I am left with wanting more and wishing there was a sequel!and I guess the sequels and the date scenarios are kind of weak, but the main story more than makes up for it.(also... Nobunaga, what have they DONE to you?!)Grab it while it's on sale!! If you like feudal japan, old war heros, and otomes, this is a great game."
76561198207087939,Recommended,447170,24663143,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sadxlies,"Very much enjoyed each character's  storyline, and the two different endings. Some had sadder endings and others had happier, but gets you right in the feels."
,Not Recommended,447170,27632892,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fen'Harel: The Dread Wolf,"After 2 hours of gameplay I had to demand a refund on this game. The amount of cringe in the character's personalities is damn too high!Now dont get me wrong, I am a HUGE fan of Japanese warlords and warriors like Masamune Date, Nobunaga Oda, Yukimura and so on, and that is exactly the problem!Maybe when I started this game I expected some realistic touch in their personality that made me look forward to it, instead that was not the case at all.The incest did not settle well with me, that was just ♥♥♥♥ing mental!Don't even get me started on the dialogue...Conclusion: 2Edgy4Me"
,Recommended,447170,22333259,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sky Kitty,"Rating- 4/5Very deep, and intriguing story lines for each character. Art's pretty good too, but I feel like the visual novel as a whole is lacking scenery, in comparison to Blood Code. I have no other to compare at this point in time. Also, voice's would have been a nice touch, but I guess a good VN can't have everything."
76561198069159152,Recommended,447170,30484451,Posted: 12 March,all,wrb41977,"Bought this game on a whim. Mostly to see the type of products the published put out, plus samurai! That said, it seems like a good game in its way. There are five love interests, that you can choose after the prologue finishes. Then, through a series of choices, you can try to win your intended, and unlock one of two epilogue chapters (dependant on a choice in Chapter 8, that the background makes sure you know this is IMPORTANT. While some of the paths are okay, there are a few that are great in their way. Hanbei's, in particular is a feels-rocket. In the other paths, I had wondered if he had gotten the illness the protagonist's fiance had died from. So when I started his path, I decided to look the guy up... Well, he apparently died of illness in the real world, too.Some of the endings are a lot more hopeful and uplifting. Though at least a couple seem to end with the protagonist's death, too. (Not sure about one of Sanada's, and one of Nobunga's... well, he would try to conquer his own slice of the underworld, wouldn't he?)I guess I can recommend this as a trial game. But then, I did acquire it for about 75% off."
76561198051253452,Not Recommended,447170,27355614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eliosia,"So, here's a game where your father, brother, and friends are all replaced by models who want to have sex with you. Imagine romancing your dad who then proceeds to sexually assault you until you fall in love with him. Seriously, at one point he tackles you to the ground, shoves his hand up your kimono, and fondles you in order to get your dagger. The maid comes in, and the protagonist says verbatim: ""I looked like I'd been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" NO♥♥♥♥♥♥ Awful game.I got it for 5 bucks and want my money back. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. Why it has so many good reviews I can't understand."
,Not Recommended,447170,22376980,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Sadie_Jerome,"Yes, the story is a very interesting concept and the art is quite pretty to look at. However, there was one glaring issue that I couldn't get over. Why so much sexual assault? Sure, they try to make it fit within the context, but it was incredibly frustrating for me because the character you're playing is so useless. While they don't go into graphic detail, they definitely go further than needed. If ever there's something I as a woman really don't want to roleplay, it's being sexually assaulted. I can't recommend this game for this theme that's in multiple storylines. We deserve better."
,Recommended,447170,28231567,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PrincessInterrupted,A great experience if you are looking for a typical dating sime game!
,Recommended,447170,27879062,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Caenis Snow,"Okay firstly this game is NOT about incest.  Lordy.  You are told at the very beginning what's happening.  None of these men are in any way related to the player character.  They are all forced into playing these parts, but ***SPOILERS*** they already suspect who they really are.  I am stunned by the thing.  I absolutely love it.  I am new to playing otomes but of the four or five i've played now, the story in this one is the best so far.  I'm an older woman, and I do really wish they'd make the way the men look match their persona, rather than all looking so female (which frankly I seriously find unappealing) but this is true in all of these so far.  (Except Pub Enounters, though the story in that one is pretty eh...)  Forget the incest thing.  It's not true.  Get it for the story, which is really good and well done for a game like this."
,Recommended,447170,33430086,Posted: 10 July,all,Мизантроп,"Just finished it and still under a great impression... That was so cool! I've made so many screenshots, I really enjoyed all guys' routes, especially Kotaro (he is so cute) and Nobunaga, his demonic ending was soooo great!!!! I loved that story a lot! At the same time there were momemts I felt so sad I wanted to cry, sometimes I laughed (her cooking, for example). In general I experienced so different and strong emotions. Thanks a lot for it!!!P.S. My usual complaint - Do smth with your full screen mode("
,Recommended,447170,30965101,Posted: 5 April,all,Ishimoto,"I think that Kotaro's and Nobunaga's route were really amazing, the other ones were good too, but these two were my favorites."
76561198313959987,Not Recommended,447170,24067533,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HoaLilac,"Awkward storyline with poor character development, mediocre quality overall."
76561198281989079,Recommended,447170,22310228,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,You2mine,Funny and nice game. beautiful artwork as well
76561198088334665,Not Recommended,447170,25319316,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,memerick,"**Warning: some possible spoilers!**Well...... okay, so here it is, in one clear, but disturbing word: incest.I don't get it. I don't understand why there has to be incest. I find it creepy and gross in fact. In this game, while it's only implicit, I can't shake off the heebie jeebies and creepy crawlies if you know what I mean. And somehow, I just don't think that this implicit incest iis actually necessary to the plotline. Really, I think it could jave been written more successfully without it. Imagine instead of all the characters being related in some manner by memory, that these ""warriors"" are rather just non-familial characters (i.e. best friend, family friend, the new lord of the mansion, a guard, a member of the mansion staff, etc.) Seriously though, the list could go on and on. Yet, they choose characters impressed with the memory of family members, like the female protagonist's father and brother. EW! How can you have sex with your FATHER!? Especially if he REMEMBERS being your father? NO. NO. NO. On top of that, it's implied that ALL her family members were kind of in love with her in a not-so-familial way if you catch my drift. Honestly, that's just wrong. The game's just wrong.Don't waste your time. Don't waste your money. However, don't give up on Dogenzeka Lab! They have another game (and even more that I haven't played) called ""The Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuyu"" (and while it has some maybe not so innocent themes, it's nowhere near the level of wrongness that is this game)."
76561198291878099,Recommended,447170,22312242,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Anime0Lover,"I don't regret picking Masamune's route over Yukimura's route to play first. Now that I know more about his character I simply fell in love with him. I also liked the main character's personality during his route. As for Yukimura... his route felt a bit uncomfortable at times.I enjoyed how each character has a distinct way of acting in each route. If you play the other routes, the dialogue isn't repetitive where you have to push the skip button to fast forward already seen dialogue (only if you choose to when you replay for their other ending). So I recommend this game, to those who like romance, otome, and historical Japanese setting. With the 40% off, it's a reasonable price~Predictions for other characters:Kotaro - Based on the routes, he seems like a good friend to have so I'm curious to see how he acts when the main character dates him.Hanbei - I feel terrible for not choosing his route sooner. I'll be playing his route next even though I might cry.Nobunaga - I hope it's not as awkward as Yukimura's route even though you know he's not really the main character's father. However, I find his character very amusing~"
,Recommended,447170,23610581,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,HimeSama,omg this game made me cried for a moment Y Y good job lol
76561198156195416,Recommended,447170,22305256,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,gloomtoast,"Okay, so I have only completed one route in it's entirety at this point, however I feel like I have enough information to make an informed decision about this game. I would absolutely recommend this to any otome fan- if you don't like otome games it probably won't be your cup of tea (which begs the question of why you are here in the first place, but I digress...)However- buy this while it is on sale! It is a great value at the $10 price point, less so at the full price.Pros:Fantastic art!The writing is suprisingly good- as of yet I have only encountered very minor mistakes- and the translation isn't perfect, but it's definitely a lot better that some of the other games I have encountered.The plot is surprisingly engaging.There seems to be a fair amount of content for the price (if you got it at the sale price I would say it's even better!)Cons:This game is pretty bare bones. There is no opening movie, no voices, and the music in my opinion is somewhat generic.This game is released by the same folks that did Men of Yoshiwara- if you played that and liked it then you will most likely enjoy this too. I think that the price point is an improvement over Men of Yoshiwara (although Destiny's Princess does not have the opening movie and Men of Yoshiwara did. Still, I think the difference in price makes up for that to a fair extent) It looks like there are more games by this company slated for release later this month as well, so I will be keeping an eye out for those games too!"
76561198100886036,Recommended,447170,30343829,Posted: 5 March,all,Empty Box of Care,"Nobunga's route is the best route for anyone with a daddy kink ;)Nevertheless I enjoyed the A route ending; it was very insightful.Few grammatical errors, and a well thought out plot."
,Not Recommended,447170,24167462,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,diginyxx,Bit of a weird one to play. Some dubiousness regarding the relationships between the characters that didn't feel to comfortable to play. Stunning artwork though.
76561198036835055,Recommended,447170,24038158,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ary,"1) Die2) get your Family replaced by handsome men3) tell them you're not blood related and marry one of them4) ProfitIf thats not wierd to you, then your up for this one!....no but seriously, the story is good, characters feel natural.Good game, good job."
,Recommended,447170,28851775,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kyoli,"I love the twists. I love the characters, and seriously this games makes we want to cry! It's amazing and the endings are not you typical otome endings. (which is part of what I love about it)"
76561198197896761,Recommended,447170,28797573,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,trueangelcool,"I had fun playing his VN.The BG, art, and music I like a lot. I just wish that there where more tracks as I felt there is not enough tracks in this VN. Also there are some translation errors here and there. Thankfully the translation errors are not too terrible.In terms of characters I didn't like Hanabei. U will know why when u play his route.Ok I'm going to try to remember as best as I can. This is because some time passed before I played this VN again so my memory will be fuzzy.Despite some time passing I have not forgotten that Hanabei's route is ughhhhh. I don't care about aboute Hanabei at all.The ninja who's name I think is Kotaro I think his route was good. Yeah this route was one of the ones I played a months back. So my memory is fuzzy with this route, But I can tell you that at I least remember his route was good.Yukimura is also the route that time has passed. But I did complete complete his chapter 8 parts last month so I kind of remember his route. I believe his route was ok.Masamune's route I finished very recently and I can say his route was good. Maybe a bit boring but again still a good route.Nobunaga's route I finished yesterday as I'm writing this. I really enjoyed play Nobunaga's route a lot. There was one point in hos route that got weird which I will talk about below. Also  the game tells u that u should play Nobunaga's route last to avoid spoilers. So make sure to play Nobunaga's route last.Now to some other things I should write down. Some people have stated that there is incest in this VN. I disagree because in this VN u will find out that ur brother and father are not who they really are. Due to this fact that is why this doesn't bother me because the game in every route will tell u this fact. I won't say more to avoid more spoilers.The only thing that really creeped the ♥♥♥♥ out of me was there was this part in Nobunaga's route that creeped me out. When u find out exactly what happened than u will feel even more creeped out>-<If I remember correctly there should be two routes that are sad/depressing. The good thing is thankfully one of sad/depressing routes had one of the coolest endings that made say this is ♥♥♥♥ing cool:) This ending was needed since the other ending was sad. This VN has two different endings.There was someone here on the reviews that mention the lack of smut scenes. I agree because a VN u would expect to see more smut scenes.As some people have mentioned I really wish there were more CG. Most of the CG consist of eyes changing or mouths changing too. This is a huge problem in Yukimura's route. Despite Yukimur'a route having the biggest CG in the VN most of the CG are almost dupicates:( This makes me sad because we could of gotten much more or different CG than almost duplicate ones.U also have the date scenario/sequal u unlock in the end when u finish a specific route. These are short but I enjoyed playing them.All in all despite this VN having problems here and there I recommend to play this VN. Again I had fun playing Destiny's Princess: A War Story, A Love Story."
76561198334653701,Recommended,447170,32008215,Posted: 27 May,all,floriam,"I'm really enjoying this game, the characters are all interesting and the artwork is beautiful!"
,Recommended,447170,31542898,Posted: 4 May,all,Schervonne,This is the first time I am shocked by the ending. Enough said.The arts are amazings.Each characters are unique.Each route have side/short stories.lowkey smut ;-)I would recommend this game for otome game enthusiast.
76561198373802953,Recommended,447170,33042879,Posted: 30 June,all,Misaki,"WOW AS IN WOW! I am usually very talkative in my reviews but now I am speechless! This is a masterpiece!! I won't say anything anymore other than "" don't ever think twice on buying this, its definitely worth it! "" I bought this for a very cheap price cause of summer sale so I considered myself very lucky to have read and played visual novel such as this."
,Recommended,447170,33958252,Posted: 1 August,all,★ Cynquilla ★,"After playing the game through the first time, I love how each character is different and you just want to have the best outcome from them. Their words and actions towards the protaganist are of their own and I'm amazed at how much time and effort was put into my first Otome. No regrets!"
,Recommended,447170,34193732,Posted: 12 August,all,Arisa,"This is definitely a game to get only when it's heavily discounted. The story was below average at best, but I did like how they had some bad/sad endings rather than happy/normal ones. Nobunaga's definitely my favourite route of all."
,Recommended,447170,34615919,Posted: 30 August,all,Sprout,"Interesting and fun visual novel, have yet to finish, but from what I've experienced, it is quite fun.The characters are interesting, the plot is interesting.10/10 if you're looking for a romance, action, supernatural type of visual novel."
,Not Recommended,447170,34351260,Posted: 19 August,all,Quinloki,"I had it on my desktop for 9 minutes and just couldn't get past the writing. Plus, in that short time I think you were literally related to everyone. Maybe it was a bad first impression, but I uninstalled it. >.<"
,Not Recommended,447170,34920477,Posted: 13 September,all,~Lil RubyRose~,"Ok first and foremost, incest is not something i enjoy but can sometimes overlook it depending on how a story is crafted. The main character - yourself - plays this part well out of necessity but with how much its written in text it adds a dampener to the overall feel of the VN - emphasis on ""genetic relations"" is just used way too much. It does have an interesting storyline but the choices and interaction are limited. That said, there is length to the story if read all the way through with 5 character paths to choose from. BGM is pleasant and the text skip option by holding 'space' is handy for already explored scenes.Overall however its a bit hard to recommend it based on over played wordplay and sleep inducing storyline, granted with the ocassional deep and meaningful text, it sadly doesnt outweigh the latter. For heroes of the warring states era, i expected something a little more.May change this review at a later date once i do my achievements run."
