user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,447180,24146316,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chudah,"I'm having a REALLY hard time with Dogenzaka's games. It's becoming blatantly apparent to me that the stories are little more than low grade smut wrapped in a pretty package, and it's not even well written smut at that. I understand there's an audience for this stuff, but I don't think I'm part of it. Moving on..."
76561198303910637,Not Recommended,447180,22999408,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tianmi,"Right when I saw this game it seemed like a rip off of Dandelion.Since it was 40% off I thought why not? It might actually be okay and if not at least good for a laugh. Even if My Secret Pets turned out to be rip off of Dandelion I at least thought it would be cute, but the only thing that is cute about it is the artwork. I love the use of color and the character designs are pretty good. Sadly those are really the only pros I can point out about this game. I wasn't expecting much in terms of the character and story development and this game fell short of my already low expectations of it.The character and story development are pretty bad. The plot could have been worked with as it was okay, but whoever wrote this script seemed to be struggling to stay out the gutter. At points I felt they were doing a good job just to ruin it by interjecting poorly written smut. I really felt like I was reading a bad fanfiction. There are obvious spelling and grammatical errors that should have caught in editing. There aren't too many errors, but the story is so thin they really stand out. Whatever potential there was for this story to be a very good one the writer shattered it into a million pieces with unnecessary smut. I'm just thanking God my poor eyes were spared smutty illustrations to compliment smutty writing especially since the ""love"" scenes were basically borderline♥♥♥♥♥♥scenes. Having read two routes plus their corresponding bonus chapters I have no faith the remaining routes will be any different. I'll probably check out the remaining ones later out of curiosity and sheer boredom but that won't be for a long while if ever.I found out after purchasing this game that its original title was ""Animal Boys In Heat"". Enough said.If you want a poorly written visual novel game peppered with smut have at it. But, if you prefer a visual novel game with solid story and character development that gives you a more interactive experience than a selection between response a, b, or c, nor subjects you to borderline♥♥♥♥♥♥scenes then save your money and buy Dandelion instead."
,Not Recommended,447180,22972337,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,1U©iF#r,"It feels like this game made by guys who never saw a girl or a woman, but heard of stereotypes.MC likes shopping, sweets, diets and crying for no reason.And Lize is everywhere, even somewhere where he is not:http://i.imgur.com/0cTA1Mk.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/0GdRzpV.jpgTHIS IS LUFNA'S ROUTE, NOT LIZE'S.And this game even dares to tell you lies:http://i.imgur.com/wSofCFw.jpg"
,Not Recommended,447180,25647482,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"This was so-so. You had zero time being with them as animals.. So there was no real bond established. Then BOOM they're being possessive, fighting over you and touching out of nowhere. Its just so forced and a bad clone of another game. The music was awful, muted it right away. Just found it really hard to stay focused, speaking of focused..The backgrounds are super blurry, I realize it came from mobile. But for the price they're asking for, Tch. I was looking so forward to this one. Between all of that the guys are good looking and theres slight humor. 3/10."
,Not Recommended,447180,25898085,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mifititi,"Not recommended.The mystery aspect was the only interesting thing about this whole game. I think it could have been even more interesting without the romance itself, which says a lot. I can't understand how the MC could forget her boyfriend utterly in a week and fall in love with someone else. It's not realistic and I would have preferred a more realistic view on that. Besides the bit of mystery at the last two to three chapters at the end, the routes' plots were unremarkable. There were some hilarious parts, but if I laugh during riskier or romantic scenes... Well, I don't think that's the point.The art was okay. It could've been better, it could've been worse. I liked the amount of colors the game had, especially in the clothes. Backgrounds were... normal. I don't really look at backgrounds unless they are really horrible or fuzzy.Some of the characters I liked and some... I didn't. One character was utterly unbearable and I didn't find anything attractive about him. Platonically, I could have liked most of the characters. Romantically... not so much. But the set of characters in general isn't as bad as I expected.I have to mention about the gameplay. I mean, if we romance a character, we should choose whattheylike/need to hear. I understand if we shouldn't favor one character too much (because of the plot), but it still bugged me. Most of the options don't give us affection, no matter what we choose. It felt like a waste.Typos? Well... If there were some, I don't remember them.So, save your money. The game was funny at some points, but the romance didn't feel the least real. Okay, I liked one route, but only 1 out of 5 stood out. A little bit of underdeveloped mystery and a few humorous moments isn't worth the price, sale or not."
,Not Recommended,447180,28288050,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Bakeneko,"TL;DR:Though it has some moments that are nice, most of the routes are poorly written and boring. The writer(s) didn't even bother to make sure the story made sense within itself and I found that very disrespectful to my time and money.---Overall Impression:I had to force myself to get through it. There were moments within the story that were nice (mostly in the cat and bird's routes), but I mark that down to being handled by different writers from the other routes. By the time I got to those routes, I was already fed up with the game.Content:The game has fairly short sex scenes, but the language used in them can at times be overt enough some people won't like it.In all routes, the love interests are ""very assertive"" when they've decided to go ahead and push for sex. In one route (the pig's), I personally find it to be only a hair shy of sexual assault. She didn't resist, but she was scared and saddened by him forcing himself on her. Even if she forgave him, it rather upset me.For those that are sensitive to attempted suicide, the bunny's route includes it and you'll at least want to prepare yourself for it. The way it was handled was quite casual and that may either make it easier to handle or more upsetting, depending on your feelings.If you are sensitive to body image issues, particularly regarding weight, you'll probably want to avoid reading any of the ""Special Scenario"" bonus scenes. They all deal with the college's physical and the heroine having gained a few pounds she wants to lose in a week. The love interests are mainly very supportive of her goal, but the heroine is extremely upset about it.Translation/Editing:There are a few typos, but this is the best translation and editing I've ever seen from this publisher. I'm pretty impressed, actually. The words flow very naturally and I don't remember much of anything by way of odd or stilted lines.Art/Character Design:I personally didn't care for the art style, but it was quite serviceable overall. There were some nicer CGs, but not many of them and most of them were ""affectionate heads"", which is fairly boring. Some of them were actually so rushed I saw the background poking through the hero's face, which was really disappointing to see.The Heroine:The default name for the character was ""Jane Smith"", so I went with that. As a result, I called her ""Dumb Cardboard Jane"" and saw no reason to change my assessment of her. She's extremely flat. When she's not flat, she's childish - and not even in the way that suggests ""spoiled brat"" because that implies there's any personality behind it. In many routes, she never once asked either the pet-boys or herself, ""How"" the pets became humans - she simply accepted that they'd chosen to do so because they loved her and conveniently ignored the part where they wanted to be her lover.The Love Interests:For the most part, they're as flat as Dumb Cardboard Jane. In some routes, they would straight up remind Dumb Cardboard Jane of which tropes they filled. Like DCJ, they also were horribly immature. The bird was the most mature one of the group and possibly the only one in the entire game who had something like a brain. The cat was the next-most mature one. They were the only two routes that I enjoyed more than a brief scene or two in.Story:Let me not beat around the bush here - the writing is, overall, complete junk.Some routes (the bird and cat's) were probably written by a better writer than the rest. Others were like reading very bad fanfiction written by a tween working on their first story.The characters were flat. The stories cut out all thoughts of development and skipped around like someone took an outline of the events in the story and thought that was literally all you had to write. And the concept of ""time"" didn't seem to exist in most storylines. For example - the heroine is eating lunch with the bunny the day after everyone changed into guys and she commented on how, ""as always"", his food was delicious. She didn't eat any food in the story by that point, which implies that when Lize was a bunny, he was cooking for everyone. This isn't the only time where there was an obvious, ""Wait a second - that's not even possible."", it's just the one I'd ranted about to multiple people about, so it's the easiest one to reference. On a similar line, the pets all talk to each other as if they have always been human, there is a time limit of a week to win over Dumb Cardboard Jane's heart, and other than childish squabbling when Jane so much as looks at them for a second longer than anyone else, no one seems to make any particular pains to spend time with her unless it's their route, and the precious week they have seems to have entire days where literally nothing of interest happens, which is surprising considering the deadline. Even Dumb Cardboard Jane doesn't understand time. She wonders why she can't forget about her ex-boyfriend literally hours after she was ""dumped"". Only the bird seems to understand that it is perfectly natural to still be thinking about someone you spent six months happily in love with.I can't even say, ""Well, it's a trainwreck and has its moments!"" - It's not worth the amount of money the game costs for the good moments and the writing isn't even entertaining enough to be fun to read in spite of being bad. Even though I'd normally give the cat and bird's routes a solid C rating, the rest of the game is so insultingly bad I feel like they just hired someone's tween niece to write some of the routes and didn't dare touch them beyond correcting the grammar.In closing...Not worth your time. I already bought it, but I wouldn't have if I'd known what a waste of my time it was."
,Not Recommended,447180,23232334,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Nurie,"I really regret getting this game. This is the first game I've reviewed on Steam that I feel that I should voice out my opinion to help others from getting this game. I got it on sale but even then, I feel like it's not even worth $10. I was willing to overlook the art as it isn't as good as the other otome games I've played, provided that the story made up for it. But even the pacing and the story itself was terrible - especially in Lize's route.Unfortunately, the first route I played was Reito's (the ex bf) and I didn't know it was a route I should have played last. I was too used to the other Dogenzaka games where I could just start with any character I wanted and if something had to be played last, they actually write a warning next to the description of the route. This time, they didn't and I was pretty annoyed at that point since I just pretty much spoiled the entire game right from the beginning.I just find it funny that I've read so many reviews about other games that apparently the romance was forced and it happened way too fast... I think this game pretty much beat that record. The MC pretty much falls in love with the guy in 4-5 days just after she got dumped by the ""love of her life"". -_-' Apparently they only had 1 week to make the MC fall in love with them... so I GUESS 4-5 days was enough! (/sarcasm) It was so forced and utterly ridiculous. :-/ I am really disappointed and I am not sure if I will even play any more routes other than these 2. It was really hard to keep playing it without wanting to smash something, lol."
76561198056369848,Recommended,447180,22926335,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mille Bell,"After playing through all the routes and stuff, here are my 2 cents: I do recommend getting this game IF on sale. If not on sale, i would say maybe it is worth it if you really are desperate looking for a little sweet romance story, full of prince charmings and beautiful ccgs. If not so desperate, then just wait for the next sale.Pros:- the artwork is really really nice (both character designs and backgrounds), also has a bit of animation here and there- the bishies (all of them are hot and their personalities are actually quite well shaped, despite the story being rather short)- the skin (most of the routes have a bit of fan service, with a hint of smutiness in them. It is neither too much nor too little, and it adds up quite nicely to the story of each character)- the overwhelming pink flowerish romance feeling (for me it was a breath of fresh air after all the angst, tragedy, unfulfilled wishes the otomes i lately played were filled with. Seriously, sometimes you just want to pay for something that doesn`t resemble real life, and this game provides exactly that, a little nice piece of a fairy tale)- the extra stories (epilogue and side story) are a nice addition, bringing you closure for each characterCons:- no ""auto"" button, which means you need to endlessly click through all the ""...."" and the ""umm"" replies- the music is not so great and it quickly gets repetitive and annoying- no voicing (yes i`m spoiled, i know)- the story is very short. too short in fact- after you complete all the routes, you notice that at some point the whole story doesn`t add up anymore- this can also be a plus, depending on personal preference: there is no truly bad ending (you know, the everyone-dies-end-of-the-world-broken-heart-forever type of ending)Overall probably 8/10."
,Recommended,447180,32751608,Posted: 24 June,all,Grima The Fell Dragon,"Let's be honest here; this is a port of a game I played a little bit of on the phone. So naturally its meant to be something you can play on the phone to go. I prefer it on Steam though because you don't have to wait to play the next chapter, or pay.Also, it is explained in the story why the pets are trying to hurry up the relationship, and get you to say I love you.The pets have only one week within the contract that made them human to win you over, or they will die. Kind of like the original Little Mermaid story.It does play into the story's mystery well that the routes are short. Because if your story relies on the others to be completed to get the full story; its best not to make it a slog to go through."
,Recommended,447180,32781175,Posted: 25 June,all,Four Score,"I have to say, I just got this game and I really enjoy it so far. I almost didn't get it because of the reviews, but I decided to buy it while it's on sale (about $3) & I'm really glad i did!Most of the negative reviews complain about how the writing is unrealistic, or the main character is unrelatable - and to those people I have to ask - have you actually played these types of games before??The game is about your pets turning into men. The expectations of this game should not be realism!I like this game because unlike other games where you have to play forever and the characters may still end up not even liking you, you can play for a short bit and you already get cutesy, silly, grade A smut! Most of these scenes make me giggle (either because of overly dramatic music or silly writing), but this is part of what makes it enjoyable.Take it for what it is: a silly fantasy harem.10/10 will keep playing."
,Recommended,447180,22918408,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Naruchin ☆,"Another  port from mobile, this time with pets turning into humans!Disregard my little play time, as I had already purchased and read Assam's, Ramin's and Lufna's routes.In this otome the overarching narrative can only be understood if all the routes are played, as each gives a clue towards the final mystery, with Reito's route being the most spoilery of them all. Don't expect the supernatural element to be explored much, as the focus is in the romance. The narrative, while decently cute and with some steamy scenes sprinkled here and there, feels a bit superficial, maybe because the whole story takes only a week to develop. The chapters are also shorter. It's a light, sweet read. The MC is bearable for otome standards, but not the best out there. At least she has friends, and Yosuke and Sachi are a decent support cast. Also, for once it's not a high-school MC, she already goes to university. Yay for something catered to us grannies, although the general level of maturity of the characters is far below what the setting would suggest.I really liked the artstyle, there is a good amount of CGs and the MC has eyes in all of them, which is always a plus considering the mobile origins of this game (but the guys have no nips :<).The music is okay, few tracks that fit a variety of moods. The very first is probably my favorite.Since sequels and special scenarios are included as well, it's well worth the price if you're looking for a light read with slice of life/romance as focus and some supernatural. But exactly because the narrative is so superficial, it can be a hit or miss, so I'd suggest to try out the Android/iOS version first (prologue and first chapter of each characters are free)."
76561198046956583,Not Recommended,447180,28821006,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nurbles,"Kay so, I've played a few of their other games that I actually like, so I'm cool with Dogenzaka, just not this game.TL;DR: Awesome artwork, awful game. Curious about the game anyways? Get it while it's like.. 85% off. I did, and I still don't think that it is worth it though... Definitely do not pay $15.99 for this. And not only because I didn't like the content, but also because it took me less than an hour an a half to get through one route.The artwork is definitely beautiful to look at. <3 However, that's literally the only thing that is good about this game. This game is so difficult to get through. I'm literally dreading having to force myself to finish this because I'm a completionist.. ugh... so the rest of this review is about why I don't like this game.Anyways, I've played through two routes already. I played through the route ""you're supposed to play last""aka Reito's routefirst because I wanted to know the entire story behind everything. That route was tolerable, but I'm pretty sure that's just because all of the information was new to me,and because he's your ex-boyfriend which means you already have a history with him so the timing of the game doesn't feel as awkward.Each route is told over the span of one week... which is not a lot of time to build a relationship, even if they have been your pets forever... so it feels super rushed and kind of weird. Also, I think someone mentioned this in another review.. but there is definitely some very poorly written smut going on all up in this thing. X _x;; Don't get me wrong, I'm totally into smut <3, just not this smut...Each route is also incredibly short, like it took me less than an hour and a half to get completely finish entire route (both endings and the two extra scenarios), so you can only imagine the lack of depth. I tend to get emotionally attached to characters in these otome games because I'm lame... and this one. No heart strings were pulled, not one."
,Not Recommended,447180,25058299,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Teahime,Oh man... I wanted to like this game. I really really did but not even 1 hour in and I am already seriously annoyed and a bit icked by the main female lead. I just cannot relate to her at all and the more the story went on the less I cared. If you like hopeless romance games where the main lead character is a love starving crying mess who is also a bit selfish then this is the game for you! At least the art is pretty... Being an acheivement hunter I am going to see it out till the end. With every passing mouse click my mouth forms into an even deeper frown! Is that dramatic enough for you? Then you might like this game! ;__;That being said... the art is lovely.
,Recommended,447180,23984318,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,d i n k y ㅇㅅㅇ,"Poor story, and yeah the main character is kinda bad. She cries for no reasons and you can't relate to her all too much. However, for the price it did give me some hours entertainment so I'm alright with that."
,Not Recommended,447180,30349532,Posted: 5 March,all,DakotaThrice,Forces you to start playing before allowing access to the optionsGiant text overlay obscuring art when in skip modeSave prompt between chapters disrupting flowI'm not sure about the first point but the latter two also occur in the other Dogenzaka Lab games I've played. They may be rather insignificant issues but they do stack up to have an impact on the experience.
76561198068133625,Not Recommended,447180,28990107,Posted: 3 January,all,JinxMinx,"I wish there was a ""meh"" rating available since I kind of struggled with deciding on this one.  The character designs were very nice and it's a cute premise, with a very interesting connecting storyline.  The problem is that the game just felt so short to me.  I wanted more time with the humanized pets, I don't want to spoil the game but the amount of time you had with them just didn't allow for any connections to spark in my mind.  Get it if you just love otome games in general and want one with a fantasy setting but just be warned it's rather short.  I'd get it on sale if you do."
76561198046760924,Recommended,447180,23026644,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Miku_Face,"Cute and worth a read for the 40% off sale price. Like any graphic novel game, it depends on your taste for whether you will like it or not. But compared to other games from the genre, it does have a lot of CGs, which is a plus. The chapters are a little short but there are quite a lot of them."
,Not Recommended,447180,23013911,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Yuna,"I have finished Lufna's route only.I am currently undecided on if I will try more routes, or just request a refund.  I'm thinking the latter for multiple reasons.- The amount of typos in such a short story is inexcusable. As linked in another negative review, they even use the wrong names multiple times in the routes. That breaks all immersion to me.-The writing/story is extremely boring and stereotypical. It kind of seems like some high school fan-fiction. I'm sure there is more story to be told in the routes I did not go into, but the lack of interesting story in the route I did do just throws me off of trying any more.-*slight spoiler?* It's slightly ridiculous that she starts saying she is in love with the pet a day or two after she's just left some year+ relationship- More poses for the guys would work better with the dialogues, etc.All in all, I think I would've been more okay with the game if it didn't take itself so seriously. The concept is too weird to do that. I really wasn't expecting much from a $10 otome about pet-boys, but this still falls short.  Maybe if it were only $5.."
,Not Recommended,447180,23102691,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Missy,"In this game, you play as an un-self-aware Drama Queen with a blood pressure problem whose type is lanky, small-headed, barrelchested, ape-armed abusive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that drag her around and force her to do whatever they want. This is lucky, because every single love interest fits the bill! My Secret Pets! seems less like a professionally made game and more like a couple little kids who got their ideas on relationships from their strung out sister and talked their school friend who is actually going somewhere into coding their poorly written and badly drawn crap."
,Recommended,447180,22913245,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Defii,"I've been through two of the routes thus far. This is another game created by the makers of The Men of Yoshiwara Kikuya, Pub Encounter, and many others, I nabbed it immediately for the sale price; for the 40% off, I would definitely grab it, if you haven't yet. I'm hesitant at this time to recommend it for full price. This may change the further I progress into the game.The chapters are shorter than previous games I've played by the company, but I'm not enjoying it any less. I found it pleasing that they gave you the option of trying to win the Ex back, instead of just giving you the options of the animals. Might have seemed a bit weird at first to some - but, if you can date pigeons, then this isn't a problem at all. They aren't anthromorphic; no animals parts are on them regularly. In Ramin's route(the pink/grey cockatoo), in one scene, his wings did sprout. He got ""excited"" Haha.It's cute, the art is gorgeous. I really wish there was more cutscene images, though. I can't say much about the music as I always turn it off since I approach these are interactive novels - which as VN's, they are.I also hope for DLC further down the line for Georgie and Charme(Fumiya). I thought it was odd, even after explanations, that Georgie was the one pet to remain in his animal form throughout(even though you are gifted with a human Georgie later on ;D).Anyway - still playing! :)**There are quite a few typo's. The beta reader in me cringes with each one."
,Recommended,447180,32244765,Posted: 7 June,all,Chumpy,"I was surprised at the quality of this game while first playing.I did not expect much of a game with this plot (pets becoming humans) and was hopping for something not so good.How I was wrong.The game is great, the characters are handsome, loveing, cute, and full of surprises.The storyline is captivating and for each route (and in the end of it) you will have answers for different doubts and unsolved things during the gameplay. A good way to make the players curious about the whole story and to make you whistle to play the entire game."
76561198288048769,Recommended,447180,32849329,Posted: 27 June,all,spennakyoko,"To be honest, I enjoyed the game because I loved the characters and the art but the story itself wasn't very well-written and I felt that the ending was rushed.  think the story had a lot of potential but they just rushed the ending to finish the story in 8 chapters. The MC is the typical otome MC and I personally found the explicit scenes uncessarry and they made me uncomortable but I was easily able to skip them. Despite all that I was still able to enjoy the game because the characters were really interesting and I loved their relationship with each other and their love to the MC."
76561198167850471,Recommended,447180,33113322,Posted: 1 July,all,eliza.knight339,"I bought this game on discount, it is amazingI love the characters and the story make me feel happy"
76561198027817952,Recommended,447180,25297050,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,pysali,"I'm giving this one a tentative up. I really do wish their was a middle ground in reviews. I don't think it's terrible and I have to give them props for constructing the game to tell a larger, more complicated story then just who the heroine will get with. That said, I don't think it quite works, but I still enjoyed the game and don't regret the time I spent with it.If you're familiar with any of Dogenzaka Lab's other Otome games then you'll know what you're getting into like a romance novel from the 80s or early 90s the guys tend to be jerkwads, the protagonist is meek and/or a crybaby and the drama train rides right to the last screen. This one does have a couple of routes where the guys are actually pretty damn nice so that's a refreshing twist.I'd honestly recommend this on sale if you're curious and/or want to enjoy the lovely art and an interestingly weaved plot. If you're interested in the larger overall plot I recommend this reading order:Lufna, Ramin, Assam, Reito and Lize. You can probably change up Lize and Reito on preference without too much story dissonance,  since they both reveal the most major plot twists, but tell distinctly different sides of the story.If you don't care that much then just go through the screenshots on the store page and read the description one and go for the archetype that works best for you. I personally loved Lufna and Ramin's routes and thought Assam was interesting even though I think they didn't quite know what to do with him."
,Not Recommended,447180,25379168,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,fabio_andrews,"Bought it yesterday and played it for like 50 minutes... I was hoping for a light and happy otome game, instead i bought a depressing game about a breakup(that the characters seems to talk about it nonstop) and something like all the characters except the one you'll love will die in one week. It's just too serious. Oh well, at least there's some sexy guys and sometimes the things get spicy XD"
,Recommended,447180,33473534,Posted: 12 July,all,Мизантроп,"The idea of this game is so cool! Just to imagine my pets to become human, to feel their unconditional love in this new way. Oh my! That's wonderful! The person who thought about this plot is so great! Thanks a lot for such a pleasue to play this game!!! Especially the cat guy is unforgettable! I enjoyed this game and idea in general so much that I even don't want to mention any negative moments! THANK YOU!!!"
,Not Recommended,447180,25503602,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Blake Belladonna,"Honestly? This is kind of, in my opinion, a cringefest--there are also sprite errors that are extremely noticeable--for example, in one part, Lize has two sets of rabbit ears.Honestly, ""My Secret Pets"" feels more like it's worth about $7 (USD).If you want an otome game that does ""animals transforming into humans"" right, then I really recommend Dandelion: Wishes Brought To You. It's a pretty swell otome game by Cheritz, and it has a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,447180,23032782,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Yune,"My overall reaction to this game was fairly positive, but i wish there was some way to give this a medium review.Let's start with the good. I really enjoyed the characters and story, as well as the fact that you got different information in each route to solve the mystery. It made me want to find out more and do all the routes. I also really enjoy the art. As expected of an otome game, there's plenty of romance and it's fun to see the relationships develop.I also thought that the concept, although rather strange, was pretty neat.There are a few things about the game that are just kind of 'meh.' The music wasn't bad, but after playing for hours, listening to the same 3 or 4 tracks got to be pretty repetitive and predictible. There were also a bunch of choices that didn't affect the likeability meter at all. I'm assuminng they included so many choices to make up for the fact that there are so few chapters, but it really seemed pointless. There were some small plot details that irked me a bit, but didn't ruin the story, such as the fact that Lize is apparently an amazing cook and his burgers are 'famous' even though he's been a rabbit until just recently. Maybe she lets her pets cook?On to the negatives, everything generally seemed pretty rushed. Each route only has 8 chapters (not encluding the endings) and it also takes place in only a week. While the Main Character technically already knew all the pets before they were human, I really find it hard to believe she'd fall in love in less than a week, especially after ending such a long relationship and not even getting closure. Another thing that's really annoying in this, as well as many mobile otomes, is the grammar. The typos and misused words can really hurt the experience, especially when the characters names even get mixed up.So basically, it's an entertaining read if you don't take it too seriously, but I'd recommend keeping the negative things in mind if you're considering this game."
,Not Recommended,447180,23044005,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Sakura Daray,"Tried it and returned it, not worth the oney even at 40% discount. It´s actually worse than the usual otome games, the MC is just clishé after clishé. I can´t stand anymore of these games."
,Recommended,447180,22915691,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kirie,"Was able to date a cat. :3 Crazy Cat Lady Archivement archived.10/10 would buy again.But yes, it's a really cute and funny Otome Game, with lovely characters, the main route seemed a bit short though, gonna check the sequel now.Looking forward to date more of these cutie pets."
76561198233944892,Recommended,447180,26204281,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lost Seraph,"It's my favourite Dogenzaka Game.I played most of their games and while I enjoyed most of them, My secret Pets really surprised and pleased me. It's one of those games where you don't get a bad ending.For me it's a little frustrating to have story pathes where it's impossible to get a good or at least neutral ending (like a certain path in Destinys Princess)... so, I'd say My secret Pets is for anyone who enjoys a lighthearted and little touchy story.It is recommended to play the pathes in order, though, to prevent some spoilers, as the stories lead to a final conclusion."
,Recommended,447180,28005197,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,spoiltzo,"I absolutely adore this game.They way you get to pick which route you go down is really well set out. All the characters are very, very asthetically pleasing I must say. Especially Ramin! ♥♥Definitely worth buying!10/10!^^*"
,Recommended,447180,22961576,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,tiffanybracken,"TL;DR - It was short and sweet. I recommend you get it on sale,It plays very similar to Destiny's Princess except there's no bad or bittersweet endings, which I enjoyed. I beat everything within 5.3 hours of play time, all endings, sequels, and senarios. It's a bit short compared to the Otome games I've played. Price wise, I believe $10 was sufficient. The regular price of $16 is pushing it.From the 'cons' I've read from other reviews:There is actually an auto button. It's the "">>"" or just hold space down for a second or two and it will do it on it's own.No, it's not voiced. I was fine with that. Better no voices than have only parts voiced, imo I find that annoying.The music can get alittle repetitive, but just turn it off if you don't like it. Not nearly as annoying as Ozmafia's loading screen thing *twitches*The MC is naive and trusting, so what?For those who complain about the story, realize the MC is mostly romancing her >pets<. Does the underling plot really matter that much? Does it really matter the rabbit knows how to cook? Is the logic of this game really that important? And if you are confused about Georgie in the begining, I was right away, just go along with it till later."
76561198216449079,Recommended,447180,22910627,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,FlutterSparkles,"UPDATED: After going through several routes, I really wished each story was LONGER so we could get to know each character better. I feel that each story is TOO SHORT to buy at full price...so I recommend getting it at a discount price. Each story is good but they could be great if each story was given more depth and made quite a bit longer.This is another great game from the creators of Men of Yoshiwara (both Kikuya and Ohgiya) and Pub Encounter. I feel that each character route is a bit shorter than their other visual novels mentioned previously. Although this is a bit shorter, there are a lot more choices to decide in the story. However each choice may not give likeability. Meaning you could pick from two choices, but neither will give likeability it will just give a slight variation on dialogue or scene. For example when the pets turned human help out the protagonist cleaning, there are three choices that dont affect likeability but give different scenes or a slight variation on dialogue.I do WISH there were more CGs as there are not enough (at least in my opinion). I also HOPE in the future that the creators add story routes for both Georgie and Fumiya, because I would love to get to know each of their characters a bit more intimately ;)***I definitely recommend this at the sale price as I am a bit hesitant to recommend to buy it at full price since it is shorter than Men of Yoshiwara. I do want to point out that it has a somewhat similar plot to Dandelion-Wishes Brought to You just without the skill grinding. But like Men of Yoshiwara the artwork is great as expected and is a story that pulls you in from the moment you start reading. ***"
76561198202030786,Recommended,447180,22965396,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BlackMaze,"loved it so far.found some typo's but wasn't bothered too much (update would be nice!)ALSO, i NEED GEORGIE ROUTE Please!! was interested in him at first but after Assam route i seriously need a route to romance the hell out of him xDso, again an update to add his route!overall,nice game ;)"
,Recommended,447180,28892147,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jess Adora,"Thanks to this game, I have a healthy sexu--erm, *fantasy* relationship with my cat.Okay, though-- seriously:The game is very lightweight and I haven't come across any buggy stuff except a couple of typos. I still need to play through a few more stories, but it's simple enough.The story is a little on the boring side, but has a couple of ""oh, okay... neat"" twists. I thought I found a plothole during my first go-through, but it was plugged up at the end.It has implied mature content, but nothing explicit.I wouldn't recommend it at full price, but the sale price was okay for me. It's a pretty simple, cute otome game.  If you are okay with the scenario of having a romantic relationship with your pets, go for it. They're pretty cute.  You have the option of trying to work it out with your human boyfriend, but I haven't gone that route yet."
76561198135493299,Not Recommended,447180,22964863,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Yummiedepummie,A dating sim of pretty low uality. story lines meh and can get convoluted.
76561198098619374,Recommended,447180,23207262,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,portia.lee,"Still can't believe I spent cash on steam for this type of game, I do shame about myself tho ...LOL. BTW, the story line is fine, but, what a pity without voice acting,  ( especially for those passionate scene :D ) ."
,Not Recommended,447180,22927779,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Komamari,"The low play time speaks for itself. I'm not very picky with my games and can pretty much forgive shoddy writing, but this was too much. Not worth the $10."
76561198112028277,Recommended,447180,22919492,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,sweetpoison14,"A great game! I bought it basically the moment it came out and i'm hooked, it has a beautiful art style and is all round fun to play! If you like otomes i'm certain you will love this. I've done three routes so far and look forward to doing the others."
76561198141305881,Recommended,447180,30647824,Posted: 21 March,all,Sakura Kushinada,Love this story! I re-read it several times its a fave of mine
76561198259291261,Recommended,447180,30449427,Posted: 11 March,all,The Rainbow Panda,great game i'm in love with lufnas route it was adorable :3
76561198271423935,Recommended,447180,28581740,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Otohime,"I must say that I laughed a lot with this game (even though I don't think that laughing was the game intention lolol). The game itself is pretty silly, the characters do not have any deep story or anything like that, neither any development. The MC is pretty boring and the answers to the questions are a little nonsense.BUT, for being so silly and weird, makes it funny! I spent my time laughing at how nonsense lots of things were, and I do not regret buying it (I recommend, though, that you buy this on promotion)."
,Recommended,447180,32683278,Posted: 23 June,all,Kayluhh08,"So like this is like an adult version of cheritz dandelion, its pretty much the same game except there is no time management and work/dates just straight VN. Its not a bad game but its kind of rapey in some places so I can see why people would rate it negitively I waited till it was on sale for $3.19 I wouldn't have bought it for $15.99."
76561198373802953,Recommended,447180,33361908,Posted: 7 July,all,Misaki,"This game is so good. The story is so nice. I wonder why the rating's poor, others who's thinking of buying this will have a doubt in their minds, but as for me I really enjoyed this, plus I bought this last summer sale for a very cheap price so I really am lucky. Its kind of refreshing for Dogenzaka to create something like this. The mc was such a cutie too."
