user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198158309410,Not Recommended,447190,22397323,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"I haven't play this game for long (just first chapters from each route), but I already see that this game has pretty much the same problem as ""The Men of Yoshiwara"". The reason may be poor translation, but sadly it's not an excuse.What am I talking about exactly?Sloppy writing.Very lazy, very unrealistic, dialogues looks so fake, there's absolutely no way someone could read it and be like: ""yeah... That's how people talk to each other in real life!"". This is a visual novel and I stand by my point that visual novels should be based on solid writing. I can survive not-so-good graphic and not-so-good music, but not this.Characters.Honestly I bought this game, because I thought that since characters are older than standard otome love interests, maybe the whole game will be more mature. But no. Don't count on that. If not because of art and the fact that they introduce themselves to you and tell you their age, based on their act I could not recognize that they are truly more mature.Protagonist.It's obvious yet still painful. It's a huge sin of great amount of games that are coming out from various studios (usually Asian ones though). I get it - cultural difference. But we can have awesome anime and manga female characters yet in those sort of game, protagonist is almost always the same - weak, with no personality whatsoever, completely submissive, and innocent, and soft-spoken and... No, she's not just ""shy"" as you may think right now. She is literally bland. There's no substance to her and absolutely no way I could find any common ground with this character.Story. So yeah, imagine that. Young girl comes to the bar where usually only ""mature men"" are present. Of course she is noticed immediately. She wants the drink so one of characters ask her what's wrong. She says few sentences about job, which are basically dismissed (because come on, we don't want to give protagonist to much lines of dialogue) and then our ""mature men"" start to act all childish like, which I assume is this game version of characters introduction. Well, it's bad. Then after this one night we get to choose which character we want to pursue. And then the girl wakes up, thinking about this one man that stand out sooo much, that she just can't not think about him and need to come back and sit with this ""pleasant"" company, just to have few line of unrealistic dialogue and then few totally random encounters. It's first chapter, those two characters doesn't even know each other yet they feel somehow oblige to explain themselves and act in certain manner as if they were dating already. There's no feel of actual developing a relationship or ""getting to know"" each other. Oh and yeah, various characters ""randomly"" bump into each other all the time. Which is explained by... wait for it... fate. Seems legit!Music.Annoying. Turn it off and play your own, this will be more pleasant experience.... or just don't bother, unless it gets huge discount."
,Recommended,447190,22394659,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Buttfart Princesspants VIII,"Well, I think I've played enough to know how this game will go, and to make a review with the general idea.This is yet another game brought to you by the people who made ""the Men of Yoshiwara"" who have recently released ""Destiny's Princess"".  The HUD and options menu are exactly the same as these two games, which is nice since it's a simple and well designed one with the option of a skip button.Sadly, I don't think they should've rushed to get this out so close to their other release. Don't get me wrong, it's a good game, but it feels like a seperate part of the company worked on this game and it feels a lot different than the previous two. Don't walk into this expecting bishies and girly romance. It starts with you leaving work after a miserable day and entering a bar full of over-familiar middle aged men and you basically go from there.The art is a lot different from the other games, especially around the eyes, which I think was a bad choice. I think it was intended to make sure you knew they were older, but it just put me off. It's nice to see them at least experimenting with their art styles. The music is also pretty chill - not as good as Destiny's Princess music, but it's not something you'll mute when you play.I think this game was intended for slightly older otome players and not players that just want cute bishies for their 16+ aged protagonist, and I think this can be seen by the fact your character is above the legal drinking age and casually walks into bars when she's feeling rubbish after work (work that she's been at for over a year, might I add). I know this might be off-putting to some players since the romantic interests are older, but bear in mind that the protagonist is older too. Although in my humble opinion, I really don't like the old, white haired bar tender, so I think I'll leave that route to others.I romanced Mamoru Arashiro because I'm shallow and he was pretty. The actual content of the game was very impressive - I found the dialogue flowed way smoother in this game than in previous games, and the characters felt a lot more human. It wasn't feudal Japan or formal concubines - it was just some guys chilling out in your local pub, which I really enjoyed because the characters, once again, felt like they were more relatable than they were in ""The men of yoshiwara"" and even more so than they were in ""Destiny's Princess"" which I'd actually complimented for it's character development. This game definitely focuses more on story, plot and characters than it does on art (although I wager the art style in this one took them longer) and I'm still debating whether this is good or bad.Regardless, it's nice that the company has branched out to different styles and trying different methods - change like this isn't always a bad thing, and I think it's lovely that older players can feel less like kougars romancing barely 20 year old men in every other available game.It's also worth a mention that I find this game similar to anime I've read where the protagonist ends up living with an older man - it feels like it has that charm.Overall, I would say don't walk into this expecting the typical ""Yoshiwara/Destiny's Princess"" formula and setting. Don't buy it if you think dating older men is creepy, because there are no ""younger"" options, you should stick to Yoshiwara etc for that. I would buy this game, since it's on sale and one of the few otome games we as a community have on steam (albeit that is changing rapidly lately), and it's not a bad game at all, I've rather enjoyed it. However, if you're stuck between this game and ""Amnesia: memories"" or ""Destiny's Princess"" etc, I would grab those games instead of this one. Unless you're up for something a little different."
,Recommended,447190,22764777,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,rubynxt,"(Edited to add: So after about a year since I wrote my review, I've seen some other reviews savagely ripping apart this game. While they make fair points, what I can say is your first mistake is walking in here expecting an A-grade VN. It is FAR from it. This is firmly in the category of B-grade or even C-grade romance VNs usually found on mobile. You know, the kind you secretly play and then get embarrassed if anyone so much as mentions that they found it on your phone so now you must burn all evidence, change your name, and move to a different country. While you do get a bit of content at full price, I failed to mention in my original review that I would recommend this only when on sale. Keep your expectations low and don't spend too much money on it, and everything will be fine. If you dislike the concept of dating older men, you will hate this game with a passion. If you have any  negative feelings about the game but just playing to check it out, do NOT start with Mamoru.)This visual novel is definitely for more mature audiences. Would only recommend if you are 16+. Partly because there are plenty of steamy scenes, and also to ensure you understand that these stories are not a handbook for real life, healthy relationships. There are a couple of characters that heavily manipulate the protagonist in their relationship, and she's more than happy to be used. Don't learn from that!The whole premise is to explore a relationship between a young adult female and a middle-aged man that she meets at a pub. It reads very much like a normal novel instead of an interactive story, sometimes you get to see the story from the perspective of both the protagonist and the other characters. The choices you  make affect your 'likeability', deciding if you get the Good or Best ending (both are worth reading).The protagonist has a very distinct personality and often has internal monologues, so you pretty much feel like you're reading about someone else's story  or a printed novel instead of being in control of the game. Her personality differs slightly for each character's route. In general, she is easily manipulated, submissive, blushes easily, hyper sensitive to touch and intimacy, and acts like a high-school virgin even though she is in her mid-20s. It's a little disturbing how these older men keep calling her adorable and making a big fuss about how her cuteness makes her attractive. Also disturbing is how the protagonist keeps choosing to drown her work sorrows in alcohol when maybe she should just find a new job and a healthier source of self-esteem.That aside, the stories are emotional and dramatic. All of the stories are interesting in their own way, however not all of the routes focus on exploring the age gap factor. The characters have strong personalities and at the end of the day, you will feel like you know them very well. One nice touch that makes the experience more immersive is that the characters change their pose or expressions with each dialogue box, so it feels as if they are really reacting to the conversation with you.I've played all of the main routes so here's a quick guide to the different characters.- Ryunosuke: The most decent guy of the lot. Formal until you get to know him better. Status gap doesn't seem to be an issue, although it should be. Story feels like two young adults going out together on normal dates. One of the routes where the protagonist isn't a submissive doormat.- Mamoru: Very forward and flirty. Can't keep his hands to himself. Has the steamiest route, half the time you guys are getting it on. Story depth is disappointing considering the setting, he could be placed in any other game and would fit right in. Protagonist makes me want to punch my screen. She's easily manipulated, submissive, and controlled. This route makes for quick and dirty entertainment, I guess.- Hideaki: Really friendly and outgoing guy that doesn't act his age but is very concious of the age gap. The only one with an ordinary job and status. This is the closest you can get to a typical office guy. Very emotional story. Protagonist is stronger in this route and goes through a lot of tough moments to support him.- Soichiro: The pub owner and the oldest. Possibly 60 or 70 even? Very gentlemanly with a few tricks up his sleeve. Despite being attracted to the protagonist, he suspects that she has misguided affection (or puppy love) for him, which makes him hesitant to return any advances. The story largely focuses on the emotional bonding between them.- Yorihisa: Seems like the thoughtful, intelligent type but he's even more manipulative than Mamoru. He tricks the protagonist into entering into a relationship with him then plays with her feelings througout. He totally takes advantage of the fact that she's a desperate fangirl to get what he wants."
76561198072585625,Not Recommended,447190,33232384,Posted: 4 July,all,egglipse,"I've played all the routes at this point, except 1, trying to find a good story. Instead of providing an insightful review, let me give some hard-hitting recreations of what happens in every route.MC: *Cries*Bachelor: You're so attractive.*They bone*MC: *Cries**MC enters bar*Everyone: Hey, it's MC! Yay! She's so hot!MC: Hello.Everyone: What an insightful girl, so smart and clever too!Bachelor when not in your route: Man, your boyfriend is being mean, you should let me make you feel better!Bachelor when you are in his route: We can't be together because I once experienced a negative emotion in my past... *ignores you for 1 month*"
76561198165076891,Recommended,447190,22477771,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Zareh,10/10 Would make love to middle-aged men again.
,Recommended,447190,22430764,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Thrúd,"Are rich old Japanese men better than a high school romance with pigeons? Yes, they are."
76561198214213240,Recommended,447190,22406987,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,strawberrydream,"Pub Encounter is made by the same people who made The Men of Yoshiwara, and it plays exactly the same. With that said, it isn't exactly like The Men of Yoshiwara, so try not to go in expecting that. The biggest difference, at least for me, was the characters. The LIs of Pub Encounter are mature, middle-aged men, as the game frequently reminds you. I didn't see this as a bad thing. In fact, it was refereshing to see a cast of characters in an otome game that were not barely legal, at best. That said, I felt that Pub Encounter plays kind of fast and loose with the term ""middle-aged"". Some of the men I'd put at mid-thirties, where others are quite a bit older than that. Again, not really a bad thing, just a minor complaint. The art style wasn't awful, it just felt unpolished. There was a lot of detail put into making the men's eyes appear older, but some other areas were a bit lacking. I did like the MC a lot, though. She has more personality than many MCs in other otome games and sticks up for herself more. It's nice to see that games are now starting to cater to an audience that wants an independent heroine, not a glorified damsel in distress. The overall plot is decent. I'm not typically into slice of life, but I found the story engaging enough to hold my interest long enough to complete a route and make me curious enough to pursue another. Do be warned, though, there are sexual themes in this game. You don't get any CGs of it, like some other VNs, but there are some very discriptive bits of text that accomplish the same goal. If you are not interested in playing a game where a younger woman enters a romantic/sexual relationship with a man older than she, do not buy this.Other than that, I do recommend the game. It's got high replayability, the characters are likeable enough, and the plot is decent."
,Recommended,447190,22560615,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,kakapunkcool,"Pretty rad date sim. Like any other date sim, only with useful cocktail recipes and older man, HELL YEAH!It seems sorta superficial, but daaaang, sometimes the guys' backstories are so profound or unsettling you actually feel something!Would still buy full price cause of the nice art, but your character is stupid, she has a lot of sex, tho, so she's better than me.BUY THIS IF YOU'RE LONELY AND SAD"
,Not Recommended,447190,25760473,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mifititi,"Not recommended.While routes' plots do vary, from one extremity to another, it really seems kind of unreal. Okay, games are not necessarily supposed to be ""real"" but I expected less dramatic plot twists. They were alright, besides that one route that made me see one of my favorite characters in an utterly different light. (And it's not a good thing.)The art is... Okay. Obviously, they look older and I don't mind that, but... It's definitely only okay. I mean, one of the characters is 60, but he looks over 70... That's a bit too much for me. And backgrounds are a little fuzzy.Now, the characters. Out of five romanceable guys, only one is romanceable (and a little squee-worthy because he is sweet). One is way too old (looking) and two of them are horribly manipulative. The fifth was just... okay. And some of them were quite childish for 40+ years old men...There definitely were typos, some even hilarious. Like the MC apparently puts their own body in a bag... But I'm not a native English speaker, so I don't necessarily notice everything, so it didn't bother me that much.My conclusion is... Save your money. A few good bonus stories isn't enough to make for 4 routes that are either horrible, unremarkable or boring. At least, not from my point of view."
,Recommended,447190,22697181,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Naruchin ☆,"I am a fan of the Forbidden Romance series and have most of the games on my phone already. These otomes are not afraid to be different (looking at you, Voltage cookie cutter formula) and are more adult in their writing and themes. Pub Encounter always caught my attention while browsing the selection but I never downloaded it, so I was happy when it came out on Steam.Premise number 1: I am not particularly interested in older men.Premise number 2: I like strong, indenpendant MCs who can carry their own weight.With that said, I played through the routes of Hideaki and Mamoru, read the first 3 chapters of Yorihisa before force-skipping, and force-skipped the other 3 routes for the achievements. I can't really talk about Yorihisa, Soichiro and Ryunosuke's routes, since the guys aren't my types, but I don't fault the game for that.The romance progresses quickly. The game isn't a journey to know each other that culminates with a kiss, MC and the love interest get together early on and have to overcome an obstacle together. This 'obstacle' is very dramatic, and lots of crying will happen. The game touches mature themes and questions fairly well. Also the MC gets laid A LOT.- Hide's route is easily my favorite. This policeman is a sweet guy and with him the MC can be somewhat assertive. His trauma is rooted deeply and you unveil it slowly; I thought the game handled it well.- Mamoru works as a lawyer and his tattoo screams yakuza. Guess what the main drama will involve. While his looks gave it away, it's not actually that simple, and I appreciated it. The MC gets laid a lot in his route.- Yorihisa is an author and university lecturer. His route plays with the stereotypical narrative of a game of love in which the first to fall in love loses. Would have actually enjoyed it if the MC didn't spoil it with her attitude.The MC was actually the reason I gave up on Yorihisa's route and brute-forced my way to the achievements via skipping.Get ready for a 100% otoge MC, folks. She whines. A lot. She blushes at the slightest touch. She gets dizzy while thinking about the man she loves.. According to her, being liked was enough to set her heart racing and making her flustered and incapable of putting a sentence together without stuttering. She also calls herself 'a little kid' compared to the men; I approached the game thinking she was in her mid-20s but realized she is probably younger than me. She even gets mistaken for a high schooler.I am a fairly speedy reader and each route took me around 3 hours to complete. The lenght is a plus, although it did feel a bit dragged towards the end. I am not a native speaker, but I thought the translation flowed well and I didn't see many mistakes.I enjoyed the art. It's anime but it's different. Mamoru was quite handsome and the rest of the guys weren't half bad either. The CGs were quite pretty but the MC had eyes only in some. Shoutout to the backgrounds (looking at you again, Voltage, with your low quality 3D render backgrounds in your AAA titles). Still sad that there is no e-mote system in the Steam ports, but oh well :)I don't usually care for the music but the (very) few tracks were enjoyable, and one in particular I really liked (the second song in the video, I'm obsessed!).It might look as if I hated the game, quite the opposite. I like crazy narratives like these, I like otomes, I am in love with the Forbidden Romance series, so I ended up liking the routes I read. I think this game in particular suffers from a straight up port: in the mobile version one can read the first chapter of each guy before purchasing a route, here it's all bundled up. Considering it includes sequel scenarios, date scenarios and extra stories, the price is great, but if you are unsure, I'd suggest to download the Android/iOS version first to try.Do I recommend it? Yes, IF you like the kind of narrative (get together early to overcome a dramatic obstacle), you don't mind a whiny, easily flustered MC, and if the description of the guys catch your attention."
76561198005023143,Recommended,447190,22431650,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ele,"This game is charming.  In real life, guys in their 40s who hang out in pubs picking up 20-somethings are likely to be pathetic or creepy or both.  But this is fantasy, and these guys are quite likeable.  This is very much a soap opera, with predictable romantic tropes.  There are places where the English translation is a bit rough, but the meaning comes through quite well.  It is a fun play if you need a quick dose of ""happily ever after."""
,Recommended,447190,29107428,Posted: 7 January,all,LadyCyanide,"Pub Encounter? More like ""Hot Dad Simulator"""
,Not Recommended,447190,33109445,Posted: 1 July,all,Dantat,"I saw this popped up in my queu, so I decided to try it out. The idea of having older men as potential love interests was interesting, if not refreshing from the typical otome game. However, my excitement quickly turned into dissapointment.The artwork is alright, but the plot is horrible. Since the love candidates are older men, I was expecting more mature contents (not just smut). Everything feels really rushed and the character developments of your love interests are choppy. I'm not sure if there's some glitches in the game, but sometimes I felt the dialogues just jumped from one thing to another without a smooth transition, which makes things a bit incoherent. Perhaps it was the issues with the translation. I've played many otome games, and this one is just mediocre. I pushed myself to finish Hideki's route, but I couldn't continue with the game.If you are more interested in just getting the guy and the smut content, then maybe this is for you. But if you're looking for something with more in-depth storyline, then I recommend you to pass this one."
,Recommended,447190,22442652,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,your nonexistent waifu,I almost never play otome and none has held my attention for long. The only otome I finished was because I felt obliged since I paid a lot of money for it and didn't really enjoy it.But this got me with the ojisan theme. It's rare to see that. Good art too. The men are adorable with their different personalities and stories. Got this game because it reminded me of Ristorante Paradiso anime. If you're into ojisan check it out.Recommended for casual otome players who are into ojisan and just wanna get quick feel good moments for a few hours.Some spelling and grammatical errors here and there but nothing major.
76561198119734409,Recommended,447190,28665117,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,drpepperpancake16,"""Pub Encounter"" is a romance game where you can fall in love with one of several middle-aged men.""Sign me the hell up! That was enough to make me buy this. I only played one route of this, but it's cute and sweet and worth the money if bought during a sale."
76561198282434217,Recommended,447190,32859601,Posted: 27 June,all,MsStorymaker,"Sexy, Hot and Amazing. This 5 Gentleman will win your heart faster then you believe! The Stories are fantastic! Come on guys! Buy it! Forget the boyish Guys, when you can have real Mens ;)"
76561198032230622,Not Recommended,447190,25282746,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dill Pixel,"~Note: I play all mo games in offline mode as much as possible to the playtime recorded is NOT my actual playtime!!~Sweatin' to the oldies!Okay, despite the fact I should be hit with a bat for that heading, I really, REALLY wanted to like this game, despite it's MANY horrible flaws.  Why?  Finally a game for the older otome-game lover who is tired of being shoved in the role of an insipid, clumsy, moronic high school girl who falls into all the bad anime tropes.  Now, we get to play the role of an insipid, clumsy, moronic adult woman who falls into all the bad anime tropes! Hooray!! <-Sarcasm 101 for the stupidThe art is kinda nice, characters are well drawn and backgrounds are good, too.  BGs are all original, not the horrible overr-exposed pictures of real places some awful VNs use.  I do have one complaint: they emphasize the wrinkles a bit too much for the ""mature look"" and it ends up making the men look far older than their actual ages.  Actually, it makes them look a lot less like mature men and more like haggy, middle-aged women.  Like all the gawd-awful looking front men of hair-bands from the 80's look now. The worst ofender is the silver-haired granny..I mean, gentleman what owns the bar.Sound is...okay, I guess?  Typical sound effects and bland music.  Nothing that irritated me or I'll remember later on.MC is the typical, insulting VN heroine: an unsure, bumbling, stupid, whiny, weak willed bimbo having no other interests outside shopping, sweets and men(How I LOATHE this type!).  She also has the standard, annoying flaw of being clumsy at all the wrong/right times.  Like making the super-smart choice to run while wearing high heels, resulting in her tripping just in time to be caught by the dashing old dude.  I don't know if VN makers use this wretched, generic personality to cover all bases or if this is what they really think passes for women/girls nowdays.  In any case, the MC is total rubbish.Dialogue is borderline insulting.  Yes, in an Otome game you have to take the plot with a grain of salt but, in this game, the plot is just as insipid as the main character.  SHe falls in love before even knowing the guy.  And, honestly all the conversations, pre-confession, are just bland, empty and boring.  There is nothing there that makes me think ""I am going to love this man"".Another title that has nothing going for it besides art.  Just the same bland crap, this time with old dudes!  It had SO much potential but, in the end, falls into all the same pitfalls all the other sub-standard otome games fall into."
,Recommended,447190,25159524,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"My first playthrough of a Dogenzaka visual novel. I really enjoyed this and it was actually longer than expected. Honestly when I first jumped in I thought everyone was drinking way too much and the music kept looping...I turned the music down and slowly got used to 'living' at the bar and enjoyed being there. There's not too many backgrounds -which is probably its only down fall for me. Different guy, Different story but same music/backgrounds. Bleh, But I really enjoyed each of their stories and scenes when it was their turn. I bought this while it was on sale and it's worth the sale price. But full price of $17.99 is kinda steep. If you're a fan of Otome visual novels, you'll enjoy getting to know each of these guys. They're memorable.Best Guys: Ryunosuke, Soichiro!"
,Recommended,447190,26962513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Caenis Snow,"I am new to playing otomes and I chose this one as my ""first"" one because I'm an older woman.  I'm not a school girl, nor do I want to be one, so I jumped on the first one I found with men with some age on them, thank goodness.  It's a little silly, but then a lot of them are.  I was just so grateful for facial hair on the guys I almost overlooked everything else.  It's not Voltage, but there's a lot to be said for being able to purchase something like this outright instead of being micro transactioned to death.  I wish there were more of these made for a more adult/mature audience."
76561198073772096,Recommended,447190,23320099,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,abyssalrose9,"I fell in love with this game just as fast as the guys fell in love with me, which nevertheless, was very fast!Hideaki for life!"
,Recommended,447190,28965807,Posted: 2 January,all,Pannademic,"I'm not that old of a person, really I am in my twenties, and I can see how a game based on romancing older gentlemen may not be everyone’s cup of tea, but for me this game wave really enjoyable. I will be honest and say I do tend to like older men in real life, and this game was very fun. I find it a bit odd to play a game that the romance options are teens, because of me being older than that. I love visual novel games, but most are targeted towards a younger group sadly.Pub Encounter, is a good game with different characters and each story is very real in how it could happen. I have meet a few gentlemen that a few of the characters reminded me of.Not over the top, good story, and nice CGs.All and all, a good visual novel to play."
,Recommended,447190,33592326,Posted: 16 July,all,Tillyana,"This game was rather entertaining. My favorite storyline was Yorihisa's, but they all had a little something to offer. I struggled a little with the bartender's storyline just because it's not my cup of tea, but I do like trophies. I'm rather new to this genre but overall I would say it was a rather enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,447190,31163362,Posted: 15 April,all,Sentuis,Older men enough said!
,Recommended,447190,25287125,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,chihime,"It's a good one, 8/10 overall.What I liked:Variety of character typesUnique storylinesBeautiful artworkPleasant BGMWhat I disliked:Some overly cliche story elementsAwkward writing/translations(?)Passive protagonistNotes:I wouldn't go into this expecting anything more than any other dating sim. It is a very simple, enjoyable game where you romance older men. (There's also lots of fun information about drinks and cocktails.)I got this on sale, but even at full price, it's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,447190,25063326,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Firefly,"Aw I love this game!! The music is relaxing, and c'mon now... an otome dating game where you woo older menfolk in a classy bar? Hells to the yea! (OK so maybe I just happened to be the target audience for this masterpiece... your mileage may very. LOL.) Also, I WISH THIS BAR WAS A REAL PLACE. I would go there. Every. Effing. Night. And. Day. It's hard to find a classy bar, ya know? Esp one filled with sexy ojisans. :-PBought solely for Ryu's story but I will probably try the other ones at some point too. Though truthfully the way the other men (e.g. not Ryu) are drawn, it looks like they're either crack addicts with weird sunken in eyes, or just old grandpas. @__@; I can probably get past that part and enjoy the stories even if some of them are hopelessly predictable.So far the only exposure I have had to the protagonist is thru Ryu's story, and she seems more dom than most Japanese generic female MCs. So I am hoping she doesn't act like a 'tard in the other routes, though after reading some of the other reviews that cite other routes, I am starting to lose hope, LOL.Anyway, so glad this game (and similar ones by the same dev group) are on Steam now because previously I had tried to play these on my phone and it was sooo annoying cause of all the adverts!! So yay!! :D I hope they make more 'niche' otome games like this where you can woo older men. 'Cause some of us perverts are into that. xDBonus points that the screenshot feature actually works in this game and that there are acheivements, yay!Also another thing worth noting - unlike the vast majority of other otome games/dating sim games out there, you must pick a guy's path up front. It's not one big free-for-all which to me, kinda makes the concept lose its allure just a tad. But not a dealbreaker for me. I like the 'freedom to choose' concept...and the idea you could end up falling for another guy instead of the one you originally set out to get is thrilling to me...er...or something. LOL. But yea, like I said, not a dealbreaker, just a bit different (for me anyway.)"
76561198373802953,Recommended,447190,31413630,Posted: 28 April,all,Misaki,where can i find another otome game like this. ;(
76561198242337366,Not Recommended,447190,22467140,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SamO,"I was excited to see another otome game come out on Steam, but this one was a little disappointing. With the exception of Mamoru's route and (to some extent) Ryu's route the storylines were pretty boring. Also, the artwork can be a little creepy at times. Most of the guys are only supposed to be in their 40's but they look ancient here. I think the artists got a little too carried away with the lines around their eyes.The game's romance options are:-Mamoru: a flirty lawyer with a dark past-Ryu: a serious CEO with trust issues towards the opposite sex-Hideaki: an easy going police officer-Yorihisa: a cynical writer (who in my opinion was the biggest d-bag out of the guys)-Soichiro: the sincere bar tender (who felt the creepiest to romance based on the way he was drawn.)I'd love to see more quality otome games be released like Amnesia and Dandelion Wishes. So, I feel bad not giving this one a good review, but I just can't say I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,447190,22460412,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sibstar,"It's an enjoyable game, with an interesting take, but the need for a proof-reader is there. I think it's decent enough and for the discount price, its worth it to me. I'm not sure I'd pay full price, as it seems the publishers needed to do a bit more work with localizing it and ensuring that the text makes sense. Because of this, it makes me hesitent to want to purchase any of their other releases."
,Recommended,447190,23996886,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,classlessmarxist,"A nice enjoyable otome! Filled with cute tropes that I am slowly admitting to myself that I still enjoy even though I'm not 15 anymore. There is a bit of deepness to the characters, but I'm really just in it to get the girl some action with hot older guys and this totally delivers. Plus booze too!!But seriously, it's a nice departure from overly sugary otome, the guys are a bit more mature so while there is the girlyness of what you'd expect with otome, the balance is nice and I feel like I can enjoy it a lot more.+Edit+Okay, the more I play it, the more the story weighs heavily on me, even though for as wild and out in left field the plot of a character may be, I want to know more!! Pls tell me Senpai!!I personally would have spent full price, but if you want to try a different take on an ototme, pick this up. It is deep but sweet and can pull you in pretty deeply. It is everything you'd want of an otome, but the mature male theme is something that I wish would be approached more. I like it!"
,Recommended,447190,22502238,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Vals Lagun,I think this is the first review I've ever written but this is also the first time I've blushed SO MUCH because of a videogame character. 10/10 would buy at full price again.
76561198282196863,Recommended,447190,23931161,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tagouw,"I must say that even though Ive only played two routes I have fallen in love with this game. The music is nice and relaxing and really fits in the atmosphere of every situation. I personally really like the art style too, its clean and I can see there was some great effort put into it. The stories themself are amazing (although sometimes a tat cliché but hey I am not complaining) and I even wept away a small tear when I did the route of Ryu <3All for all, I really love the game! Well worth it!"
76561198029482641,Not Recommended,447190,28807033,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,eyeoffcenter,"I bought this a while back, played for maybe an hour on the writer guy's route whose name I can't remember. This is just based on my impression from that short amount of playing, so take it with a grain of salt. Also, this review contains minorSPOILERS, so be aware of that.ProsThe art isn't terrible, but falls into some yaoi proportion stuff.I don't remember the music being grating.ConsThe writing is terrible. The characters all take an immediate predatory interest in the MC when she walks into the pub that they frequent. She immediately reciprocates, at least in the route I played.Romantic/sexy scenes seemed to come out of nowhere. Literally, they were sitting there talking, and he suddenly starts to lick her hand???? I just don't know.I bought it because there still aren't a ton of otome games on the market in english on the PC, so I thought I'd give it a shot. Honestly, it just left me feeling icky. It's partially because you're going after older men, but still playing as a young woman, but I guess that's the draw for some people. In any case, it just wasn't the game for me."
,Recommended,447190,27746588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,a.Dream,10/10 would have sex in a public place with a yakuza lawyer again.
,Recommended,447190,29612839,Posted: 31 January,all,Saitzu,"At first I wasn't so sure about getting this game but because it was the first time seeing a game where the guys were way older than you made me give it a chance and...I don't regret it at all.It feels good to see old people as your love interests. There is a moment when you are over 20, that dating <18 feels... weird so playing this game made me feel like I was in once again.They all have their problems, their own way to be. They don't have teenager problems but small traumas from when they were younger. You help them to get over them, to give them a reason to love once again.I really liked this game, I do not regret it at all. My favorite was Mamoru and maybe the one that I liked the least was Yorishisa.It taught me about the drinks too, I am not a drinker myself but I didn't know that the coktels could have a meaning.If you really want to try something new and do not care about the guy's age (do not call it weird or gross or anything, I am sure that you played otomes where the guys were <16 and you liked it.), go for it. It is like playing something different to what you were used."
,Recommended,447190,24322621,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Arisa,Old men harem. 'Nuff said. (◕‿◕✿)
,Recommended,447190,23043904,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[DW] Kira,"why the ♥♥♥♥ not, I thought while buying itand now here Imall horny over old♥♥♥♥♥man(Mamoru best man)"
,Not Recommended,447190,28997128,Posted: 3 January,all,(Savage) Kobayashi Sakoori,"Here we go again. Another mobile VN by Dogenzaka Labs with the same problems as almost every other Dogenzaka Labs (The final achievement doesn't unlock because it's missing from the game file again and the developers will take a week to notice the problem and another week to try and fix it).tl;dr- not for you if you don't like badly written sex scenes and dating middle-aged menI enjoyed Pub Encounters, but I was also immensely disgusted by it. The fact that you could romance some guywho was probably over 60-freaking-years-oldwas enough to make me stop playing it.Buying this game will give you:5 romanceable guys + sequel route for one of themexpensive Steam trading cardsgreat artwork of middle aged men??several hours worth of readingmusic that keeps looping itself because it's too shortsome awkward English translationsthe ability to play in English, Japanese or Chineseawkwardly written ecchi sketchy sex scenesmorality issuesI would not recommend this game to anyone who avoids smut-like material. If you could get past the fact that the romanceable characters are middle aged men, then I would suggest buying it in the Dogenzaka Labs bundle on sale (it's really not worth the money. You're better off using the money from buying the game at full price to buy one Train Simulator DLC). For me, this game was just gross in general and I understand that the romanceable guys have to be their age. I just wish the game revealed the age of the player character becausethey wrote her like she was a 28-year-old and the youngest of the five guys is 41, which did not sit with me right at all. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,447190,28941273,Posted: 2 January,all,Izabela Malan,"Super boring. Besides, I have no interest in romancing old people, lololol. (I got this game as part of a bundle.)"
76561198293490785,Recommended,447190,30515168,Posted: 14 March,all,Kat,"This game is really fun to play if you just want to escape from the world. I am not one to take otome seriously, so it's a fun little game. The main issue is the translation. The grammar is bad, the spelling is stupid, and the mistakes of adding character names that aren't even there is the tip of the iceberg. Do I recommend this game? Yes, if you like simple, easy-going games. It's not the greatest otome I've played, but I can see a lot of potential if they were to hire someone to proof read the translations to make the game flow better...I also find Yorihisa extremely creepy, so watch out for his storyline."
76561198037572567,Recommended,447190,30502374,Posted: 13 March,all,trufflet,"Dating mature men! Very different, but I enjoyed it. The MC could have been given a better personality, but her dialogue is not enough to ruin the game for me. We need more Josei content in general so I appreciate this game.Spolier: If you date Soichiro, he'll lick your thigh.Mamoru bangs you behind a tree. Good times."
76561198277496348,Recommended,447190,25436609,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,sarah.starnes26,Other than a few spelling errors and name mix ups this game is a lot of fun and since I'm new to these types of games that's all I'll say about it.
,Recommended,447190,25316344,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DA_GamerGal,"Despite the typos and lack of proof-reading, I did enjoy playing this otome/visual novel much better than 90% of this developer's other games. Writing still could be better, and the art style is slightly different than their usual otomes, but I guess it was worth the money."
76561198068133625,Recommended,447190,25405974,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,JinxMinx,"I've played my fair share of Do♥♥♥♥♥ka Lab games but I've got to say Pub Encounter is my favorite.  At first, I wasn't sure what to make of it.  I thought it would be a novelty, seducing older men, and even made a drinking game out of it since it was in a pub.  But my mind was quickly changed as I went through all of their routes.  I would have to say that this game is my favorite by far.  The writing is fantastic and the different storylines made each one a bit more personal than usual.  Oh, I know that all DL games have differing stories for the waifus/husbandos but I really felt more of a connection with the guys in Pub Encounter.  Maybe it was because I had been drinking along with the game, but hey!  I still feel pleased about every encounter even when I've sobered up.  In fact, it's probably the only one that I've immediately wanted to play through again.  As a warning for the prudish out there, there are a lot of romance/sex scenes here but I didn't feel them to be vulgar.  They were definitly erotic though."
76561198314909236,Recommended,447190,25947107,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,cheeseshover,"The soundtrack is very calming and fitting for the game and there is a short date scene and sequel scene unlocked once each route is completed. There are two endings, the good and the best. The characters all differ in appearance, personality and occupation, and I'm glad to see that there's a game with older gentlemen on Steam because they're lacking in number.If you don't like middle-aged fitties, don't buy."
,Recommended,447190,34075547,Posted: 6 August,all,Nat,"Like a lot of the otomes by Dogenzaka, this game is not super polished. However, this game has way better characters than most of these games. I've so far enjoyed what feels like a snapshot into the meeting of these characters, and the MC is pretty adorable. It's by no means a deep complex game with a rich storyline, but its pretty decent fluff that hits its niche well. I am enjoying it, and if you pick it up on sale as an otome fan I don't think you'd be mad at it. It's a little different, but it's a nice change."
,Recommended,447190,33355100,Posted: 7 July,all,ViinasuNeko,Not a bad gameI originally bought it feeling quite sceptical as they are all old man and i wondered how will this game work for me.Some of the plot are well done and quite decent as welland it's a nice change from the usual otome game that i usually play.
