user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,447200,22544161,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,(Savage) Kobayashi Sakoori,"Note: You don't need to playThe Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuyain order to play this game and this game does not spoil anything in the previous game. This review is based off of one playthrough, though.Honestly, this game is very similar to Kikuya in terms of general plot, but the characters make it different. This review will be similar to the one I've made forKikuya.ProsFive romancable guysSteam achievementsLots of hours worth of readingSame artwork as KikuyaNeutralsThey reused some of the artwork from KikuyaThe characters somewhat mirror the characters in KikuyaTypos/grammar problems in the English translationThere are less chapters per route in Ohgiya than in Kikuya, which isn't a bad thing, but it's personal preferenceConsAgain, the music just loops itself after a while, like in KikuyaThere is no mobile port for this to my knowledge, so you can't do a ""test run"" like you can with KikuyaFormatted in a way that makes it seem like it's still a PC port of a mobile game, which it's not.The price might be a setbackI expected the same quality and result from playing Ohgiya due to the fact that I played Kikuya already. Ohgiya didn't disappoint me but it also felt kind of like a repeat of Kikuya. I loved Kikuya, so this isn't a problem for me. The publishers fixed a lot from Kikuya when they made Ohgiya, so that was something nice to see in the end. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,447200,23873968,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SecretSarah,"This is a good lesson for me to never buy VNs that were initially smart phone apps with micro-transactions. I like otome where your choices influence who the love interest is and how the story ends. This game was designed for players to buy each individual character's individual chapters. This means that the entire story is fixed with only the illusion of choice.For all intents and purposes, this is a kinetic VN. I enjoy kinetic VNs if they have a good/interesting story but this does not. Simply put, this is a raunchy romance novel with good art and not enough music."
,Recommended,447200,22531422,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Chicchan,"Very different from Kikuya, not as many characters as Kikuya, but the characters is better in Ohgiya, in my opinion.I personally like the main character better in Ohgiya better than in Kikuya, not that they have different personalities but they are not there for the same reasons.So GG and for guys - just ♥♥♥♥ing do it, because if you wanna cringe over something play this or watch Makura no Danshi."
76561198216449079,Recommended,447200,22553353,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,FlutterSparkles,"I play a lot of otome visual novels and I must say this one has a bit of a twist. Instead of the woman being the courtesan, the men are the objects of affection. The music and artwork are great as should be for this type of game. I have done 3 out of 5 of the guys routes and I love that they are each very different. You know a lot of the time when you play these games the plot is the same just with a different guy, but that is not so for this game. Each guy has a very different plot. The only thing that I wish is that Musashi had a route because it become quite obvious that he loves the protagonist although he may be a bit older. Still great game and I highly recommend.***The only I guess negative thing I can say about this game is at times there are a few translation and grammar issues...but I didnt find that it really detracted from the story as I loved all the characters I have played through (so far)."
76561198170693974,Not Recommended,447200,31067493,Posted: 10 April,all,tayxhyl,"I really enjoyed the graphics and the story lines so far have been deep, but I'm finding myself entering some situations non-consensually, and that's really why I'm put off by this game. I've played a few routes, and yet every time there are moments where (Main Character) was forced into sexual situations, one character even used incense to entice (Main Character) to give into him (although she didn't). I understand the concept of this game, but I'm still uncomfortable with the situations I've found (Main Character) in."
,Recommended,447200,31276690,Posted: 21 April,all,ジューイ,"Being the second game in ‘The Men of Yoshiwara’ series (Kikuya being the first), I can happily say that I enjoyed this game a lot more than the first one.It’s not mandatory to play the first game to be able to enjoy this, but it’s recommended. It’s in the same universe and throughout the game, you’ll read and see references of other characters from the first game, which I thought was a nice touch. It also uses the same engine and backgrounds/music from the first game, but it of course adds some new backgrounds and music for the second game to compliment the new story.P.S: I’ll be patiently waiting for a third game to this series.Recommended route order:Ageha > Utsusemi > Asagiri > Gakuto > TakigawaPros:+More interesting story than the first game.+Beautiful art style and CGs (and overall better character design than the first game).+Extra short stories when finishing a route.+Achievements.+Cheaper than the first game.Cons:-English translation/grammar can be bad at times.-Musashi is not a dating option (Although it was teased SO MUCH!!)."
76561198373802953,Recommended,447200,32555470,Posted: 18 June,all,Misaki,"I can say that this was better than Kikuya, though it has the same MC who falls in love with every pat on the head, at least she's not that pathetic and she speaks for herself.And it really has a good story unlike the other one."
76561198155455738,Recommended,447200,24652000,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[TLS] Whitaker,"This is the best Otome I have ever played.Usually Otomes are very corny or the girl is very submissive and even incredibly stupid.So it's a pain to go through a story and even more to find a decent one where you don't have to lower yourself to get a happy ending.Not in this game. I'm in my twenties so I don't think like a teenager and need an Otome to be more consistent.I chose Tagikawa; there is so much depth behind this Character .Actually behind all of them even if you didn't choose them. The secondary Characters keep their depths and aren't just there to fill a scene.I loved this game, got even the background of it.I actually emphasized with the Characters and truly wanted them to be happy. I was immersed in this world like I was reading a book.I felt bad for Tagikawa and understood his pain ,like in our society men have to be strong and have this stigma that if they show their pain or talk about abuse or bad past experiences ,they are less of a man .And the interactions with all the Characters are fluid and feel real.I didn't use any walkthrough to get a happy ending.Other Otomes Vs this one.In some games you're lost without a walkthrough because you have the option of either being an insensitive b** or a whiny b***. What happened as well in some games, if you don't do a certain action during the story you don't get a happy ending .And you don't find it out on your own unless you're lucky or you read online.Not this Otome, As I said again fluid story, decisions are realistic, you don't need to lower yourself or portraying a pathetic girl. You have your personality and you're trying to get to know someone who has as much depth as you.It's a beautiful immersive story that deserves a 10/10 definitely recommend it.I wished I would have hard copies of the other games so I could burn them.Hope you will enjoy this game.Definitely give it a shot!"
,Recommended,447200,22561946,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Nurie,"I completed all the achievements and done all the routes. I can definitely say with the sale price right now, it is well worth it!I like how there is an affection meter/percentage which most of the otome games I played decided not to add that in. >_< It's really convenient to know where I'm at.I know this is strange but I didn't expect much when I first purchased this game due to the guys being courtesans. ^^; I am really glad I took the plunge and bought this.  What surprised me the most was that while I am usually attracted to certain types, the way the stories were done was immersive enough for me to forget that for example - I usually dislike overly flirty, feminine or fickle personalities, but Asagiri somehow won me over in the end.Each route has completely different plots and sets of problems that comes your way, and to me, I like that there is substance to their journey of falling in love. The best thing about it too is that I like the MC. Anyway, give it a try! :-)"
,Recommended,447200,33133203,Posted: 2 July,all,Мизантроп,"It was a real pleasure to play this game, thanks to handsome characters, relaxing music and interesting stories. Although I enjoyed playing The Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuya a bit more and that's why it was so great when sometimes I could meet those men here! It's such a pity that we have less heroes and stories in this game compared with Kikuya, I'd like to play more!Thanks a lot for such an enjoyable experience!!!"
,Recommended,447200,30156536,Posted: 24 February,all,missmekura,"I greatly enjoyed this game, but I wish there was a storyline with Musashi. I felt bad that I couldn't pick him!"
76561198120498361,Recommended,447200,23932479,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sensei-Malfunction,"The reason I played this game were for the art and characters. And I liked what I saw, how lively coloured the sprites and CG:s were, that what I was hunting for and got satisfied. They were all gorgeous! So well drawn and shaded. The art is amazing that my heart could burst ... !!!( Also that I had played ''The man of yoshiwara Kikuya'' was another aspect to purchase this game, and I waited till Oghiyas realese when I knew it was announced. )All the stories were captivating and intreseting. Better than the previous game Kikuya in my opinion. Though some part of the stories goes parallel with another, Oghiya and Kikuya.How the story proceed can feel a bit jumpy between the scenes, escpacially when the music get chopped.I liked all the characters, this game made me feel for them actally, especially Ageha. Since there stories bring depth to all of them, and there personalties are sweet.The music was nice to listen too, but not that many in storage to use. Also sometimes the music died of completly, if it was intentional or not, it felt off..The writing could be vastly improved, repeating words quite often and some grammar mistakes. The language is very simple, and easy to follow though. Yet it held my attantion, since I liked the stories and the characters.Since I was mostly after the art, the CG:s and characters, will I recommend this game. And that I liked each of their tales they had to tell, was a big plus for me. It may not be a fitting game for all, but if one wants a light reading with some spicy romance and pretty boys, here it is.8.5/10"
,Recommended,447200,25376362,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,chihime,"Like kikuya, with some improvements, but lacking in content and uniqueness. A fun game, 7/10 overall.What I liked:Variety of character typesMore assertive protagonist (compared to most of their games)Lovely artBeautiful BGMWhat I disliked:Inconsistent music loopsShort routes and lack of depthThis game takes place on the same island as The Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuya. Ohgiya is a competing brothel. Characters from the previous game make brief appearances, but not enough to further any storylines from the previous game.I was not drawn to any of the characters at first. The art style is different (I prefer the character designs in Kikuya), which could be why. I also prefered the backgrounds in Kikuya as well. I thought the music in Ohgiya was more appealing though. Unfortunately, the music still pauses awkwardly, just like the other games.What really shined for me in this one was the protagonist. It can be frustrating to play a character that behaves passively. The lead is much more assertive and straight forward than a lot of the ones I'm used to in these kinds of games, which I found refreshing.Sadly, I had a hard time connecting to most of the characters and their storylines in this game. There were too many parallels to Kikuya's characters. I felt like the routes lacked depth, likely due to them having fewer chapters. I also found that even though I liked a character's personality, their storyline was lacking. My favorites in this game were Gakuto and Takigawa.I likely won't be going back to this game too often. Though, it was a nice treat to have after finishing Kikuya! I still thought it was very enjoyable and aesthetically pleasing."
,Recommended,447200,28024821,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bakeneko,"TL;DR:If you're not sure whether to get this one or the original Men of Yoshiwara (Kikyua), you'd probably be happier with Kikuya. There is less content in this version and I agree with those who've said they didn't like it as much as the first. It also still has the poor translation/editing quality that plagued the first. That said, it might be worth picking up on sale.---Overall Impression:Again, it is originally a mobile otome game, ported to PC. The quality level mobile otome needs to have to be accepted is much lower - and this game is not especially well edited, with typos everywhere. The romances didn't live up to the first game's romances (with the exception of one guy, whose story was the best in the series, imho) - but the heroine is much more awesome than the first. I'll be comparing this game to the first game in the series a lot, so be prepared.Content:As with Kikuya, the content rating is approximately ""R-18"". The images hover at around the PG-13 level at the most spicy, but the language can get pretty direct. If you prefer reading ""sweet romances"" with closed door sex/no sex, you will not be happy with this story as sex (as brief as it is) is certainly ""open door"". As for other content concerns, I didn't find it as ""objectionable"" as the first, but will instead give a blanket warning that this is a game written for Japanese sensibilities with an R-18 content level, set in a fictional historical past. In short - if you're not prepared to be at least a little put-off/offended by cultural differences, you'd better just move on because there might be something here that will upset you.Translation: The translation quality itself is not too bad. There was very little that made me stumble in terms of understanding the story/what people were implying with what they said. Unfortunately...Editing: The editing was, as before with Kikuya, pretty terrible. It's not as embarrassing as I found Kikuya's text to be, but there were still lots of typos, missing words/parts of sentences, missing punctuation, confused words (in the vein of their/there); etc.Art: It's sort of a mixed bag, as before. Unfortunately for this game, it appears they cut even more corners. There are fewer unique poses/costume changes for each character, fewer side characters who get sprites (I think there were none, actually, aside from the servant), recycled backgrounds from the first game (which is fine since it takes place in many of the same places more or less simultaniously with the first game), and really sloppy CGs in places. (I was fascinated in a way with seeing stray lines in areas the composition of the image actually drew attention to. I assume the deadline was very close for it to have been left as-is.) Without double-checking, I think there were fewer CGs for each route too. Those complaints aside, the art was still nice.Character Design: I think I overall preferred the character design from this game to the first. The characters were fairly distinct from each other, and even the characters that were in similar roles/positions to the characters in the first game looked distinct from each other. (That said - they do overlap quite a bit.)Story: I draw attention yet again that this is an mobile otome port. The standards between an otome for PC/console and an otome for mobile are vastly different. The writing is ""choppier"" and shorter, meant to be consumed while waiting in line or riding the train or something - so each chapter is quite short and there's no real luxury of a slow boil. Even in the best storyline the game offers (IMHO, anyway), the story proceeds quickly and character development can take a sudden and surprising leap. You have to keep this in mind when judging the work (as you wouldn't really compare a short story to a novel either).Each hero's arc in this game explores the concept of the series premise and how it can bring trouble to not only the man in question, but any woman who might fall in love with a courtesan from Yoshiwara. For better or worse, it's extremely easy to get the ""best"" ending with each hero, so you're probably more likely to have to take the trouble figuring out how to get the mere ""good"" ending instead.I personally didn't find any of the heroes of Ohgiya, bar one, to match up to the heroes in Kikuya. I actually would consider myself very indifferent to most of the storylines and it took me awhile to pick up the game to finish it. For me, Asagiri's (the pretty blond guy who wears pink and purple and smells nice) did, however, make the entire game for me. I'm very glad I left him until last. I might find his route to be the most interesting in the series - but perhaps that isbecauseI had played all the other routes in the series before his and understood the heartbreak of Yoshiwara so well. I can't actually pick out any route in this game as ""bad"", but I didn't enjoy them as much.The Heroine: Unlike Kikuya's ""good-hearted idiot"", this heroine might be shy and obedient, but is overall quite sensible and has backbone. I rather liked her and found her situation of coming to Yoshiwara to conceive an heir for the family business to be more palpable than Kikuya's more awkward situation.In closing...Ohgiya is probably not going to knock your socks off, but if you wanted to experience more in the world of Yoshiwara, I can certainly recommend it for Asagiri's route alone. (Though I'd personally say to play him last.) I would suggest you try to pick it up on sale, however, to avoid disappointment."
76561198023270186,Recommended,447200,22545176,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,BishieFanatic,"Despite the mild grammar errors, this game is just a continuation of the amaziness of the first game >_< Though i am saddened it doesn't have a opening theme song, I am still loving and defiantly NOT regretting my purchase. If you love otome games, if you adore a great and appealing story for each route, then by all means get this game  ^ _ ^ for 10 bucks at sale price, you cannot go wrong!!Edit: I've already played two of the routes so far and the amount of content it has for 10 chapters, a sequel and date scenario is supremely good! I'm REALLY enjoying this game! Defiantly give it a try!"
76561198037349435,Recommended,447200,23857483,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MastemasGirl,"Never played Kikya? No problem this game is its own thing and its all about romancing sexy men selling themselfs for your pleasure. While Ohgiya has better looking men, Kikuya has better plot and writing. I would recommend both games but be warned, this game has some questionable phasing and and janky dialog. It's more like a b-movie, to be enjoyed for its strangness than to be taken seriously"
,Recommended,447200,22754500,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Naruchin ☆,"I was waiting for Ohgiya to come out on the Play Store, since I know that an English version has been available for quite some time on a Japanese equivalent of it. Instead this jumped right on Steam! And I couldn't be more pleased with it.First of all, no need to play Kikuya at all, although having played that before makes the cameos of the Kikuya men twice as funny, because they're so salty you are going to Ohgiya! Kagerou despises everybody. So entertaining. Having the sprites of Kikuya and Ohgiya side to side shows the dramatic improvement in the art (although I have to admit that I liked the old, flashier coloring better). This shows in the CGs as well, not a single one is derpy (can't say the same for Kikuya). Some backgrounds and music are used, but a good bulk of new assets are present as well.Before talking about the routes, shoutout to the MC. Yes, she is inexperienced and easily flustered, but she can put up a fight! And sure, she could be dense but she could also play by the courtesans' rules. And she had eyes in all the CGs! She made me so happy.Now, the men. I honestly can't pick a favorite or rank them. This is actually the first game in which I read all the routes. Coming from mobile, I usually read my favorites and brute-forced my way to the achievements via skipping. Not in Ohgiya! The routes were shorter than in Kikuya, but more concise and to the point. Something was always happening, which is great.- Takigawa is the last one I picked. I don't usually like arrogant types, so I didn't actually expect to like his route so much.  His narrative is a take at the 'I'll make you fall for me' game that rarely works but here worked so well! I was smitten. Really liked the MC in his route (albeit dense, she quickly moved to action).- Asagiri was dazzling. Easily the most charming of the options. A quote of the MC that roughly says 'is Asagiri real or is he a dream?' sums him up perfectly. But because he was so amazing, the MC felt really dull in comparison, and I really couldn't see how he fell for her. That was my only complaint, that he overshadowed her so much she truly felt like nobody and the romance felt a bit forced because of that.- Utsusemi is genuinely a good person and his route suprised me positively. At first I thought he was a weird Okita/Naruto hybrid, and his narrative plays a lot with the concept of family and bonds (and jealousy). Really liked the MC in his route as well. The other guys give him a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥in their routes and it's funny having him as the butt of their jokes XD- Ageha was cute. He cried a lot. He also m'kayd a lot, but the others give him♥♥♥♥♥♥for that. Purity and innocence were the main themes of his route, and I liked the dynamic of the couple. For someone coming from Kikuya, his route is probably the best to start with because it highlights the difference in customs between the two shops. While in Kikuya Iroha was basicall cheering for you and Kagerou, getting together with Ageha will be more difficult.- Gakuto... TW for♥♥♥♥♥♥in his route and idk it all made sense to me, but the ending felt anticlimactic and almost like the game didn't want to go too far. Which I totally get because of the 10 chapters limit, but I still think it could have been handled better and pack a better punch. I liked the MC the most in his route.Can Musashi get a shout out? Poor guy is in love with the MC and has to see her leave every time. I hope his character will be released, I wouldn't mind to pay extra for his DLC.The translation flowed really well, and although there were mistakes (and weird ones... 'needen't' in Asagiri route caught my attention a couple of times) there weren't enough to make me complain. But I'm no native speaker.To conclude: the art is gorgeous and the sprites beautiful; the characters are well developed, have interesting interactions and the MC is a good one; the narratives are all entertaining, and if you want more date scenario and sequel are included; there are more tracks that in Kikuya and they fit the game well. The price is a steal. Must have for otome fans and good introduction for neophytes :)"
76561198098246310,Recommended,447200,22558730,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MillenniumKitten,"So I accidentally left the game running while I went to work, hence the long play period. In all honesty I've probably only played about 4 hours of it, 2 hours for each of the 2 routes that I've played and finished. I completed Ageha's route first and I don't recommend starting with him in all honesty.The game plays like any other visual novel, it took me about 2 hours to complete one route which has 10 chapters and a little ""End of story"" chapter. There are 6 CG's for the two characters that I finished and once you finish a main route you unlock the date scenario and the sequel which I have yet to play around with. I'm a rather fast reader so it may or may not take you longer to complete each route.That being said, the game moves very fast, extremely fast for my comfort. It's not a huge release game like Code Realize: Guardians of Rebirth or any of the Hakuoki games (I highly recommend Hakuoki if you're looking into purchasing this game). I enjoy getting to know my characters, I love to find out what interests them and how different they are from everyone else, I love the build up to the first kiss or even the first time that the main character holds hands with them. I'm a huge VN supporter and that's why I jumped on this title (plus the artwork is gorgeous and I want more).I'll be playing through the end of each route and jumping into their sequels and date scenario, for $10 I recommend it, I'm not sure I'd purchase it at it's full price though just because there aren't that many CG's for each character."
,Recommended,447200,32146999,Posted: 3 June,all,demonic_innocents,A slow but sweet story with plenty of hot guys to go after.
76561198300037680,Recommended,447200,34408230,Posted: 21 August,all,jcmmmjlh,"I like all the characters and the story lines, I just wish they would expand on the adult parts a little more.  (Ooh and a Musashi route would be great too)"
76561198245957518,Recommended,447200,22858267,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ranmaru,"WARNING: Long review, not spoiler-free.I've had my heart absolutely stolen by this series. This game is even worth the full price and I would willingly pay even more for it. I'm right up there with the rest of the reviewers, to admit that this game DOES have its faults. Admittedly, some things didn't bother me for quite some time but did begin to wear on me toward the end.Couple of Cons;- Re-used CG's from Kikuya. (Some were understandable, such as the outer portions of Yoshiwara - but inside the brothels should have been designed differently.) In some areas it was weird, such as Asagiri/Utsusemi/Ageha having the same bedrooms? Even Gakuto and Takigawa had the same room..- The music did become extremely repetitive, after about the first three routes. I wound up muting it in favour of my own music. However, I didn't find it as bothersome as Kikuya's. I actually enjoyed the music for quite some time! The theme reminds me very much of the track played in The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time's Spirit Temple. It's quite nostalgic and very beautiful.- Odd translations, but I would consider this to be a plus. I had a great time screenshotting and making inside jokes about some of the typos! To me, it really added; but to others, it would mostly be a con. However, the translations HAVE improved since Kikuya, but I believe a patch update for some of the worse translations are needed. Proofreading is something that definitely can be worked on in the future.- CG's. I personally felt like the story CG's had a lot less per route than in Kikuya. I haven't confirmed this, but it just felt that way to me. While the artwork and each CG was absolutely beautiful, I feel like there should have been more. It also felt like in areas where there should have been CG's, there weren't. For example, the wedding ceremony of Ageha and Kiyoha - there were several scenes in Asagiri's route as well as Utsusemi's that I truly felt could have been given graphics.- Easily romanced characters. I understand it's not really the type of game, but I feel it would've been smoother to have characters disapprove in some situations. There were instances where Kiyoha was HORRIBLE to them (namely Asagiri). Be it with or without an option, her harsh words never truly affected relationships as much as it should've. Even if it didn't set the likeability back any, you shouldn't even gain 1% in some scenarios. It's pretty hard to get anything but the best ending on your first playthrough, unless you really try.- The outright awful treatment of Musashi and how his feelings were stomped on repeatedly in each route. While I don't believe he should've been romanceable, I was truly upset by how everything turned out for him time and time again. I feel, at least in one of the routes, he should've been able to move on/find some other young lady.- No voiceovers. I thought, for SURE, that Ohgiya would be voiced. I was very disappointed to find out it wasn't. However, I do have mental headcanons for who voice actors would be. (Kenichi Suzumura (or maybe Suwabe Junichi but SuzuKen fits him better IMO) as Asagiri,  Takahiro Sakurai or Hikaru Midorikawa as Takigawa and Daisuke Ono as Gakuto, anyone?)Now, that might seem to be a hefty list of cons, but do not allow that to deter you - there are FAR more pros to this game and to be honest, I think it rivals and even outdoes Kikuya in many ways.A few of MANY, MANY pros this game offers;- Better, updated artwork although the same style. I love how much detail has been placed into their eyes and you notice, especially in Asagiri's route, that his eyes are his charm point - they're practically animated and they truly use this throughout the renders.- I believe there's more than enough save slots which actually let me double-back and re-play Asagiri, halfway through finishing another route.- The plotline and writing. Especially in Gakuto/Asagiri/Ageha's routes. The character development of the courtesans and the heroine was astounding. Each character truly is dynamic and have things about them that make them believable and even real; you're truly immersed in the story. Truly, my only two complaints with the plotline are in Asagiri's route when she lashes out without an option to choose not to. I understand the mindset and plot progression on it, but it was the only thing that really felt rushed and like it was ONLY to move the plot forward. Another was the RANDOM AND COMPLETLY HEARTBREAKING APPARENT DEATH/ATTEMPT ON TOKIWA FROM KIKUYA'S LIFE??? LIKE? It tied in PERFECTLY with Tokiwa's storyline in the first game which just blew my freaking mind. Heartbreaking and totally freaking uncalled for, but perfectly timed.- The cameo appearances of (most) of the Kikuya characters. As far as I recall, Takao, Kagura, Kagerou and Tokiwa all make appearances.- Despite there being quite a few chapters, to be honest, you hardly notice. The plotline flows extremely smoothly from chapter to chapter. Even when there's a cliffhanger or two, the suspense was built for quite some time and you truly fall in love with each character the same way Kiyoha does. They're quite long and they're very detailed, truly immersing you. The romances are slow, believable and downright passionate.- I loved how often the scene changed and how you truly got to explore the world of Yoshiwara.I personally had a VERY difficult time in choosing between all of them. That is one thing I would say I think Kikuya accomplished better; thoroughly introducing the courtesans in the prologue, enough that you felt prepared enough to make a choice. In Ohgiya, I truly felt the Prologue was too short and that they didn't interact enough with the lady. They mostly interact amongst themelves (which is actually nice and I did enjoy that. I actually ship a couple of the men together, whoops! Kikuya didn't have nearly as much interaction amongst the courtesans, in comparison.) But for the Prologue, I feel the majority of the interaction should've been between the men and the lady as you need to see how they interact with her to choose who you wish. I felt a little bit of a pull toward Ageha and Asagiri (who later turned out to be my two favourites) but in the end decided on Takigawa first. Simply, due to him being listed first and knowing how I regretted not playing Takao first in Kikuya.I don't regret my choice, I really enjoyed his route! I then played Asagiri/Gakuto/Utsusemi/Ageha. I do believe Ageha should be played last due to how powerful and sweet his route is; I think Asagiri should be saved second for last. I do recommend playing Gakuto before either Utsusemi or Ageha. As well as Takigawa before Asagiri.(TLDR; I suggest playing in order of: Takigawa -> Gakuto -> Utsusemi -> Asagiri -> Ageha. Takigawa and Gakuto are interchangeable, but Gakuto does throw you in the deep end - so I do recommend Takigawa first.)Okay, enough of my rambling! All in all, I'm very passionate about this game. One of my favourite Otomes, for sure! Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,447200,30784628,Posted: 27 March,all,Loli Chibi,amazing art
,Recommended,447200,22588185,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,GoddessLuna,Went with one of the men thought he was a Gansta but then found out he was nice then found out he wants to murder someone then found myself attracted to him. Then out of no where I am basically making the no no without me wanting to. GG. In all seriousness though game is great got 2 endings so far and cant wait to try out more peeps~10/10 would make love with hot bad boy again.
76561198164803825,Recommended,447200,22624490,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LeviMika,"Bought the game to spend time with courtesans I have to pay for during the game only to want to/have to buy the guy outright I originally bought this game for to be mine. Exclusively. Because, I don't share my bishies, Bisch.10/10 would buy, I mean, love again :3"
,Recommended,447200,22630482,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,arienai,this is my life now
76561198136271833,Recommended,447200,22729615,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MomentWarden,"I haven't finished all the routes, but I can already tell that this game is a lot better than previous one The Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuya. It has less romancable characters, five in all, but their stories are a lot more interesting and less generic. Plus the story flows fluently and the translation is not as akward as it was in Kikuya. The interface is identical in both games, as is music, and the art is equally lovely. It's quite easy to navigate and save your choices at any point, you can also see how much affection you get with each choice, so you won't be left picking a dialogue option blindly.All in all, it's a great adition to all the otome games we have in english to this day. It has less content than a game like Dandelion, but if you want to try a game from this developer, it's a lot better choice than for e.g. Kikuya."
,Recommended,447200,31007383,Posted: 7 April,all,Kayluhh08,"worth the 15.99 in my opinion but wish her bodyguard was an option, also I didn't do the happy endings yet but found it weird that he whole objective originally was to get pregnant but none of the endings I saw had her knocked up."
,Recommended,447200,23820005,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ukelily,"Overall rating, 6.5/10Wait for a sale that will drop it to $10PROS+Heroine is cute and has a strong personality+Can name your character+Attractive character art style+Great concept of male brothels and their purpose'+Achievements+Percentage showing your progress+Unlockable stories+A tiny bit of slight naughty writing for you pervy ones+Nice CGs+THEIR KISSY FACES (HAHAHA 10/10 WOULD REPLAY TO SEE THEM KISSY FACES)CONS-A few grammatical errors (no biggie)-The music ends abruptly and starts as an awkward loop-Quite short-The layout is awful and feels cheap-Typical character personalitiesI personally did not feel immersed into the story like I did with other otome and quickly became bored. If not for the nice artwork, I would not recommend this game.If you want to play a well-made otome on Steam, I'd suggest Ozmafia! or Amnesia: Memories (not the horror game).It's about double the price of Yoshiwara, maybe a bit more, but it is well worth the full price!"
,Recommended,447200,22635728,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kwm021,"This game is like the first game, The Men Of Yoshiwara: Kikuya. The music is used and some of the background pictures. The art work is amazing and beautiful. The characters stories pulls on your heart strings and it's pretty cool how some of the characters from Kikuya is included in a couple of the characters' routes. The thing I was worried about was because their were fewer chapters compared to the first game. I wasn't sure what to expect from the storyline since it was cut down 6 chapter shorter. It didn't really make much difference because I grew to like the characters quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,447200,29152843,Posted: 9 January,all,Izabela Malan,"This game is more interesting than the other Yoshiwara (the routes I played, at least) ... but it's still not great."
76561198070718181,Recommended,447200,24302433,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GayleThePirate,"First things first, you don't have to have played the first one (Kikuya) to understand the story. Some of the characters from Kikuya do make cameos but don't overall effect anything.The story of this game is pretty simple. Pretty much a gender bend of geisha/orian culture with women buying men since men are not often born on the small island. The main character you play as is an heir to a well off family and so she must choose a man to have a child with in order to have an heir for the family. She's not really ready for this sort of thing and drama ensues. That being said, there are sex scenes and the like in this game so if that sort of thing bothers you then be on the lookout, but in my opinion, I've read worse steamy things so I didn't think it was TOO graphic.The characters are intresting and diverse. Usually with otome games, I like when you don't know who you will get so its more like a personality quiz. However, the whole 'choose your man/route' thing makes sense in this since that's literally what the protag is doing too.Downside though is that in this port of the game, there is no voiceover. There are also no bad endings, only the happy and super happy endings, the mobile version didn't include the bad end either and voices either, which this is a port of. With that I can't reccomend getting the game full price unless you can blow that sort of money. But if its on sale, the artwork, story, and music make the game well worth it. Pretty much, if you are interested in the concept, japanese culture, and romance, you're sure to like this game."
76561198076510297,Recommended,447200,22571146,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Jewellyn21,I just finished this game and I think at the end I am fairly well satisfied. I did think that there would be a secret route after finishing all the other routes and was somewhat disappointed that there wasn't. Even so did enjoy the routes I went through. The artwork was very pretty and the music somewhat soothing. The protaganist was also not an annoying or faceless girl like most Otome game protaganists are so that was another plus. All in all this game was worth playing even if it didn't stick out from the other Otome games I've played recently
,Recommended,447200,24361326,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Syvrael,"Overall an okay game with quite different stories for each of the guys, but the protagonist and typos were quite annoying at times."
,Recommended,447200,25316509,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DA_GamerGal,"This game was not as good as the first Men of Yoshiwara, but it is still better than most of their other games. Art is good (as usual) and the music fits the period and mood of the story. I still feel this developer needs to proof-read their visual novels much better before releasing them on steam, and they could do with a better editor, but I did find the game enjoyable enough to play."
76561198299209187,Recommended,447200,25272953,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tenesedra,"10/10 Loved it!One of my favourite otome game so far.Pros+Beautiful art <3+Nice music <3+the mc is not a submissive housewife like in many other otome games.<3+Nice story line.<3+Every guy has different plots and personalities.<3+Steamy scenes.<3Cons-Musashi should have a route. :D- I agree with the music looping, but only with the ""happy moment"" song(if you understand wich one i mean XD). It just  doesn´t feel like it matches with the rest of the music and always starts somehow abruptly.I don´t mind the rest of the songs looping.Actually I love the music chosen for this game better than in kikuya. It felt more apropiate.It makes the sensual and exotic feeling more realistic. <3"
76561198248625400,Recommended,447200,29090157,Posted: 7 January,all,leannewongliying,"I started on this series after completing Yoshiwara Kikuya. The illustrations in Ohgiya have certainly improved tremendously compared to its predecessor, but some routes are a little awkward in terms of pacing and logic. Although the development of relationships leave something to be desired, the CGs and sweet dialogues definitely made up for it. Similar to Kikuya, there are many typos, but these can be overlooked, especially if you just read through quickly.It might just be my personal opinion, but I think that cutting down from 14 chapters (in Kikuya) to 11 chapters (in Ohgiya) have significantly affected the quality of plot development in the main stories. Nevertheless, I would still recommend this game to otome game lovers, since Yoshiwara Ohgiya is one of the best (together with Kikuya) out there! :)"
,Recommended,447200,31656765,Posted: 9 May,all,o0oaurao0o,"My first ever review. I've played a couple dozen dating sims of the like. This is by far the best one. I can say right away most other games from the same company are subpar, but this one (and I'm hoping the other Men of Yoshiwara Kikuya) is the best one written.Yes, you will have to overlook many typos and bad translations. But the general feel of the game, the stories, the characters, the surprise revelations of each storyline were the best written in the genre.The stills and characters are beautifully drawn, but they do not vary a lot. There are some games aimed at men that seem to have a greater variety of images and scenes which kicks the entire dating sim games for women to the curb. The music is also, personally, too repetitive. I cannot stand hearing the same song on a loop for more than ten minutes, and it will take you hours to read each storyline. But, obviously, there's a way to turn the background music sound off and enjoy the game in silence or with your own personal soundtrack.FInally, I wouldn't say the game is worth the full price as it stands at ~18$ CAD. It was worth buying at half price when it went on sale. If you have to buy a dating sim by Dogenzaka, do yourself a favour and buy this one first and avoid all the ones with reviews saying how mysogynistic and abuse ridden they are. Because that is the truth. They are horribly written but for this one."
,Recommended,447200,30158692,Posted: 24 February,all,Veellacy,"Definitely recommended, played one route and the touching storyline & beautiful art style got me hooked completely. Will continue playing other routes in the game."
76561198076193616,Recommended,447200,30252805,Posted: 28 February,all,inaram,DAMMIT GAME WHY WON'T YOU LET ME DATE MY BODYGUARD!!!
,Recommended,447200,28702392,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,flashzone101,Ageha is life.
,Recommended,447200,31541758,Posted: 4 May,all,Schervonne,"The arts are great. It's polished and smooth.Each characters have their own traits and stories.Lowkey smut ;-)I want Musashi to have his own route, I'd understand his feeling and how dissapointed he is not to be able to be chosen as one of the love interest ;-(The writings are okay. Alot of people has been complaining about the translation. It's a hard work for the translator to translate this game and they put so much time and work to it so give them a lil chance will ya?Besides, Dogenzaka Lab is the only company who localized most of their otome games to Steam so we will have alot of choices of otomes. I really appreciate what they are doing.I would recommend if you have a lot of empty times to read (or you like to read) and are an otome games enthusiast who doesn't have alot to complain."
,Recommended,447200,23868328,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,indreamsmaybe,"I bought this game during the steam sale, but I still think it's worth its full price. If it was on mobile, it would have been $6 per route, making it $30 for all the characters main stories alone. Even though the chapters are only 10 (as opposed to the 13 chaps in the first game), I think the length is just right. The first one was a bit too drawn out. The user interface is also vastly improved, so no problems in this area.I have played alot of otome games so far, Ohigya was a surprising hit for me. Although I have only played one route (Ageha) but I am absolutely in love. In just 10 chapters, Ageha managed to stir my heart (oh his personality is far too adorable) and the storyline is really well-written! The CGs are not really to my taste, nevertheless they are still very pretty.The only cons I could think off are slight grammatical errors? I really can't see anything else I disliked.BUY IT. It's worth 10/10! Give the developer some love! :)"
76561198267660944,Recommended,447200,33895816,Posted: 29 July,all,Otome Otaku,"I've only played one route and honestly, it was ok. Not bad but not really that good. I still regard it as a good game even though I won't probably ever re-visit the game. If you;ve already played Amnesia, Nightshade, OZMAFIA!! and Nameless and are just looking for an easy otome to get through until another good one comes out, go for it. If you're looking for in depth stories with great characters and development. Go to the games I previously mentioned."
,Recommended,447200,32995286,Posted: 29 June,all,ViinasuNeko,"Love this game!Although there are some areas of the plot that gave me confusion or makes me kinda want to tear my hair out,i still really enjoyed the gameAlthough it was fun, i actually finished the game relatively quickly.Might be more worth it to buy it when on sale instead of the full price.But other than that, great game! I really did enjoy it and love it! :3"
76561198097629327,Recommended,447200,35489497,Posted: 5 October,all,Milo,Interesting storyplot. A good - light game to play in busy days. Would love to see Musashi route since he seems to be the one knows the main character very well.
