user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,447530,32528752,Posted: 17 June,all,Mashuo,"You know the feeling when you grab yourself a bottle of whiskey, put on your favorite playlist and get all comfortable?Pretty much this game."
,Recommended,447530,23684080,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,moji,it's 7am and i'm drinking vodka and reading pixel anime people talk about clickbait and riots and alpacas and i feel like if i were capable of looking at my life objectively i would regret most of the decisions i've ever made but for now there's just waifus and sick jams
76561198036996475,Recommended,447530,23805434,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Vocal,"You, yes you, the person that is reading the reviews.I envy you because i can't play this game again for the first time.Scroll back up, buy the game, get a drink and take a seat.Enjoy you waifus, music, sex stories, and reflection on your own life at 2am moments.Don't mind the alpacas."
,Recommended,447530,24050397,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Misaka Mikoto,I've fallen in love with a fictional character.Again.
,Recommended,447530,23723943,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,tenyuhuang,"Best Sex Language Synonym Reference Book 2016, 10/10-Nah. Not really.Edit: Upon completing this game, here's something I'll have to claim in advance: while still recommending this great game with an 8 out of 10 and it has quite a solid story, I'll have to admit  that apart from Dorothy's hidden scenario, this game did not dig very deep into its cyberpunk/dystopian background, which is really a pity - and it's becoming the reason to expect another game (more specifically, ASEQUEL!!!!! or prequel) from them :)VA-11 Hall-A - or Valhalla for convenience - while seemingly was a Waifu Bartending Simulation game, is actually somewhatPapers, Pleasewith excellent characters, vivid graphics, elaborated dialogues and not-so-mind-♥♥♥♥ing gaming mechanics.Don't get me wrong: I lovePapers, Pleaseand of course would rather NOT say that one is superior to another; they are both one of their unique kind, but with the very same root - under the daily life of dystopia denizens, truth and conspiracies weave with vague notices in advance; and just before you could think twice things are going really, really out of track.That being said, I mean these two games are very similiar in story-telling: as long as you enjoy taking in all the random, weird stories as a bystander, just to find out that all these fragments come together and form a bigger picture, this game is definitely for you. And you get cyberpunk waifus, a Joshikousei hologram, a pretty cool onêchan as protagonist - and more!Last but not least, the developers of this game are nothing but trulyRESPECTABLE. We have crybabies on Kickstarter and Steam Early Access every focking day blaming everything for their faulty products, while this army of two whinedNOTHINGabout all the ♥♥♥♥-ups in Venezuela unless asked. Game dalayed? Only apologies, no excuses. That deserves a huge fricking medal and Developer of The Year.Grab the game if you want some real relax and good story before they grab Dorothy. And support the developers! They deserve this, Dorothy deserves this."
,Recommended,447530,32665140,Posted: 22 June,all,SimpleMistake,Cracking Open a Cold One With the Boss(´• ω •`)
76561197998127352,Recommended,447530,28396029,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,J.D,"This is a game I will likely never play again. I binged through it in 2-3 days, unlocked all the endings and did everything but beat the damn minigame. BUT MY GOD HAVE I ENJOYED IT! This little visual novel is a treasure and I have loved every moment of it as it told it's story. You've got a large cast of diverse and interesting characters, not so huge in scope that anyone who matters loses screen time and not so small that you feel like you've got just one or two regulars who just show up all the damn time.You play as Jill, you have no control over what she says or does outside of what drinks she serves and what she spends her money on. There's no fanservice (unless the boob jokes and occassional mature conversations count), you only see a character's top half and there's only a few CGs reserved for the intro and epilogue.But believe me when I say that doesn't matter. That level of interaction is enough and the life and personality present in each and every single character means you're just drawn in. You'll have your favourite character or three that you grin every time they show up, knowing you're going to delight in seeing more of their world. You'll have some characters you'll enjoy despite their flaws (or because of it) and you've got a bunch of new world building lore available on your phone every day to help flesh out the world should you choose to indulge.The music was varied enough, the artwork was a treat and the story so engaging and enjoyable I had to burn through this thing in 18 hours stretched over 2-3 days.A word of advice to those who don't want to tread the same ground too many times. There are a few guides that will help with the choices to make for drinks. Aside from the bad ending you can net every extra ending alongside the good one in one run. Of course if you prefer to bludgeon your way through the story time and time again trying to find how to do those endings for yourself, more power to you.$15 is a bit more than you'd spend on a meal. One meal... That fills you up for a few hours. You're getting at least an hours worth of enjoyment per dollar. If you're looking for a good little story to read over a week or two this is a great pick up. Pleasant art, nice music, wonderful story with charismatic characters.Money well spent."
,Recommended,447530,32690086,Posted: 23 June,all,أبو بكر البغدادي,"I wish I had a button to wipe my memory of this game just so I could replay it over and over again.Not really my genre of games, but VA-11 Hall-A managed to make it to my top 10 games of all time."
,Recommended,447530,26018394,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Urist McYellowDucK,"Ignore the anime-esque artstyle or the references to ""waifus"" or whatever on the store page, this is not a meme-infested farce. This simple little bartending simulator has some of the most compelling and interesting characters I've ever seen in a video game. And amazing music to boot.100% chill game"
,Recommended,447530,28063072,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"VA-11 Hall-A is a really amazing Visual Novel set on a retro styled dystopion Future where you Take the role of a bartender called Jill as you serve drinks and listen to the stories of your customers and get invested in their issues, troubles, life, and the lore of the world they live in. The story itself is great as you yourself have your own troubles paying your bills and having enough leftover to survive once the bar closes down. The greatest moment for me in this game is when a character in the game serves drinks to you and listens to your troubles as thanks for listening to her vent about her life.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=796475812I have to say another positive besides the amazing characters, story, and vibe is the soundtrack ! it's just so good! I highly recommend you grab this game even at full price!"
,Recommended,447530,30447430,Posted: 11 March,all,Taterazay,I wanna be a bartender now. Seriously.
,Recommended,447530,28571007,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jelly Croissant,"I usually don't bother with Visual Novels, because I feel they're way too expensive for the amount of content you really get.  But I decided to take a chance with this one because of all the attention it was getting from review sites and from people in general, and I'm so glad I did.The characters are genuinely interesting, even some of the more obscene ones have some kind of likeable quality to them.  They're fully realized, and don't feel like they're there simply to push for some sort of agenda or diversity in the medium which is something ""AAA"" developers seemed to ignore completely.  The bartending minigames add a great dynamic to the story and allow for other endings for the player to explore without sacrificing character writing as the character you play as doesn't change character based on the lines you can make her say, but rather on your actions and management.This game was so engrossing to me that I played it for 9 hours straight after buying it without even realizing it because I was totally involved with the story.If you're relatively new to VN's, like me, definitely try this out.  I got it during the Christmas sale and I would still pay full price for it."
,Recommended,447530,33054259,Posted: 30 June,all,cum hemorrhaging yaoi boytoy,"This game made me cry, gave me a existential crisis, and made me wander around in -30 degree weather reflecting on my life choices and the future I was envisioning for myself.10/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,447530,28767764,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SoulDestroy,"IntroIf you're anything like me, you spend a good portion of your day in agony at the fact that ""you will never live in a comfy cyberpunk dystopia"". The colorful neon lighting, the ivory towers that drape the skyline, the seemingly eternal darkness that shrouds the city, the clash of individuality versus the whole that is readily apparent in every crowded street - there's something strangely comforting in the concept of a ""cold"" society that is reflected both in its politics and architecture. And yet, for the great strides that stories set in cyberpunk settings do to immerse us in their worlds, most don't give us the perspective of living in such a society from the life of an average Jane.Enter VA-11 Hall-A, a visual novel/game that dares to give a human perspective on the usually distanced and sci-fi drenched world of cyberpunk. As a lowly bartender, you'll see your average cyberpunk characters – sentient sex robots, augmented assassins, and unbelievably well-endowed hackers - but in a place where any low-rung member of cyberpunk society goes to blow off steam: a bar. Can you remember the last movie you saw in a cyberpunk setting where there WASN'T a bar scene?SettingGlitch City is one that “shouldn’t exist”. Comprised of a population that are treated as human guinea pigs, Glitch City is used as a testing ground for all sorts of experiments, be them genetic, robotic, and everything in-between. Crimes of all kinds are rampant, and word of a revolution is hinted-at in-between news articles and forum posts by an elite hacking group.Nestled in an apparently-convenient corner of the less extravagant side of the Glitch City is VA-11 Hall-A, a dingy bar that more often than not smells of urine and cheap beer. Not many people come here except for regulars, and the last exciting thing to happen involved at least a week of arduous cleaning. It’s here where your story begins.Story/WritingMeet Jill, our protagonist. In your average story, she would be the minor character to previously-mentioned archetypes’ adventures, but in VA-11 Hall-A, she’s the main focus. She’s a one-hundred-percent average human being(evidently down to her chest size)with an apartment, a cat, a job as a bartender… and not much else. Everything is experienced from her perspective – all that crazy stuff that you’re usually shown first-hand in a cyberpunk story is relayed to her via news and word of mouth. And really, despite the setting, her story is very much like many of our own – a desire to be her own person, and to make up for past mistakes.What’s most surprising about the dialogue, setting, and characters is how contemporary it all feels. From the often shockingly (and admittedly refreshing) crass dialogue that has our characters discussing sexuality, murder, abuse, taboos, and existential crises, to the surprisingly in-the-now references to memes, media and imageboard culture, this game is definitely a product of the 2010s. And yet, while many lesser games would use these cheap references and shock humor as a way to seem edgy, VA-11 Hall-A uses this writing to create unexpectedly lovable and believable characters in contrast to the cynical, bitter world they live in.I didn’t want to give this much attention in the review, but it has to be said because this game happens to be in the minority of those where characters’ sexuality is handled in an interesting, believable way. About half of the characters consider themselves gay or bisexual, but it’s only found out through circumstances or conversations that feel organic and fitting for both the characters and setting.It’s also used as a great source of suggestive fan service, too, so there’s that as well.What could be considered to be a flaw in the story, however, is the amount of plot threads that seemingly go nowhere. As of writing, I’ve only reached one ending, but it seems that besides some character arcs, much of what is hinted at remains unresolved.  However, I contend that this is a story exclusively told from the perspective of Jill, an aforementioned “Average Jane”. I think it’s safe to say that the average person throughout their lives gets a very limited perspective on what’s going on around them, be it headlines in the news or events within their social circle, which is something this game seeks to emulate.And really, that’s what VA11-Hal-A wants to convey: People trying to find happiness and meangful relationships despite their desolate setting. Whatever happens in the distant “outside world” doesn’t really matter – it’s their relationships, their hopes and dreams, that keep them going.GameplaySo after that big section on the story, what of the gameplay? Well, there's just enough to call it a game – although the mechanics in place are definitely something that can be experimented with.  As a bartender, you serve “alcoholic” (I’ll let the game explain the quotation marks) drinks by first listening to the customer’s order, and then discerning what kind of drink they want – they can be as specific as a name or as vague as a flavor – and then going to the recipe book, dragging and clicking on whatever amount of ingredients the drink requires.What makes this mechanic interesting is the varied responses you can get from increasing the amount of “alcohol” in the drink and giving customers different drinks. There are various recipes and orders vague enough to allow you some leeway on what you serve. Sometimes serving the wrong drink entirely can change the topic of a conversation to something widely different. Paraphrasing the developers themselves, it’s a less-generic, less-predictable form of dialogue selection trees that allow players some experimentation.…well that’s how it reads out on paper, anyways. Perhaps it was too subtly implemented, but there’s very little indication or reason to experiment with drinks. I think tying them to specific achievements as it’s done dilutes the sense of player agency and believability this mechanic would provide.Other than that, expect a lot of clicking on dialogue boxes to advance the well-written dialogue, some minor incentives to perform your barterding services well, some very limited apartment customization, and bob’s-yer-uncle, you’ve got yourself a reasonably fleshed-out VN.PresentationThis game is one of the rare few indie titles that uses pixel art that doesn’t just feel like a means to an end. Instead, it looks to emulate the graphical fidelity of PC-98 graphics, going so far as to include scanlines in the options menu. Even if one were to go in without knowledge of that particular brand of retro aesthetic, the character art is incredibly appealing and really drives their individual personalities home. As far as single, static backgrounds go, you can’t do much better than VA-11 Hall-A’s grimy purple walls either.The music, too, seeks to emulate the glory of the PC-98, clearly taking inspiration from title’s such as Snatcher to create a funky 80’s soundscape. It’s a pretty diverse set of tracks that can be meticulously plucked to put into VA11-Hall-A’s jukebox playlist at the beginning of each day. I was bobbing around in my seat a bit more than I’d care to admit.ConclusionFar from the memetic “waifu simulator” that the store page advertises it as, VA-11 Hall-A is an incredibly focused experience from beginning to end, combining witty dialogue with heartfelt characters that will leave you looking back and missing them dearly when it’s all over. It’s one of the few games I can say I wish would have never ended.…Just try playing it sooner rather than later, as I’m not sure how well the humor will hold up 6 months from now.I’m going to marry Jill!"
,Recommended,447530,32316572,Posted: 10 June,all,Pelandes,"A visual novel about a dystopian future with an animesque artstyle and some Papers, Please elements trown into the mix. Ain't we got an interesting premise?This is the story of Jill, a bartender of the VA-11 Hall-A pub (or, since that's a mouthful, the Vallhalla bar) who lives in a world of androids, cybernetic implants, hyperinflation, violence in the streets and a corrupt elite that doesn't care about the populace and governs with an iron fist. But you never see anything of that directly, since the bar she works at is the kind of place where people go to drink their problems away. Much more interesting are the stories your clients have to tell, both regulars and new arrivals, though you cannot help to grasp a few looks of how f*cked up the world our protagonist resides is.The gameplay is utterly simple, and rather scarce, since this is mainly a visual novel, the most you'll do is read dialogue between Jill and the patreons, and between them. The player interactions are basically serve the drinks that the clients order (this is the Papers, Please aspect of the game: you are give a recipe book and a set of ingrediets and tools to prepare the cocktails, although you are never on a time limit and you are only required to get them right or you start losing part of your wages). At times, the clients will be a little criptic with their orders (or get downright riddlely, forcing you to dive into the recipe book to try to guess what the hell are they rambling about), or ask you ""the usual"" (and you have to remember whatever they asked for the most in the last in-game week).The other half of the game consists on managing Jill's expenses outside of work. Jill will often ask for a product that she saw on a shop and she wants, other times you'll be asked to save up for a long-term payment (electricity bill, rent, those kind of things), that you'll have to balance with her short-term everyday wants and needs. You'll also get to surf the internet on Jill's phone for a little bit of world lore (including an online newspaper, a celebrity blog and a reddit parody used mostly by girls).Essentially, this is a game pushing hard for its story and not so much for the gameplay, despite the fact that the few player interactions DO have an impact on the clients' stories, for a little as it might be (Jill is only a bartender serving drinks, after all). Sometimes that will only take throw a little bit more alcohol into the drink that the recipe sais (drunk people tend to talk more than what they would otherwise, but that won't work with the lightweights, who will either leave early or pass out), sometimes serving their favourite drink even if they haven't asked for it, and rarely, giving them the exact opposite of what they ordered if you think is going to be better for them. At the end of the day, the player is the one making the cocktails, and you are free to serve whatever you want for a long as you keep an eye on your finances! This is a game that you play once the way you want and the second time with a guide in hand to get the extra dialogues, endings and achievements you missed.+ Compelling story and world building. True to its anime influences, it gets a little cheeky at times, but I got my fair share of laughs and tears from it, so I call a win for the writters.+ Every single of your patreons is unique and has a story to tell throughout the game. That includes a surprisingly well-endowed white hat hacker, a bounty hunter who has more regrets that he shows, a klutzy but otherwise incorruptible police officer in a city full of corrupt cops, and a sentient adroid who is quite possible the world's most upbeat sex-worker, to mention a few.+ Speaking of characters, Jill is no silent protagonist either. And she has a story of her own to tell, that you'll slowly unravel as the game progresses, and that a savvy player might piece together most of it before it pretty much explodes in the third and last act of the play.+ About ten possible endings to the game, but luckly you won't have to play the game so many times since most of them are not mutually exclusive and you might get multiple ones in one go if you meet the criteria for them.- You'll figure out what most clients want by the second playtrough, and the hints they drop only make sense then. There are a lot more to what they say that what initially seems, but it gets so criptic at times that the only way you have to decipher their dialogue is with the knowledge of what happens latter. Feels like a little bit of a wasted opportunity for smart players to figure out what is going on before the game reveals it to you.- Kind of goes with the last point, but good luck with the achievements if you don't have a guide at hand's reach.- Absolutely no voice acting. It makes sense with how the game is designed (and, as a matter of fact, I had a great time reading the dialogue out loud, giving different voices to each character), but I know that this is a deal-breaker for some people. Be warned.This great and often unapreciated game gets a 8.5 out of 10. I was planning to replay it this summer anyway, and the more people I have to talk about it, the better."
,Recommended,447530,33889041,Posted: 29 July,all,six,"listen, your co worker is a dog wearing a hawaiian shirt and sunglasses. case closed."
,Recommended,447530,23779237,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Miku,THIS GAME IS AMAZINGI MEAN IT MADE ME STOP PLAYING OVERWATCH WHEN I BOUGHT IT SO... IT'S DOIN' SOMETHING RIGHT!10/10
,Recommended,447530,24413363,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Via,"I'm a cute girl serving talking dogs alchohol in a dystopian cyberpunk future, this is what I've always dreamed of"
,Recommended,447530,29134081,Posted: 8 January,all,ｊａｄｅ,I want Jill to step on me
,Recommended,447530,26157665,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,khallizzy,"First things first - there's no way I could recommend this game is for everyone. To people looking for more action in their games, note that the actual gameplay boils down to mixing ingredients to make recipes from a handy dandy menu at its core (with, as far as I can tell, no negative reprecussions for redos or time limits). For people who are used to more in depth VNs, there isn't much in the way of complex branching of paths as best as I can tell. And finally, if anime flavoring or sex jokes make you cringe, you'll probably hate the game before the first night is over with.With all that being said, I found myself glued to my screen as I was playing it. The devs did an amazing job at fleshing out the setting through the plethora of interesting characters that you encounter. Even the simple drink mixing mechanic shined; as it encourages you to remember the favorite drinks and dialogue of some of your customers so that you can make sure that they're happy on a later date. Most of all, though, I just found it super easy to relax while playing this game. The writing is pure dialogue, and reads for the most part like a believable enough conversation; with a varied and ever changing cast contributing to it. Combined with the amazing soundtrack (that you can shuffle around and skip at will), it makes for a great experience overall. I'm really happy to have discovered the game - and I hope there's a sequel in the works!"
76561197996119050,Recommended,447530,23703420,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sephie,"Like a cross between a visual novel and ""Papers Please"""
,Recommended,447530,33918986,Posted: 30 July,all,Misa,i like drawing hentai of jill whenever i get bored so this gets a thumbs up from me
,Recommended,447530,23696376,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,mudjoe2,please help them escape venezuela
,Recommended,447530,24223828,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Almadyne | LilimThings,"I want more of this game and there isn't any more. Please give me more. I'm suffering, i'll make others suffer if I can have more.This game doesn't suck.P-premium time when."
,Recommended,447530,23709306,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,My Very Big Shaco,"Papers, Please : Cyberpunk Weeaboo Action"
,Recommended,447530,30537261,Posted: 15 March,all,itsAmatiramisu,"You'd think a game with the tagline Cyberpunk Bartender Action would be a stupid meme game with ridiculous writing.You'd be both right and wrong.In a dystopian world where everything is purple and there are talking corgis and psuedo-♥♥♥♥♥ communities and outdated meme references, you'll follow the story of a bartender who meets with a colorful cast of characters who are all suffering in their own special way in a world that's truly ♥♥♥♥ed up, in one of the most sad, introspective, and honestly frighteningly realistic explorations into human nature and relationships in the VN genre."
,Recommended,447530,24798360,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Kemo,"It's time to mix drinks and change lives.VA-11 Hall-A is a cyberpunk/dystopian visual novel developed by Sukeban Games. In VA-11 Hall-A you play as Jill, a bartender at the VA-11 Hall-A bar, known by its regulars as Valhalla. Valhalla is located in Glitch City, a city controlled by corrupt corporations and an even more corrupt police force. Through the eyes of Jill you'll come to know what life is like for those who live in the city and you'll hear countless stories, some of which will make you laugh, others that'll make you think.Welcome to Vallhalla.VA-11 Hall-A is, at its core, a linear visual novel with a couple of different paths you can go down (affecting little more than the story). Jill's conversations with her patrons will have slight differences if you serve the wrong drink to someone (or in some cases if you serve them the right drink instead of what they ask for). The game has several different endings, two main endings and then several different endings which are dependent upon interactions with certain characters. Generally I'm not a fan of story-driven games where your actions have no consequences but VA-11 Hall-A tells such an excellent story, and is so well-written that I didn't mind at all that it was linear. The only issue that crops up with its linearity is that subsequent playthroughs (if you're looking to get all the achievements) may not be as enjoyable as your first run.Despite being a visual novel, VA-11 Hall-A does have some gameplay. When a patron at the bar orders a drink, a screen comes up with the mixing recipes for all the drinks (well maybe not quite all of them) on the left hand side of the screen and the right hand side is occupied by the actual drink mixer. This part of the game is surprisingly enjoyable, though it can get a tad repetitive later on. Whenever a customer orders a drink (providing Jill isn't distracted) Jill will have a line which either tells you exactly what the customer wants or it'll tell you what they've order and hint at what drink they may actually be after. I found the most enjoyable orders to be the ones where the customer asks for something along the lines of ""the usual"". Orders like these challenge what you know about a character and whether or not you've been paying attention, though you could just look up the answer in the forum if you're stumped. The characters who appear often enough to have a usual drink are generally the characters who appear most often and are therefore the most fleshed out, they're the characters who really paint a picture of Glitch City.The greatest thing about Glitch City and its inhabitants is that they feel real. Even VA-11 Hall-A's most ridiculous character feels real because he fits within Glitch City which, through the complaints and comments made by other characters, feels real. Glitch City, and many of the characters, start out as mysteries that you as a player will unravel as you progress through the game. It helps make the game even more compelling for its more curious players. By the time I finished my first playthrough of the game I felt like I really knew Glitch City and those who lived there.Speaking of finishing playthroughs, once you've finished your first run you can start a New Game+ mode which is designed for players who want to get all the achievements/see the endings they haven't yet seen. With NG+ you start from the beginning of the game with your leftover money as well as any items you bought. This makes chasing down the other endings easier, especially if you got the Bad Ending for your first run like I did. NG+ also allows you to purchase the remaining songs from the in-game shop with the money you earn as Jill, you'll need all of the music for one of the achievements.Even if you aren't chasing achievements, you'll want to buy all of the music in VA-11 Hall-A because let me tell you, it's an absolutely fantastic soundtrack. I've never been a huge fan of synth music but not only does VA-11 Hall-A have a great soundtrack, it also has a soundtrack that fits in perfectly with the game world. At the start of each day and after each break you choose twelve songs to play on the jukebox and you can then shuffle, skip etc whenever you want to while you're talking to customers. From the tracks I've heard so far none of them have lyrics which means they work perfectly for ambient music but they're also enjoyable to listen to by themselves if you're a fan of synth or just a fan of game soundtracks in general.The game's visuals are also excellent. The art style fits in well and the bar is very well designed, it really makes you feel like you're in this cyberpunk world. All of the character images are well designed, there were a couple I didn't really like but that just comes down to personal preference rather than it being a case of poorly designed characters. VA-11 Hall-A has scan lines, I think they make the game look even better but they can be turned off if you're that way inclined. The UI is also well designed, it's nice having the mixer station always visible and it leaves plenty of room for the on-screen characters and dialogue box.VerdictVA-11 Hall-A is an absolutely fantastic visual novel set in a well thought out cyberpunk dystopia and it may just be one of the best story-driven games I've played. Even the light gameplay elements in VA-11 Hall-A are enjoyable. If you're a fan of story-driven games then this is an absolute must have even at full-price.Lone Ranger Reviews.El K."
,Recommended,447530,24070237,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ruffle Rug,"I seldom write reviews.I probably never should write anymore reviews, if only because I tend to go on forever and never stop.VA-11 Hall-A managed to occupy my attention for three nights straight. I was also drunk on two of these nights and yet managed to mix the required drinks correctly - part of this can be attributed to the amazing music present in-game, which has introduced me to a genre I never knew existed.Back to the game at hand - being someone in the service industry myself, the feel of ""Jill"", the bartender whose eyes you look through the game with, is stunning accurate. You don't ask too much, you're nice to the people who aren't asses to you, and you have your own issues to deal with... As do most of your clientele.The atmospheric suggestion of how some people in your immediate vicinity are not who they seem to be - and your subsequent decision to not care (or be generally oblivious) beyond pouring as much Karmotrine as you can into their drink is real, but at the same time engaging.The game is not without its flaws, however - I was very disappointed by the length of the game, and was actually somewhat angry when it ended - not because the ending was abrupt or poorly-written, but simply because I would have willingly suspended meals just to sit through more of the story.In a sense the game is but a small segment; a screenshot of what had happened ""in the life of"" Jill over a short month, and a constant reminder that almost everyone and everything has its own story to tell - and I am grateful for having the opportunity to have looked through this small window. If there were more games made in this genre, I'd gladly play them - if only because a lack of direct interaction and deeper conversation seems to be what ails the current state of the human condition.TLDR: You guys making more? I'd like a preoder sheet please."
,Recommended,447530,28838809,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,' Snowical,"Ever finished a game, book or movie and go “What do I do now?” VA-11 HALL-A fits that description perfectly.First of all, lookelsewhereif you're expecting an in-depth review. The reasons being a) I'm  bad at doing analysis and critique,andb) I feel the need of leaving a positive review for the sake of giving the game a well-deserved thumbs-up.A demo of the game can be found here, which I suggest you give a try before laying your hands on the actual game. Don’t worry, the events in the demo doesn’t take place in the actual game, so you won’t get spoiled (or have to replay if that’s your concern).Please do not be put off by the fact that it’s a visual novel. Sure, you’ll be reading a lot. Yes, many visual novels don’t really give you a proper gameplay outside of a handful of dialogue choices. Maybe it’s hard to find events interesting due to reasons such as aesthetics or setting. As you see, there are many more reasons to why you may or may not like the visual novel genre. If I had to put the game into words: The game plays as a social sim that uses visual novel elements, rather than being your traditional visual novel.Now then, what makes this game so special?Coming from someone who plays and have played a handful of visual novels, it was a unique experience of some sort. The world felt more alive and immersive compared to most visual novels. The retro-esque aesthetic and amazing soundtrack sets the mood and atmosphere of the game. It didn’t feel like I was someone random playing a game, but more as the bartender interacting with the customers and people around her. Now, it's not that uncommon in visual novels to play a common route before it branches out to route with one of the (few) characters, leaving the remainder of the cast as fodder. That is not the case in this game, as characters re-appear and most, not all admitedly, play a significant role in your daily interactions. It is worth mentioning that the characters are full of life and well fleshed-out. The choices in the game come in form of serving drinks; you are the bartender after all.How can something like that feel immersive one might wonder?The game starts off by just putting you in the game without any knowledge of the characters. You don’t know your boss, that blonde customer or that red haired robot, hell you don’t even know yourself. As the game progresses you slowly get to know the bartender and, in turn, both you and the bartender get to know the customers with help of the conversations. Eventually familiarizing you with them. The drinks they like, what they dislike, what to serve and when to serve it, as if you were the bartender herself.Throughout the game, there are many emotions displayed by both you (the bartender) and the customers. You’ll end up sharing laughter, anger, andmaybe even sadness. You’ll come to understand how the world and the city are portrayed and the effects and aftermath of events that unfold in the game.Quick summarySoundtrack:Great!Composed by Garoad and is very reminiscent of 80s synthpop music. Sets the atmosphere with its upbeat to relaxing soundtracks.Gameplay:Immersive!Storyline/Setting:Interesting!Characters:Funny!Take myreviewwith a grain of salt. Have a look at others before you make up your mind. In my opinion, it's definitely worth the time and price for such a unique experience, but as I mentioned earlier:Please play the demo if you're on the fence. Should you not find the demo interesting, you will definitely not find the base game interesting and that is completely fine. I suggest having a look at other games if that would be the case, be it other visual novels or just games outside the genre."
,Recommended,447530,34531939,Posted: 27 August,all,fatcat,/comfy/
76561198147140160,Recommended,447530,26221759,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Player_1,"""It’s not so much about taking cues from our culture but rather our lifestyle. This is a hard place to live, there’s always a roadblock to achieve your dreams and I think there’s this pattern in our characters and stories in which they’re always in trouble, but they try to keep a smile and go on.""—Christopher Ortiz, Artist & Designer of VA-11 Hall-A.How much could a game about serving people drinks and chit-chatting with them possibly have to do with the philosophical question about the human condition? Except, you know, way less pretentious and more humane than how I am presenting it to you? Well, I dare say ""VA-11 Hall-A"" is a good answer. A weird one, but good.I already explained the game to you in the first sentence, and there really isn't much more to the gameplay than mixing drinks and slightly steering the conversation on a ""hit and miss"" basis, managing your money to avoid being evicted from your apartment, trying to dodge the bad ending (yes, multiple endings, my friend), and delving into the world-building of this Cyberpunk playground, as the stories of your friends and clients unfold and tangle with yours, Jill Stingray, the bartender.The world is not okay. At the end of 2069, living in Glitch City, a corrupt and decadent city-state, you find yourself living in a small appartment and working in a bar with the best boss ever and a co-worker who ""looks like a John"". Life could be worse, could be better. As you service the clients as they come in you start to realize the variety: detectives, robots, hackers... and you start to wonder what might be your own problems as you hear theirs.And just as the quote in the beggining of this review, underneath all the jokes and smiles, the genuine feeling of belonging to the misfits that are trying to wash away time, memories and problems, or also celebrating them with alcohol, you can't help but feel the sadness that lies in each one of them, buried away in the moment, but always there, penetrating the present. Sometimes it'll take you some time to notice it. Other times, it will be more than obvious. All the times, the only choice these people have is to smile and keep going. You will laugh with them about the absurd troubles of the world, but also maybe shed a tear or two about how all-too-human living can be.The ""waifus"" of the game are way more than just the eye-candy self-appointed names aswaifu bartendingorwaifu abusecomically suggest. A lot of passion and care was taken in developing the characters. You will fall in love with their complexity, oozing with intriguing personality and how they paint Jill's everdyday life with their quirks, problems and aspirations. The world in itself is amazingly fleshed-out, too, and informing yourself deeper about it is entirely OPTIONAL, if you just want to get down to the bare bones through conversations.The very heart and soul lies, undoubtedly, in the dialogue Jill has interacting with everybody, and what an entertainment that is. My personal suggestion is to grab yourself a drink as you play along and cheer her on as you do yourself the favor of getting her through her curious night shifts at VA-11 Hall-A."
,Recommended,447530,29180282,Posted: 11 January,all,Kazahana,"Waifus, booze, cyberpunk, and crippling depression.  Why would you want more?"
,Recommended,447530,23707591,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,hak,I'm going to marry Dorothy!pls buy this game to help the developer move out of venezuela
,Recommended,447530,33578050,Posted: 15 July,all,zdy.gary,Dorothy.
,Recommended,447530,34702304,Posted: 2 September,all,General Custer,"Jill is objectively the best girl; if you disagree, your opinion is wrong."
76561198055647976,Recommended,447530,29248704,Posted: 14 January,all,ColonelCluckers,Jill best girl.I will personally fight you over this.
,Recommended,447530,29732077,Posted: 5 February,all,A D E G G,there's a doggo in a hawaiian shirt and waifusso many waifus
,Recommended,447530,23783005,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Yeah,VA-11 Hall-Ais a really fun and chill experience.Some have compared it toPapers, Please- which isn't the worst comparison, but there is substantially less 'game play' inVA-11 Hall-A. This title is essentially an interactive visual novel; a hybrid really. Overall it is very well done and is quite amusing. One thing that really stands out is the universe setting feels great, and is really fleshed out well.Essentially, you are a bartender and will wade through and experience an onslaught of dialogue - with little bits of drink mixing thrown in.There aren't diaglogue choices, mind you - its just reading chit-chat. Its fun. The characters are well done and are interesting. The whole thing builds on itself. There are multiple endings (so I hear). The drink mixing is almost token because it issoeasy. Laughable, really.Pros:+Great artwork and music that just make for a relaxing experience that is really enjoyable+Overall, the dialogue and characters all work together well and build the story together+While the drink mixing is debatably 'fun' - it certainly makes this more of a visual novel hybrid by adding in game play elements+There is a small shopping experience and putzing around on your phone and exploring universe lore that is cool enoughCons:-Just a small bit of the dialogue feels overly sexual - or maybe just slightly 'forced' as far as making the conversation 'dirty' (like, maybe some people talk like that, but not many over the age of 15)-There is certainly a lot more potential for increased interactivity, which would be welcome (oh idk maybe adding more things to the bar, learning new recipes, getting new equipement to aid you, etc.)This is a great experience that can totally suck you in.I'm not even into visual novels - at all. Throw some headphones on, pour a drink, dim the lights, and just let the story roll."
,Recommended,447530,25262360,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,sorathecrow,"I mean, it's good.  Worth the price of admission.  It's a solid slice-of-life story in a cyberpunk setting.  But it just ends.  It's just chugging right along, characters are built up, relationships developing, the world getting more and more colorful as it goes, and then *screeeech* we hit the breaks and roll credits.  It was absolutely good for what it was, but it could have been about twice as long without adding any new characters or anything, just taking their existing character development and relationships a leeeetle bit further.It really just needs a ""volume 2"" that picks up right after the last main scene, but before the ""endings.""  Because I'd really like to see more of the characters and see the writers use all of the foundation they laid with all of this to maybe form some other plotlines."
,Recommended,447530,34243387,Posted: 14 August,all,Lewdis,If only my real bartending job was as fulfilling.
,Recommended,447530,30034562,Posted: 19 February,all,Producer-san,"VA-11 Hall-A, also known as Waifu Bartending, is something I personally wouldn't pass up on. In short, it delivers a relaxing story with a few influential factors for you to pick from, which then influence the outcome of the game. Said experience is delivered with humor, interesting dialouge and plenty of content that lives up to the price this game has. (Especially after the prolouge being added.)Going into a more in-depth look, there definitetely is more to talk about than just that, of course.You are playing Jill, being the Bartender of a place that is called exactly like the game, then providing the drinks that are ordered from you. In exchange for you doing your job, people will more or less enroll their backgrounds to you, chatting about their lives, work, events or other things that are going on around the city.As you listen to the folks, you generate income, especially when serving the right drinks. Some customers may prove a bit trickier to please than others, so the player also has to make sure to remember core-features about every customer they serve.But in the end, the most important thing to mention is:Mixing drinks to change lives does not take up the biggest portion of the game.What I am trying to say with this is, that you will find yourself serving drinks inbetween without them taking up the major part of the game. The dialouge between characters and the player is what gives this its content. It is a Visual Novel with a simulation aspect to it. If you are looking for something where working on customer's orders is most appealing, I suggest not taking this as your first choice.That out of the way, it leaves me with another fact that has to be pointed out.VNs usually come with a high price. I will not call out any game about this, but I feel like the content-to-price factor usually is quite imbalanced in terms of what hits the market on Steam. With VA-11 Hall-A, which costs 14,99€ without a sale going on, there is a demonstration about how a proper balance of said factor can look. It is safe to say that you get what you will be paying for, if not even more. The effort put into this seems to be far up there, which I can't say for other, more expensive VNs on the market.But in terms of effort I don't just mean a rich dialouge or a lot of content. I mean the whole thing as a whole! Graphics, music, sound and the immersion once all these things get combined are a great influence to summarize what I mean.A fair chunk of the story will be streamlined and also will repeat itself throughout the second playthrough. This doesn't automatically mean that replaying will be something that can be considered useless. Special or successful orders will result in you branching off into different arks of the character's background/responses, then also bringing previously unseen scenes and endings to you. Getting all of this in one playthrough is not possible without a lot of savestates either.As the bottomline of this review I must add that I had no perfomance related issues or bugs either. No crashes, weird errors in dialouges, freezing or unforseen consequences happened for me throughout the whole experience. I am not eliminating the fact that it's bug-free by saying that, I am sure there always are glitches that lie somewhere once you try hard enough.If you made it this far, congratulations! I hope I was able to give you some insight about what to expect from the game. Thank you for your time and enjoy the game, should you get it!"
,Recommended,447530,27336627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Akka,"Best OST of 2016A VN with a bartending minigame sprinkled among the long blocks of text.The music alone is enough to seize my attention. Even if you have no interest in reading, do yourself a favor and look up some of this game's outstanding soundtrack.The story itself branches off in a lot of directions at once, characterization evenly spread among the cast of over a dozen characters. I love piecing together the subtext to understand the unique aspects of this cyberpunk dystopia. I absolutely love the humor, perhaps the only game that uses memes correctly. (By comparison, Watch Dogs 2 is doing it wrong).I would love to read through another sequel. The game ends after resolving the main character's conflict, but I'd like to see more of the side characters. A sequel in another bar is absolutely in order. I'd preorder that instantly."
,Recommended,447530,28783527,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,7IW3,Simply AMAZINGPros:-Waifus-Amazing Characters-Amazing Visuals-Amazing Soundtrack-Amazing StoryCons:-You can't romance said waifus
,Recommended,447530,34986917,Posted: 15 September,all,shin // 신,"My daily life is often crippled with anxiety and major depression. I often feel guilty for treating or trying to enjoy myself, and I am very nervous about the future and all that at times. With that said, this game has really helped me calm down and just relax. It's memorable and funny characters, beautiful soundtrack, and aesthetically appealing art-style/graphics all make it the perfect mix to ease such negative things off of my chest. No other game can really do that for me as much as this one does.And, when it says in the introduction that it's best played when drinking something and having snacks, it really does mean it. I personally drink tea while having a fan on low blow towards me while playing it. That, plus the combination of playing at night, is the best experience to have while playing this game."
76561198035866887,Recommended,447530,23721863,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zoo'oob,Its good. Buy the game so two anons from Venezuela can make more games.
,Recommended,447530,32752667,Posted: 24 June,all,Shioame,"So, you see ""Overwhelmingly Positive""I usually don't take this serious. Lot of the times it's for joke games, because even a good game has issues that bugs me to hell.Well you know what, Va11halla delivers. Description of the game doesn't describe how exceiting this game really is. Actually, first 10 minutes can be boring. Why, because its tutorial. Every tutorial is boring, like a teacher telling you how to do things.  But once you pass day 2, you'll know why this game is fun- you aren't the typical harem-mono average guy that somehow attracted to several gals for god know why, you are just a bartender, listening to people's life-Wait, why is that even sound exciting? Because the game goes like this- instead of having 1 storyline, the game progresses several chunk of storylines, crossing between bunches of characters. If you actually read the dialogue, you'll notice that someone is talking about someone else. Perhaps, though, customer in front of you don't even realize that. And best of all- you have no option to choose dialogue. Sounds limited to you? Well, what if I said the dialogue can change depending on how drunk they are? Toss'em something strong, and let's ruin their day!Also, anygame with Shiba dog with sunglasses deserves Overwhelmingly Positive reviews.I talked long enough. Can I get another Piano Man?"
76561198255976008,Recommended,447530,31832771,Posted: 18 May,all,Glaceon,"""8 out of 10 smug asshoIes would recommend this game but they're too busy being smug asshoIes."""
76561198136798545,Recommended,447530,32227543,Posted: 6 June,all,ArcaneKnight644,"This game has an atmosphere of a calm environment, and a pretty cool sideplot. All in all, for a game about serving drinks, paying bills, and listening to people; I actually enjoyed it."
,Recommended,447530,23712836,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sinnie,"I personally don't like visual novels that much but VA-11 Hall-A is really captivating: beautiful art, perfect soundtrack, brilliant dialogues. It's full of atmosphere yet lighthearted and sure to make you feel happy or sad for characters."
76561198051384176,Recommended,447530,26481932,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"As a Bartender Student, this is a good tutorial example of what you might deal with if you ever work in a downtown bar. Also trying to figure out and guess some drinks for the client with minimum clues or memory of what drink they like and its serving.There are also interesting choices of Alcohol drinks in the Menu with description added to it incase a client wants a preferable though some might go into a guess.Now as for the story. God damn the way how they tackle so many truthful main points of life. I feel very much depressed. Lots of Funny, Sad, Horror, Depressed, etc etc comes in and out the discussion with your client. It makes you question not only the game but also in real life. Very original and interesting.Visual and Music is splendid and appealing to the eyes and ears. You even get a jukebox and set the music for the bar.Its more like an Interactive Visual Novel. You interact with the Clients, Mix drinks and buy furniture to decorate your apartment room. Buying Furniture before going to work is actually important because Jill (You) will start to lose focus/mood and you'll forget what drink your client wants or lose any helpful tips.There is also paying your rent so don't overspend from what you earn each day working at the Bar.Each Client is unique and interesting and their story is very intriguing.Steam Trading Cards - Booster Pack cost 1200, 5 Cards for a Badge, 5 Emoticons/Background. Here is the Link if you are curious how it looks like for what you get from Crafting and Price.http://www.steamcardexchange.net/index.php?gamepage-appid-4475302 Example Ingame Screenshots.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=795696909http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=795697009Very highly recommended. Because at the time I created this review, I just played 9 hours Straight, skipping Breakfast and Lunch.........................."
,Recommended,447530,32769045,Posted: 25 June,all,Dispooky,karmotrine machine broke
76561198068589368,Recommended,447530,26483590,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Rational Thinker,"This game is the realest thing you will ever see.Be depressed about life's hardships, laugh at the crazy every day occurences, be lulled into a sleep-walk by meaningless conversations that won't go anywhere, and cry tears of bitterness when your faith in humanity is shattered then turn right around and cry tears of joy when it's restored.This game is basically just real life with all the boring bits cut out."
,Recommended,447530,28272277,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ruiner,"I love this.I never expected to be this hooked on a visual novel-esque game.This was also an unexpected place to get some advice with regards to relationships and life decisions. One could relate to one or more characters in the game which makes this really immersive, fun and fulfilling. I hope there would be a sequel.I honestly can't express how I love this game in a more convincing manner. Just play this game, it's worth every second and penny. This game needs more praise than it deserves."
,Recommended,447530,34306652,Posted: 17 August,all,MONKEY MAGIC,>Be me>Browsing on steam.>See a game about making drinks in Cyperpunk world.>Seems gud> Buy game and a hell of alot of drinks.> Start the game.> So far so good.>Serves drinks without fail. No one will stop my rent being payed.>Meet a bunch of intresting Characters Including a Sex robot. Seemsgud>Protag keeps wanting♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy it for her anyway. She works hard.>Realise that I am playing a job simulator.> Dont care. 8/10 Large beers
,Recommended,447530,23685811,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,belkun,"literally the result of what would happen if undertale was pandering to *4*chan* instead of tumblr10/10 soundtrack, waifus and memescomfy/10"
,Recommended,447530,29744131,Posted: 6 February,all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,For a game about being a Bisexual Bartender in a dystopian cyberpunk world it's rather good.
76561198066825395,Recommended,447530,23782686,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,That Giant,"forget the sale, grab this now"
,Recommended,447530,24155713,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Musiic,"Buy the game, help the dev move from Venezuela.Simple."
,Recommended,447530,23685780,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Dreadlord Jaina,"I love everything about this game.  The writing, the visuals, all the cute robot girls.And it was beautifully handcrafted by some /v/ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ers that live in a country without steady access to toilet paper that is run by a bus driver.If I could give Sukeban Games even more money and a hug, I would.  Thanks guys. <3"
,Recommended,447530,30627963,Posted: 19 March,all,Hetza,"Pros-waifus-loli-lots of easter eggs-badass Boss with robo arm, is she? THE BOSS?-MGS reference-waifuscons-the story's gud but not solid enough-never seen Lilim species nipples-not made by Hideo Kojima (jk)tips-put Karmotrine as much as you can when there's an option."
,Recommended,447530,32788059,Posted: 25 June,all,CS1,"VA-11 Hall-A is a good game to sit back and relax to. It plays more like a visual novel than an actual game, but it has very minor gameplay elements sprinkled throughout which are paced well enough to keep you engaged but not without breaking your immersion. The story covers enough to be interesting, and leaves enough to the imagination to keep you thinking. It's not going to change your life, but if you want a nice relaxing game to keep you occupied for around 10 hours, I strongly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,447530,23919534,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,yung kwan,The best part is that you can love all the waifus and they don't die
76561198146670896,Recommended,447530,33451849,Posted: 11 July,all,Smoothlad,"Over the years there were many takes on the genre of cyberpunk in every medium imaginable some of them were good some were bad and some were just downrigh bland, this game proved that you dont need to slap neon signs and grimdark elements on your story to make a compelling Cyberpunk story which everyone is gonna take seriously.Va-11 Hall-a is about bartending, you serve a drink and hear your clients rant stuffs  and since there is no optional dialogue involved you have to use your bartending """"skills"""" to interact with your clients, the game pulls that off pretty well I guess.Now this game is defined by its set of characters most of the characters are two dimenional archtypes with their own backstory but each of them have their own arc and involvement in the story, they contribute a lot to the world building of the entire game which is always on point but still does a fantastic job.The character of Jill is supposed to be the lead of the game, but her arc is very simple which doesnt neccesarily means that its underwritten, Jill is not a ex-assassin working as bartender or anything she is an everyday girl has her own Mundane problem just like the other characters in-game,the only reason she is our protagonist because we play as her.Its a fantastic twist on the genre which was always filled with neon soaked streets, mysterious characters and rainy nights,its not riddled with any sort of false pretense but asks the right questions and even answers some of those directly to the audience,you can feel that the story was written with a heart and all the characters and their problems are so relatable yet they are way too distant and beyond our lifestyle and automatically sets the comfy atmosphere the game is trying to evoke withing you.The soundtrack in this game is fantastic, its not typical synth bashing but its very old school japanese VN esque soudntrack which also contributes a lot to the game's tone.Well this game is optimistic as ♥♥♥♥: its really about not letting yourself down and being as happy as you can even in your worst possible moments you should not feel discouraged and defeated.This was one of those game which I was afraid to finish because if I do I will just end up feeling empty because I will never experience this game like the first time.STOP THINKING AND GO FOR THIS ULTIMATE /WHOLESOME/ EXPERIENCE.Pros:+great characters+/WHOLESOME/+Sei and Dorothy best girls+a very smart twist on the cyberpunk genre+effective and smart world building+fantastic ideaCons:-there is no involvement after a couple of sessions(I can understand that I have to use drinks to push my client's buttons but optional dialogues would have really helped)-gets repetative because of its over simplistic gameplay(I want to get all the achievements but I don't feel like sitting through all that dialogue that I've already seen)-Little to no replayability unless you are a completionist sort of guy-dialogues are sometimes a bit unrealistic, especially when they are trying to serve the worldbuilding.All in all a great game and thanks to Sukeban games for this wonderful experience which comes with positive form of depression,you majestic ♥♥♥♥ers."
,Recommended,447530,24154285,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,yenni,"rated T for ""Too dank memes"".That aside, it has some really nice characters, pretty decent sitcom and wonderful soundtrack.Would definitely recommend it to anyone caring for a well-set cyberpunk atmosphere.Upd: Prologue when?"
,Recommended,447530,24269668,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,priv_bryan,"It's time to mix drinks and change lives.""Welcome to Valhalla"" are the first words you hear when walking in. You see a bar. A few patrons scattered about in booths, and the bartenders are making banter with a few of the guests. The smell of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥lurks the air and jazz permeates the room.You are now in the comfy world of VA-11 Hall-A.aka dokidoki bartender actionPlayascomfyThe game advertises itself as a cyberpunk bartending game. However, in terms of actual gameplay and mechanics, the 'game' part comes off as very light. The interactions come from the drinks you serve to your patrons. Mentioned patrons you should, as well as want, to get to know very soon in the next 14 hours of game to optimize the drinks you serve to them. This combination combined with great world building makes this my favorite game of 2016.ReadthecomfyAs mentioned before, the game part is very light. The game is in pseudo visual novel format, and the decisions aren't as direct as a question with four answers. Instead, you treat your patrons. Treat them right, as in serve them the right drinks at the right time, and you'll be rewarded to entertaining dialogue and great banter. The world is built around what you read, and catching all the juicy bits of dialogue is worth the 2nd or 3rd play through. I mean this. The level of world building is top notch. I've never been this invested in a world I haven't evenseen nor interactedwith, yet I wish I was there to see the horde of shiba inu in business suits ordering drinks and making a mess of the bar. I'm not making that up, it happened. In the game. I'm way too invested in this. With everything going on outside and around the bar, the experience becomes that much more personal with the patrons and yourself. I've grown fond of all the characters so far; except for the ginger♥♥♥♥♥♥head I hate him he sucks. The writing does a great job of making you care, much kudos to the writer once again. I've already tweeted my thanks to these guys, but I'll mention it here again. The characters are realistic, and I found them to be very relatable. Expect a few bits of wisdom here and there. I am impressed. There was a time I was even genuinely worried about a character because of the events transpiring in game. Not knowing the whereabouts or even if you're going to see a certain character again was very stressful for me. Bravo.HearthecomfyThe soundtrack is controlled through an in game jukebox, which I thought was very clever. It made sense within the context of the game, and allowed me to choose whatever tracks I wanted. The only problem with it is the 5 second buffer to load the preview for a song. I hated that, but I suppose it was needed somehow. Despite what some say, the music does change to the situation. This happens mostly outside of work whenever the mood changes. Lots of mellow electro beats and whatnot, it is the future after all. Pretty good stuff, ""Welcome to VA-11 Hall-A"" is always my first track. I actually have a friend who just turns on the game just to listen to the soundtrack while he does other stuff.Buythecomfytl;drFor 15$, you get the comfiest game to ever exist. If you aren't into a game because of it's anime aesthetic, then that sucks for you enjoy your stuffy uncomfortable hell.If you like waifu pandering visual novels with great storytelling and a clever setting that is clearly worth more than 15$, I definitely recommend this. You won't regret reading this ever.As of now, this is my favorite game of 2016.Oh, also this game will reference a lot of things. b prepared"
,Recommended,447530,28625407,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cobalt Thunder,"Holy crap, this game. I'm usually pretty picky about VNs and am not easily absorbed into one. But this game...The art style, the music, the character depth, and the attention to detail that sucks you into this fictional cyberpunk world = Perfection. The humor is also abundant without being forced, which is also another major plus.Tag it. Bag it."
76561198005682450,Recommended,447530,23818498,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ciellia,"Ok, I'll be honest, I didn't put much expectation into it at first glance as I thought it's  just another random generic indie game with japanese anime girl fanservice...However, after getting used to the (very simple) mini-game mechanic, this game has surprised me with its *Great* writing and characters, as well as just-awesome-enough world-building. You really *do* feel like experiencing a life as a bartender in at cyberpunk world. So far, this is my best purchase of the year.Do keep in mind though, despite set in a cyperbunk dystopian world, there isn't anything hardcore or grimdark. The entire game is more of a relaxment, or a light-hearted visual novel that will make you immerse into the daily story of the characters, and will make you lost the count of tme.Overall, 9.9/10"
,Recommended,447530,33194457,Posted: 3 July,all,Sonnenbrand FC,Cracking open a cold one with the girls on a Sunday night
,Recommended,447530,23786096,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rybec,"After working all day you get to sit down and browse /u/ until it's time to work again.N-nobody would do that, right?"
,Recommended,447530,33147235,Posted: 2 July,all,Dog Leech,"Va-11 Hall A is a special game. Despite its limited gameplay mechanics, it sucks you into a fascinating world. You are not responsible for saving the world; you just make the drinks, and lend an ear to your patrons.It leaves you craving more, and sparking your imagination."
,Recommended,447530,23897541,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,StormShaun,"A small shot in a large barAnd by that, I mean it's a sweet, small story in a unique, big world.Keeping it short, you see through the eyes of Jill, a cool, calm bartender that lives in a post-dystopian city. From there, you serve at VA-11 Hall-A, to regulars and new patrons alike. Seeing their stories, and the events that unfold in and out the bar.If you like science fiction, Visual Novels, or reading, I say give it a try, but if you are a fan of all three, I would say it might be an immediate buy for you... just don't expect mind-blowing gameplay or a ""big picture"" story. Personally, I really enjoyed it, both as a writer, reader, and a Visual Novel lover. The art suits the theme, the music suits the scenery, the characters are damn amazing (probably the best part for me), and well, I managed to play for seventeen hours (give or take a few due to leaving the game open).Apart from that, all I know is that I want another game based in that city....Also that Dorothy is best girl. (We always need more of her.)"
,Recommended,447530,28100706,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vidservent,"Finally, a game that let's you become an actual bartender and potentially get the customers drunk if you feel like it XDA story driven game that is shaped depending on what drinks you serve and an interesting setting. The soundtrack is lovely and we can set the playlist ourselves each time before working."
,Recommended,447530,25025438,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SiegDere,"Relax, pour yourself a soft drink and enjoy the comfiest bartender simulator. Writing is not perfect, but sure is enjoyable even without memes and TONS of references to other games and media. Also, it has a great soundtrack, kinda reminds me about Soul Hackers. Also, waifus..."
,Recommended,447530,24343138,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Yung Musashi,"Maybe one of the best games I've ever played. Although, I use the term 'Game' a little lightly with this one. More of a well written, comedic, unbelievably enjoyable visual novel being held together with funky music and flawless pixelated graphics. Nothing warms my heart more than seeing the Cyberpunk genre being brought to life by plucky and loveable characters, and bizarre alcohol.Less of a game, more of an experience.10/10"
,Recommended,447530,24967113,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SenpaiLovesYou,You play as a sexually frustrated  bartender listening to other characters stories about the struggles of dystopian life.Edit: oops user BigBoyArthur corrected me telling me that protag is actually bisexual other than that my statement still stands
,Recommended,447530,26795553,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nyarosh,Ghost in the Shell that we actually deserve.
,Recommended,447530,23714924,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KitsuneRisu,"There's something quite to be said about a game which takes itself so simply. Rather than be wrapped up in pointless mini-games or timesinks, VA-11 Hall-A has opted instead to deliver the core experience of what it is without the need for too much bells and whistles, and in this case, it works in its favour.VA-11 Hall-A is less a game per se, and more of a story. It's more of an experience, something completely wrapped up in strong characters and woven threads. Everything that makes the game is given to you straight, and because of that, there's nothing that distracts you from the core experience.But what IS this game? Some have compared it to a visual novel, and some have compared it to a simulation. The truth is, it lies somewhere uniquely between the two. There is the lightest of puzzle-solving elements that require you to make drinks for the trickle of customers that visit the bar, and that is done by leafing through an in-game book and creating very simple concoctions.However, it's not really a time-management game, it's more like a game of understanding, a game which asks you to be invested in the story to be able to cater to your client's needs. The game challenges you to think laterally, encouraging you to do your job -- in essence, the game-play of figuring out and mixing drinks feels very organic and does not distract from the main purpose of the game, which is to deliver stories to you.Ah! The stories. The stories are what makes the experience real, and what makes the game fantastic. The game takes place in a dystopian future where you have to find out more about the world through a shared experience of a day in the life of the main character. The whole game is about you learning and reading a story, much like how a visual novel would pan out, minus more dire choices. However, the game doesn't presume to hold your hand nor withhold things entirely due to its format. Although the game thrusts you into the head of the protagonist, you still get to more than adequately learn about the world through interaction with the characters and by reading articles on your mobile device.And it is ultimately very rewarding due to the game's intensely dedicated world-building, both in world and in cast, and through the unique way the story is presented.While there are the odd typos here and there, there's nothing that can be addressed as signs of incompetence (just getting straight, for the grammar nazis, this means that they DO know their 'its' from their 'it's'). And while the game has a large focus and takes inspiration from Japanese media, the problems of the world are weighty and the reality of the characters make us able to absorb the absurdity of it all and enjoy it as both social commentary on the human condition and also a fun character-sim based on a very colourful cast.The soundtrack is between good and great. Certain songs popped out at me enough that I stopped reading to hit that 'jukebox' button in order to find out the name of the track that I was listening to so that I could find it a permanent slot on the edit-able BGM list.The money that you earn from the bartending sequences allow you to 'help' your character in a variety of ways, and in fact, there is a replayability - although very slight - in purposely doing things wrong and disregarding your character's needs. The other elements of replayability come from the multiple endings that result from how well you cater to your clientele.In essence, much like the drinks that you serve in the game, VA-11 Hall-A is a whole bunch of different elements and flavours given to you in the perfect amounts to create something rather delicious indeed.And believe me, I'll be coming back to this bar for more if the tender mixes up new drinks.Arbitrary Rating:5.3/6.2 Blue Fairies"
,Recommended,447530,23715892,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Falut,"Good mix of funny and insightful along with an interesting backstory that keeps you going.It's a visual novel for people who don't usually do visual novels. Music, characters, and visuals are great.Oh, it also has memes.10/10"
,Recommended,447530,34792712,Posted: 7 September,all,SPΔVΞБ4Я▂,"This is the first visual novel game that I really enjoy playing. It has great soundtrack, great visual art, and a solid game mechanism. Nothing to fancy, nothing to simple, just nice for your enjoyment. This game is a great if you just want to chill and pass the time."
,Recommended,447530,23851579,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Monkey Magic,Stella.
,Recommended,447530,31897869,Posted: 22 May,all,✕,Good
,Recommended,447530,24526534,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,pal,it's a mastapeece
,Recommended,447530,23805080,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,karlr42,"Pros:--Beautiful graphic style reminiscent of the best MSX/PC-98 games.--Excellent music and a nice ability to select the music you want to listen to.--Well written characters and dialogue.--Interesting cyberpunk world that you explore by proxy of the dialogue- it's your clients who are out experiencing that world, you are mainly just working in a bar.--Lots of references, mostly well done. Lots of Kojima references(if you couldn't tell by the game's subtitle)Cons:--I personally found the protag's own story thread boring and very angsty.--Some grammatical errors if that bothers you.--Jukebox system is a nice idea, but it could do with a ""randomise"" setting.--Gets slightly repetitive since it is mainly the same gameplay loop for the whole game.Overall I like the game a lot, and would recommend it if it sounds appealing to you. Obviously don't get it if you want engaging gameplay, decision-making, non-linearity etc- that's not what this game really is. It is a relaxed, linear experience. It is basically the definition of ""comfy"" - I played it on a couch in the evenings and had a great time, there is no real pressure and you can just read the dialogue and enjoy the story. Kudos to the developers for a really well put-together game with a great atmosphere."
,Recommended,447530,23718605,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Xthen,"anime is for nerdsthat said, i'm glad i'm a nerd because this game is amazing"
,Recommended,447530,30536457,Posted: 15 March,all,Sefa,"Ho. Ly.♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is amazing. At first I was just like ""Oh yea, this is pretty good"" but then the game came and dumped all these references and inuendos and everything all on me and just whoa, hot damn. This game is brilliant in so many ways. Gonna replay it at least 10 times to get all the endings and achievements. Good work!10/10 George Costanza cameo :^)FESTIVUS FOR THE REST OF US"
,Recommended,447530,28566637,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,moosey,i can't afford this many dakimakuras
,Recommended,447530,23839668,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Flash~Step,"Such an amazing, hilarious and charming visual novel/papers please-ish hybrid game that is so well written it makes me have to undust this review feature and write some good words about it."
,Recommended,447530,23712036,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Vencja,"A game that stole my heart.Calling it a waifu game is technically correct, but it's way more slice-of-life of the most delicious variety. The cyberpunk in it is used as a background and something to build the world on, not the focus of the story as such, and I appreciate that a lot. It's very difficult to pull something like that off.I'm not gonna nerd out too much or spoil things. If you're into cyberpunk, believable characters, emotional rollercoasters and gorgeous art, buy this game."
,Recommended,447530,24676137,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Reinhardt,"Let me tell you something.In all my years of gaming, I have never seen a game with such alluring characters, such funny (and sometimes sad) stories, and in general I have never seen a game about bartending.Do I recommend this game?Abso-effing-lutely.The best visual novel game I have ever played. And that, I doubt, will ever change.Cheers, and I hope the devs keep up the good work and release the prologue.also the best waifu in a game about bartending is the bartender herself and you can't tell me otherwise"
,Recommended,447530,26483734,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Smirking Stelovitch,"This game is hard to describe.It's for a niche audience for sure. But if you like story driven games, get this. Just please. Get it."
,Recommended,447530,29768680,Posted: 7 February,all,UnmighT,"Easily one of my favorite games from 2016. The atmosphere of the game provides a great slip into the slice of life genre with excellent sci-fi world building. The way the writers make the setting pop out is done in a believable way. You learn about the world not just from the natural course of the story by interacting with a fun array of clientele, but during save points where the protagonist can access a newsblog, a parody of a chan message board, and the blog of one of your custormers. With the news updating daily, it really encourages you to explore and learn more about the world and how it affects the characters.While I would've loved to see a more romantic + gay ending for Jill, I was still incredibly satisfied after finishing the game. The relationships felt fufilling, and you get the sense that life goes on, and everyone is going to be ok. The jokes can be very nsfw, especially when Dorothy is involved, but the actual scenes aren't overbearing in case sexual or romantic content makes you uncomfortable.I just loved being a bartender and making my customers happy. What a cool experience."
76561198167996441,Recommended,447530,23683520,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,tokyoadam19,"10/10 would buy future waifus any drinks they asked for.So where to begin...I first saw this game at Tokyo Game Show 2015 as I covered the event for a local magazine. Being connected with the Japanese indie game scene, I was casually strolling around checking things out here and there. VA-11 Hall-A was perhaps the one title that caught my eye the most and stuck with me almost a year later even though I momentarily forgot the name. :SAfter tracking it down again, following the development closely, I finally puchased it today and I couldn't be happier!This game oozes charm! The solid, colorful and distinctly cyber-punk visuals is exactly what I needed in a pixel art game.The dialog is sharp and fascinating and the music!...I could listen to 'Base of the Titans' forever!Part Bar Oasis, part Blade Runner with a touch of Akira for good measure!Oh yeah, don't forget the waifus."
76561197993654368,Recommended,447530,23750324,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,E-l337,"I've been keeping an eye on this game for over a year, and now that I'm about ten hours in, I can safely say it was worth waiting to pay full-price. Not pre-ordering at a discount, but paying full price on release.This is described as a 'waifu bartending' game. Which it is. But it is amazing in many aspects. At the start of the game, it suggests that it is best played in a comfortable environment, with drinks and snacks available. It was some of the best dang advice it ever gave me.Music is wonderful. Characters are lovely. The references all over are pretty great, and in general the writing is really good.Most importantly though, this game made me feel something, and that's the most important aspect of a visual novel. It makes you feel something. And this is a game that makes me feel many things.This is a good game to sit around and unwind with, and if you want something to fill that need, I wholeheartedly recommend this title. Grab a beer, mix some drinks, and change some lives. You'll be happy you did."
,Recommended,447530,30989958,Posted: 6 April,all,Fraylor,"You know, I'm honestly not one to write reviews, but if you check my history of writing them it is usually because the game was abhorrently terrible, or it really had an effect on me. Thankfully this 'game' is the of the second option variety.I'm usually not one to particularly find interest in what essentially amounts to a mildly interactive graphic novel. This game was different in so many ways though. Graphic novels that you typically 'play' tend to have dialogue for awhile, then give you some sort of a, b, c, or d, type options to progress through and choose your path. This one doesn't. Not one bit; You never get to choose what your character says, but you make drinks. How you make them determines how things will go. Do you make the right drink? Do you make it extra large? Add more alcohol, and so on. In a way it's very similar to the aforementioned method of progressing the story, but it's also very different too.I'm not often moved by games these days. The mental masturbating over graphical fidelity seems to have taken far more importance than that of storytelling and gameplay, which is a real shame. But I'm a sucker for a really good story, memorable characters, and enough graphics to get by. Take games like Chrono Trigger, Xenogears, Xenoblade Chronicles, Suikoden, Super Mario RPG. They weren't the hyper realistic games we have shoved down our throats these days, but they were passable graphically. What made these games were the story, and the characters. The gameplay was good, the graphics were okay, but it was the story and your ability to relate to the characters in the story that have made each and every one of these games cult classics.I don't know if my review will push you to buy the game or not. But if you want to have a chance to actually audibly laugh at a game, sympathize with a fictional character in a way that makes them seem more human, or you find yourself wanting to read a book that has amazing visuals (the 2d art in this game is top tier, by the way), and be left at the end of certain monologues thinking ""Huh, I never considered that."" I highly, highly recommend giving this game a try. Seriously."
,Recommended,447530,23709839,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,NekomimiKickflip,I didn't think I would like this game. The soundtrack is enjoyable. The mini games aren't tedious or forced. The story is well written. The characters aren't bland or boring. The artwork and artstyle is cute and neat. As of writing this there hasn't been a single negative review on steam. The game is actually pretty fun and doesn't take itself too serious.
,Recommended,447530,30128052,Posted: 23 February,all,SOV CIT,Fun story. BOSS SOUNDTRACK HOLY. It's a book. It's relaxing. Play at night.
,Recommended,447530,23745900,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sekrit Agent Jokie,Absolutely fantastic. Scroll back up and buy it.Best played with alcohol.
,Recommended,447530,25691962,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kirihima Caspers,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action, a name that strikes my attention.At the dark ends of ""Glitch city"" a bar known as VA-11 Hall-A is on the verge of closing down, ""Jill"" the main protagonist works her last days to ""Mix drinks and change lives"".In a time where Bounty hunters, Robot Lovers, talking dogs, holographic video streaming and Hackers causing a ruckus are the norm, you the bartender serve unique customers with stories waiting to be heard but it all depends on your memory of what they asked for. Picky/Tricky/cryptic/emotional customers will ask for a drink in their own style, this is where you step in and do your best to serve them right, best to aim for the flawless service as the income of money will be higher, failing to serve will be a deduction.You are not alone, along side you is your partner ""Gillian"" a young man who has been through alot and your boss ""Dana"" a mix of mystery hearing rumours about her past from customer to customer you just wonder who are you really working for ?Jill works in a orderly fashion, you start the day by setting the jukebox the order of songs it will play, depending what you pick customer's will compliment you on the music playing, ""Gillian"" at the start of the game will put you through a quick refresher on how to mix drink's. On the left hand side you have the area where the customers will be facing you at the counter, and on the right hand side you have 5 different ingredients, your also given an ingredient book explaining how much of each ingredient  you need to either mix or blend, also aged or on the rocks to create the drink you are asked for.Each drink has its own backstory and is a key to serving customers as well, knowing their stories will give you the advantage in serving the customer the right drink. You can also double the amount of ingredients to serve the customer a larger version of their drink, there is no timer when serving customers take your time to read before you serve.After serving a few customers you will then enter a break period giving you the chance to save the game or load back to a previous point you can then continue to work and serve more customers before the day ends. When the day ends you return home to your cat ""Fore"" who talks to you whilst you read the daily news on your phone, as you progress through the game you can change the skin of your room, buy items to help focus ""Jill"" at work, don't go buying everything as you also need to pay for bills that are informed to you the moment you are back home.Special cutscenes will occur through out the game depending whom you serve and how you serve them or just part of the storyline that will appear anyways, serving customers flawlessly can cause a chain reaction in the next set of days triggering a special event as certain customers may know others .This visual novel rpg brings the pixel art/ anime Esqued style into the world of point and click games the theme being Cyberpunk i love the visuals and the npc's . Its nostalgic/comical/serious and easy to play as long as you know how to read you should be fine on the other hand gameplay is drag and drop into the mixer, but be aware of what the customers say and think before you serve ; D.Vahalla along side Dues Ex machina, Read only memories and the up coming Cyberpunk 2077 bring the cyberpunk theme back into action, i highly reccomend playing this game if your into visual rpg novels with multiple scenarios linked on how you play the game is just for you!Kirihima Rate's this game 10/10"
76561198052379572,Recommended,447530,24514118,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,⍟Pozsich,"Well this game kept me up far far too late for three in a row as my pre bed reading that did nothing at all to help me get ready for sleep. I haven't gotten through 100% completion yet, but I intend to go back through soon to pick up what I've missed, and I can honestly say I look forward to revisiting a lot of scenes... Or rather, I don't remember disliking any of the scenes so I'll probably end up skipping nothing.The gameplay mechanic is similar to Papers Please in that how well you do your job affects how your game goes, and how well different characters like you. The mechanic is nothing outstanding or particularly interesting, but the sequences of mixing drinks tend to be short enough in comparison to the dialogue that it never felt too tedious. I would definitely say the actual drink mixing is the weakest part of the game, though.Let's just give a quick score listGameplay: 4/10 : Serves purpose, nothing much positive or negative about it.Story: 5/10 : There isn't much of one, but I don't feel like there needs to be either in this case.Characters: 9/10 : Where the game really shines and what makes it enjoyableDialogue writing: 8/10 : The writer(s?) went a little heavy on references to how animes tend to be subtitled at times. Pretty much the only flaw.Music: 10/10 : Love the soundtrack. Objectively perfection is impossible, but because I can find no faults I have to give it a ten.World: 10/10 : This is what I love the most about this game, all told. This format of dropping you into the world, doing a mundane job, and interacting with people, is incredible for world building. It cuts out all narration requirements, all setup requirements, all everything that storytelling traditionally requires and is often put on too thickly in games, VN or otherwise. It only presents to you information known by the characters in their everyday lives, and in their everyday conversations. This creates an iron strong sense of ""rightness,"" wherein suspension of disbelief is ultimately mostly avoided. If all of your characters are so utterly casual and accepting of something in their world, it's natural feeling for you to think of it in the same way.Anyways. I would strongly and thoroughly recommend this to anyone who likes cyberpunk, reading, or even just good character focused stories."
76561198000266166,Recommended,447530,26605774,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Black Hammer,"I'm not a huge VN fan.Fortunately, VA-11 Hall-A gets away from most of what  dislike about VNs.- Atmosphere is conveyed through the art, not with narration. Text is almost exclusively dialogue, and the exceptions are things like in-setting newpaper articles.- Story is not driven by romance. It contains some, but is more about characters' relationships with one another than the center of the story.- Characters are nearly all adults. Not all of them terribly mature.- Though gameplay mechanics are few, they are well executed. You will not serve the wrong drink because you clicked on the wrong thing, only because you chose to serve the wrong drink.- You pick the music; it does not pick you.The cyberpunk bar setting is fun, the characters are unique and colorful, and while the central story is a tad weak and suffers from hit-and-miss writing, the overall effect of the dialogue makes for an enjoyable experience. As a relatively fast reader, it took me about 6 hours to run through the game once, seeing the good ending and most of the optional endings. Could probably 100% it inside two more hours, if that was something I cared about.A side note: Author has some fairly transparent biases, but does a relatively good job at making them secodary to the story. A very pleasant change from the rather sloppy and overt hackjobs one sees in indie and even AAA games all too often."
,Recommended,447530,23954511,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Folstream,Not a whole lot of actual gameplay but this game is mad comfy.Get.
,Recommended,447530,23777123,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hector Plz,what a fantastic game. Cyberpunk is actually cool again. Excellent soundtrack too
,Recommended,447530,26498265,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TronPaul #washedup,"I'd never played a visual novel before, and didn't expect much, but this one really sold it's characters, it's world and it's story. I really enjoyed this game and the story it told and I'm glad to have played it."
76561197966134367,Recommended,447530,24357222,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Luihutin,"I don't even know. The writing sounds like someone is channelling the misanthropy of five generations worth of Internets in your face with a heaping helping of everyone involved fornicating with everything that moves. In anime-format, no less, good god.This game's writing is absolutely trashy to the extreme.And Iloveit. Jump into the can today - only $99.99! Prudes can't afford that premium anyway!"
,Recommended,447530,30034273,Posted: 19 February,all,Paprique in lumbridge,"Let's mix drinks and change lives.VA-11 Hall-A is just... Wow. Interesting characters, gorgeous visuals and a stunning soundtrack. The story is so rich and the game offers you side stories that can make you feel more familiar in the world you are in. It feels comfortable talking to your customer thanks to them all having different views and thoughts upon the city and world you live in. While the gameplay being lacking, only being able to mix the drinks, it's just enough for it to pass as a unique visual novel. There will never be a boring moment when you play the game! I recommend grabbing a drink, a snack and just get sucked into this utopia filled with enjoyable moments."
,Recommended,447530,23944371,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,A nest full of cocks,"I'm not a visual novel kinda person, but I was so consumed by this game it's ridiculous. I love it. Great, fun writing, interesting world, and the art/aesthetic is great."
,Recommended,447530,29953219,Posted: 15 February,all,> Alric,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender ActionGood JokesPretty WaifusA Shibe in a Hawaiian ShirtAll what a games needs, totally worth the money5/7 (This game also includes memes)"
,Recommended,447530,25320920,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MY SKILLS EXCEED YOURS,For literally no reason they add a dog with shades and a Hawaiin shirt besides the fact he's rad af.They really loved the game they were making and chances are you will too.See you on /U
76561198017321912,Recommended,447530,27889137,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,windwalker,"Hello, fellow danger/u/ anons. The bona fide hikkikomori here. After playing this game i went out and found myself a job. Nothing fancy, just making a coffee in a really small local coffee-shop, but still...  At this point of time i dont even know yet if i should be cursing the game devs for that or be thankful to them, but as for the game itself: if beforementioned fact doesn't tell you just how astoundingly awesome this game is - than nothing else will."
76561198077943153,Recommended,447530,31583179,Posted: 6 May,all,craig971,"Ever played Freelancer by Microsoft? I loved it when you came to a base and hang out in the bar. Strange characters, atmosperic music. My favourite part of the game. Well this game reminds me so much of that.The story is very well written, aimed at adults for sure and the right amount of drink mixing. love the fact you can't die, no time limits, just pop open a drink and set up the duke box. Hit play and you are away.I'd love to write more but I just have to get back to the bar, it ain`t gonna run itself!!"
,Recommended,447530,26743718,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,vonblubba 🍺,"I got into the habit of playing this game every day, for half an hour, just after work.Well, it really feels like stopping at the pub on the way home, to have a chat with whoever you find there at the moment. Just to unwind after a hard days work and forget your problems, if only for a little while.The characters are intriguing and feel alive. I often find myself thinking ""I hope to run into that guy this evening at the pub. I'm really curious to know how his thing turned out"".The cyberpunk background adds a little (more than welcome) weirdness (talking dogs, brains in a jar, and the like), but the game would probably have worked even if not set in a sci-fi world.I'm only 4 hours into the game so I can't talk about the endings yet, but I don't feel like they could change my opinion of the game much. And that opinion is extremely positive, in case you were still wondering."
,Recommended,447530,33553105,Posted: 15 July,all,Theoretically Antisocial,"It's a short, sweet escapades to probably one of the most immersive VN-esque game i've played the past few months.-The cyberpunk aesthetic is on point,-As i've said the settings and all's VERY immersive,-the fact that most if not all of the characters seems loveable kind of scares me,-well written plot and character developments,-jokes that legit made me laugh irl, (which i♥♥♥♥♥♥you not is pretty rare)-Superb music (props to whoever composed those),Full priced or not i really can't see any reason to not get this game outside the whole capitalism took all my money thang.Highly recommended and dorothy's a ♥♥♥♥ing sweetheart would hold hands 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,24186074,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,1001,"Sei:If it helps somehow, I really like this place.Jill:That... actually helps. You're the first person to say something nice today, thanks.Jill:What do you like about it?Sei:The smell of dog urine and soap!10/10"
76561198042032387,Recommended,447530,29937268,Posted: 15 February,all,Kronos,Absolutely loved this game.Just wanted to give thumbs up.
,Recommended,447530,32865123,Posted: 27 June,all,Nekoromancer 猫源,GOTY.
,Recommended,447530,24795306,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ZungleIF,Bartending Waifu Simulator 2016ProsWAIFUConsLiterally nothingI rate this 11/10Best game in my lifeDeserves GOTY
,Recommended,447530,30925600,Posted: 3 April,all,IsaeK,"Sitting in a chair, holding my chips, clicking mouse, enjoying the night in Vallhalla. Awesome!Is she comming tonight?KGN 10/10 Fantastic."
,Recommended,447530,23853747,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gates and Logic,"If you have a drawing tablet or touch screen that will make this easier to play. The visuals are great, music is sweet, Dorothy is best girl, but Sei is also best girl, but Alma is also best girl... well written waifus are a wonderful thing."
,Recommended,447530,23946636,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,shamblerhero,"Didn't think much of it at first until I heard the music and all those memories when dystopian cyberpunk was a big thing for us nerds. Batman Beyond, Phantom, Shadowrun, Bladerunner. It gave me chills. I never knew I needed this in my life. Don't care it didn't go on sale, take my $15.Go to the composer's bandcamp. He's giving the OST either for free or a donation. The money goes to domestic violence, so I dropped $5 because I'm in love with this soundtrack.https://garoad.bandcamp.com/album/va-11-hall-a-second-roundWhat it's likeNow if you want to know what it's like, it's very hard to describe. It's a Visual Novel with fluff. Imagine reading the Watchmen comic book by Alan Moore complete with all the notes in-between chapters. You learn about the nuances, the current events, the things happening in the world the same way you and I would: through biased and misinformed articles in the internet, and anonymous forums.VerdictI have huge respect for people daring to venture into the world of cyberpunk, which had all but died out when people realized the future was not as foretold by Orwell. Aldous Huxley's portrayal of the future - a future where information is so numerous that we drown in its irrelevance - is what materialized here in the west.Orwell's future still lives on through games like the new Shadowrun, but that game is dark down to its fetid core. Va-11 Hall-Aisdark, but it hides it in a veil of humor and satire, and loveable/despicable characters that it makes you worry about them.You have to ask yourself, are you in this for the setting, or are you in this for the game? This is a VN, and there's very little game to speak of. But if you're looking for some good cyberpunk world to lose yourself in, this is it. Hit play and enjoy the tune."
,Recommended,447530,32892579,Posted: 27 June,all,Calistique,"Fantastic game. If you're considering getting it, just do it, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,447530,30781854,Posted: 27 March,all,JooPoot,"Bartending in a post-dystopian era.TL;DRLearn to mix drinks in a quiet bar in a post-dystopian era.ProsGreat game to pass time withProgress at your own paceEasy to get a hold ofGame is influenced by your decisionsConsLots of readingShort gameMay get repetitive----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------GameplayYou mix drinks for customers. The type of drink you make for them determines how they react and what they tell you. Some customers will be easy where they’ll tell you what drink they want, and others won’t be as easy. You’ll have to start memorizing who orders what drink as the game progresses.StoryThe main character has something from her past that she's trying to suppress, but it somehow ends up at her workplace and she has to face it head-on. VA-11 Hall-A (the name of the bar) always seems to attract the most fascinating people.CharactersThe main character, Jill, is one of two bartenders at the bar. Her catchphrase is, ""Time to mix drinks and change lives."" She's a really quiet girl that has a huge crush on her boss, but if you get her drunk, she'll reveal a lot more. Her boss, Dana, has a mechanical arm and is well known around the area, but Jill could never figure out why. Gil, the other bartender, is seen going in and out of the story and it seems as if his mind is always somewhere else.Art/GraphicsPixelated, futuristic, anime-ish. It draws a lot of influence from PC-98 games, which were based on 16 and 32 bit.Bonus NotesThe game is fairly short, however, to get all the achievements, it'll require a few play throughs."
,Recommended,447530,30360257,Posted: 6 March,all,Rozark,"It certainly has been a long time since a game enthralled me as much as VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action.The game is essentially a visual novel in which you play as a 27-year-old bartender serving various drinks to customers. I find this extremely relaxing, however the process is very easy and you'll pick up the basics in no time at all, so don't go into it expecting the bartending to be a challenge. Trust me though, it's addictive - I spent twenty hours playing the game last week!Safe to assume the dialogue will toy with your emotions. It can make you laugh out loud at one minute, then want to cry the next. The characters are incredibly well written and all have deep, interesting backstories. Every line sounds natural. There's also a waifu for pretty much everyone, whether you prefer cute robot girls, big burly men or talking dogs wearing Hawaiian shirts.I think the graphics have a nice comfy feel, and the soundtrack truly stands out as one of the greatest. The music is mostly nice and peaceful, which fits the game well and contributes to the atmosphere. Being able to choose which tracks you hear on each day is also a huge plus.Overall, I highly recommend VA-11. Relaxing, addictive, comfy, satisfying, and most importantly, worth your time and money!"
,Recommended,447530,29278462,Posted: 15 January,all,Katarekt,"Dana x Jill forever.Dorothy, though, is a wonderful friend."
,Recommended,447530,24230089,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,rrc2soft,"Just finished it. This is a short, albeit very good visual novel with minimal gameplay (mix drinks and remember what the regulars like). Buy it if you like personal stories and cyberpunk settings. Oh, and the OST is like, god tier."
,Recommended,447530,24022055,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Hata no Kokoro,"The worst part about this game is that it ends.I'm not usually one for visual novel style games, but... this one is just perfect. Every character is well designed and likeable in one way or another and they all have some great depth to them. Not to mention the art work is beautiful and really gives you the sense of this cyberpunk dystopia.For a game where your only interaction is a slight puzzle element with the drinks mixing, it manages to keep from getting repetitive. Trying to build up the money to pay for those last few bills can be a bit nerve-wracking.If you're the sort who enjoys visual novels... why haven't you bought this yet? If you're neutral to them, give it a try, it could certainly change your opinions. 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,25775878,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lurkios,"Mixed drinks, changed lives."
,Recommended,447530,33024091,Posted: 29 June,all,snek,"""anime was a mistake"""
,Recommended,447530,24222128,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lina Inverse,"Its a fantastic game with booze, cyberpunk shenanigans and high class waifu material. What more could you possibly want?On a serious note, the game is great. Saying that, it's less a game and more along the lines of a Visual Novel, with a cool little drink-making minigame through in. The characters are definitely the strong suit of this game though, I've played a fair amount of it so far and am yet to find even a single character I don't find interesting or that I dislike, and it's not as though there aren't quite a few of them. The music is great although a lot of the tracks do sound very samey which is a little disappointing, but it definitely fits the mood.And finally:JILL BEST GIRL"
,Recommended,447530,33141306,Posted: 2 July,all,LNR JTMN: 90% Dairy Products,Originally bought on GoG and then repurchased on Steam to track gameplay time and support developers. It's an amazing game.
76561198148401542,Recommended,447530,31367330,Posted: 25 April,all,Weebknighter,"I don't usally get visual novels, but this game had a charm to it that I just wanted to play it.  I feel like being a bartender now because of this game.  The sound track is graet and it keeps you calm and relaxed when you play.  The game also feels like a anime to me (well it is a visual novel) and I like that type of stuff however the game also goes on the side of fan service not huge fan service here that is not the games focaus IMO.  I recommend this game to anyone who wants to start out with a visual novel."
,Recommended,447530,26593626,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Reaper,"Maximum comfy cyberpunk bartending. It's more visual novel than game though, just a heads up. The characters are strangely compelling though."
,Recommended,447530,23803973,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,lonely blue,"VA-11 Hall-A isn't Papers, Please, but it is a visual novel that deviates from the normal formula, by giving you dialogue options in the form of the drinks you mix for those that walk through the door of your quaint little bar.No matter how absurd, or seemingly tropey/stereotypical a client may come off as at first glance, just be sure to give them a chance before you blow them off. Every character in this game has emotions and goals, even Jill, our protagonist who may come off as a bit full of herself at first. Give her some time and she'll open up as she interacts with those around her. You get to know her through dialogue and even the small things like her comments on editorials from The Augmented Eye and Danger/u/ threads as the game progresses. This goes for everyone else in our wide cast, too.VA-11 Hall-A accomplishes what I feel has been missing from many games as of late: getting toknowsomeone. I'm all for silent protagonists and creating your own character, being able to insert yourself in someone else's shoes, becoming someone else. But I miss the feeling of discovering your character, familiarizing yourself with them. Their wants, their loves, their fears, their goals...I just feel like that is more fulfilling than inserting yourself into their position. In a game like VA-11 Hall-A, you have to let this person, or these people, into your lives to really understand them....philosophical crap aside, VA-11 Hall-A is the most immersive games I've played since Supergiant Games' Transistor back in 2014. Jill is one of my favorite protagonists in a long time...and I'd dare say this is one of the best visual novels on Steam. Mix drinks and change lives."
76561197992230577,Recommended,447530,31091208,Posted: 11 April,all,Makkablue,"I bloody love this game. Granted, I only play it in the late evenings and only with a mixed drink from my mini-bar, but that is because it is so very relaxing to play. By ""play"" I mean enjoy the story, pay enough attention to the rich character development, and remember the drink preferances to keep things running smoothly when you actually have to do more than read or decide how much money to spend on the apartment.This is how a Visual-Novel SHOULD BE ... and often is not.I may be biased by the light-hearted cyberpunk homage, but the game makes me kinda feel like I'm in a dive bar just chatting with people. And boy howdy, some days ... that is just what you need.(ahem) BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,447530,23846946,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jam,"The header for this game was ""'10/10, would play again' -Some person on Twitter"", so that got me curious enough to buy it. I'm real glad I did.Going in blind is probably the best thing to do. There's a lot of charm lost by reading reviews or looking at screenshots.It's a comfier, more character basedPapers, Please.Good characters, good music, good everything. It's worth the $15."
76561198056262976,Recommended,447530,33389104,Posted: 8 July,all,Awakener,One of my favourite games. Many awesome characters and a very nice art style. Every character has his own story to tell. Well the gameplay... there isn't much but its fun to mix drinks every now and then while talking to the people. Well its the first time i write a review for a game and the reason is this game and its storys are really awesome and really made me want to play more of it and play it again after finishing. I hope that everyone that gets this game has atleast a bit of fun playing it.
,Recommended,447530,23969619,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,arcanum.zero,"Wow, this is a new one.  VA=11 Hall-A (I'm just going to call it Vallhalla from here on out) is an unusual combination of visual novel and clicker game, but the implementation of both is very subtle.  The narrative does not branch, except that it does -- you cannot control Jill's responses in conversation with her patrons and coworkers but you can control the drinks she serves and the strengths of those drinks, and this impacts the dialogue in arcane ways.Upon completing the game and achieving the ""good"" ending, I was informed that there are five other endings, and I find that I have NO IDEA how to pursue or achieve any of them.  While in my first playthrough I focused mostly on getting my patrons drunk -- or not -- it seems like the real trick to the game is serving your customers the drink they want... even if that is not the drink they've requested.  Interesting.All in all, Vallhalla is a wonderful experience.  Glitch City feels more like a tinfoil-hat interpretation of modern day than an actual dystopia, but the music and artwork perfectly capture the early-'90s cyberpunk vibe for which it is aiming.  The option to include scanlines in the picture is a nice touch, although it might be lost on anyone under the age of 30.  Jill and her fellow characters are likeable and just deep enough to provide interest while not leaving you feeling like you finish the game knowing nothing about anybody.That said, the ""good"" ending does leave a lot of questions unanswered, and I find myself wanting to go back and try for the others.  Whether or not I will is hard to predict -- replays of these day-by-day-style games are a tough sell.  Clicking through all of that dialogue is very time-consuming.  But that is a flaw in the genre, not in the game, and I won't hold it against Valhalla."
,Recommended,447530,23750774,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Чокола,"An amazing game that satirizes many aspects of our society--from different countries, to Internet culture. Explores some very philosophical topics that just bubble with excitement, all in the company of many lovely waifus.10/10Came for the waifus, stayed for the heart poured into this game. SUPPORT THESE DEVS!"
,Recommended,447530,23753622,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,KatspawZ,This is very good story game. Must play with a drink of your own and in a dark room for 100% immersion. 9/10 Will bar tend again.
76561197974185494,Recommended,447530,29125835,Posted: 8 January,all,Miften,"Oh, what to say.Maybe a little introduction. I NEVER before played any VN. I did not understand the idea of visual novels - for me that was a game without a gameplay - more like watching anime?So, by accident after reading a review of this game it got me interested - well I like cyberpunk and 8-bit graphic. So Steam Holliday sale started - all restrctions were lifted - game is in my library waiting for some free time.So after a few hours into game I realized that I really really enjoy this game, its concept and simple mechanics. Then it enlighted me - I am playing a Visual Novel game. Well it is not so shallow I was expecting VN will be.All your ""customers"" are interesting personas to lisen to. Our bartender ability to direct customer by variety of drinks is really clever way of interaction in game. There are no shallow histories. Sometimes we get to know something about one of guest, maybe something about the world, or current situation outside of bar. ""Stay awhile and listen!"". This game sucked me into reading it soo much that twice I was playing so long that I payed for it next day in work.... (Coffie saved me anyway!).After few more hours I had my favorite customers which I was happy to see. Yes, dear reader! (if somebody is still reading this). I, player was happy that I have some 8-bit sprite talk to my bartender, that again I will unfold some of this person storyline. I was thrilled and touched, full variety of emotions which were aroused by this game. I enjoyed all of them, because for me emotions towards a game (except angry and dissapointment) are something very rare. Usually I play a game to achieve something, reach some goal - or save the world (meh). This game, no there is no goal. As the game says at start - this game is best enjoyed with some good drink in free time. I really must agree. Steady pace, no rush, take your time, think what to serve this client - maybe it is better to serve somebody different drink? See their reaction to it? Or get somebody completly drunk and see what that person will say then?Every aspect of game is fitting to each other - even way of saving the game is well merged into game.When I have reached the end - it was for me hard. Really I'm feeling uneasy, empty, depressed. Like after reading good book - the feeling of something beautifull is now forever over. The feeling that my adventure with those well writen characters is over - not again in my life I will meet them and discover something new. That their histories are now a thing of past and will slowly fade away in my memories suppressed by everyday life.I do not recall any other game in my long gameplay history which has left me with such feelings. Bah, hardly any game leaves me with any feelings at all. Usualy when a game ends - it is over and just it. I can get to next game and easilly jump to other heroes, other stories. With Va-11 Hall-A it will be not so easy.Thank you Devs of this game that you have created something so beautifull. Deeply inside I wish you will create sequel, where I could meet again in Vallhalla."
,Recommended,447530,34782962,Posted: 6 September,all,Keydasher,"I hate animu stuff and visual novels. But his really got me hooked. If you dont mind ""reading"" this game it's really worth it. Only complaint I have is that it's sometimes a bit to much ""anime-eusce-ish"" and feels a bit stale on gameplay.I can't recommend this enough. Grab a cold beer, light up a cigaret and enjoy the neonlight cyberpunk world of Vallhalla!"
,Recommended,447530,23782711,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Voight-Kampff Failure,"I just got drunk while playing and am now writing a review!  This is a good game, it has a cyberpunk 80's soundtrack and dogs. The writers of the dialogue are poet laureates, the bards of some future dystopia where bards don't exhist unless they are robot bards with like instruments for arms that hypnotize you into a mesmeric trance and that's when the loli sex robots attack......... AHHHHHHHHHHH  1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1101 1110 1010 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1101 1110 1010 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1101 1110 1010 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1101 1110 1010 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1010 1010 0011 1010 1101 1110 1010 1010"
,Recommended,447530,30036969,Posted: 19 February,all,Cats,8 out of 10 smug ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s would recommend this game but they're too busy being smug ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Recommended,447530,26991612,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Prinny,A comfy game!
,Not Recommended,447530,28800422,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rhubarb,"I remember a while back when I stumbled across the webpage for this game. I remember reading the little synopsis, looking at the art and what I've been playing seems very different from what it was originally conceived as.Before (As I recall) you were going to be a male Lilim bartender that people would come in and dump their emotional problems on. However being an AI that doesn't experience emotions in the same way and without a fear of death he would have a hard time offering advice so he'd try to help in the best way he knows: Bartending.There was an acknowledgement of it being about getting to know strangers and that the player would have to approach people differently in asking the right questions or getting them drunk to open up. Then the question would come about if that is even okay to do even with the best intentions?(A la Kim who is calmed by a drink but then sleeps in from her job the next day, but is unavoidable in the story now.)There seemed to be a greater focus on shmoozing and boozing as I think a remnant of the system is still in the game with the ability to crank up the booze when a drink calls for ""Optional Karmotrine"" but there is 0 effect on the characters. No drunken dialogue(save for a few secret drunken dialogues)That aspect mostly only plays in if you need to leave it out completely for the rare occasion that someone doesn't want alcohol.It seemed like it was going to be a bit more tongue in cheek to have characters come in with a story and then have the robot bartender be like ""Hm, what drink goes with sadness?"" or ""They seem to have something on their mind, better spike their drink so they can get it off their chest."" It gave me the impression that it would be a bit more gameplay driven in terms of choices to let someone be and not get involved or to be heavily involved in terms of getting their gossip/drama.The game we have here is cool mostly because I love the art, but it's severely lacking in meaningful choices and gameplay. It's a visual novel for the most part which isn't necessarily bad but it did fall below my expectations of what I thought the game would be based on looking at the website some years ago. When you get to serve a drink it is straightforward and easy to pull off, which isn't bad but without any payoff it feels pointless. Do you like to put WAY too much Karmotrine? Well that's fine, booze away! But know that it will have no affect on the conversation or your relationship with the character in front of you. ""Thanks"" is as good as it gets and then you really get the feeling that what little you do has very little impact on the whole. Your character will just do things without indication to the player of what's going on until it's brought up in the conversation.(Like when there is a raid on your apartment building and you bring your cat to work. Nothing gives you any idea that anything is going on and you don't make that decision, it just happens.The city is in turmoil with protesting, rampant hackers, a terrorist attack and the elite law enforcers are crumbling and your bar is closing... and no one is that concerned. Sure, there are questions and some overlap with the people coming and going but other than that everyone is so jaded that it barely affects conversation except with two of the characters.Sei and Stella.""Yeah, it kinda just sucks here."" But it's one of the most interesintg aspects of the game. In fact the subplots are the most interesting parts of the game and if you're like me you will hang onto every detail you can get because they are so few and far in between. The things I wante to learn about the most were carefully tucked away with the biggest glaring problem of the game.Jill, the protagonist. If I had a nickel every time the main character got in the way of the actually good stuff. Jill is likeable at first. She's sarcastic and emotionally invested in the people around her, but her problems and motivations are oatmeal. It leaves a Mary Sue taste in my mouth when characters come in and while Jill is being unfirendly all around, they like her anyway and keep coming back. Jill lives in an apartment with her cat, reads blogs and lurks knockoff ♥♥♥♥♥ threads. She drinks beer alone and smokes in bed. Basically, a very boring person. Despite her need for freedom and to make her own decisions to build her life as she sees fit, she does nothing. She works, drinks and sleeps and even says that she'd stay in the bar until she died. So she's not doing anything with herself and when the game tries to make you take a closer look at her life by dropping an emotional bomb in the mix and it left me apathetic. Who is this person all of a sudden? She's talking about another person that we've had no interactions with in the game.An ex-girlfriend who lived and died off screen therefore making no connections to the player in any shape or form suddenly needs to be important. Jill then gets over it. Sure she says ""I feel like a piece of poo"" every once in a while, but the point is that I didn't believe her. Her routine doesn't change in any way in the wake of a death that we are supposed to feel had a huge impact on her life.Jill's problems are not interesting and because they are emotionally intangible. As a player there's no room for self insert or empathy because everything is already spelled out. How does someone feel? Read on to find out! Also you rarely even get to look at Jill. She's mostly portrayed through text boxes which doesn't do much to bridge the disconnect between me and her. It's easier to empathize when you can see the person you're meant to empathize with. She wasn't built well enough to be a story vehicle.Anyway, I feel like the game pivoted somewhere for something much less interesting when it comes to interactions and storytelling. It did engage me for the first few hours but as people came and went and it became apparent that making the drinks only affected how much money I made that day I began signing off. Much more interesting things were going on outside of the bar and by the time it came around I had nothing left for Jill. My eyes started rolling in my head, ""Oh okay, because you needed a problem too."" The pacing is a little weird as well. Some of the crucial points of a characters arc are interrupted with conversations about bust sizes or sexual partners. (Alma, Dorothy...) So which is it? Are we mourning the death of a loved one or are we just insecure and hopelessly romantic? Was that dead person--- ah who cares, I didn't know them anyway.All in all, the game is fine to look at and if you only want to read then sure, pick it up. As someone who followed the game for a while this isn't what I was expecting in terms of execution or storytelling.  Gameplay is minimal and pointless except to get back to the conversation and then save. You are not in charge of what you take away as the unimportant details are hamfisted to your brain and the more interesting bits are hidden away to leave you wanting more.EDIT: The original featured art had characters more similar to Betty and Deal before Jill. Now the Betty and Deal art is on the Prologue title's front."
76561198077526755,Recommended,447530,23925284,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,coolpool2,"Amazing game if you like a visual novel style game in a cyberpunk setting. It's witty, well written, and overall a great time. Also there's a shiba in a hawaiian shirt."
,Recommended,447530,30028637,Posted: 19 February,all,seventh down,Ended up being a lot more emotionally invested in this than expected
76561198053919353,Recommended,447530,24151742,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Evil Morty,"Just completed my first play through and I can say for sure there will be another. I feel a familiar sadness (usually reserved for the completion of a good book) in knowing that I have reached the end of what was a great story with some of the most likeable characters I've seen in a long time. Do yourself a favor, buy it and go in blind. You won't regret your time in the comfy little bar known as Valhalla."
,Recommended,447530,23723654,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"VA-11 Hal-AA game best to be played in a dark room all by yourself. Lean back and drink your favorite Drink while reading up on the story the game provides and mix drinks for your customers. The better the drinks the better your customers feel. And the better they feel, the better you feel as well.As I began playing this I expected something like ""Waifu Drinking Simulator"". But instead this game is very well written and actually very entertaining. I did not expect on my first time to play it for this long. Every time I thought: ""Ima shut it off now."" But instead I kept playing.If you are into reading with a slight minigame every now and then you are in for a treat. The visuals are great, the writing it top notch and very interesting and the characters are amazing just as well. If it wasnt for Undertale this already would get my Top 1 spot. But clearly Undertale has that for a long while. I would put this right behind it on the second spot of ""Best Games I have played"".I say: Buy it and try it."
,Recommended,447530,33213247,Posted: 3 July,all,=(e)= a tiny cactus,"This game is amazing, and I cannot recommend it more. The characters are all well-written, have good personalities, and are very unique. The drink-mixing is easy but not TOO easy, and they include keyboard controls from what I have seen on the community, so that's good to keep in mind. The story is pretty great, at least the bit I have seen so far (definitely going to be playing more!), and I would recommend it just for that alone."
76561198129227544,Recommended,447530,30196630,Posted: 26 February,all,amelia,"pros: cyberpunk; nice game mechanics; you can collect almost every ending during one walkthrough; the protagonist is cute as ♥♥♥♥.cons: you can't have sex with anyone, even you're a lonely lesbian bartender surrounded by big-boobed cyber girls; the protagonist's love drama is endless and boring as hell.if i could skip all those protagonist's pains about her ex, i would be totally satisfied with this game. but that's just me, i guess there are many people who would enjoy that story, so i'll end up with recomend."
,Recommended,447530,24210413,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ｍｏｏｎｆｌｏｗ,I could write pages of reasons why this game is amazing.Please buy it and see for yourself because I need a sequel.(´・ω・`) ~~~~ (´・ω・`)~~~~(´・ω・`)~~~~~(´・ω・`)~~~~(´・ω・`)
,Recommended,447530,31908007,Posted: 22 May,all,Ataoktm,Awesome story. Interesting characters and beautiful visuals. I dont know why  I wouldn't recommend it :D
,Recommended,447530,24042008,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kaysponcho,Boss is best girl
,Recommended,447530,24514287,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,KilogramHours,"Great visual novel! Hope this sells well because he developer really deserves it! The main characters central to the story were all amazing, and I loved every second of it! Definitely recommend if you like visual novels."
76561198009144806,Recommended,447530,24496435,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Aret,"Excellent game with humorous and heartfelt dialogues, original gameplay and neat atmosphere.Plus, you get multiple endings.Also, there's a talking shiba wearing sunglasses."
76561198021141793,Recommended,447530,24511160,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lance,"A great game to get lost in for a little while.The last time I felt this involved with characters in a game was Dragon Age. Instead of some trite stereotypes, you are left with the feeling that everyone who enters your establishment is different. Some you make friends with. Others…That said, it is less like “playing a game” and more like “reading a book” while taking breaks to mix drinks for the characters. Also, the interface is clunky and a bit simplistic which takes away from the immersion at times. Furthermore, the game is rather short (but no shorter than reading a good book). Though all these shortcomings are quickly overwhelmed by the thought and creativity put into the game.The bottom line is that the three (and only 3) authors deserve a lot of credit and if you want to get lost in a great story for 10 hours or so, get this wonderful, unique piece of art."
,Recommended,447530,33019313,Posted: 29 June,all,Toasterflakes,"Best casual drinking game, making drinks is repetative but if you take my game challage its intriguing and even more enganing.Story- you hear weird stuff but all very interesting, i dont even like visual novels but this game is a whole different levelnow for the self ""casual"" challange ( dont over kill it the story is good D: , its not mario party/cart)game is engaging and relaxing and like the intro said be ""relaxed and snacks"".  though being a bartender game i decided to step it up a notch , but be relaxed if they give you something thats 9 shots use your best judgment there, i decided to make a drink of the next drink someone orders   ( the alchol being amount of shots, the other shots i made from juices, soda, liquer etc i used my imagination on rules i suggest you do the same :D ) and sipping it and enjoying the game till i finish it and did the same thing again next drink they order (aslong as it was spiked, and not over killed like 1 drink in the game) i made for my self.15/10 will pet cat waifu"
,Recommended,447530,33030090,Posted: 30 June,all,Jett,I only would not recommend this if you're not up for reading.It's an interesting story even if you don't though.
,Recommended,447530,29137468,Posted: 9 January,all,ADK-LEAFSTORM,"Unlike the other cyberpunk games, VA-11 HALL-A has no cyberg rebellion or artificial intelligence cricis, but an nodinary life of a bartender.+great story+great setting+perfect characters-just buy it and ignore the negligible cons"
,Recommended,447530,23813280,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Raisin,"So, first of all, I'd like to say, I'm no weeaboo. I'd never played anything like this game before, and I had a few doubts when picking it up. That being said, holy crap is this good. The characters all seem very real, and the world the story creates is very believable. The atmosphere is constant and otherworldly, and really adds to the effect of the story. The actual gameplay is pretty solid for being so simple, and it certainly made the game feel like more than just a visual novel. I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story or relaxing gameplay, and doesn't mind interacting with a robot sex worker who looks like she's 12."
,Recommended,447530,29325702,Posted: 17 January,all,Fifi,"It's hard to explain shortly why this game is so good, but bear with me, please.This game has the most immersive and engaging storytelling I've ever seen in a video game. The world building is done in perfect pace - being slowly delivered using the dialogues, without overwhelming the player with too much information. You can literally dive into the atmosphere and life of Glitch City.The graphics are amazing and fit the overall theme very well. Pixelated anime style is surprisingly good for the cyberpunk theme and it blends perfectly with the retro soundtrack. You can even turn scanlines on in the settings.The characters are extremely believable, to the point where you can experience their feelings yourself (for example, by being sad when the main character is sad). The world of Glitch City, while being a cyberpunk dystopia, is very interesting and diverse.The way you save game also greatly influences playability in a positive way - you can save the game during break from work or after you return home, which gives you opportunity to divide gameplay into shorter (but complete) sessions, without the urge to play even if you are too tired of reading. This counters one of the greatest problems of other visual novel games - the fact that reading may make you tired pretty fast. In VA-11 Hall-A, you can play as much as you want if you feel fresh - but if you are too tired, you have a well-placed milestones, where you can save without feeling too tempted to play over your limits. The result is that you never feel tired or bored by this game.The bartending minigame, which is the main interactive aspect of the game (in a similar way to verifying papers in Papers, Please), helps to keep you active and focused on the story. It's also quite interesting to try doing every order properly. Oh, and by the way - it's a minor spoiler, butthe way you realize orders influences your story's path, which makes things even more exciting.So... overall, it's probably the best story/atmosphere-focused game I could ever recommend."
76561198009296312,Recommended,447530,23872391,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vasilis Bris,"Grab some snacks and some cold drinks and sit tight for an amazing ride.VA-11 Hall-A is a very comfy and addicting game with a great soundtrack, awesome art style,  amazing dialogue, and reasonably priced as well.Even thou it is kinda short, around 6 hours and they could have added more clients, drinks, unlockables and interactions, this game deserves a buy."
,Recommended,447530,33224535,Posted: 4 July,all,Robostar23,"I don't know how to sum up this game.I'm not very far in it, but what i've played alone is enough to recommend this game. I'm not usually a fan of the visual novel style games, but this game is different, the only thing I could really compare it to is like if Tapper, Blade Runner and Princess Maker were combined into one. The protaganist is a woman named Jill, who works as a bartender, the main gameplay is as follows: A customer will come in and order a drink, you make the drink and talk to, and try to get to know the customer, who is usually completely different to the last customer. Thats it essentially, but the game uses the simplistic gameplay as a catalyst for the story and characters, both of which are good and well-written."
76561198013777292,Recommended,447530,33682065,Posted: 20 July,all,The-E-scapist,"One thing first: Don't come for the gameplay.Everything else is just great! The game has some of the smoothest 80s futurism music ever and tons of characters that just just can't help but love. Dialogues are witty and fun and theres an occasional opportunity to influence the outcome of the story.What I personally also liked is, that it's one of these games were you're never a heroic figure, just a regular (though interesting) person with relatable problems - in a cool cyberpunk setting of course!So get it if you're into relaxing and story-driven experiences!"
,Recommended,447530,33637096,Posted: 18 July,all,Jaime The E slayer,"Ah, Gill, you heartbreaking ♥♥♥♥boy ©"
,Recommended,447530,35433532,Posted: 2 October,all,Akito,"So what does this visual story tell us about? ""VA-11 HALL-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action"" - this is not just a game in the style of 8bit, with elements of anime in the universe of cyberpunk (which would not be difficult to learn by name).  It's more than you live, it's something to breathe and enjoy. It's like a bad habit.After a brief lyrical retreat, I'll give you a brief overview of the story.How can you understand. The events of this game unfold in the cyberpunk of the universe. We are offered the opportunity to plunge into this wonderful world of high technology and the decline of mankind, when all the former values ​​created by man are collapsing under the onslaught and oppression of the robotic universe. Where even the usual ""Beer"" became a rarity. Instead of it, customers have to mix that stuff that everyone used to call beer ... But I know that it's not.We play for a young girl named Jill, who does not have any special talents or skills - she's an ordinary bartender, and in fact that's all she can do. Not only is she buried in taxes, so she drinks and smokes ... But who am I to go into a man's soul? You noticed? I said: ""to the person"", and in fact so it also is. She's a human. Unfortunately, you can not say about the majority of the population of Glitch-City (where our history actually unfolds).We are assigned the role of bartender in the same bar: ""VA-11 HALL-A"". We must create drinks and make destiny, as Jill said. Well, I think I can not see the point anymore. So get this game, and you will not regret the time that it was spent. VA-11 HALL-A - you will be surprised, that's for sure.Oh, yes, I almost forgot about the evaluation. And the amazing soundtrack forgot to mention, and did not reveal the universe properly, and did not tell about the gameplay itself, did not even reveal the characters... Who cares? After all, everything has long been known.My assessment: 10/10 OMG!P.S.: I went to f*ck Jill."
76561197995491597,Recommended,447530,23714015,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MotionBlue,"Equal parts Visual Novel, and non-traditional puzzle game. Depending on what you serve to people alters how they act towards you(And leads to multiple endings). Story is heavily cyberpunk, with an unexpected amount of world building. Characters are lovable and interesting.Replayability is in the multiple endings. Average game time depends on reading speed, took around 10-11 hours.Easily one of the best games this year. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,447530,23759748,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cool Guy,"I want to recommend this game but I also have quite a lot of gripes. I just recently beat it, and want to write down my thoughts on it. That said, if you're into cyberpunk themes, visual novels, anime, cute girls or 4chinz, this is probably worth your money. The basic premise of this game is that you serve people drinks and talk to them, though you never actually make the dialogue choices yourself, only advance it like you would in a visual novel. From a gameplay perspective you mix drinks using a recipe book and do some other things along the way. This review will contain spoilers.I started the game and was quickly sucked into the world and the laid back feel of the game. The game is set in Glitch City, a neo-tokyo esque city based in the USA, controlled by a mega corporation called Zaibatsu corp, the city is home to new experimental AIs called Lilim that function just about as well as humans do, as well as other oddities like talking dogs and brains in jars.  Everything is dark and dingy and the music is pretty great, a lot of ""neo 80s"" synth is used which really fits the game. The soundtrack has a good range of ambient, dark and upbeat songs, but none of the tracks have vocals. The game actually lets you choose up to 12 songs for each shift you take when bartending, which is a nice touch. I felt the ambient music complemented the conversations nicely, with ""Everything Will Be Okay"" being my favourite track in the game.The gameplay is shallow at best, you are given a recipe book with all the drinks you can create, each with their own set amounts of ingredients that you have to follow to serve the drink. It was a fun gimmick at first but it never got much deeper throughout the entire game. The difficulty comes in clients ordering things using cryptic codes, and these were fun and rewarding parts of the game, but they only showed up 4  times in the game, specifically being with Stella and Virgilio (probably didn't get his name right) At other times you are supposed to remember a client's favoured drink which was also rewarding. But these moments are rather sparse in the entire game, and I found late game that clients would just ask for whatever drink they wanted by name. No puzzles, no thinking required, just bartending. I feel like this game could have doubled down on the gameplay if they wanted to, and made it the ""cyberpunk bartending action"" it's advertised as, emphasis on ""action"". I suppose they didn't want to upset the chillout mood to the game with puzzles. I like puzzle games, by the way.The story itself is also pretty shallow, but fun nonetheless. The writing isn't going to impress a literature enthusiast but it's enough the average joe. Where do I start? Jill is a bartender stressed out about having to pay for bills and the occasional shoulder massager for times when she is super stressed. There are happenings in Glitch City that clients (who are often involved in said happenings) discuss with Jill, with large scale events  like terrorist attacks and superstar concerts. This leads to a varied cast of characters which I can honestly say is one the best parts about the game. Donovan is a man's man, Dorothy has the best jokes and Virgilio is an eccentric fedora tipper who I'm pretty sure is a homage to the Phoenix Wright games, but maybe only in appearance.There is an air of mystery placed on characters like JIll, Gillian, Boss, Jamie and Art. Only one of these mysteries  gets cleared up, and that is the one concerning Jill and becomes a central part of the game from midway all the way until the end of the game. The breakup between Lenore and Jill and Lenore's untimely death is introduced quite suddenly, and the player is expected to feel bad for Lenore's death when we only have Jill's stories and an old photograph shown offhandedly as information of what she was like. I really didn't feel invested in this at all, other than how Jill's mood goes rock bottom but gradually improves. I feel like it would have been better if it was introduced from the first day.Finally the story doesn't go anywhere in regards to the bar's closure. The player is told that Vallhalla, the bar, is scheduled to close in a few months, but that doesn't really go anywhere, even at the end of the game. No breakup of the three people staffing the bar, only for Jill to open her own bar in the future with white hair and a mechanical arm and a cyborg eye (what?). I'm just saying that there was a lot of wasted potential on the story in regards to the the ending and the mystery behind some of the characters.Double finally this game has no romance options. Why? WHY?! Sukeban games, you made Jill a lesbian, added potential romance options like Alma, Dorothy, Betty and Boss but you didn't actually make it a part of the game?! Goddammit guys, I wanted to like this game and I did for the most part, but I can't let these gripes past. I just wanted to romance Boss. ;_;EDIT: Oh yeah, the ending, can we talk about how untimely that was? You don't even get to do anything in the new year's party, which would have had new interactions with Gaby, Sei, Stella, Betty, Deal, etc.EDIT 2: Re-reading this I feel like I focused quite a lot on the negatives. I will say I enjoyed the game as a whole, but had some issues on untapped potential in the gameplay and story. I didn't touch on drinking with Boss or the truth or dare sections which were fun, as well as the phone article/blog posts which added a bit of depth to the story."
,Recommended,447530,23849778,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,iSuckAtVidogames,"10/10 game with a 10/10 soundtrack.The pixel art and the OST combined sets up a nice, relaxing atmoshpere while playing.Well then, time to mix drinks and change lives."
,Recommended,447530,33017137,Posted: 29 June,all,Gyasto,"This game in particular makes me really wish Steam allowed you to give a 'mixed' or 'average' review for products.I want to refraim from writing an entire documentary script on my fellings about this game, so here is a punctual as I can put it:Gameplay:-Mixing drinks is unintuitive. You must drag each ingredient to the cup when you wish to add it. A simple click or two would be much easier.-The amount of drinks is never increased from the base 24 leading to the gameplay getting rather dull as it is the same on day one as it is till the end-Savepoints are often too far apart. You may end up having to make the choice between sitting through 10 minutes of dialogue, skipping over all of it (which is never good considering the dialogue and story is all this game has to offer), or forfeiting all of your progress-Note that gameplay is only about 10% of this game. Most of the game is spent in the dialogue, so go into this knowing it is a visual novel.Presentation:-The music is great-You choose which songs play at the start of each day, leading to possibly weird scenarios where upbeat tunes are on when a character is telling of their dark past-This may serve to be a good thing, further creating the atmosphere of a bar-Graphics are pretty and clean-The drink window that is seen in screenshots is there AT ALL TIMES. This is awful. It will be sitting there with no purpose between 2-5 minutes of dialogue at a time. Makes it hard to focus on the characters, and overall limits your view of the bar. Absolutely a mistake and one of the game's worst for sheer fact that it is constantly there.Story:-The world that is created is criminally underused. It is very interesting and each time I hear something about this world the characters live in, I want to learn more. Sadly, there isn't much offered here as the game focuses nearly all of the dialogue on the characters-The story lacks a central plot. Most of it is hearing about the lives of those who visit the bar and building on the Bartender's past. Unfortunately, this is not very interesting. I won't spoil it but the end comes abruptly and, without a satisfying conclution, the game just 'ends'-The problems with this game's story show even more importance because the story and world are the only interesting and unique things in this gameDespite the general harshness I've displayed, Va11 hall-a still has some great parts. The banter between characters or the world is great, and this is why I call this game such a mixed bag. I feel it would work much better as an animated miniseries or movie, but there is still enjoyment to be had. I recommend it, but not greatly. This game is mixed but just interesting enough to be enjoyed."
76561198002879755,Recommended,447530,30158087,Posted: 24 February,all,Cafall,Time to mix drinks and change lives.
,Recommended,447530,23879772,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Caskett,"Va-11 Hall-A, as the synopsis suggests, is a cyperpunk bartender simulator (not to be confused with the recent slew of awkward unity-powered titles) that puts emphasis the story. Instead of following the dramatic escapades of the people who shape the future of the city as most games do, the narrative is focused on telling you bits and pieces of the daily lives of seemingly random individuals who are just trying to get by in a relentless city.Unlike other visual novels that have you make dialogue choices, the story is determined on what drinks you serve what customers. While there is a main focused common route that is unavoidable, the information you can extract from guests will all be determined how you serve them. A guest might ask for one drink, but secretly want something else. How you react in these situations will determine on what tidbits of story you receive or not.The anime aesthetic and electric soundtrack should be enough to pull you in, but the storytelling is what will keep you interested. The ability to establish a deep and vibrant lore without blatantly narrating it to the player is something that very few games are capable of doing, and one that Va-11 Hall-a does perfectly. I found myself genuinely interested in the characters lives as they visited the bar, and found myself remembering their orders as well as the recipes involved in crafting them. As the main character, Jill, also has bills to pay, you are constantly reminded of your need to make money in addition to keeping customers happy, and creates a genuine sense of inner conflict when you find yourself upsizing a customers drinks just to make a few extra bucks as your rent or electricity bill approaches.While the game lacks any direct dating elements, there are scattered aspects of romance that revolve around the main character and some of the other wacky cast members. So look no farther if you need some waifus.If you are looking for the very essence of a comfy game, with a masterfully crafted story that tugs at your heart strings, makes you laugh, and leaves you begging for more, I can't think of a better title than this. Just understand what you are getting yourself into, this is more of a visual novel then it is a game, and expect one blind play through without a guide to take you roughly 12 hours. There is however additional content to be discovered on subsequent play throughs though.Roll yourself up in your comfiest blanket, grab a strong drink, and a good set of headphones cause this game will take you for a ride."
,Recommended,447530,24505451,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kashadoo,A little less fan-service and meme references would've helped.Other than that this is a great example of storytelling in the medium. What medium is that? Videogames? I don't know. What I can say is that this VN is amazing.
,Recommended,447530,23871417,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MikeyDiamond,This is definitely my Game of the year.
76561198108441988,Recommended,447530,26474082,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,nooblet,"Only about 1 hr into the game at the moment but color me surprise, the game doesn't have much going on but it's relaxing. Superb soundtrack by the way."
,Recommended,447530,26467034,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Pixelbuster,"One of the most underrated games to come out this year, glad I finally got to this game when I did because the music, characters and gameplay are all fantastic. Can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,447530,29506698,Posted: 26 January,all,Nao 💕,Jill & Becky best girls
,Recommended,447530,25954791,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"A comfy visual novel mixed with a bartender sim which you basically live day by day serving drinks and meeting a colorful, well-written cast of cyberpunk characters. This includes a bartender griping with feelings for her boss and past relationship woes; said cute boss who could most certainly kick your♥♥♥♥♥and/or suplex you; a small android escort with a heart of gold; bourgeouis cat-lady hybrid; a buff sweet-hearted medi-cop; and so many more. All the characters are really endearing and charming in their own ways, and each of them make it very easy to grow attached to the story as a whole.In terms of game mechanics: the game is unsurprisingly somewhat simple, but not to a degree where it is just the equivalent to a slightly interactive movie. You can procure various drinks which clash/follow the order you're supplied by the people who enter the bar and get different results in terms of story, dialogue, etc. I should also mention that serving drinks to them in a variety of ways can net you different endings for Jill, the protagonist of the game. Choosing whether to get them plastered; memorizing their favourites; serving specialty drinks; or solving puzzles regarding the drink they want (you won't always be in the know) are all pretty crucial for affecting whether you get extra insight into the world or certain endings.The soundtrack is additionallyreallymemorable and excellent. I won't spoil the moment where I felt really moved by both a combination of that and the story itself, but it has something to do with you and your boss having one of many heart to hearts (hopefully this is vague enough). But that's not to say there aren't plenty others which one would find themselves moved or touched--this is but one of many potential moments. I should also mention that it's surprisingly expansive in terms of quantity of tracks, and there's enough unlockable tracks so that you may want to play through the game twice to obtain all of them. I think this makes it pretty good for people who like to horde game OSTs like myself, and even better for those looking for new favorites.Of final note, in terms of the game's mood, I'd like to say that it is really fitting for the intended audience (or perhaps it's just me). The entire game really possesses the feeling one gets after unwinding after a long shift, and thus fits really well when I returned home from work to get more of it (if that makes any sense). This is particularly apparent on some of the 'slower' nights our protagonist experiences, and I found myself recalling the many nights I encountered the same thing as a grocer. I found myself reminded of times when I chatted up my boss who was fairly relatable and charismatic not totally unlike Dana in this game, making stupid cracks with them, trying to make fun out of mundane tasks, predicting when a certain person came in. That sort of thing occurs frequently here, and I think many people will find themselves relating/getting a kick out of it. Personally, I think the game made it incredibly easy to relate to, as a relatively lower-class worker, and it portrays it in a light which while not wholly unique, is still done damn well.Overall, I'd say this adds an excellent twist on the traditional model of visual novel games, allowing for far more than ample player-interaction, and also holds what I'd consider the best story told this year. I'm slightly obessed with it, and Dana and Jill as a pair if you couldn't tell, but I like to think it's with good reason. Honestly this might be game of the year for me, and a ten in my book--nothing in terms of visual novel type games has caught my eye or gained my interest quite like this game. We can only hope for a sort of sequel/more content for it, although it seems doubtful. Although, I'd love to eat my words if you're reading this, Sukeban Games."
,Recommended,447530,25517605,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,"Hungry, Queen of Moths",you can get called a dildoface10/10
,Recommended,447530,24239414,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nico Nico Need To Kill Myself,The devs are memers of the highest calibre. I bought this on a whim and it's some of the most value you can get out of $20 CAD. Won't waste time explaining why I recommend the game since there are hundreds of reviews that cover it better than I could.
,Recommended,447530,26483570,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,『Kitsune』,Yes.
,Recommended,447530,30767857,Posted: 27 March,all,Sushitrash,"So since I'm horrible at reviewing games I'm just gonna review the 4 new Gorillaz songs instead.In short I think they are all pretty bad, and they felt very lackluster. And I think that most people just like the new songs cause it is new Gorillaz stuffSo let's start with the worst:* Saturnz Barz. I despise this song the disgusting autotune makes me sick, while the instrumental is pretty cool, the vocals sung by Popcaan completly ruin the song. It is nice hearing Damon Albarn's voice a little bit but it really just feels like they kinda threw it in there just to like kinda make it feel like a Gorillaz song. It really doesn't feel like a Gorillaz track more like a Popcaan track cause he really just dominates the song. The music video is okay at best it doesn't really feel like a Gorillaz music video, The weird script doesn't really feel like it fits with Gorillaz for example Murdoc Faust Niccals doesn't feel like the old Murdoc he doesn't feel as evil and horrible as he used to. And it felt kind of censored like that they pixelated Murdoc's nudity like I felt like it would be better if he just wore his famous leopard speedo thong. And the CGI monsters just hurt my eyes and feel very out of place.* We Got The Power. This song has one of the worst hooks that in any Gorillaz song, It's over the top corny ""We got the power to love eachother no matter what happens."" And not just that, the song is very colorful and fruity which makes Jehnny Beth's vocals not really fit into this song at all. She has a very freaky weird vibrato voice, She didn't do a bad job it I just think that Damon Albarn messed up by choosing this song as Jehnny Beth's song. And instead of using her for her strengths Damon kind of forced her into a position where she has to apply her voice where it doesn't really sound to great with vocal tone or style.* Ascension. This track is pretty good even though it kind of just feels like they pandered to mainstream music with the chorus being ""The sky's falling, baby Drop that♥♥♥♥♥'fore it crash"". But I gotta say the more I listen to the song the more I've started liking Vince Staples vocals more, And the instrumental is really nice as well. And I think that Vince's vocals really compliment the song.* Andromeda. This track just feels like Gorillaz to me, the instrumental reminds me of DARE and Damon's vocals dominate most of the song. The only bad thing about this song is that D.R.A.M was so subtle that I didn't even know he was apart of this track. Sure you do hear his bright and eccentric vocal harmonies come in and play a factor towards the end of the track but it mostly just feels like a track from Damon Albarn's solo records. Which isn't a bad thing because I really enjoyed Everyday Robots.So in conclusion I'm really looking forward to the new album even though these songs were somewhat underwhelming I still have extremly high hopes for the new album.I'm not expecting anyone to read this far.-Sushi"
,Recommended,447530,24213552,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Arbie,"A very relaxing experience. Valhalla is the only Western VN where I've liked every character.While it was amusing, sometimes it felt very awkward with some meme references out of nowhere, ""a cat is fine too"" was so forced it made me cringe.(If only you could turn back time to pay your rent in real life and still kept all the irresponsibly bought garbage.)"
,Recommended,447530,27758883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,John Smith,"An amazingly well crafted love letter to the visual novels on the PC-98. Incredible visuals, sounds, and a story that hit close to home for me.10/10 Waifu Simulator. Would Waifu Bartend Again."
,Recommended,447530,24873593,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,excellen,"Cool, funny, atmospheric, and features the greatest protagonist of our time."
,Recommended,447530,28897715,Posted: 1 January,all,Romich,"What a solid story. Love the chracter development over this VN. The characters are bright and colorful, and the art is perfectly dreadful. Makes you feel like you are really working in a rundown bar in the scummiest town on Earth. Welcome to Valhalla!"
,Recommended,447530,32261250,Posted: 7 June,all,pedipanol,"Fairly one of the Visual Novels I ever played, with one of the best soundtracks I ever heard!"
,Recommended,447530,23862445,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Yoshi,"It doesn't have that much on the actual bartending front and is more of a visual novel, but what it does have is pretty great.The writing's really good; a lot of funny moments to be had. But it also makes a quite interesting and memorable post-dystopian future, where you're just a simple bartender trying to make ends meet while making sense of the world.And hot damn, that soundtrack is awesome. Very tempting to just leave the game's jukebox running in the background.Overall, would highly recommend this game, and I'm looking forward to more games from Sukeban.Also Alma best girl."
76561198376508586,Recommended,447530,32736017,Posted: 24 June,all,vikychoix,"Hong Kong and China mentioned in this game, wow for me"
,Recommended,447530,33077403,Posted: 1 July,all,Celestinyaa,"Really nice, casual game. Feels like you're having real conversations with a variety of people and it all builds up into one big story.I also love the soundtrack, I even listen to it while at work.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,447530,23916111,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,voLt,"FromNikuNikuDancetodogs renting out an entire barand leaving a giantmessfor your considerate co-worker to clean for you while you tend to the bar... this game flows extremely well and always keeps you interested and what will happen next. The music in this game is fantastic and if you like cyberpunk themes as much as I do, you're in luck with all the next-generation technology and artificial intelligence."
,Recommended,447530,32943445,Posted: 28 June,all,Senpai,"Great story, amazing soundtrack, innovative gameplay, cute waifus."
76561198202965235,Recommended,447530,28959614,Posted: 2 January,all,Radly Tad,Anime robot babes walk into a bar. Not much else to say. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,447530,32906227,Posted: 27 June,all,❥ Lil-Su,"I don't play Visual Novels very often, but this got me addicted.It's chill, you get to listen to conversations and gossip about things as this ""Cool Flat Bad tender"""
76561198266859111,Recommended,447530,33119028,Posted: 2 July,all,bloodyyasi,This game is just wonderful. you can it play more then once and its characters and music are just awesome. the details and easter eggs are so nice and....just. iam in love. so glad i bought it OwO
,Recommended,447530,26483593,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,WitchyMahouDesu,What does a sassy cyborg viking say when he enters a bar?VA-11 H0LL-4really good game tho 9.5/10
,Recommended,447530,33398114,Posted: 9 July,all,Kaczka w Kapeluszu,"I really enjoy visual novel genre of games and needless to say this one was some unique experience.As a bartender I felt like I really want (not need) to get to know all the characters.As it's been said on the beginning of the game you can just chill there with some beer, drink or anything and play, but all of the characters will drive you of your life, you'll even forget about your beer.This game has pretty much everything: humour (tons of it), some heavy stuff, you'll need to rethink your existance, artstyle is hella cute, music is great, enormous size wienier, catgrill and a freaking achievements I won't know how to do unless internet helped meHow the F could I know I need to give someone flaming mojai on certain days and recipe for it is fibonacci sequence?! (Edit - I found out it's a reference to game ""2064: Read Only Memories"")I spent over 4 hours on hardest achievement (Getting ""Bad"" ending).. Would I recommend this game to my friends or anyone else? I already did <3PS #TeamGayBartender"
,Recommended,447530,29533295,Posted: 27 January,all,Xairak,"Nice, relaxing game to sit down and have a drink while playing."
,Recommended,447530,24109261,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chicago Ted,"Va11-Hall-a: Cyberpunk Bartender Action. Yeah. This is a bartender simulator. And boy does it simulate something.-------------------------------PROS-------------------------------------Dialogue. Bingo, this is the stuff. Some great story telling and it makes this feel like I'm talking to the kind of people who would really visit a hell-hole like Va11-Hall-a. All dialogue is done between either making drinks for your clientele or taking a smoke break.-Characters. Also bingo, due to the sheer level of awesome characters. Funny hooker-bot who isn't just proud of her job, she let's everyone know about it. Aggressive lesbian girl and her meek robotic-friend. Chauvinistic journalist who orders nothing but pitchers of beer. Even your boss is awesome.-Music. Easy one to describe, it's good. Listen, and choose which songs play while you work.-Story. The main character, Jill, has an interesting story, along with others such as Ingram, Stella, and Sei. I think they all bring an interesting tale into the story.-Environment. A nice cyberpunk backstory creates a nice feeling of being in a new time that has fully humanized robots and talking vending machines that just love 1980's R&B.-Difficulty. It's not hard. Which is a good idea seeing as the story relies heavily upon your ability to get people drunk or to get them the drink they need to cheer them up.-------------------------------CONS-------------------------------------Endings. I thought the lack of more choices kind of hurt the game. I'd like to see how it could have gone downhill harder. And yeah, I don't count being homeless that bad of an ending considering your boss will probably help your sorry♥♥♥♥♥out.-Dosing. I thought the idea of being able to dose clients with extra Karmotrine (alcohol) to get them smashed faster was a great idea, but it feels like it has very limited use here.---TLDR---It's a great little game that ads a fun atmosphere to enjoy. I'd love to see a sequel. DON'T buy this on sale, it is definitely worth the price."
76561198034310905,Recommended,447530,25300111,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,RollPlayingGamer,"Before i get into pros and cons, This game has a demo on the official site that actually acts as a prologue to the games story. In which Jill(you) serves a strange girl named Anna.The devs finally added the prologue and the original concept of the game remastered to the game. You can play them by clicking on the + icon in the main menu.+Great writing+First playthrough took around 20+ hours+Amazing 10/10 soundtrack+Great characters+Waifu bartending+Dog in a ♥♥♥♥ing hawaiian shirt+characters feel alive as they sometimes break their professional / social front to be themselves and or let loose.+Multiple endings+Instead of dialog options, The story / dialog between characters changes based on what drinks you serve and how much karamotrine (alcohol)you give people, With 30+ drinks (some of which having optional karmotrine levels) you can get people wasted or keep them sober. (along with other things) your choice.+New game plus+ridicluous hidden secrets+/-Memes that can both be hilarous, And feel forced at times+/-Jill is very needy. If you don't buy her what she wants she'll get distracted. But, You also have to pay bills. Can be annoying, Personally i like the system. But it can lead to replaying days and frustration if you want to give jill everything+/-The good ending is weird. I loved it, But >It comes on too quckly and introduces characters some may not have time to get emotionally invested in-no cloud saves yet-certain characters get shafted for jills regulars. Probably my least favorite thing with this game, If you like adam jen- I mean jamie go ♥♥♥♥ yourself because you don't get an ending with him. There are other characters you don't see much of, But jamie's my favorite of the bunch.-achievements give too much away in my opinion.The best waifu bartending game on the market. It's just an epic prank tho - You can't romance anyone."
,Recommended,447530,31125131,Posted: 13 April,all,Ray Cooper,So many waifus...
76561198080673318,Recommended,447530,26934198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Timeless Man™,"I don't like chinese cartoons, but I really liked this."
,Recommended,447530,23844472,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MrEph,"A wonderful little VN with an inspired retro/pc-98 aesthetic steeped in stylish cyberpunk imagery, and a superb soundtrack to match.The story is a little short, but the characters are all great, and there are more than enough hidden scenes and dialogue to justify multiple playthroughs.Please support this labor of love!"
76561198040010857,Recommended,447530,23903068,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Celan,"VA-11 Hall-A is... fairly unique.I can see that it might not be for everyone: The entire 'gameplay' itself consists of filling the jukebox with 12 tracks that will make your own 'limited playlist' during the shifts, and mixing drinks when asked to.But in the sense of the game, it really fits, because it's what you should be doing in real life.Sit down with your favourite drinks and snacks, start up the game, and begin mixing drinks and changing lives."
,Recommended,447530,24050527,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,carlos_baldellou,"This game is great. It has the nicest brain in a jar i've ever seen.It's a visual novel. Your actions are of very little importance. But the story is so interesting, the characters so unique and it's overall so funny i find myself liking it a lot, even if it's not my kind of game. I still don't know much along the line of the game, but, so far, there was the nicest brain in a jar i've seen buying a loli-robo-sex worker a drink, a girl that streams her life 24/7, i know there has been a party thrown by an enterprise managed by corgis and a woman who tinks she's a llama that came and spit everywhere. Oh, and a shiba inu is now my coworker."
,Recommended,447530,24529073,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Junko is my Waifu for Laifu,My waifu is a loli-robot prositute 10/10
,Recommended,447530,23741580,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CPDSSS,"This is one of the reasons (If not THE reason) why we can call games ART.  12/10, not for writing,nor for soundtracks, but for.......something I can'tell but brings the city... ALIVE. As a student of game designing, I'd recommand this to my tutor."
,Recommended,447530,29577751,Posted: 29 January,all,Aiess,"A Visual Novel about serving drinks to people, learning more about their personal lives in the dystopian Glitch City. I found the characters very memorable, finding myself actually worrying about Sei's predicament in the story, or with Lenore's story. Overall, VA-11 Hall-A is a great reading experience with a great art style and OST. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,447530,27034237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,I like it.
76561198056264870,Recommended,447530,24437709,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Punished Lightskin,This is one of the best games ive ever played. It gives you an excuse to get drunk while also losing yourself in a possible future if anime was real. But then you realize that you wont live to see this future even if you lived in an anime so you get to drink more and then forget what you were sad about and then get a waifu.10/10
,Recommended,447530,24294384,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ｎｓｏｎｇｓｔｅｒ ツ,"It's a visual novel about bartending in a cyberpunk city. It's full of cute girls. There's a bartending ""minigame"" that serves to break up the text.The story is interesting, and the dialogue is well-written. The majority of the humor comes from parodies of, and references to internet culture, especially anonymous message boards. It's got a neat ""old PC game"" aesthetic, there's even an option in the settings menu to enable fake scan lines.If any of these things sound good to you, buy it and play it."
,Recommended,447530,26738363,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,suhoy repeii,"It's time to mix drinks and change lives!It's very nice, easy and enjoyable game.+Funny dialoguesfsociety+Сuteanime girlspexel graphics+Rather atmosphericSo what else is needed for games like that? Can't tell anything else, just 10/10."
,Recommended,447530,27838417,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MegaZeroTime,"This game is basically bartender simulator in Visual Novel style with variety of characters, great soundtrack as well as a lot of Japanese and video games cultural references all over the place.After all, presentation of this game in my perspective is interesting with varies of story that are all center to the protangonist.I do reccomend this game to anyone even if you are not interested in Visual Novel games."
,Recommended,447530,29655528,Posted: 2 February,all,ｋｏｊｉ,This is godly. Just play it.
,Recommended,447530,29054968,Posted: 6 January,all,emmau5,"As a bartender myself, I really felt myself relating to this game. It hits deep on a lot of levels and I really enjoy the simple gameplay of mixing drinks. This was a really cute game and can't wait to finish it."
,Recommended,447530,25105911,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,疾如風,It distinguishes between Cantonese and Mandarin
,Recommended,447530,29438119,Posted: 22 January,all,Keebz,"I originally didn't think I would enjoy this type of game because I don't care about bars, bartending, alchohol, etc. and I'm not really into visual novels.But the setting and characters drew me in and I found myself wanting to come back daily to check on the people I've met in Glitch City. By the time I reached the end, I was sad to say goodbye. It's a rare occurrence for me.Definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for something relaxing with interesting characters and dialogue. I found it to be a great game to play in small chunks before bed, perhaps while having a drink.Easily a 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,447530,27246640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dezones,"The best visual novel made in west. The story is not really very special - pretty much a simple thing - you are an average bartender, a human, no superpowers, no♥♥♥♥♥♥ I believe that is the reason why this game is so appealing and touching for me - it is something, what can touch your soul because it is really close to reality. So i recommend this game to everyone who came here for a good, touching story."
76561198030655190,Recommended,447530,23714208,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dramatis Persona,"Immediately after a sexbot explains that she kept a body frame that makes her appear underaged for its competitive advantage in the prostitution business, she then orders up two drinks to seduce a heavily muscled man loaded with cyberware into becoming her client.  Both drinks leave it up to your discretion as to how much alcohol to add.Psychological horror game of the year. 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,29348966,Posted: 18 January,all,Samor,"Imagine a world where computer capabilities did never exceed Commodore Amiga and its Japanese counterpart, the X68000, but the internet exists as it is today.....in that world, this game would exist.For some strange reason, it also exists in ours."
,Recommended,447530,29464046,Posted: 24 January,all,Grandma,10 Hawaiian shirts out of 10
,Recommended,447530,28776663,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,♥ Dorothy Haze ♥,"Awesome game, easy recommend."
,Recommended,447530,24135155,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fox,"Easily one of the funnest and coolest visual novel style games i have ever played. Really awesome art style and a fun mechanic with the alcohol. If you watched the trailer and you liked it, you will like the game.I have started a let's play on the game (please note my commentary in the later episodes goes to a more educational style giving advice for other let's players). Check it out if you want to see the game in actionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpUsyEwGO7QSubscribe for more let's plays and giveaways :)"
76561198055019589,Recommended,447530,28928421,Posted: 1 January,all,NonConsensualMedicine,"An amazingly written game that tugs at the heartstrings like a sticky and blunt chainsaw. Most ""touching"" and ""sad"" scenes in games don't even effect me, yet this one has had me in shock and in the pit of feels for two days after beating it. This is one of the highest recomendations for a game I could make if one is looking for a great story."
,Recommended,447530,29613599,Posted: 31 January,all,ruNike,"12 Beer cans / 12Calming, warm atmosphere. Almost could sense emotions with my skin. I mean, there are a lot of them and not a single one feels unnatural.Love the jokes, characters, graphics - everything!I'm not fan of visual novels (though this isn't exactly one), but enjoyed this story from beginning to the very end.My big thanks to people who made that."
,Recommended,447530,23967081,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AFarCryAway,"Easily my favorite game of this Summer! Nothing beats serving a variety of alcoholic beverages while chatting with well written cyberpunk citizens! Learn about this strange world through the eyes of a bartender! It might not be the most crazy videogame design choice, but  they have mastered this design. For the first time in a long time I found myself actually caring to hear what NPCs were saying as it not only advances your understanding of the cyberpunk world, but it impacts your performance in the game while preparing drinks! Do yourself a favor, if you enjoy story driven games, buy this game!This video is on My Top 3 Steam Summer Indie Games - VA-11 HALL-A is the first game I talk about for good reason :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWuaCeASNUM"
76561198076212556,Recommended,447530,23799194,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,I am Ebola. The Love Transformed,I developed insomnia from playing this game. I like it.
76561198238713166,Recommended,447530,23804953,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Aegis,this game is fantastic and the waifus are plentiful!
76561198239039704,Recommended,447530,23801708,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spartansw0rd,Absolutely loved it
76561198013765545,Recommended,447530,23803342,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zyrvaria,"Great characters, it felt great getting to know them better.loved it from start to endisn't a great game if you don't want to read a lot, but it's great for a rather relaxing experience if you're willing to get invested in the charactersAlso look out for sex jokes"
76561198041314219,Recommended,447530,23803555,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dasbich,"I need an OST for this game, stat!!!"
,Recommended,447530,23776068,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Admiral Snackbar,"The music is great, the art is stellar and the atmospher couldn't be more entrancing. I'm loving my time in Glitch City."
,Recommended,447530,30100076,Posted: 22 February,all,⊰Y0G⊱,"Do buy this one.This is a game I was debating purchasing for awhile, but I can gladly say it will put a smile on absouloutely anyones face.There is no person that could not enjoy this, it has such nice music, art, story and charactersPlease do yourself a favour and enjoy this one. I don't want to write much about it, just go and experience it"
,Recommended,447530,23720374,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kemious,"A VN thats well worth your time, It captures the feel of real life with more than just a hand full of intresting twists"
,Recommended,447530,26722079,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"I don't really like Visual Novels. Never got the point of them, never saw one I really cared for.VA-11 Hall-A is pretty solid, though. Definitely not to everyone's tastes, since the puzzles aren't very difficult(and the one or two that are, are obscure enough that you'd probably need a wiki or a Steam guide to figure them out without just trying♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over), so it has essentially no gameplay, just, mostly-well-written story and dialogue.Music's good, art's great, writing does require you to be quite a big nerd and/or weeb to get a lot of it, though, and has a couple of rough patches. Some of the more ""serious"" stuff around the middle of the game got long-winded enough that I just started skipping through it and, honestly, the game's high points are in the humour and the banter, not shooting for any sort of depth.I don't really regret buying it, but... I got most of the endings, all but one(and the ""bad"" ending), at a check. But even if I hadn't, I really doubt that I'd have gone back to replay it. Because the stuff that actually, well, affects anything, endings in particular, is highly spaced out and the game is pretty slow-paced. So it'd be retreading a LOT of ground just to get one more jukebox track or one more post-game scene.I wouldn't mind seeing more games set in Glitch City, though. Several of the game's characters work as protagonists already, for a variety of genres, and honestly, a VA-22 Hall-A game with, well, just a dab more gameplay, maybe something more like Recettear, where it's still about running a business, but also about making friends, I'd buy that in a heartbeat.As long as it had Dorothy. I mean, Dorothy's the best."
76561198145570247,Recommended,447530,29777556,Posted: 8 February,all,SSDkoChan,"I've only played about 7 hours of this game, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10. Everything comes together so perfectly. The concept, the setting, the story, the characters, the music, the art, just it's design. I've never been so immersed in a game. When I play it I feel like I'm living a completely different life. Like I'm in Jill's shoes. It's been a long time since a story has gotten me this invested in its cast. Even when I'm not playing I'm constantly thinking about them. It's crazy. Play it. Seriously."
,Recommended,447530,27331101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crawling Chaos Grimnyarlathotep,"One of my favorite games this year. Really cool visuals, interesting characters, the dialogues are really neat. The bartending part is really cool, I hope the expand on this in a sequel. The soundtrack is pretty amazing, too. It feels super comfy. If you're buying a vn this year, you should go for VA-11 Hall-A!"
,Recommended,447530,31148096,Posted: 14 April,all,shodan2020,"An incredible visual novel set in a bar. A cyberpunk future bar in Glitch City. You're the bartender, you pick the music, tend the bar and enjoy all the interesting clientele that drop by to drown their sorrows. Sharp snappy writing and a wonderful soundtrack! It's not particularly challenging, but it's definitely a game to play with a stiff drink or two by your side."
76561198281806290,Recommended,447530,29528248,Posted: 27 January,all,Chupi Trooper Mark~!!,"Huh. My first fully visual novel experience was with a game like this.And on that note, VA-11 Hall-A is a downright irresistable otome.For the record, this may not be the game for you if you dislike your gameplay experience being mostly made up of text reading, but hear me out, because there's so much more to this game than that.My god, the pixel art and sprites in this game are awesome. Like, stupid awesome. The same can be said for the music, which is surprisingly detailed and modern, given the game's overall tone. Another thing to mention is that while most otomes give you different dialogue options for a given situation, here your options for dialogue is given to you in the form of drinks you can prepare and serve to them.The characters are super in-depth, too. Not only are their designs amazingly well-planned, but they're all written rather nicely. Some of my favorites include *Kira* Miki and the guy you see on Day 1 that is TOTALLY not Kanji Tatsumi.Overall, totally worth the $15. I was disappointed to see that I couldn't romance anyone, but eh, I can still dig it."
76561198016294397,Recommended,447530,25441205,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Twitchel,So After first stumbling upon this title through youtube and seeing it. I wanted it got the chance to get it played it And what do ya'know folks loved it. It's been a long while since I've actually played a game where I felt this immersed and that was in the story. Characters where I actually cared what happened to and then the feelings of dread when the protags bills came due barely scraping enough monies for rent. and this was only one playthrough. I definitely want to see more of this in future. especially the visual novel story with gameplay actuall gameplay thrown in.
76561198086983228,Recommended,447530,32834336,Posted: 26 June,all,Slawski pieprz polski,10/10 would try to ♥♥♥♥ jill
,Recommended,447530,23945927,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DojoMojoMofo,"This game's strengths are that it has realistic feeling character types, and a great deal of atmosphere.In most visual novels I feel like I'm being forced to plough through a huge volume of text in order to get to the next part, but in this one, I feel like it has the feature of being able to pause at any moment and take in the current situation. Mechanically it's the same thing, but on a human level, there is a lot to simply reflect on here without it necessarily being a profound philosophical question either.A great middle ground reflection on everyday life. Charming, funny dialogue, great music, nice visuals. It's a visual novel - so your only interaction will be mixing drinks at your discretion - but it's a very entertaining, different game/VN....also, they appear to have fixed the bug that would crash it when you disconnect XInput controllers! I plugged and unplugged a couple different ones, then grabbed the most recent one and started using it to advance the text - no problem. (Then I disconnected an external hard drive while writing this review and it crashed...)"
,Recommended,447530,29049352,Posted: 5 January,all,Hamaon,"This review contains no spoiler.Considering Va-11 Hall-a is the first visual novel I ever read, it is unexpected that I love it as much as I do, to the point where I started reading other visual novels because Va-11 Hall-a gave me such a good impression. There are many factors that contribute to this:The premise of this game is simple: it tells the mundane (by 207X standards) story of a bartender named Jill . One might think that wouldn't be very interesting, but it really is, and that is thanks to the colorful cast of characters.The diversity of the cast is impressive: characters range from cyborg assassin and robot popstar all the way to talking businessdogs (exactly what it sounds like). Yet none of them are throwaway characters, each and every one are given personality even if they don't have a lot of screen time. When you have one of the most likeable and intriguing characters be someone that mostly sits in an office passing time, you know a game did something right to flesh out its characters. Characters that don't know each other may also start conversing and either get acquainted or start an argument, which is appropriate given the social setting of the bar.While most video games put the player character ""at the center of the universe and everyone else in supporting role"", in Va-11 hall-a the opposite is true: you play as the ""cliche bartender that is always there in the background"", whereas the other characters are frankly far more fascinating than you are.Which makes for a great roleplaying experience. Mind you, I don't mean ""roleplay"" by that you have a lot of control over your character, just that the authenticity and relatability of your character makes it easy to immerse in the story. Jill reacts to the things happening in the bar with entertainment, annoyance, surprise or sometimes fear. Moreover the way she reacts to things is also affected by her own mindset, which really makes her one of the most lifelike video game characters to date. When a client is in distress she offers comfort and counsel, but she won't run off and save the day like the average video game hero would; she's just a normal person.Jill is in a depowered state, but her indifference to the terrible things around her just makes the dystopian world that much more depressing; and let's be honest, that's exactly what we do in real life as well.Indeed, this game does not shy away from unpleasant topics. Despite being overall lighthearted, the subject can also get heavy at times.Many characters have some kind of traumatic back story, and the dystopian venue of Glitch City is unpleasant by every definition of the word, with many real world problems being dialed up to 11. The tone can change dramatically as one customer exits and another enters, but the game always uses foreshadowing, and the writing is good enough that they never seem out of place or satirical.Being cyberpunk, the world of Va-11 hall-a has its share of oddities, and the exposition is well done.Scriptwriters (for some reason) keep using the cliche of one character explaining common knowledge to another, but not here: characters don't cater to the player as they talk. For example, the game has no problem with confusing the player about what a ""Lilim"" is when the term is first used, but gives out clues over time to let them figure out on their own. This keeps the player engaged as they learn more and more about the world and the characters over the course of the game. Yet the exposition is paced just right that you don't get confused. There aren't many terms you need to learn and remember, and most things are pretty self explanatory.Decision making is done by serving drinks rather than dialogue options. The effects of these decisions aren't substantial though; it does not change the story events, but rewards you with money to decorate your apartment or pay bills, or sometimes reveal hidden dialogues.There are just the right amount of anime tropes that it entertains but not cringe me(I don't watch anime at all, so my BS tolerance is pretty low). Even though it wears ""waifu"" on its sleeve, there is no fanservice whatsoever. All characters reveal very little skin, neck and shoulders is as much as it gets. It also has plenty of pop culture references, and any Metal Gear reference that doesn't involve cardboard boxes or name yelling is welcome in my book.The soundtrack is great.It has a track for just about every mood, and every track is memorable.Playing through the game will takeroughly 22 hours, including 2 hours from the free prologue update. You can read the main story and the prologue chapters in any order you like, although if you read the main story first you will have a better understanding of what's going on.That is not to say the game is perfect, in fact it is far from it. But if you are OK with the idea of a game that is about the story and nothing else, the pros still vastly outweigh the cons.The most significant problem in this game is that the player lacks agency. This is an inherent flaw of the visual novel genre, but it doesn't help that there areno dialogue options, and the ""branching story"" is simply a matter of whether you get the hidden dialogues or not.Because the game only offers a slice of life, most storylines don't have a conclusion(at least not in a concrete way). If you are This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it is arguably less satisfying than a traditional beginning-middle-end story.It suffers a bit from the protagonist syndrome. That is, some characters frequent the bar for no good explanation. It's not really jarring because it is justified by that valhalla is the best bar in the area, but nevertheless it's still strange to see a client complain about having a bad time yet returns later anyway; or 2 characters go from strangers to best friends with Jill in merely 10 days.The drink mixing mechanic lacks in depth and difficulty, but at least it's simple and intuitive so it's not all bad.There are 2 kinds of orders: the first and more common kind explicitly tells you what to make, and as long as you know what you are doing these will be hard to fail; the other kind involves some sort of memorization puzzle and reveals hidden dialogues if you can solve them. The recipe will be provided, if you make a mistake you can reset the mixer and try again with no penalty, and there is no time restriction.The UI isn't great, with the mixer taking up half the screen even when not in use.There is also no autoplay function, a common feature in visual novels.There is also a30 fps cap, which is not very relevant in a visual novel but still a flaw nonetheless.The game takes place almost entirely at 3 locations: the bar, the apartment and the store. A click takes the player between these locations, soyou don't get to walk the street or otherwise explore the world.This game contains a lot of discussions about sex, some of which can be quite explicit (talking explicitly, that is). There is also some LGBT theme.Which is fine, but be warned if you do not wish to consume sexual content, and not to give this to a minor.There is one bad character in the game called Anna.She has a playful personality, is quite mysterious, but unfortunately her involvement in the story sums up to annoy Jill, break the fourth wall, and nothing else. It really is a missed opportunity, since her being self-aware fits in with the wacky narrative. The prologue content helps add a lot to her story and personality though."
,Recommended,447530,24750676,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,bleep,"Visual novel/light adventure game oozing with heart and soul.Fantastic visuals with pixel art and tons of little interactive details.Incredible soundtrack  with a very 80's synthwave aesthetic.Every character feels very well written and likable.  The only criticism I have with the writing and the game as a whole is a lot of characters feel the same in how they speak, but it's a very minor complaint, and the characters still manage to have their own personalities.  Also the ability to add ingredients to your mixer without clicking and dragging would have been welcome (unless it's already in the game and I missed it).One of the best games I've played this year and well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,447530,25634271,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Lon,"VA-11 Hall-A is an amazing experience. It has a lot in common with visual novels, but there is a fun mechanic of making drinks that plays into the story that feels rewarding. It has a great soundtrack, and it's clear that a lot of passion was put into this game. If you're unsure whether this game is for you there is a standalone prologue available online that you can find that functions as a demo for what this game is all about.Definitely a game to look into!"
76561198112478322,Recommended,447530,33494259,Posted: 12 July,all,Angel665,"If you are not sure whether you will like or not, just buy it you won't regret it.P.S: Run it in windows 7, win 10 has some problems"
76561198060602336,Recommended,447530,28652763,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sir Pretty Lady ♥,"I have $60 to spend, so I go and buy some DLC and some old games I used to play so I can play them on the occasion.  With  $22 left, I have no idea what to buy.  Surely I could just save my money until a better game comes along that I could think of, but might as well get something I'd play with more excitement.  As I scroll through the queue I spot this game.  I go ahead and buy it.  It looks pretty cool.  The video had some good music in it.  The reviews are saying nice things all around.It's a pretty good game.So far from what I've seen it's got some catchy tunes, nice art, mechanics that have interested me a bit here, and a great story so far."
,Recommended,447530,29108757,Posted: 7 January,all,Shemegory,sei smile very nice
,Recommended,447530,29335604,Posted: 18 January,all,Ludrik,"Came for the dotted waifus, left with much-deeper-stories than I ever expected. Has some very interesting characters and would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,447530,35034754,Posted: 17 September,all,Send✰Pie,"You get to make anime grills drunk.In All Seriousness, This Is An Extremely Well-Made/Well-Written Game, And I Do Hope For A Sequel."
76561198199960301,Recommended,447530,24015975,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,JDHBK,"This game is perfect, okay?I don't wanna write long reviews, I am not really good at it. The characters are perfect, the plot is awesome and the game is fun to play, but it is not really the point and not the main reason why I love it.This game hits really close to home for me. I am not really sure how to express it correctly. You might associate yourself with the characters like I did, or you might find something which you were afraid to talk about in public - and you know - just find it in the game like it is a normal thing. It is not something singular, I feel something which can be described with such a politically weighted term as ""solidarity"" (not the best word choice, I know!). And not solidarity with something in particular, but with the whole spectrum of various topics which are being discussed by the curious bartender and her numerous visitors. Well, I guess I might be a weeb after all :D But there is really something more to it than just that.One more thing which I want to thank authors about is the feeling of the dread. I am a citizen of one of these bunch of countries where the economical situation has significantly worsened during the last couple of years. We did not have breadlines, but we have had enough nasty things. I was afraid of my relatives being arrested, I was afraid of the war. There were weeks when I have expected enemy soldiers to come any day. I am kind of thankful this game let me relate to this experience as well.I want to wish the creators of this game to grow, and not the silicon valley type of grow - but grow artistically. Do not sell yourself to others - recreate your own dreams instead!"
76561198258785841,Recommended,447530,31831328,Posted: 18 May,all,♡argonaut.aria♡,"The characters were unique and well written, the visuals are awesome and the soundtrack is one of my favorites! The art style is also really good; a bunch more diversity between characters than we normally get from anime games. I think this is my new favorite game, def would recommend to anyone looking for a unique rpg-style game but tired of old formulas."
,Recommended,447530,25376976,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ÁguilaInestable,"My roommates told me I was making a mistake when I saw this at PAX and proclaimed ""Imma buy this"" without much more htought. Yet it didn't take an hour before Valhalla captured their attention and had them in my room watching over my shoulder.A surprise to the many friends I've told, Valhalla IS a good game, maybe even great; It's topical, but futuristic; Forced, but appropriate; cliche, but novel. Valhalla is balanced, not going to far off in one direction to make your average internet denizen uncomfortable. Backed by great visuals and a superb original soundtrack, Valhalla is heavily driven by its narrative elements, told through bar patrons at the 'hell hole' establishment our protagonist Jill works at. It's up to the player to piece together a story, and serve up drinks to keep patrons talking. There's very little actual 'game' elements to the game, scoring even lower in actions-a-player-will-make than TellTale stories. All discussions are scripted, and mixing drinks is trivial at worst; This is Jill's story, not yours, so why should you get to make any choices on what she's going to say? None of this ultimately detracts from the experience, however: Contrary to what it may seem, a heavily scripted on-rails story game is a surprising breath of fresh air in a Steam market dominated by randomly-generated open-world survival games.Valhalla is a perfect game to grab your favorite drink, sit down, and casually play. It's not perfect, but I've solidly enjoyed my time with it, and it's well worth the price. Valhalla is difficult to put down, and I can't wait to keep playing. Recommended to most gamers."
,Recommended,447530,28824173,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Boo.,"As i sat down thinking what words to put into this review, i came to the conclusion that no paragraph i am capable of forming is able to convey the plethora of emotions i felt whilst on my first playthrough. And as the credits rolled i felt that i had experienced something special, as well as the sense of loss that i wasn't able to enjoy this game for the first time ever again.The bottom line is that if you like good stories, then sit down, fully engross yourself in this expertly crafted world and characters and let reality fade into the background.Welcome to Valhalla."
,Recommended,447530,28817736,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jasmine,"Amazing game, one of the most origonal graphic novels I've played. Great soundtrack sounds like a golden age of 16 bit. Super well made for something that was made in gamemaker! In this i got the emotional from the ending, felt emotional attached to the characters and how they would end up.10/10 total worth it."
,Recommended,447530,29196358,Posted: 11 January,all,StringGaige,"I really love this game.The dystopian cyberpunk setting brings a nice contrast to the organic nature of the storytelling; I connect with the protagonist Jill and actually feel like I'm working in a run-down bar in a morally-bleak futuristic city. Also, I can definitely remember the vast majority of the game's cast: memorable, unique, developed chracters (and dogs and robots...). The best part of this game is the soundtrack. I actually bought the OST months before buying this game and I can tell that these are some great 8-bit/synthwave/vaporwave/rock tunes here. Definitely my favorite video game OST of 2016 right here!I do have a few criticisms however: getting all of the endings seems to be an arduous task since there's not really a quick way of advancing the story other than simultaneously hitting the space bar and left click as fast as possible; perhaps a skip option should be implemented? Also, the UI for mixing drinks could use a bit of tweaking; purusing any drink when using sort by flavor or type automatically sorts the menu by name. This means I have to select sort by flavor/type again if I want to easily look at another drink of the same flavor/type; there should be seperate navigable submenus for each flavor or type.My biggest criticism is that the idea of making different drinks to elicit different responses wasn't quite developed enough. Other than obtaining a different ending, I feel my drink selections should have had more impact than just eliciting a right/wrong response; for example, a comment could be made to the drink by the patron at that exact moment and time. I know that would have put a lot  more time in developing the story, but with gameplay this simple, I feel things like these were missed opportunities to fully realize the full potential of the gameplay.That being said, I really enjoyed this game! I love the characters, the setting, story, and music and even though it's not perfect, it captivated me thoroughly."
,Recommended,447530,29713377,Posted: 5 February,all,Habits,This is how you do a visual novel.
,Recommended,447530,24181892,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,killer queen,Jill is bae
,Recommended,447530,27733845,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Remisse,Yooroo Yooree and rad shibas.
,Recommended,447530,23943568,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pirate,not accessible to normies but a good game
76561198078679059,Recommended,447530,29733451,Posted: 5 February,all,pb without the j,"In a world, where triple AAA video game corporation dictate our lives by hypnotizing us with their spell binding advertisement, only to be given the same thing repeatedly, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video games. We are sadly living in a world like that today and probably will forever.  Millions of people are being trampled by E3 trailers and YouTube advertisements that there are people unlucky enough to believe in, well except me. Not many have the luxury of having a decent laptop, looking at reviews and generally being smart. But that’s ok my marsupial gits because in the same world we live we have STEAM, our lord and saviour of giving us a wider variety of games and giving us stuff not created by developers with their skulls caved in by the marketing department and what do you know. A video game made by a small team of developers can make a more believable story and an interesting cast of characters then another grey brown shooter for the poor gits. But let’s not consider the mind of a bitter and cynical man that has been given a lifetime of disappointing erections from triple AAA companies and go to the back-alley hookers of indie games.atmosphere""Va-11 hal-A"" is a different look into the generic cyberpunk setting of dystopia life and generally living in the equivalent of a dirty back alley way extended to a size of a city. Instead of grungy poor people who would soon massacre the rich working class we have a look at the average life of a bartender trying to pay her rent and the customers she serves who are trying to deal with their chaotic life. They all have their generic roles you see in a genre like this, a hacker, a bounty hunter and a couple of robot workers to say the least.But what it makes up for is a very compelling and mature layout these customers have. they have their own unique ideas and problems they have in a dystopian world and goes to the point that you almost believe that it feels like a real conversation. Ok so you don’t have any dialogue choices but the conversations that Jill has are enough to make you want to know these people more. There’s no one hateable that you will meet, maybe you would have to tolerate some of them but it never goes to the point that you want to turn them into bloody giblets. I will say this right now that I never had conversations like this in any game and I mean ANY game. Never in my life that I have conversations about sex that is interpreted so carefully and brilliantly that it never made me feel uncomfortable, not once.gameplayThe game reminds you once and a while that it’s not a visual novel. If you read the description of the game you would have notice that you can make choices by mixing drinks as it claims to be a ‘cyberpunk bartender action’ with the action word being loosely put together by blue tack. You change the choices by what drinks you give and sometimes the wrong drink might lead you to something the characters would not usually talk about or a new ending. The game has over several endings which means it has replay ability, it would take you over 12 hours for one session so I wouldn’t blame you if you played it once and let it rot in your library.Mixing drinks and changing lives isn’t the only thing to do(see what I did there). If you remembered that I said that Jill is working to pay her rent, that’s because it’s a factor in the game. Your reminded that you must pay for subscriptions, electricity and uhh…rent. This is what steers you toward a different ending depending on what you do. It’s not as big as the drink mixing segments and it would have been cool that there would be a moral choice to give the costlier drinks instead of the necessary drinks, but it’s not considered too much. It’s not a bad thing at all and that you should not buy it because of that little criticism tantrum. It was probably a good idea to not implement this to mess with the player’s experience.conclusionAll in all, I recommend this game for anyone who wants to have a great story telling experience. It kind of reminded me of papers please with its small spot where you make major choices. It’s such a good story telling experience that even Jill, the most normal person in the game is one of the most compelling characters I ever seen next to Brad Armstrong from 'LISA' and probably Niko from 'Oneshot'. If you’re not interested in touching experiences that translates to you ‘a good way to get yourself a heart attack from the sudden stop of adrenaline’ you should check out 'F.E.A.R' or 'Shank', they’re both on steam and I made reviews on them to help you make up your mind.I will warn you that its’s a very mature game that you’ll probably get the full experience if your over 16. If you’re not, some of the conversations will fly over your head into a dustbin so consider this before buying it. Or you could buy it for the 'stella' soundtrack ahahaha (i have no friends), for an excuse to prove your pathetic point that game music isn't bad, because sadly i put this game in the firing line for my mum to mock."
,Recommended,447530,26507052,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Saxton,it's like an anime VN except good
,Recommended,447530,26581858,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lucky,"The game is short but the art, story, and music make it worth every minute of it. The characters are full of life that you can relate to in some way. It's really good you should pick it up and Jill is best waifu."
,Recommended,447530,33688385,Posted: 20 July,all,Incendere,This is the first game I finished in one sitting in a very long timetotally worth it
76561198081720937,Recommended,447530,23931823,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Flurry,Great game.Can I get an art book or something?
,Recommended,447530,26497381,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,「Deli」,"This review will most like get lost in the rest, but hey, let's give it a shot. (Heh, see what I did there? ... No?)Damn it""Let me tell you a story.""  That's what VA-11 Hall-A: CBA said to me.If you liked puzzles, this game/story allows you to put the pieces together.Everybody in VA-11 Hall-A has a story to tell. The bartender(you) is no exception. Every character has their own personality, much like the variety of drinks you can create in the game. You'd think this is just another Papers, Please rip-off, yes? Wrong. So very wrong. Although some may think that VA-11 Hall-A: CBA is a clear copy of Papers, Please...Give it a try. You might have some confirmation biases from the interface, but that is not the point here. VA-11 Hall-A is a puzzle, where the world is seen from the viewpoint of a bar. It may be a boring adventure for some, because come on, who wants to work in a game? It's worth it. Your work will pay off, and the story continues. Nothing is ""too dramatized"" or ""too boring"". Some elements are things you can find relatable. You can find yourself immersed into one or more of the character's lives... just... wanting to know more about them. You'll serve drinks and sympathy with what you think they want depending on their mood, and they open up to you in ways you wouldn't imagine.So there. That's my piece on this. Oh, one more thing.Welcome to VA-11 Hall-A."
76561198003711145,Recommended,447530,24489488,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,amarant42,Fell in love with this game.  It make me feel so comfortable. I think should go to kitchen and make myself  a couple of white russian'sAlso saw a nightmare last night about cleaning up toilet after corgi's.
,Recommended,447530,33021637,Posted: 29 June,all,MeguMeme,"I have never played a more comfy game in my life. Everything was enjoyable from the gameplay mechanics, to the music, to the characters. I'm eagerly waiting for this group's next game."
,Recommended,447530,32017505,Posted: 28 May,all,zaliaazleen,"I love this game. It's simple - well, it is a visual novel sorta game but without the dating part. All you had to do is mix drinks and read the dialogue. Yep, I am a bartender living in a futuristic cyberpunk world. A world filled with androids, talking dogs (I am not kidding on that one) and etc. Most of them are either androids or human with mechanical parts.I love the dialogue, I love all the different people coming in to the bar - okay, some of them annoys me a little - but it is so interesting to discover this immersive world with just dialogue-based story-telling. The main character, Jill, is stoic and serious (really different from me) but you can't help liking her because deep down, she is caring.It is pretty long though. I am just entering Chapter 3 (there are 3 chapters in total) and I can't wait to finish this game. Somehow, I was hoping the making drinks part would get more challenging, but so far, it has been pretty straight forward. Some customers (okay, one) did put in cryptic statement when ordering their drinks, but Google has been a big help.The only thing I am getting annoyed with currently is my damn expensive bills. Do you know how much I had to pay for my electric bills? 8K!!! And I have barely enough money to pay my rent which is 10K by the way! How am I going to survive Chapter 3 I wonder.All in all, this game is truly a must-have. And that's about it xD"
76561198058499296,Recommended,447530,34095855,Posted: 7 August,all,Spider,"My opinon on this game is an odd and complex oneOn one end, I love the characters and settingOn the other end however, I feel like the gameplay is repetetive and boring and the lack of choice really showsThe story also overall didn't feel that compelling, and by the end I felt unsatisfiedBut I still believe this game is worth your time with the writing and characters alone"
,Recommended,447530,35033135,Posted: 17 September,all,orsinox,10/10 Would mix drinks and change lives again
,Recommended,447530,33648057,Posted: 19 July,all,surprise madafaka,Came for Waifus. Stayed for the story.Feels so empty when finished.10/10
,Recommended,447530,25771711,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DancingEngie,"Basically Papers, Please + Anime + Cyberpunk Setting + Bartending + Character Focus.Let me start off by saying that this is a very niche game. If you dislike anime and anime character designs, as well as text-heavy games, this game probably isn't for you. Also, the whole ""Waifu Bartending"" thing is a joke and there's no nudity or dating in this game, by the way.Right. Imagine your average cyberpunk dystopia. Corporations have more power than the government. Police forces struggle to maintain order. A large divide between the rich and the poor. Terrorists. Nanomachines. Augmentations.Now imagine that instead of playing as the big hero who saves the world, you play as an average bartender in an underground bar in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ city.Every day, you meet a bunch of clients. You serve them what they want. You listen to their stories while kick♥♥♥♥♥synth songs play in the background. Many become regulars, who come day after day and change slowly over time. Some don't.You get to understand the world from the stories of others, which invites the Papers, Please comparison, and I'd say it's a pretty accurate one.Pretty much every character is well-written, interesting, sympathetic, engaging, and I really cared for them. The game never takes itself seriously, but knows when to slow down, chin up, and deliver some heartwarming moments. Yes, I am not ashamed to say that one particular scene in the second act made me tear up a bit.Overall, Valhalla is very much a passion project, and it all feels very genuine. It was developed by two Venezuelan weebs who channeled some of their experiences living in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ third world country into this game. It's just as long as it needs to be (although it ends quite suddenly) and has multipule endings and interactions, depending on what drinks you serve to whom and when. It's worth your 15 bucks if you're even mildly interested in it."
,Recommended,447530,26474506,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Croosle,Time to mix drinks and change lives!
,Recommended,447530,33556094,Posted: 15 July,all,black man with hat,in the words of crash bandicootwoah
,Recommended,447530,26465615,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,gigaiDX | wF,"I'm not usually one to dabble with visual novels as they don't really appeal to me that much. However, as soon I saw va11-halla hit the steam store, I was immediately intrigued. At first it seemed like a bit of a joke. ""CYBERPUNK BARTENDING ACTION""? It's a funky way of naming/describing it, but in honesty it's a wonderful, underappreciated game.Cyberpunk and pixel art have always been a sweet spot for me and Va-11 hall-a does not let down with its artstyle. It fits so perfectly to match its mood.Va-11 hall-a especially shines with its characters, with such broad personalities that make them all unique, but similarly loveable. Va-11 hall-a somtimes also likes to revel in the somewhat silly concept, which makes character interaction all the better.If you're looking for a pretty laid-back game/visual novel, I'd highly recommend picking Va-11 hall-a up and giving all the love it deserves.Remember: It's time to mix drinks and change lives."
,Recommended,447530,28119617,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,adrielle,An attractive and interesting game. Contains the most friendly and unique characters... yes... many waifus.
,Not Recommended,447530,29531288,Posted: 27 January,all,Shin Girdo,"The first half or so of this game is amazing. Without spoiling anything you're told the stories of various people living in a cyberpunk dystopia where everyone's lives are terrible with the exception of the super rich. You get lots of different perspectives and learn about the future the characters live in.Around halfway through the game that description no longer fits, here's the new one: This game is about talking to cute anime girls who have happy lives while your character tries to get over something from her past. The tone of the game completely shifts and conversation quality drops heavily. A couple of times I found myself having what seemed to be the same conversation twice and a couple of characters act in ways that are contrary to how they were developed in the first half of the game with no explanation. In the first part of the game you're fed bits and pieces about future technology in the game's setting, all that drops off and isn't mentioned in any depth again. There's lots of scenes in which you talk about normal sex in the second half. Before this most of the talk of sex had some sort of cyber-punk twist to it, but as I said before the technological elements get the shaft. The ending I got was even a twist that made no sense, and obviously wasn't a joke ending either. It got rid of a plot point they were building up from literally the first scene in the game. Did the writer just decide they didn't want to go with the original ending?It actually makes me really sad that the devs just decided to completely change the tone surrounding everything other than the main character in the second part. I really enjoyed this game, but after a while it felt like I was just clicking through dialogue about other people living normal lives.The music is amazing. Because the game's soundtrack is in simple files in the game folder it might be worth buying/playing the game just for the music. NOTE: Not true anymore, an update to the game packed all the music."
,Recommended,447530,27252413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bobs Und Vagene,"Love the art style, beautiful well animated and well drawn out.Characters:Well fleshed out characters, that cater to different tastes. A dangerous yet polite hitman, a childish and playful robot, a cat girl(?), Daily Bugle's Jonah Jameson replica?All lovable and relatable.Story/Writing/Lore:The world of VA-11 HALL-A is dystopian(very tamed), cyberpunk future. And it doesn't go the ""anything I write must make sense to reader since it's in the fiction category"" direction. It tries and succeeds to make sense and to explain certain futuristic elements in the game. And balance it out pretty well. My favourite example is that, even with all the advanced technology that even allows you to replace your body parts, it comes with a price of the probability of getting a ""nanomachine rejection syndrome"". (play the game to find out more)The writing and the pace that it delivers is just right for me.Jokes are well placed, and well thought out.Really subtle build ups that you wouldn't pay much attention to it, but once the joke is delivered, it will leave you smiling or laughing.Gameplay:It's a visual novel with afew gameplay elements:-like mixing the correct proportions of ingredients to get the correct drink-guessing a regular's favourite.-getting an appropriate welcome drink for someone new to bar or alcohol.-guessing an appropriate drink for a customer's mood.-create an abomination for that streamer girl.But do not underestimate them. I find myself subconsciously trying to get flawless perfomance everytime.Soundtrack/OST:Feels like an action movie, but appropriate since the world of VA-11 HALL-A, is a cyberpunk, tamed dystopian future?Funky, Jazzy, Glitchy, Electronic-ish... I can't list them all, it's really diverse.Personal favourites:I love the sounds in the menu screen after the music finishes. Lets you have a better idea of how the world of VA-11 HALL-A looks like. With all that beeping and foreign sounds that you just can't identify.Anna, because coming up theories for her during your own time or before going to bed is a good way to kill time or fall asleep. seriously.I love how even though the game's lore setup just screams the potential of being an action rpg game. It decides to go with a really cozy visual novel, that still uses the game's lore elements keeps you really curious. Nothing really major happens to your character, but you still feel impacted by these little small things.Overall: I'd recommend anyone looking for a relaxing game but as equally impactful as undertale. This is a very forgiving and entertaining visual novel, for anyone who wants to start exploring the genre. Instead of cheesy generic romance characters, you get to be a cool bartender.Personal(unprofessional) thoughts:The game has alot more potential. The world of VA-11 HALL-A is just dripping with potential. So much left unexplained. So much left unexplored. It feels wasted.I'm also not a big fan of ""thats the beauty of it, leave it to the audience to decide/guess"" stories. Where things are left unexplained. It's unsatisfying, and I personally feel disrespected. Dragging it before explaining it all is fine, but dragging it only to explain nothing just really feels terrible, and I hope VA-11 HALL-A doesn't do that."
,Recommended,447530,23842172,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Freaky,"Recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Interesting story, great characters, and even the drink mixing minigame is fun! This game will surely hook you up right from the start."
76561198027333910,Recommended,447530,23900673,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Birris,"It is extremely rare to find a game that has every single characteristic that interests me from the get go without question. A nuanced storyline and setting indirectly built through dialogue rather than vomited onto me directly? Check. Weeb and internet culture inspired? Check. Visually pleasing pixel graphics and character art? Check. Cyberpunk? Check. Phenomenal music and sound effects? Check. And alcohol? Check.So I bought it immediately and played it. It fulfilled my expectations and beyond. Great job devs, this game is a magnificent piece of art to my world. Thank you.The only glaring con about this game is the void it has left in me that snapped me back to reality when I finished it.This game is awesome, and I can't wait for more from these guys. Been listening to the soundtrack repeatedly since!"
,Recommended,447530,24090654,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Magic Kitten,"So, this was actually a fun wonderful delight.If you're looking for action, or complicated puzzles, this might not be your thing. Mixing drinks and figuring out what patrons really want is a fun intellectual puzzle though. Deliberately botching orders to guide things in the direction you want keeps up for keeping things fresh and gives it some replayability.I enjoyed the writing, and the characters are wonderful and well developed, and this visual novel does have fantastic branching paths where things can go very differently depending on what you serve, an interesting twist over just choosing dialog.I also liked the music, and it has chiptunes fitting most of the moods you get, and mixing up your playlist to your own tastes means the music doesn't wear out quickly."
,Recommended,447530,28855657,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rinera,"A lot of visual novels fall into the trap of being literally visual novels and taking very little advantage of the fact that they are also interactive, so I usually avoid them. Well, as you can guess from me opening with that line, VA-11 Hall-A doesn't fall into said trap.There's great balance between the written story and the bartending minigame. The way it works is like the actual making of the drinks is used to give you a break from the barrage of text you might be going through. Of course, you could also make a wrong order all together if you for some reason feel like it, but let's be honest, most people would probably do it properly, or at least try.The actual dialogue is not bad either. As the game warns you from the first moment, it's supposed to be a relaxing-experience-bring-snacks! No, really, the game itself suggest you bring snacks and relax. And it does hit that nail on the head. I was having an after-midnight coffee enjoying the game and it was a welcoming experience. Don't expect a great epic about some bartender or something. It's people going on with their lives. KInda over the top lives for comedic purposes, but just lives nonetheless. Even you are simply going on with your life.However, a thing I found a bit annoying are the menus themselves. Navigating the drink recipe list or your phone can be rather slow sometimes, and even the general UI can take a moment to get used to. Nothing serious or deal breaking, but you should pay attention to the small tutorial at the start.One minor complaint, though not really a negative issue but more of a design choice is that there are no multiple dialogue options and Jill's own personality is a tiny bit all over the place. I am not really sure what the idea behind that was, but it's not bad per say, just something I personally would have liked to see been tweaked a bit. Still, the main purpose of the game goes through so this is mostly nitpicking.So, if you just want to relax and play a good visual novel that's not tiresome, consider giving this a go. Even if you are not normally into visual novels, you might find this one worthy of your attention, even in small dosages."
,Recommended,447530,28735796,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Draxx,Pros:Great writing.Captivating story.Intriguing and genuine characters.Gameplay that keeps you interactive with the story.Awesome soundtrack.Great dystopia futuristic Blade Runner type setting.Cons:It's heavy on the dialogue so if you're not into that this isn't for you.It's extremely linear.The gameplay mechanics are simple and easily mastered.Overall impression:Seriously one of favorite games.  This game really shows me that good writing and an awesome soundtrack can really make your game.
,Recommended,447530,23721777,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kEv,dis lit fam
,Recommended,447530,26609795,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tangerine Cookie (Cards),"Probably one of the best games I've ever read.Compelling characters, some pretty amazing dialogue that goes from thought provoking to lewd humor without missing a beat, and some fun little secrets to enjoy.Pretty amazing art, ♥♥♥♥ing awesome music."
,Recommended,447530,23840119,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pucedragonlord,"If you like personal stories, proper cyberpunk settings, solid writing, and good soundtracks, this game is for you.It can be crass at times, if that's not your thing, but don't let that scare you away.Get comfortable, dim the lights, and have fun."
,Recommended,447530,23915454,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Chancellor,"This is a precious game. It made me care for the characters, made me happy for them, and now makes me kinda miss them.  It's the kind of game that I'll return to years from now, just to enjoy the cozy nostalgia from meeting the characters again after a long time.The only con is that it makes you crave for a drink while playing it.Updated on nov 23rd 2016: nominated this game for the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" award ;)"
,Recommended,447530,24028504,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rushyo,"VA-11 Hall-A is like a fantastic novel, and I don't want to finish the last chapter and have to put it down. It's as much an escape for the player as it is for the patrons of the bar, and spending every night learning about the interesting and likeable characters is something I'll genuinely miss.The game gave me a hell of an emotional Gut Punch, as the main character went through an experience very much similar to my own. The fact the game ends of a note of closure for her felt pretty much like the closure I never got. That's some really ♥♥♥♥ing powerful writing.I love the fact that there are references for all sorts of different sub-cultures in here. Some are less subtle than others, but I've actually been reading up trying to track some of them down.I wrote the first paragraph a few days ago on my FB, and has since completed the game. It took me 12 hours to complete this game, making it good value for money even if you're one of those ""pound per hour"" folks, and I'm already on the New Game Plus.If you've never read a book, this might not be your spiced tea; but if you've never read a book, perhaps this is a great way to start reading?Anna, best waifu, says you should join us."
76561198003985175,Recommended,447530,23724780,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Neray,This game will make you a better person.>tfw no sukeban gf :3
76561198066981707,Recommended,447530,23906056,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GO GO ED,DO YOU LIKE VN?DO YOU LIKE CYBERPUNK?DO YOU ENJOY WAIFUS?DO YOU LIKE PC98 AESTHETIC?DO YOU LIKE RAD SHIBAS?One of my favourite things I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,447530,23993418,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fire7002,one word:Dorothinquisition!!!(i prefer Alma but you know... the name)
76561198015445774,Recommended,447530,24100065,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Barney Barton,"Dare I say this could be the one job I'm excited to go to each day! The characters hook you in the, booze and conversations keep you there. You can honestly sit there, have a drink yourself and enjoy the living hell out of this game. No need to stress, just relax, listen, and take it all in.  Think an episode of Cheers, but you aren't Ted Danson trying to nail everything that wanders in."
61918189984198198,Recommended,447530,23762614,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Synbios,10/10 I don't even drink.
76561198025699320,Recommended,447530,23819158,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[Polymath]LunarDiscord,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing gem this game is <3I remember seeing it so long ago as just a small announcement with like one or two images.It came so far, and it's a small, bittersweet journey I'll never forget."
,Recommended,447530,24015827,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Asetoni,Would bartend again for the fluffy waifus
76561198030940707,Recommended,447530,24065835,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Super Sand Legend,"This is a Fantastic game. The way it flows gets you interested in the world it takes place in and gets you attached and invested in the characters quickly. The story is really good and the characters are amazing. My only complaints come from some small quality of life bits, but that’s all. I'll be looking forward to the prologue coming to steam.Notes:o There is a Prologue, events in it get referenced but it isn't needed to understand what is going on, as everything you learn about the world is gleaned from conversation, the same goes for how the prologue is referenced.o The Quality of life stuff I'd like to see is a randomization button for Jukebox songs and a better way to add ingredients besides drag and drop."
,Recommended,447530,25140993,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Syaxamaphone,"An EXCELLENT VN with a great cast of characters. My only complaint is you kinda gotta wait a while before mixing switches to blend mode, but other than that, its flawless. A riveting bartending adventure from start to finish!"
,Recommended,447530,24453934,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kashish,My favorite game I've played this year. Great storytelling.
,Recommended,447530,23980781,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,under stars,"The writing and interesting characters gives even Undertale a run for its money. Near the end it started feeling slightly slow, and honestlyI never really gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Lenore, I felt like I was almost unable to.I wanted to bang Danasogoddamnmuch.Really good game though. Needs a better skip mechanic for people running through NG over and over and over trying to get all of the endings, but other than that, this is well worth the money and time. A must play experience for anyone who loves story and repetitive game play features (I mean that in a good way, the repetitive bartending was such a simple task but also quite soothing for my mind to play, and I quite enjoyed the simplicity of not having a game try to push complicated tasks in a story driven game)."
76561198044014245,Recommended,447530,24437906,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Varaka,Great soundtrack. Funny. Relaxing.
76561198005030882,Recommended,447530,24271884,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,t o p  k [E] k,This game is amazing. I would recommend everyone to get this game. The characters. The music. The story. Everything about the game is 10/10. Buy it. Love it. Help them escape Venezuela. Everyone wins.
76561198048529397,Recommended,447530,24246102,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RAIN,"I typically play games such as mmo's and fps's. but when I saw this game I knew I had to try it. This was my first visual novel and I thoroughly enjoyed it, the game is very humourous and found myself breaking out in laughter as I'm rather immature, but nonetheless this is a very good game, even if you don't typically play visual novels and could not recommend this game more."
,Recommended,447530,25238740,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,velmo,"Amazing experience, really chill game but when it ends you just realize it was quick. 10/10 Support the devs from Venezuela."
,Recommended,447530,23907756,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drarrk,"This game hasn't got much going for it gameplay wise but the story is absolutely fantastic as well as the characters. Going through it blind initially is the best way and then using a guide to go through again to get all the endings.All the endings CAN be gotten all at once (with the exception of the bad ending) and is recommended on the 2nd run, NOT the 1st.Great game overall and I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,447530,23844956,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Clicktman,"VA-11 Hall-A is one of the best games I have played this year, if not all time.You play as a bartender at a tucked away little bar in the dangerous streets of a cyberpunk city. A few people come in every now and then and the small gameplay is to make them their drinks. Sometimes a customer will make a vague order, so it's best to read up on the small description of the drink or figure out what they've ordered before and what they like drinking.The best part of the game has to be the characters and atmosphere. I've beat the main game in less than two days, so it's quite short, but what really sells this is the diverse cast of characters and the fantastic stories behind each of them. Every character is three-dimensional and seem so life like, it's hard not to love them all, even the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones.Sukeban Games did a great job at making one of my favorite games, and I highly recommend this for full price. Make sure to get it on their website so you can get the soundtrack and the prologue, as well as them getting all the money."
,Recommended,447530,23701527,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RedMarz,"I've waited months for this, and I'll be honest. I'll originally got this game for the memes. I found this game from /a/ and /v/ and thought stuff like ""Has Waifu Bartending in it, instant 10/10"" and ""The creators live in Venezuela for christ sakes, we gotta get them outta there. Support this game!""But I played the first ""two days"" and I could say I'm actually really enjoying it. The atmosphere of this game is comfy and the characters are pretty interesting. I really like the music and I'm interested in the diaologue, which is unusual since I'm more into games with some action.The gameplay is also fun- they don't just give you a easy order like a Martin- I MEAN BRANDTINI, DAMMIT! Customers usually don't give you specific requests. They usually requests what TYPE of drink they want and want you to surprise them. Gives a feeling of the gameplay being dynamic.Don't be mistaken, there's definitely some small room of improvement. Although I love the music and I've been praised in-game for having good taste, they actually require for you to choose the music thatwill play in game. I'm too lazy for that considering there's like 11 pages to choose from.  I wish there was some random music shuffle button or something instead of hand picking 12 songs based on their name. There's also no time limit to making a customer's drink. You can take like 5 mins to make some customer's Brantini (YES! I got it right!) I get this is mainly a story game and all, but I was expecting this game to be a bit more like Papers, Please. Give the game a tiny bit of challenge while still being enjoyable.But really, those are all minor cons. I didn't even play the whole game yet. Memes aside, I'm really enjoying this game. 9/10."
,Recommended,447530,25695431,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Wolf,"This game is incredible.That's the short version. You need a reason to buy it? There it is. It's truly a wonderful game.Went into it entirely blind and had just the best time I've had with a game in a while.50 hours and I 100 percented it, it's worth every penny I spent."
,Recommended,447530,25611492,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Shaquille UNIEL,"This game provides the answer to the question, ""Do androids dream of♥♥♥♥♥♥""yeah sometimes they do"
,Recommended,447530,23701989,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,÷Buttwind,"Like visual novels with adult humor, drama, and great soundtracks? If not, get the ♥♥♥♥ out right now this game isn't for you.Enjoy fascinating characters that are actually likeable with amazing pixel art? If not, also get the ♥♥♥♥ out.I wondered how a game about talking to random♥♥♥♥♥people while getting them drunk as ♥♥♥♥ would be interesting but here I am after playing it for hours.VA-11 Hall-A or as it's more commonly known for sake of simplicity, Valhalla, is a discrete bar in a dystopian, futuristic city called Glitch City.You play as a 27-year old female bartender named Jill, who has had her life go down the drain after certain events (didn't we all).During your shift, you encounter various intriguing customers with their own pasts and interests whom you must serve drinks while they're making small talk. Making the drink itself isn't much of a feat since you always have access to your recipe book, but rather the challenge is paying attention to what the customer wants. The game does allow you to scroll back messages, however this feature is unavailable when making drinks and if you didn't fulfill Jill's desire for the day you won't get a hint about the drink. Therefore you look like a ♥♥♥♥ing retard for skimming through messages (I'm guilty of this).When she's not listening to people's banter at work, she spends her time off hanging out in her apartment with her cat Fore. In this phase, you get the chance to buy some items to furnish your room with nerdy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It may seem like it's purely for cosmetic purposes, but there will be certain items Jill desires and if they're not fulfilled she will become distracted at work meaning you won't have hints during drink making time and you'll look like a stupid idiot.To sum it all up, it's quite a charming and relaxing visual novel with a captivating story as well as multiple endings. I find the art style and pixel art is just amazing. Very aesthetically pleasing. The gameplay has you spending most of the time reading through the dialogue but it's honestly interesting to read. If you're not into drama then this game might not be for you, however some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game made me giggle like a god damn Japanese schoolgirl. Made me think twice about deciding whether or not ♥♥♥♥ing a future sexbot would be a good idea.I bought this game and the soundtrack when I was broke as ♥♥♥♥ too."
,Recommended,447530,25389611,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Linaire,this is one of the comfiest games i've played in a long timebuy itplay itspend your evenings crying over your waifus while you get them drunkregret nothing
,Recommended,447530,24456624,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SEX WAFFLES,THIS IS AMAZINGI WANT TO LIVE IN THIS GAME
,Recommended,447530,25505665,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Strelok,"Model Warrior Julianne is one of the best Bartending action hero bullet hells Ive ever wade through!It even has a bartending Mini-Game!With so many great things like:Waifus of all types?Talking corgis?Dystopian city of the future?This game truly is GOAT, and it even has a GOAT grill.Comfy 1984 Bartending-SIM with Dana as best girl.Sei Sei action is pretty good too."
,Recommended,447530,23878897,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pinka,"This is the first visual novel i could keep on playing without getting bored, zoning out, or forgetting what was going on mid coversation. The drink mechanics come in at the perfect times. I never feel like a conversation was cut off too suddenly, but the dialogue doesn't drag on to the point of being boring. Also I love how realistic the main character is. Jill is so down-to-earth and human. Not some crime fighting hero. Just a cynicical bartender trying to get by. That's probably the most enjoyable part to me. You're living in the world, but you're not playing as an anti-government freedom fighter. You're just hearing about life through other people."
,Recommended,447530,27029493,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FeyLynn,This is the best Shadowrun game I've ever played. Being a clueless bartender in what is almost certainly a bar frequented by shadowrunners is super interesting and also only the smallest part of what makes mixing drinks and changing lives super compelling.Bonus points for great sound track and art aesthetic especially if you are into anime.
,Recommended,447530,26966422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fio,"Simple-to-play visual novel with interesting story. As each person/client you're talking with, the topics were vary. Reaching from politics, conspiracy theories, gossips, government, family issues, job issues, and most of all, drama and fun.Sure, the game ends indramabut the you'll get certain endings if you reach or don't reach a certain goal. The small endings are achieved on how you interact with your clients.The story is worth following,the humour is top-notch and the drama ain't that bad.Oh yeah,YOU'LL GET TO SEE A SHIBA WITH SUNGLASSES AND HAWAIIAN TEE, DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE 😂😂👌👌💦💦Small adOverall score: 8/10"
76561197989956772,Recommended,447530,26552602,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Teknemancer,Worth your time!
,Recommended,447530,24407331,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Doomevil,"I thought this was going to be a generic Papers Please rip off but serving drinks instead. Oh how wrong I was. I'm first introduced with a small expostion about the world I'm about to read in, in a dystopia called Glitch City.Althrough the first hours of the game will probably be a lighthearted tone, there are events that I won't spoil that will remind you that the world isn't a great place to live in. In fact due to the way the world works and its rich world building, it serves as a connection to the characters and their reactions to the world around them.You play as Jill, a bartender who mixes drinks and changes lives, in a way. At first, I was a bit weary on the characters considering some of them are based on other characters, Jamie looking like Adam Jensen from Deus Ex is a bit odd, but fortunately their personalities gave me a postive outlook, not to mention their backstories.The protagonist is likeable, relatable, and also flawed. Her relationships with her customers and friends are very in depth and give her support at her worst moments. In a well written world like Glitch City I'm surprised there wasn't a complicated plot scheme going around in the main story, but you know what? It doesn't need that. This story focuses on the characters and their lives, particularly Jill. And it does these characters arcs so well.Gameplay is actually simple, but sometimes requires you to pay attention. Then again you're meant to get comfy. With that said, I felt later on mixing drinks as a game is a pretty neat thing, but as you continue it starts getting boring and repetitive. I'm ultimately glad the game ends on a pretty not too short but not too long note. Otherwise it would get pretty tedious.Overall, I'm satisfed with this game, great world, good characters, and not to mention the great soundtrack. If you're interested then buy this game and support these devs, considering they're from Venezuela."
76561198020500488,Recommended,447530,29091685,Posted: 7 January,all,rizzenkampf,"A very comfy visual novel - type game with relaxing pacing, fun and believable characters and just the right amount of tease. I would definitely recommend Va-11 Hall-A for people looking to relax and see some likeable character comedy, who do not start autistically screeching when they see anime aesthetics.As for its disadvantages, afaik some of the secrets may be a bit convoluted to get and the story may lack impact for those used to something grander and of more epic scale but who cares about those nerds ;^) Some of the humour and callbacks maybe lost on all but a very narrow category of people.Dorothy is best girl ."
,Recommended,447530,28175381,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Slinks,"Cyberpunk recettear mixed with a vn I guess. I don't know. All I know is it's very good. Great music, characters, and style."
,Recommended,447530,28171097,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Noctus,"I wanna drink a beer while I rant about my life to a bartender like Jill. The game is 10/10 already. And yes, there's a lot of waifus... :)"
,Recommended,447530,28154745,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DREAMS,This was a really great visual novel with incredible characters and a lot of charm.The soundtrack was really nice but I wish there was a way to play the tracks in random order instead of having to choose them everytime.I wouldn't recommend it if you hate/don't enjoy anime though.I don't regret the purchase and I'll be looking forward to my next playthrough.
,Recommended,447530,28176177,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Real A Knight アシャリ,"What can I say about this game.I have never really been able to sit through Visual Novels, but this one.. this one had me by the balls.Beautiful visuals, and incredible soundtrack and a great story. At times the dialogue can be a little 'cringey' but it is rare and doesent really detract from the game at all.  I havent had a chance to have a crack at getting any of the other endings, but it is on my to do list.For maximum enjoyment, close all curtains turn off your lights, have some snacks and drinks ready, put on your headphones and become full immersed in this cyber punk bartending simulator.p.s Dorothy best girl."
,Recommended,447530,24648576,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Merry,Serving drinks to waifus.  Bretty good lad.This is honestly a very good game.  Plays like a VN but with a really unique style.  Soundtrack and art are both amazing.  Setting is Bladerunner-esque which I love. All in all solid 9/10.
76561198067772546,Recommended,447530,24805449,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TwistedChi,"I'm writing this during the final credits...THIS GAME IS NOT 16 HOURS.I left the game on a couple times.{{Bottom has generic pros,cons,and score}}This game is beautiful.The protagonist Jill ,a bartender in the small dive VA-11 Hall-A or Vallhalla explores the deepest and darkest depths of Glitch City via her many eccentric clients.These clients include hackers for hire,idols,sex bots,and more.There is a personal story for Jill which is explored more in the later parts of the game that will carry you to the semi-satisfying end.Much of the time spent playing this game will be spent mixing drinks and listening to your clients stories.There are points in the game where you will need to pay your bills to continue staying in your apartment.These payments are minor annoyances until you get to the final payment of 10k.I PASSED THIS WITH 115 DOLLARS LEFT!This actually caused me to quite the game for about a week due to the fear that I'd have to restart if I couldn't pay.However most of the time this a good game to play when you feel like sitting back and enjoying a good story and comedy  with some Cherries and Doctor Pepper(best combo)I give this game the simplistic numeric review of 9/10. 1 point off for those damn payments.+AMAZING soundtrack(Available on bandcamp)+Good humor+Interesting stories and politics in this world+good character arcs=Bartending mechanic gets somewhat stale(gotta do something though)-Payments are a bit extreme-ending lacks pizzazz"
76561198006395100,Recommended,447530,24949624,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lavian,"It's a fantastic visual novel with some heavy overtones in a generally silly and relaxing environment.This is my second time purchasing it. The first time was on GOG. The devs certainly earned it in my book.The characters a colorful, fun, and actually fairly over-the-top (some might find this off-putting). I personally really enjoyed all of them and their quirks.I find it difficult to really talk about what I love about it without crashing directly into spoilers (it is a visual novel after all), so I'll just mention the unique drink-mixing mechic it's got:It's interesting in that it encourages you to remember the preferences of your costomers and to generally read their mood to get their endings. Managing to memorize drinks is also pretty gratifying if you manage to do it. Otherwise it's a pretty shallow mechanic, but I'd say it's certainly a nice touch that I greatly appreciate.Also, the game perfectly manages to nail that sort of late-80s early-90s sci-fi Anime feel, which certainly suits my tastes just wonderfully. Not to mention that I'm a sucker for that sort of luminous-grunge Cyberpunk setting and style."
,Recommended,447530,29662708,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"Rich, oozing with atmosphere, killer soundtrack that highlights the artistry despite being a disparate selection of commissioned tracks...and yet I can't help but feel like the cyberpunk angle is undercut at every time. The intrigue of the corporations' in-fighting and the commentary of the economic hierarchy is eventually lost behind the personal struggles of a few characters, and while this was clearly how it was meant to be written, a greater balance could have resulted in something special, in something that truly showed the humanity beneath the chaos of reality. As is, it's still a pretty good story with some cool characters, but the way the game just stops is evident of its limited scope in spite of the atmosphere.Va-11 Hall-A basically accomplishes what it sets out to do, but by no means you should play it over its closest analogue, Papers Please."
,Recommended,447530,23722280,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,d3kr,"Incredibly well-written dialogue, great sense of humor, and honestly a relatively accurate bartending simulation, considering.Source: I am a bartender."
76561198094606599,Recommended,447530,23781693,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Itinerant,"This game is less a game and more an interactive narrative.  Normally that would be somewhat of a bad thing, but it is pulled off so well in this experience that I can say it is one of my best purchases on steam yet.  Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,447530,23781978,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Type Zero,"I came for waifu and memes but I ended up playing a SHMUP for a few hoursGreat art, great music, great characters and the writing is good enough.You would think the dialogue would be nothing but meme spewing but its not really. The memes and references are far apart from each other in the main dialogue but if you want to read nothing but memes there are optional side dialogues inbetween each day in the game.What drinks you serve to who and when affects the endings however there are some optional moments that you can serve ""wrong drinks"" that dont affect endings that cause the dialogue to branch off into a new mini route for some side characters expanding on their characters which is nice.DFC-72s is nice and all but when are we going to get a m00n-906292"
,Recommended,447530,23812283,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Wüstenfuchs,An amazing game about the mediocre life of an average person on a cyberpunk dystopia. Experience how the bartender of those moody pubs in cyberpunk worlds.
76561197978158012,Recommended,447530,23884008,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Andy Capp's Hot Fries,Worth every cent. I can see myself replaying this after I finish my first playthrough.Only thing that's bothered me so far: it's crashed once. Thankfully it encourages me to save persistently.
76561197993957398,Recommended,447530,24015241,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,The best suprise i had in recent years so far. Don't think about it and just buy it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,447530,24109956,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Enfield,"Beautifully written, with a fantastic score and gorgeous presentation. VA-11 Hall-A is quite possibly my favourite game of 2016.All the characters are unique and a joy to interact with. Jill deserves special praise for being a relatable protagonist with great characterisation.The story can get pretty heavy at points but it never feels forced or contrived unlike most VNs. All the Drama that occurs feels natural and I found myself drawn in heavily by it.Quite simply by the end of the game I cared about what happened to the characters involved. To get that sort of connection these days is pretty rare and I really recommend you pick this game up if you are curious at all.Dorothy best Grill.Jill best Girl."
76561198035161974,Recommended,447530,24158126,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ill Il Il Ill Illl,I love this game.
,Recommended,447530,24124716,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dreadtron,Chill game with fun characters and nice music.
,Recommended,447530,24155401,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mexen,"This review is subject to change as I play the game and I will definitely post my final thoughts once I have beaten it. However, so far, I have enjoyed the game. Considering I have a love for visual novels, sci-fi and 8 - 16-bit/pixelated graphics, immediately I saw this game, I thought that I needed to give it a go.Basically, you are a bartender and you serve drinks to clients. As simple as that core premise is, the game truly comes to life as you interact with different characters. The gameplay is simple enough to master quickly but the game is still smart enough to get you to make a mistake on an order or two. So you have to pay attention, which is easy because there are some pretty interesting characters in it. The music is well done, not memorable but good enough as to not distract you, the player. Some tunes are actually pretty catchy. Perhaps my only complaint for now is the price, which I feel is high, but my Venezuelan brothers need to eat. Finally, I have discovered that I best enjoy the game in 'shifts'- as in once my shift ends at the bar, I shut down the game, or when my break comes, I actually go on a break IRL. But to each his own. All in all, a solid game so far.Edit: not much has changed since my first review except I get to enjoy the game with my girlfriend now haha :)"
,Recommended,447530,23763307,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheRangenade,good game
,Recommended,447530,23867829,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TailGreen,"I play many VN- type games, but that has'nt been many VNs that have got my eye till now. The unique twist of changing your paths via serving drinks, and the thought provoking story is a breather of fresh air, and the last time i had this feeling was from mass effect and senran kagura. I would highly recommend this game for those who want to take a break from today's many thinly veiled storylines in games or who want achange of pace.Also, i recommend playing without guides on your own first to explore the gameCheers"
76561198110913350,Recommended,447530,23965489,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,graywolf416,"VA-11 Hall-A was joy to play through. The art style and atmosphere of the game are both very well done, and complement the story very well. The story itself, reminds me of that of a sitcom, with lots of humor, parodies and refences to modern products that are well known among fans of sci-fi, videogames, and anime. It does have serious moments as well, which are handled just as well as the lighter scenes, and the transition between the two tones never feels forced. I also really enjoyed learning about the characters, as they all begin off as one cyberpunk cliche or another, but progressively gain depth and relatability as the story progresses, and the one exceptionally annoying character (you'll know them when you see them) isn't overused, and dear lord, am I thankful.As far as gameplay, it is a visual novel, but the means of interaction are the drinks you serve, and while I haven't had time to experiment with the extent of the mechanic in full, I like it, and would say that the unique mystery of it warrents at least a second playthough.If visual novels and cyberpunk are your thing, then this is definately for you. Alternatively, if you're really not sure about visual novels, or if they work for you (as I am), then I think this could serve as good introduction into the medium.In short: 5/5 somethings. I loved it, can't wait to do more playthroughs! What do I have to do for a sequel?"
,Recommended,447530,23992222,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,EliteZeon,"A Cyberpunk Bartending Anime Waifu Simulator... one of the best kinds of simulators.A blind playthrough of the entire story is about 12 hours.You play as Jill, a 27 year old nerdy bartender who lives alone with her cat Fore in the year 207X. Essentially taking place in a universe similar to Shadowrun, where megacorporations rule the government, cybernetic mercenaries run on the streets, police are more corrupt and dangerous compared to the nearby gangsters and racist corporate dogs in buisness suits come in and trash the place.Being the bartender of VA-11 Hall-A or better known as Glitch City's Valhalla, you more or less have to listen to the woes and rambles of the bar patrons. The visual novel doesn't offer dialogue choices for the main character but the dialogue and world building given from characters can change depending on the alcohol you give them. For all of the true endings, you must know your regulars extremely well enough to know what kind of drink they may actually want when they are feeling the cyberpunk blues and become best friends with the many neon-colored haired anime customers. There is no time limit when making drinks, so there is no tension, giving a very relaxing feel and pace.The dialogue between characters is extremely well thought out and dynamic with just about every character memorable. The game serves as a really well made world building experience. Any fans of Anime, Cyberpunk, or Visual Novels should give this Cyberpunk Bartending Action a shot, pun slightly intended.Welp, time to incorporate this stuff into my Shadowrun campaign."
76561198279686753,Recommended,447530,24002900,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,this is a pen,"just finish the whole game and GOD it was amazing. the visual, art,and story are all good and mix by a top notch bartender like jill and you get this masterpiece. AND i need the sequel right nowalthough I wish they show what happened during the New year party and who Gil's girlfriend is and MORE KIRAMIKI"
76561198034801058,Recommended,447530,24115301,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,76561198034801058,"I wish the soundtrack would be released as an album in its own right...its wonderfully composed.  As for the game - well there isn't really much of a 'game' here, in the traditional sense, but who the hell cares - this is interactive fiction at its best.  Great characters, beautiful retro art and an awesome soundtrack.  Can't go wrong with it really - unless you have an aversion to reading!10/10 would subscribe to streaming-chan!"
,Recommended,447530,24119028,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Largahblarga,"I've only played Chapter 1 so far.Normally I avoid what are essentially VNs for more action oriented stuff.I don't even drink more than the occasional beer.But what the ♥♥♥♥ this story has me hooked.This is one of those things you want to go into not knowing what to expect.If you're on the fence, give it until Day 7. You'll know what I mean. I got there in about an hour and a half, but I'm a moderate to fast reader."
76561198018248083,Recommended,447530,24221150,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sir Bagel,"Pros:Solid StorylineLike-able CharactersSimple mechanics, but leaves room for adding yor own way of playing.Cons:Playcycles are short, though there are many paths per playthrough.Overall: 8/10A very enjoyable experience, if a bit short. came to serve drinks and change lives. nothing more, nothing less"
,Recommended,447530,24224231,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,xores,"I can't get over the fact that every character has a story to tell, a personality that shows and is expressed so well. This visual novel is definitely unique to what I've played before, especially since this is based on a perspective of ""finding out the story without being 'in' the story"" if you know what I mean. It's a great alternative of getting to know what life is going on outside of VA-11 HALL-A, a new change of pace (for me anyway) and mainly focusing on different character developments. Sure, you mix drinks and you talk with some clients, but in each request that's given to you always has a way of making you think, each drink you serve is kind of like getting to know how the characters think, and essentially learning who they are as beings.The story draws in their audience and makes you play a role of being an tentative listener, a good observer and overall being a friend to the characters you develop a friendship with.I've seen this game on my recommended list but passed it a few times until I actually gave it a chance. I missed it when it was on sale and paid the full price, but honestly, this game is definitely worth the money. I'm absolutely in love with this game."
76561198035697623,Recommended,447530,24098061,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Noxen7,"It's not everyday where you get to play as a Bisexual 27 year old woman, whose addicted to smoking and serves drinks in a bar called Valhalla.CharactersIn all seriousness, this game is amazing. The characters in this game are round and have a surprisingly amount of depth to them. The things you see in the news can come up again, and it's those small details you have to look out for in order to fully understand some characters or events that happen in the game.GameplayThe gameplay is solid, easy to understand, and requires you to have a keen eye to some clients special tastes or requirements. The choices you make, the drinks you serve, all decide an ending for you. This game isn't the most gameplay heavy, but it's still just as enjoyable..SoundtrackThe Soundtrack of this game is mesmerizing, some songs can get really help you understand the some-what dark tone this game has, but you can also see the lighter side of things as well. The music in this game can beautifully express that, as well as having quite the diverse genre of songs to pick from.VisualsVisuals are something that may not be a thing in some games, but here, it's definitely something to take a gander at. The enviroments and characters look great to it's Cyber-Punk theme, and it's definitely something you shouldn't underestimate.Story/LoreThere is a vast amount of Lore and story in this game. It's set in Glitch City, year 207X and many things have happened. Not going to spoil any of it, you can find that out in the conversations you have as well as reading the news, but what I can say is that it's very deep and intriguing to me.ConclusionOverall, I see nothing bad about this game, and if you enjoy Story/Lore then this is the right game for you. It's not the most gameplay heavy game, but it more than makes up for it in the story aspect. I hope everyone reading this will get a chance toMix Drinks, and Change Lives."
,Recommended,447530,24152952,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,yene,"I usually don't laugh but this game delivers, and with just three lines of dialog. INSANE!"
,Recommended,447530,24165188,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rin,Best
,Recommended,447530,24222036,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AndrewRogue,"I'm gonna be blunt, here: I've got some tiny nitpicks about the game. But honestly, harping on them feels like a phenomenal waste of time.Stellar experience, absolutely top-notch writing and character work. If you want a good story, this is it."
,Recommended,447530,28595880,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lillyloude,"I did not have enough chips and drink to finish this game with, thank you so much for making this, 10 hour playthrough, so glad i got the good ending, sleep time. merry xmas <3"
76561198147864308,Recommended,447530,28523797,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Moses,"First off, love this game. It's very story driven game and if you're into that, you'll be having a great time. Not much action execpt you get to mix drinks which you have a list of. It's not anything too fancy but it got me because of the sweet cyberpunk-ish soundtrack and retro gaming 8-bit design. I dunno, was a weird combo but it worked for me. :/"
,Recommended,447530,28451322,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,plasil,"Sugar Rush -  $150A Sugar Rush is 2 Aldehyde and 1 PowderedDelta with optional Karmotrine. All mixed.""Sweet, light and fruity. As girly as it gets.""Sweet, Girly, Happy."
,Recommended,447530,26835150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,「Pyon~」,A must have for any self-respected waifu connoiseur.
,Recommended,447530,26696697,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jamedog,"A superb visual novel with a great narrative and language. Not for everyone, but those who know what they're in for will appreciate this.The soundtrack? Well, the soundtrack is very good."
76561198017848815,Recommended,447530,26580183,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Artimari-☆,"10/10 music, 10/10 comedy, 10/10 bartending simulator. Comfy and fun as heck. Unless you hate reading, buy this."
,Recommended,447530,26959676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord of Spirals,"Easily one of the best visual novels on Steam, and more accessible for people unfamiliar with visual novels because of the added gameplay elements. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,447530,26974756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prinny,"According to certain definitions, VA-11 Hall-A is not a ""game."" Even though you mix drinks and change lives, and often without being prompted to do so (at least the latter part of that), it will indeed resemble more of a visual novel than anything.That said, this game has nice-looking pixel art, good music, and wonderful writing. It's absolutely worth your time and money just meet and get to know the characters. The only downside is: sequel when?"
,Recommended,447530,28818304,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Neon Dystopia,"Best sound track I have ever heard, awesome characters, very interesting, funny, sad, and you can relate with the characters. Overall my favorite game of 2016. My favorite soundtrack of all time."
,Recommended,447530,27507342,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uncreative Name,You know you want to make everyone drunk.
,Recommended,447530,29177814,Posted: 10 January,all,DarkWr4ith,"This game is a Cyberpunk visual novel type game set in the future. It has an interesting mechanic where the only way you can really interact with the characters is through serving drinks. All the games choices and paths derive from this mechanic. It has a really good story, amazingly likable characters and incredibly well-written dialog. Overall I cannot recommend this game enough.10/10 didn't expect the Dorothinquisition!"
,Recommended,447530,29436795,Posted: 22 January,all,No One Sleeps In Tokyo,"I've been following this game for a while through Garoad, the artist that did the soundtrack, and I finally picked this up a few weeks ago. Sukeban Games did an outstanding job crafting what I found to be one of the most enjoyable indie games of 2016. While playing, I really got to enjoy meeting the various characters that strolled into Vallhalla, listening to the various songs that were on the jukebox every shift, unveiling the stories that the clients shared, and following the story that unfolded for our protagonist Jill Stingray. I really enjoyed this game, and I can't wait to see more from Sukeban Games in the near future."
,Recommended,447530,29953943,Posted: 15 February,all,Kensworth,"tl;dr - Lets me live my fantasy of being a pansexual female bartender in a dystopian cyberpunk world. 11/10 GOTYAY---On a serious note, there's a lot of ""Story Games"" out there and I'm usually hesitant to spend more than $5 on something that doesn't provide competitive interaction.VA-11 Hall-A deserves every penny it charges and is worth AAA pricing, truly.In one chapter of gameplay I've spoken with characters about (and in no way limited to):- ethics of mind uploading- the pretentious snark of philosophy majors- dank memes- the inert spending of the sexually frustrated- commonplace corruption within corporations and governments- hollywood's comical view of hacking-art vandelayEvery character feels so intimately unique, and I can't wait to continue my interactions with the rotating ensemble of visitors. I long to live in a cyberpunk world and this game gives meSO MANY IMMERSIONS.I will update this review when I ""finish"" the story, but I'm sure my positivity will remain.edit: Yep, still awesome. I will definitely be playing again and again."
76561198066677912,Recommended,447530,29863317,Posted: 11 February,all,Blue Ball Boy,"This game made me want to be a bartender. Well other then that, the game is very enjoyable and if you like a narrative game with some interesting and fun gameplay, then you'd enjoy this game. I would recommend this game to anyone, but especially to people who enjoy a good story and some fun gameplay. Also you only need one hand to play, so you can enjoy the experience with some snacks and such."
,Recommended,447530,28533942,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CaptainVanguard,"I will say this before going into this.  This may not be the best visual novel to start unless you're into particularly mature storylines with a strong enphasis of dialogue and very little action.This is a game with a marmite effect, but honestly, its fanbase including myself will be all but screaming for a sequel considering how interesting it is and how appealing it could be.Valhalla's universe is a cyberpunk setting with a very different feel to the dystopia's of bladerunner, minority report and other settings like deus ex.Let me be clear, you're not going into this game to shoot people, beat up bad guys, and fight wars, you're here to serve drinks, listen to people talk, and learn their life stories.The main protagonist, Jill, is quite the complicated but simple woman all in the same aspect.  The story is very mature and set in a very mature enviroment treating its audience like adults.  The dialogue, is hilarious and well written and every character (every) character even the minor ones have some enjoyable moments to shine.I wont spoil the plot in detail only that you will find this is a Visual Novel, not, a RPG, and most of the special storytelling aspects are driven by your player choices in what drink you give to people during dialogue.Your drink is not strictly limited to what they ask for either, sometimes, you can just give them anything.  Doing certain things will also lead to unexpected additions of story that reveal more to the plot than you might initally see.  It gives Valhalla at least enough for 3-4 different playthroughs to enjoy all the endings and storyline divergances just to know whats going on in detail.Regardless, Valhalla is an excelent game, one id recommend to anyone looking for a deep visual novel, but with an enphasis on this.  Its not going to appeal to you if your looking for action, excitement and adventure, but if your a mellow person or looking for something mellow, slow, and deep, this is perfect for anyone into that kind of storytelling."
,Recommended,447530,27767653,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hijinks_the_turtle,"First of all, I played most of this game offline and stuff, hence why it looks like I've only 1 hour and very few badges/achievements of this game thus far.  Now, for the review!Man this game....This thing is one hell of a game.  Now, I normally don't play Visual Novels due to the stigma associated with them and due to how many of them just feel far too 'fanservice-y' and the like.  However, in this game filled with colorful characters and a rather down to earth story you'd not expect of a VN type game, you really get to see how the world is through the main character's eyes and see things from her perspective.  It's a shame it's such a narrow slice of the pie, but it's a deep and dense slice.  The lore and things happening while you serve drinks and chat with customers is one where you connect the dots at how each character is connected with who and how the entire thing plays out as you just try to live life and survive by paying rent.Really an amazing thing, and I've not even talked about the awesome retro aesthetic to this game yet!  Obviously, if you've gotten this far into the review, you should know by now that the real content here is the story and its characters.  Yes, the music is absolutely god-like and the art is amazing, but many of the characters you find in the game really feel like they've lives outside the little window you get to see of them in the game.  And that's great for a game, even books can have a hard time doing just that.  The gameplay matches the whole thing and is simple enough to where one could eventually memorize the entire breakdown of all the drinks and create them super fast, kinda like a veteran bartender, no?  Neat if you ask me, but the actual drink mixing and such might be a bore for some, others may call it 'zen'.  Also, you can even change parts of the story on how drunk you might get someone.  Not big changes mind you, but ones that gives you more story and a slightly deeper look into the characters.  Hell, even if you get the orders intentionally wrong or whatnot, things do change.  There's even a few secret characters, other Easter eggs and the like depending on what you do in-game.Anyway, this is a recommend for me.  Good stuff is found here."
,Recommended,447530,28713314,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Roxy,10/10 will serve Sugar Rush again
76561198050307710,Recommended,447530,28336601,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,cis scum,"Mega-Christmas is approaching so it's about time I do my recent tradition of playing through Valhalla and watching all of Bartender. For wahtever reason Christmas for me is about watching and playing a story about an average run of the mill bartender.Valhalla is a special game. The opening lets you know that the story is best enjoyed with a drink, and to be as cozy as possible. In a sense, that's what this game is. It exudes a sense of coziness unrivaled by any other game I've ever played. Somehow a story set in a depressing cyberpunk future where people are cut down in the streets and corporations practically rule the world evokes such a strong sense of comfort in me. The characters all have distinct personality, and as the game progresses you'll get to know every person who comes to your bar on a rather intimate level. Maybe you may not like them, but you'll KNOW them, a feat not accomplished by many games. Perhaps this is due to the fact that the game cleverly has a base mechanic of serving up a regular his or her's favorite drink to unlock little extra dialogues that let you know them so well, but whatever it is, it works. By the end of the story you will have grown to legitimately care for most characters coming into the bar; or, at the very least, be able to serve them something that will help them get through the night.The music is excellent, completely setting the mood for a foray into a dystopian cyberpunk future. I'd discuss that aspect more, but it honestly doesn't have to be talked about much, it's great, nuff said. I use parts of the OST for my gym playlist, other parts to help me fall asleep, if that doesn't speak for the wide array of emotions it helps me feel than I don't know what will.Little pop culture references pop up from time to time, never feeling forced, and flowing nicely with the pace of the game. There's a little something from every subculture here, mostly catered to the anime crowd, but still delivering little gags nearly any self-professed nerd will chuckle at.In short, this is a game to relax to. There are some stressful elements, i.e. paying your rent and trying to serve up drinks as fast as possible for that nice tip, but the game does well to separate these with a lot of relaxing, immersive dialogue, some of you (the seasoned VN crowd) will love the talking, others may hate it. That would be my only disclaimer I suppose, if you're not into VNs you probably won't dig this game. For those of you unfamiliar with the genre think of Valhalla as a sort of interactive book. There's a lot of reading. None of it bad mind you, and I never felt bored with the game (although I wish there was a text speed setting) but you will have to read a lot, so if that's not your thing, than step away now.To finish up, if you love a good story, you'll love this game. This is one of those stories where you will no doubt feel a deep connection with all of the characters, I found myself self-inserting as the FeMC nearly the whole time, and I hope you will too. As a quick little tidbit, if you buy the game from itch.io the developers recieve a larger cut plus you get a free prologue as well, so I's recommend that route if you have decided to purchase this. Once again, I cannot stress how amazing this game is. If you live in a cold area like me, this is the perfect story to cozy up next to a window and watch the snow fall as you work your way through a dystopian future. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have drinks to mix and lives to change."
,Recommended,447530,27279004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Fourth God,"Similar in many ways to Papers Please, the gameplay is based on making the right drink for the right person. It is, however, much more story-driven than Papers Please and the game tells you exactly what to do, for the most part, unless you're aiming for the ""true"" endings for each character. What with the great cast of characters and the sheer amount of memes involved, it's definitely worth a play.However for some reason the ""Got all achievements"" achievement unlock just before I got the last achievement, and now the game's page is ruined for me since I don't see the right achievement under ""last achievement earned"". This triggers me.0/10"
76561198184601575,Recommended,447530,28018294,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tired entity,This is the first visual noval game I have ever played and itturned out to be one of the best games ive ever played on steam. hands down a 10/10
76561197970378993,Recommended,447530,25239203,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Circuitry,What a wonderful little gem this is! :-)Edit: Nominated for steam game awards 2016.
,Recommended,447530,28932506,Posted: 2 January,all,Dr. Adorable,"It's not everyone's game but this is the most amazing game I've played in a while. VA-11 Hall-A takes the idea of making story based games and sets the bar for other developers to tackle. The gameplay is very simplistic and easy, which paves the way for a complete focus on characters, dialogue, and world building. As of result, VA-11 Hall-A presents to you a world that is just as real as the one that surrounds you, even if it the alternate reality contains talking dogs and robot sex workers.VA-11 Hall-A definitely made the top 10 list in my book, and probably when I look back later, it will be my number one favourite game."
76561197960560537,Recommended,447530,30048702,Posted: 19 February,all,sneakykow,It's worth buying this game for the soundtrack alone.
,Recommended,447530,23753580,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"The core gameplay loop does get repedetive without new elements or challenges being added, but given the spectacular worldbuilding, characterization, and the general quality of writing on display here, as well as the fantastic art, this is a game I will gleefully recommend.  Think of it more like a novel with light gameplay elements.(also I may or may not need a cuddling session with Dorothy)"
,Recommended,447530,24614069,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Fiji,"Description says it all, and lived up to its expectations.When I clicked the New Game button, the boredm I've had for days wore off me. It drawed me into the storyline, which is the main focus of this game. In my opinion, the storyline is just right, even including some interesting backstories which is a feature I'm usually picky on. As you progress into the game, things get more serious and you'll find yourself making bonds with different characters. The storyline is non-linear, meaning that you can have multiple endings depending on your actions with other characters and also one other factor (which I won't say to avoid spoiling the storyline). If you finish the storyline, you can start a New Game + and you even get tips on how to get different endings.As far as gameplay mechanics go, they're pretty good. It involves remembering certain characters' favourite drink and conserving cash for your upcoming bills. There is another interesting feature; at the start of most days, you will have an option to buy an item so Jill, the main protagonist, does not lose focus. This basically means that when somebody asks for a drink and the navigation menu shows itself, the text box on the bottom tells you what drink they want and perhaps any recommendations for the drinks. If you lose focus, you don't get that and are greeted with distracted thoughts, giving you no help or recommendations whatsoever. It's good if you have a good memory or know what the characters like, but if you can not remember what the person wanted, you will either have to reload the save, get the drink wrong (thus voiding your flawless service bonus) or miraculously guess the drink correctly. It's an interesting mechanic.Graphics are great, especially for the theme of the game. Going back to PC98 surely feels good. There's also an option to activate screen lines, which is nice. Character design is well executed, too. The game sticks to its theme throughout, so no sudden HD images, they will all have a pixelated theme. I'm happy about that.Theres nothing bad about this game if you asked me. I binge played this game until I completed the story, and I plan on starting a New Game + to get all the endings. If you like a good visual novel as well as gameplay mechanics, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,447530,27578080,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Abarax,"Played the Prologue a few years ago, then forgot about it until this was released. Met the Devs on a certain image-board and tried to help them escape Venezuala, turns out they are labelled as cultural artists and are forbidden to leave the country. The story of the game is a masterful reflection and criticism of their own homelands state, as well as a comment on the economic and social mindset of their people. Also has waifus in itJill is best"
,Recommended,447530,28690427,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ultimate turkey Bagel,My first review of a game on steam despite not having completed the whole game yet. The music in the game is very good and the characters for the most part seem fairly interesting as for gameplay it's no hack and slash the finer aspects are the sound and characters
,Recommended,447530,29315086,Posted: 17 January,all,Nobod_E,rad shiba is best girl
,Recommended,447530,29599640,Posted: 30 January,all,*patch,"This is an amazing game that flew under the radar, and it shouldn't have."
,Recommended,447530,23714777,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gungnir,"VA-11 HALL-A is everything in the description and more. Sure there are waifus (that you can't really romance, so if you're in it for that steer away) but even the non female characters are likable. The story isn't very deep, but it is a rather nice story barring the ""good"" ending where only one major thread is solved. The game has some good humor in it, with a good chuckle or lol here and there.The one bad side though is pretty much the entire bit involving Jill's love life. It gets a tad preachy for my tastes, but it isn't overly obnoxious. Some of the hints for what drinks some characters want are also really out there (like 17). Jill being distracted isn't really as a crippling mechanic either.Overall, the game is well worth a playthrough. It has a unique concept behind it with likable characters and atmosphere. Some good music also sets some great vibes during the conversations as well."
76561197997046452,Recommended,447530,23716900,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BitVyper,"Excellent gameIt reminds me of Dysfunctional Systems by succeeding in a big way where that game failed.  In Dysfunctional Systems, we were deluged with information which was ultimately worthless, and learning that information in no way paid off.   The character knew everything she needed to know whether we read logs or not, and it left me feeling cheated.  This game, on the other hand, uses the bartending game to get you to engage with its characters and remember the little things about them, and it rewards you for it.  This turns what would otherwise be another boring kinetic novel into a very engaging experience.  It really shows just how much you can do with even a little gameplay.Music and art are excellent.  The aesthetic vision is very nicely realised in character designs and backgrounds, and it's all wonderfully complemented by the soundtrack.  I'd like to applaud the artists for their efforts.Continuing a bit about the writing; the setting opens up in a very gradual sort of way that's really nice to see, and consistently leaves me wanting to see what will come next.  Lots of mysterious details keep me interested in seeing how it unfolds.  The same goes for the characters themselves.  It's a level of world-building that I haven't seen in awhile, and it's nice.  My one complaint is that more should have been done with Anna.Anyway, great game.  In some ways, it reminds me of Papers Please, largely on the play side.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,447530,23723641,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Namz ( ◍＞◡＜◍),"It promised and it delivered. Complex topics, very interesting characters and great writing and a special sense of humor make this all a great mix you shouldn't miss if you like cyberpunk. Even if you dislike the anime style I'd say you should try it.After ~11-12 hours I finished the first playthrough and it leaves me wanting for a sequel really badly. You get to know the characters and fall in love with them if you want or not. They all have their own personality and quirks, their own share of problems and opinions they are willing to share with you over a drink in this bar.I'm curious to see if something / what changes in the NG+.Pro:- Great writing and story- Humor- Many memes and references to pop culture- Wide cast of likeable characters (even the unfriendly or rude ones are likeable )- Emotionally engaging- Influence people with drinks (and the amount of alcohol in them)- Great SoundtrackCons:- Not as much gameplay as you'd expect (mixing drinks gets repetitive)- Savepoints only at the end of a day / during your breaks"
76561198062897950,Recommended,447530,23722010,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CloudShepherd,"At the time of writing this, I'm only an hour in. So far, this game was totally worth a measly 15 bucks. Immediately this game sells you on it's atmosphere and setting. Even if you don't like reading, the aesthetic and sound design is outstanding and the writing is surprisingly more mature than I thought it was going to be. On top of the mature subject matter you have with the first couple customers, their stories are believeable and the characters, for the most part, make sense.Trust me, I'm the last person who wants to spend their free time reading a book; this game is worth your time and money. Even if this genre of game isn't up your alley, your still missing out on a real treat and I denounce any for passing this kind of experience up. Also remember this game is meant to be played at YOUR pace. So sit back, relax and soak in the music."
76561198167262648,Recommended,447530,23724182,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,That One Guy,"MC makes a voice to pretend her cats talks, 11/10 it's okaySeriously though, this has been a very comfy ride.The OST is great, visuals are nice and cozy, the writing is in general pretty good for the genre - and doesn't suffer from awkwardly translation japanese humor.Some bits will fly right over your head if you're not familiar with memes in general and an image board that rhymes with ""orchan"" in particular.The bartending gameplay and money management prevents it from being getting too monotonous and is a nice alternative to picking dialogue choices to bring changes in the route.Don't expect this game to be a thorough bartending simulator or a deep cyberpunk story/study.But if you want to get really comfy for 10 hours or so, I recommend this heartily."
,Recommended,447530,24247149,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jill Stingray,"This is probably my Game of the year. I'm a sap for cute waifus, chill music, great art, and an amazing experience. VA-11 HALL-A satisfies all of those. It even has a great sense of humor, so that's bonus points. I did one run in 8.2 hours in one day, but I also read pretty fast so it might be a bit longer. I can't recommend it enough and I can't wait for more games by the devs!"
,Recommended,447530,23774321,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,「Funky Dealer」,"pretty good visual novel, visuals are top notch"
76561197965135918,Recommended,447530,24270396,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Headdie,"I have just started Game + and have to say that the game is mechanically simple *but* this is the most emotionally invested I have gotten in a game's story for a good while, the meat of the story takes a little while to kick in but when it does, well I was sucked in right to the end.I would certainly recommend this for someone who enjoys being sucked into a good book."
,Recommended,447530,29109009,Posted: 7 January,all,Lith,My GOTY in 2016 and easily one of my favorite games of all time. Great stories and fun times.P.S. Anna is waifu!P.P.S. I just wanted to actually talk about something I love about this game. The endings in this game are unique because they are NOT disjoint. This is such a unique and incredible idea that I LOVE. Surprised I haven't seen any other game do something like this. Just one of the many reasons why I love this game. Can't wait for more from Sukeban!
,Recommended,447530,30093898,Posted: 21 February,all,Fat_Alberta,"You know, sometimes it's so nice to pick up something without having any idea whatsoever what it is or what it's really about. I feel like a lot of that has been lost these days; everything is so saturated with information that picking up a game without knoxing anything about it is intriniscally difficult because you've probably heard all about it several times over, even if you didn't intend to. I saw this in my Steam queue one day, figured why the hell not, and picked it up.And I couldn't be happier.If you have any interest in VN's, glorious waifu material, or top-tier slice-of-life writing and storytelling, stop reading this and just buy the damn game already.I knew the game was going to be something special when I opened up the settings and there was an option to turn on *scanlines* -- like, ♥♥♥♥ing old-school CRT scanlines. Seriously, how cool is that? The game definitely has a retro aesthetic, and this attention to detail is evident in every aspect of the game from its visual design and the little flavor text in the cocktail descriptions to the surprisingly subtle, exceptionally nuanced writing and characters. With every AAA game these days being so obsessed with big, earth-shattering binary decisions and placing you in a pivotal role in the middle of massive events, it's so refreshing to play something with such a tight, intimate focus (and an inventive take on player agency). You'll find no heroes in Valhalla -- just a bunch of misfits just trying to get by, longing for human connection, and still learning to let go of the past.Oh, and waifus. Can't forget about those.I booted this up expecting cocktails and Blade Runner. And while I got all that, I also got talking dogs, sexbots, a littany of shady and sordid pasts, side-splitting humor, and a character-driven story that actually had me choking up a bit at times. It's a beautiful game and proof that you don't need to kill thousands of people to make for an engaging experience.Odds are, if you're even on the Steam page for this thing in the first place, you're probably into some pretty niche♥♥♥♥♥♥ so who are you kidding? You know you want it. And when can you honestly say was the last time you played a game about a Cyberpunk bartender? Or Cyberpunk anything, for that matter? It's a criminally underrepresented aesthetic in gaming. (Looking at you, CD Projekt Red -- don't make me wait forever)"
,Recommended,447530,28030332,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mara,Pretty deep stuff with spot on but subtle references.
,Recommended,447530,31752337,Posted: 14 May,all,Qrow,"This game is worth your money the character's, the story, the new people you meet everything about this game is perfect this game is 10/10 in my book"
76561198146702280,Recommended,447530,28902570,Posted: 1 January,all,Chiyo,My piece o' scrap. <3 (´・ω・`)
76561198125505613,Recommended,447530,32308697,Posted: 9 June,all,ibandosftw,"Absolutely solid game, interesting take on a VN type-game good story many likable characters and overall great experience."
76561198065487246,Recommended,447530,28353132,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Vive La Blanc,10/10 would tend to the waifus again.
,Recommended,447530,33119418,Posted: 2 July,all,WildAndWoolley,"I've barely started this game (currently 2 hours) and it's one of my favorites. The gameplay is simple and doesn't become tedious or distract from the story. The characters are memorable and unique, and they all have their own stories. The game makes you care about them in a way that only a dialogue-centric game can do. If you can get it on a sale, do. It's dirt cheap and has hours of interesting story and (as far as I can tell) has a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,447530,33257392,Posted: 4 July,all,Kovelle,"Every once and a while you play a game that changes you in some way. This is one of those games.Well developed characters. Amazing world building through so many interesting ways. Coherent plot. Understandable and surprisingly fun gameplay. Great soundtrack. Amazing visuals.Please, play this game."
,Recommended,447530,29433949,Posted: 22 January,all,cbear_,"The first visual novel I liked, and one of my new favorite games."
,Recommended,447530,33210043,Posted: 3 July,all,hobobishop,"Needs a sequal. If you need a thing to chill to, this is it. Drinking games can be had."
,Recommended,447530,33292253,Posted: 5 July,all,jess,"EVERYONE NEEDS TO STOP SLEEPING ON THIS GAMEIt was so easy to fall in love with this game, even within the first 10 minutes, all i have to say is that it was such a great experience. The characters, the soundtrack, everything was just so flawless and well done. If you are debating whether or not to play Valhalla. JUST DO IT."
,Recommended,447530,33291667,Posted: 5 July,all,ScientificLego,The stupid mechanic that allows you to just drink beer made me so happy and I don't know why. Quality game and story.G GI give it a solid5 black santas out of 5.
76561198106195239,Recommended,447530,33301136,Posted: 5 July,all,Kirarin,"Great visual novel!Good setting, pretty music, gameplay and story are nice, likable characters. Slices are not exactly my cup of tea, but I can always enjoy a good tea.The strongest point of the game besides atmosphere perhaps would be its subtlety in story-telling which I found quite amusing.Unlocking all of the achievements was very fun after the first playthrough."
,Recommended,447530,33161222,Posted: 2 July,all,Thesis,Time to serve mix and change lives.
,Recommended,447530,33417805,Posted: 9 July,all,Mordred,"Prepare to be emotionally invested in the life of Jill, the gay bartender as she meets interesting people and interesting stories and events unfold around herThe storytelling, the art, the music, the characters.. you couldn't ask for a better, more relaxing evening experience when playing a VN. And when you're done relaxing, the plot does escalate into a roller coaster ride of emotionsI just wish it would last foreverStrongly recommend.  Soon it's your turn to ""Mix drinks and change lives"""
,Recommended,447530,29532872,Posted: 27 January,all,Zezima,"A great little VN that stands out from the crowd, but probably not for everyone. On the positive side, the music, visuals, spritework, mood, and tone of the game are all top notch. The atmosphere is dreary, pessimistic, and dystopic, but the characters breath a lot of life into the world and have good, realistic interactions. You don't get to dive in depth into the backstories of any character. Instead, you get snapshots of their lives, feelings, and motivations; just enough to leave you looking forward to the next time they step into the bar.The themes and delivery are appropriately adult, not heavy handed, but still manage to be goofy and lighthearted here and there. The little details really sell the immersion. Browsing chatrooms on your phone, drinking beers with your boss, and taking smoke breaks behind the bar just make you feel that much more inside the world of VA-11 Hall-A.It's short. My first playthrough was 15 hours, and that was with carefully taking my time to get every drink that I could right. The replay value is entirely in seeing what kind of different reactions you can get based on what drinks you serve. It's not super compelling for me, but does offer a lot of character development. It's a tad feature-lite. Therearelots of nice little personal touches and the game feels polished, but I don't think there was a lot of opportunities to get inventive with the drinks. You mostly follow directions and pay attention to fairly obvious hints. There are only a handful of occasions where you have to deduce or read between the lines. I would have greatly enjoyed Jill needing to read into the characters' dialogue to get a sense of what they really want, not just what they say.That said, it's worth the $15 for someone who likes VNs, and because it's on the shorter side it's good for someone who wants to try out the genre (Ace Attorney are the only VNs I've played prior). It's notjustdialogue, so it's good for those that want some fun mechanics with their storytelling. But what really makes the game special is it's atmosphere. If you like a cyberpunk setting, or at least like rough-around-the-edges characters dealing with dystopic themes, I think you can get into this.Now excuse me while I go google Alma fanart."
,Recommended,447530,24877857,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Redsnowss,"Amazing game, I do not regret paying full price for the game.I play periodically every day to savor the story, would recommend."
,Recommended,447530,25612197,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,the owner of the white sedan,"OH MY GOD I LOVE IT.I picked up this game this weekend and I played it for a little while and got interested. I was at my friend's house on his computer, though, so I had to restart my save when I got home. I started playing and caught up to where I was thanks to holding ctrl(which skips large chunks of dialogue). I've shared numerous quotes from the game with my friends for a laugh and I just- I LOVE IT.. I want to keep this game and play it over and over, but sadly it would get boring. The characters are developed perfectly, the setting is really cool, and I think the gameplay is sweet and simple. It honestly is one of the best games I've played in a long time."
76561198027778049,Recommended,447530,30082184,Posted: 21 February,all,Akira,"I was looking for a good game to play, a different one.  Because of that i searched and found this one here. When i saw it my first thought was: Cyberpunk Bartender Action??? What kind of genre is that?? What the hell is that thing? Then, i concluded that i found what i was looking for. But when i started playing i really liked the game. Although it is mostly reading, you feel relaxed playing it, since the characters have good dialogues and a profound relationship. Also, the story has a deep meaning since the dialogues, in general, make us think about our world and show us things that we do not usually talk with other people. If you buy the game, I hope you guys enjoy it like i did, and if you are looking for something different and good, then this is the game you are searching for."
,Recommended,447530,23950797,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Valmar,This is the only video game where I have ever served liquor to a talking corgi and a gay version of Kaneda from Akira. Absolutely magnificent.
,Recommended,447530,28881766,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vie,"I've just finished this game after buying it on the offhand suggestion of a Reddit user, and boy did I enjoy it. I love a good VN when they're done right, and this one ticks all the boxes. The art style and colours were what originally drew me in, but having played through the game, I can say that the overall presentation - the music, the text, the UI, everything - was beautiful in addition to the graphics.The main strength of this game is the story, though. It's a slice-of-life tale about a bartender living in a cyberpunk city, far into the future, where the norms of the world are completely different. Robots are akin to humans, having gained sentience, and any kind of controversy over sexuality is long gone. Brief mentions of flying cars and 'nanomachines' by characters in the game build up the world even better through subtle means.You live through a series of vignettes, really, and come to know all the regulars as you mix their favourite drink in a neat little bartending minigame, building relationships with them and discussing all manner of things.It's a very warm game with great dialogue and believable character interaction, and tied with the gorgeous art and music that perfectly immersed me in Glitch City, I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone on the fence. It's on sale right now, too! Help support these wonderful developers, they completely deserve it. <3"
76561198057802656,Recommended,447530,30021026,Posted: 18 February,all,[CYA] SamDanvers,As somone that struggles to relax and let it go. There's somethign soothing about bartending and listening to the troubles and happenings of an eclectic cast of characters. From the life saving Valkyrie to a news man more sleezy than J.J.Jameson and Rupert Murdoch combined.
,Recommended,447530,26868095,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dont know how to use a computer,"gameplays a bit lacking but its a VN so thats not the reason youre buying this tbhi dont think there was a character i disliked, all enjoyable and interesting"
76561198052697693,Recommended,447530,30904640,Posted: 2 April,all,xMerigold,"So full disclosure, I am a sucker for 1.) shopkeeper games and 2.) quality visual novel games. This is both of those and knocks most other games of either genre out of the water. The actual gameplay is simple but enjoyable, between crafting beverages and reading bits and pieces here and there about the world's bigger plots going on around your humble bar. The storytelling is immersive and compelling. There's a diverse cast of characters combined with the cyberpunk setting that makes everyone feel unique.I almost did not buy this game because of its goofy marketing 'waifu bartender simulator' gimmick but changed my mind based on recommendations of friends and I was not disappointed."
,Recommended,447530,30894276,Posted: 1 April,all,AdmiralQuincy,"8.5/10Art is great, story is is decent. Music could be better, but there's a large variety to choose from.This is visual novel type game, and gameplay is very repetitive. If that interests you, this is a great game. If you're more into action-based games, probably not the best game for you.The art is kind of pixelized, maybe to look more retro or cyberpunk-ish, but the devs do a great job anyway, and all the characters look great.The story doesn't leave a particularly deep impression, but will keep you engaged throughout the game.The music is all chiptune, digitalized music, and most of it is ambient and sound similar. The ones that aren't are pretty different from each other, and you have a lot of songs to choose from."
,Recommended,447530,27626678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Karrabba,"An incredibly well-written and uniquely designed visual novel.  Many different routes, endings, and possibilities, none of which are dictated by the usual cliche dialogue choice mechanics.  Instead, your destiny is determined by your bartending skills and how well you listen to and care for your customers.  Every character is ridiculously charming, and if you're anything like me, you will find yourself completely invested in their lives and relationships."
76561198073078297,Recommended,447530,27950666,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Titanium Sloth,"I love this game. The gameplay itself isn't especially exciting on it's own, but it's just a very relaxing and enjoyable way to spend some time with interesting dialogue and characters."
76561198030903982,Recommended,447530,28019723,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Milo Train,"This one's outside my comfort zone, so maybe I just don't ""get"" some things.It's a long-lasting, comfortable depiction of being a 'quirky' bartender to anime people with very large♥♥♥♥♥♥ However, it's got a depiction of reality that feels rather... real, which is different from what I know of most things having to do with anime. However, I really didn't enjoy the stories that seemed geared to tug at my heartstrings.Would sit in my apartment after waking up at 2 PM and read future cyberpunk reddit posts again."
76561198067133282,Recommended,447530,28003428,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gainax,"The combination of the cyberpunk dystopian theme,beautiful story,fitting music,lovable charactersand mixing drinks is fun and extremely immersive.Overall a great experience."
,Recommended,447530,27124317,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2049,Well-written dialogue with a cool setting and awesome characters.  Worth every penny and one of my favourite games on Steam at the moment.Time to mix drinks and change lives.
,Recommended,447530,26781778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Konbini,Waifus and cyberpunk.That's all I love.
,Recommended,447530,26481300,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,BabyRabbi,"Va-11 Hall-A is easily one of the best visual novels of 2016...no, of all time.Amazing graphics, story, an awesome aesthetic and feel, great character development, and an overall amazing feeling to the whole experience. I found it fun to obtain all the endings and discover the secrets I found out about every playthrough."
,Recommended,447530,28793648,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Remas,A very atmospheric game in a cyberpunk setting. This is probably the best interactive visual novel that I have ever played.
,Recommended,447530,28770274,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Toastkoro,"This is one of those games where the love the devs put into the game really shows. The credits don't amount to more than 10 people, and the core of the game has been made by just two guys, three if we count the OST. And yet, the game feels polished and really well made. Sure, the gameplay is lacking, as it's just a visual novel with a small twist after all, and it's not a game filled to the brim with content. But at the same time, the game often brings a smile to your face with the attention to detail the devs had. And that's perhaps this game's strongest suit: its atmosphere.I'm not a VN expert, so I don't really know how the characters of this particular VN compares to some of the staple VN's. However, I can at least say that I ended up caring for most of them. Some make you worry about them, while some others annoy you quite a lot. Some make you smile and some might bring you a tear to your eye. You root for some, and some others make you genuinely curious about them. But whatever was the case, the point is made: I cared for them.It really felt like Va-11 Hall-A was a window of sorts through which you could watch another reality. In any case, the devs made a fantastic job with this game, as I don't think there's anything else quite like this out there. At least, not /this/ good."
,Recommended,447530,28652949,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chaos,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing!Really, the setting, the characters everything is so well done... a fantastic game. The cyberpunk atmosphere is just right and so are the characters, they feel so real.Also Jill is bae.Go buy it now ♥♥♥♥boys!"
76561198056902770,Recommended,447530,29095022,Posted: 7 January,all,Lios,"Bought it on a whim.Played only expecting a chill game with some qt waifus.I did not expect the ammount of feels and toughts that this game gave me.A solid piece of work that will always have a place in my heart, and when something does that you know it is doing something right."
76561197995428197,Recommended,447530,29105795,Posted: 7 January,all,[KFC]Col. Sanders,"Don't come into this one expecting a very deep level of gameplay. Choices matter to a limited degree, but this is really more of a visual novel experience you're buying.The sticker price may scare some away, but the game's story plays like a love letter to all things anime and pop culture and hits enough right notes to linger vividly.That alone isn't why I'm giving this game a recommendation - I can't put my finger on what makes this game so endearing. There were times where I found myself bemoaning the heavy amount of dialogue or feeling out of touch with the jokes, yet still somehow this game has remained in mind and kept me along for the ride long enough to sink nearly 20 hours into it.I don't regret the purchase. I might not come back to it any time soon, but the time and care the devs put into it shines through and made it worth every dollar, even leaving me hoping for more to come in the future."
,Recommended,447530,26669881,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,It Gearsy,"This game has easily become my favorite game out of everything I have played this year. It has amazing character development and a unique story of a dystopian cyberpunk future. In short, I really love it.Also the devs are hella rad <3."
76561198056260632,Recommended,447530,28303201,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Chaossniper,"I'm not a fan of visual novels. In fact, I hate them mostly because they flood Steam so much. I bought this game on more of the premise that it looked more like a bartender simulator that looks kinda neat.I really think this game is pretty great.The pixel art is niceThe characters are funny and interesting.The writing is witty and charming.The music is fantastic. It really reminds me of Phantasy Star synth music (already bought the OST on bandcamp).I think one of the brilliant idea that was implemented into the game is that there is a built in music player that you can make playlists, repeat, skip, etc. and you can use this to change the tone of the dialogue that's present.From the 2 guys that made the game and only 1 guy that made the music, they made a very interesting game and I look foward to the next game these guys make."
,Recommended,447530,29734830,Posted: 5 February,all,Astro,Suprisingly good.Time to mix drinks and change lives!
,Recommended,447530,28631814,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lukin,A lot deeper and more interesting than I was expecting. And I was already in with the concept before actually getting to play it.
,Recommended,447530,29950291,Posted: 15 February,all,Gazelle,"10/10, My fourth favourite game of all time (and that's pretty good seeming as the top 3 are all from the same series.) It's funny and extraordinarily clever as well as being incredibly deep and emotional. My only problem is there just isn't enough! I got a good 8.5 hours and I could probably raise it to 10 if I went for the other endings, but I still find that too short and it's far too inconviniant to have to go through the game multiple times just to get and extra hour and a half of content. Otherwise a brilliant game, and I can't wait to see what you come up with next! Please continue to make games in this style, it's absolutly beautiful!EDIT: I have one other major critisim. In that part whenyou find out Jill's ex is dead, there is absolutly no change in music. Not that there is any at all in this game (which is fine), but for that one part it completly ruins the mood. Because the music is so exellent, it really does have an emotional impact, which is why I think it's important to use it well in times like that."
,Recommended,447530,29106220,Posted: 7 January,all,Товарищ Собака,"Scroll back up, click the ""Add to Cart"" button, purchase the game for yourself (or for all your friends, family, and maybe your pet), pay for the game... You know what to do from here."
,Recommended,447530,27783554,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Overground,"Not too big on gameplay (It's more of a VN than an actual bartending game), butGreat soundtrack, interesting/relatable characters and stories.That bittersweet dystopian cyberpunk feel already hooks me in, but damn,the issues, stories, news, and even the people feel so real and are even reminding of the real world.Comedy, depression, drama, blogs, reddit, and meaningless small talk; this game has it all."
,Recommended,447530,26844070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,James Vagabond,"VA-11 Hall-A (Valhalla from now on) is a cyberpunk visual novel, and long story short, it's great.Cyberpunk is usually associated with vast conspiracy theories, shady things corporations do, an increased role and influence of cyberspace/augmentations, and so on. Valhalla chose a different approach and instead decided to focus on everyday life of regular people, a hefty portion of which isn't exactly remarkable, at least not on the global scale. Jill, the game's protagonist, is a prime example of a person belonging to this group, and through her we'll get to know all the other characters and their stories. Given how strong Valhalla's character cast is, the process is incredibly enjoyable and fun.In my opinion the best thing about Valhalla is its ability to neatly juggle comedy and light-hearted content with far more serious stuff. Sure, mixing genres, themes, and tones is hardly rare, but doing this seamlessly, without creating an obvious mismatch is definitely not an easy feat, and I feel that Valhalla managed to succeed.Valhalla has some gameplay, namely a bartending minigame. Nothing fancy in this department, but it's perfectly fine. Visuals are fantastic, and so is music; the latter can be customized by fiddling with the in-game jukebox, which a very nice touch.Overall, Valhalla quickly and easily exceeded my expectations. It was pretty much a day 1 purchase for me, and it didn't disappoint. Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,447530,30225180,Posted: 27 February,all,Timo★,"Very nice and comfy visual nover. It barely passes as a videogame, but thats besides it's point. The writing is top notch, all the characters are believeable and most relatable, depending on who you are of course. There is one character who's orders just feel like a trap in order to prevent the player from getting all perfect scores on their first playthrough, they did give a reasoning later on but it still felt cheap. Other than that, everything was very doable if you have a decent memory.It might look like an anime-waifu trap from the front, and I admit there are a lot of nerdy things and♥♥♥♥♥♥in it, but it's hard to not like all the characters, the writing is just that good. It also had some points that made me reflect on my own life and decisions and I think it will have a positive impact on me. Thats a damn hard thing for a game/story to achieve.It has a surprising amount of variety for a visual novel and the music is also very good.Recommended"
,Recommended,447530,29300487,Posted: 16 January,all,ajsbrk,"Hilarious and just all-aroundawesomegame, definitely the bestvisual novelI have ever played and probably will ever play - there's a reason for it's ratings!"
76561198161446765,Recommended,447530,29733981,Posted: 5 February,all,Sniper Wolf,"If you want to relax while listening good music and reading interresting dialogs and stories in cyberpunk future - it's your pick. Buy it! Very cool game, if you can call it a game. It's more art then a game. Amazing."
76561198130841632,Recommended,447530,29216114,Posted: 12 January,all,rum,"This game was beyond amazing. The character's are all so three-dimensional, despite their pixel-y nature. Everybody has some sort of story, and you can't help but get attached to the characters - yes, both negatively and positievly. At times, the game seemed somewhat confusing and/or slow, but I was for the most part nose-deep in it's complex plotline and overall, completely enraptured by Valhalla."
76561198064484177,Recommended,447530,27707375,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,raichudoggy,"Talk to Patrons. Learn their hardships, troubles, Concerns, highs, and lows.A Story that keeps you invested in the characters you speak with the entire trip."
,Recommended,447530,27184007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rik_,"Great game, mostly story based and in text so if you dont like that you should probably avoid it.I really love the way you meet the city and people around you through little bits of news and info.But again if you dont like visual novel esque stuff you probably should not buy this. I can safely reccomend this!"
,Recommended,447530,27690599,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aculledor,"Buy it, lover it, dream about it, get hooked to it, go to desintoxication. Download it again and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mix drinks and chage lives. oo/10"
,Recommended,447530,24592843,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,- Vaz,"This game is awesome.On a side note, this has helped me decide that if I ever need a job, I can get night shifts in bartending.Because i'm terrible at waking up.Just, why wouldn't you play it?"
,Recommended,447530,24399037,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DB,You're a Cyberpunk bartender that works in a bar called VA-11 HALL-A in a dystopian future. Why have you not bought this game yet?
,Recommended,447530,23809866,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kfrunt Rfrunt [Same],"You know, I picked this up because my friend liked it. I played it, expecting nothing special and then I found out it was twelve hours later and I had work soon. I love just about everything about this game: The characters are rememberable, the humor is spot-on, the world is enchanting and the writing tugged at heartstrings I forgot I had.It is by no means a perfect game. I wish there was a little more variety to the gameplay itself and more settings (like adjusting the window size outside of fullscreen on/off). It is certainly not for everyone, as many do not like visual novel-style games, though I'd say that the writing in this is good enough to make some of the doubters interested in the genre.Overall, I had a blast and when I finished I immediately wanted to start over from the beginning, seeing how much I could change the lives of these characters just by mixing them drinks. If you want to try out a visual novel for the first time, but feel skeptical, give this one a look. If the humor and story doesn't pull you in, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,447530,25419081,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,(ง'̀-'́)ง,"This could quite possibly be one of the greatest games I have ever experienced. Seriously.The premise is unique; you serve drinks to customers and get to talk to them as well. If you make certain drinks it will change the course of the story slightly. very unique. The characters are lovable and memorable, with some being not so frequent and some being full regulars. Things happen during your break and overnight, you can read news articles on current events, read forums, and even read a pop idols blog. This all gives the gameworld a living, breathing feeling to it.After each work day, you will receive a paycheck. With this you can buy things to customize your room and keep Jill occupied, buy songs to put in your jukebox (Later on,) and buy some items that can help change the game and get you some achievements. But you also have to pay bills and subscriptions, giving the game a bit of a reality check. The story is very deep, and hits you with a nice plot twist about two thirds of the way through. The lore is also pretty deep if you are willing to put in the time and get into it, but it doesnt have to be if you just want to breeze through the game. The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, and the jukebox feature lets you choose your own background music. You can even fiddle with the tv stations, discover a new drink not in the book, and find an entire shoot-em-up minigame if you are willing to explore a little.TL;DR explaining this game doesnt do it justice. You can have a quick little playthrough and have a decent experience, or you can set aside a day, get some snacks, and immerse yourself in the world and have an amazing experience like no other."
,Recommended,447530,32424773,Posted: 14 June,all,🅱,"This is a game that will exceed your expectations. This isn't me just hyping the game up, I've played through the game once already, and I'm going to play it again. I dont like Visual Novels. But that dosent matter, because this game is barely one. More on that later.This is a game set in 207X, in Glitch City, a city where Corruptions and Corporations reign supreme. You'll learn more about this though, through patrons who show up at your bar, as normal people. It seems like you wont have much interaction with them, but you'll have plenty. Depending on how you certain patrons. There are 6 different endings, although I have only got 1 ending, I am sure these are all different and memorable. This game is honestly one of the most memorable games I've played, IN 10 HOURS. If this game seems like its not for you, please still try it out. You won't regret it , especially at 15$. The story is probably put at #1 on my list.It's worth it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,447530,26652880,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kaga,"Great game! I was so into every aspect of it. I enjoy the characters, story, and art. It's a little too short. But It was worth every seconds of my time. Great Job~!"
,Recommended,447530,29109082,Posted: 7 January,all,ZoraZ,"I give it 1/10, need to be 10 times longer.Hell, make that 100 and I'll quit life and never go outside again."
,Recommended,447530,31873474,Posted: 20 May,all,GeneralCockPuncher,"When I got this game i thought i was gonna be some quirky dating sim/visual novel, in the first 5 minutes it blew my expectations completely.To put it shortly, this game is amazing.Va-11 Hall-A is a story game that drives its narrative through conversations, and a few events. This method of storytelling is great, when done right that is. This game does it incredibly well, at no point did I feel liek the game had exposition or that the characters werent authentic. Never was my immersion into the story broken, the human characters felt human and and felt distinct to the robotic characters (lilim) felt like they werent human but they were still actual people. You truly felt like a real bartender talking with complete strangers and regulars alike, sometimes small talk became deep conversations, other times they didnt have much to say, and you could tell that sometimes these people you spoke to needed someone to talk to, someone to vent to. These are the subtleties that Va-11 Hall-A excels at to really bring in that feeling of authenticity to the people you talk to.The gameplay is minimal and its mostly there to drive the feeling of the game further, to make the player feel like a actual bartender. It there to give this game interactivity other than choose your dialogue option. In my opinion id rather have a system like this rather than simple choices anyday.Every moment if this game enthralled me and the only complaint is that i cannot experience it for the first time again. If you enjoy story games, and visual novel type games, get this for 15 bucks its completely worth the money."
,Recommended,447530,31191835,Posted: 16 April,all,GDIsteve,I sat down to play this for the first time earlier today... and did not stop playing for 10 hours. I don't know where my Sunday went and I'm afraid. 5/5 would reccomend.
,Recommended,447530,32716619,Posted: 24 June,all,Skeithシ,(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ 🍺 “Time to mix drinks and change lives!”10/10An absolutely flawless gamethe characters are amazing and well donethe ost is top notchthe artstyle is beautifulthe story is facinating and charminga must buy
,Recommended,447530,32802663,Posted: 25 June,all,Acturus Albani,"I'm writing this review about ten minutes after finishing my first playthrough of the game, and hot damn was it a good one.I've a soft spot for VN's and it's been a dream of mine to become a bartender, so when I stumbled upon this game, I knew I was in for a treat.-The writing is clever and on point, but more than that, it's effective. You can actually feel the troubles that ail the characters in their everyday struggle and makes them feel alive.-The world is alive, and you can really feel integrated to it via denger/u/ and The Augmented Eye in-game online comunities.-The gameplay, while simplistic, never fails to get boring, which is a must have on this type of game, where the reading can really start to weigh on the player.-As a Venezuelan myself, I laughed, smiled and teared up at the various references scattered throughout the game.All in all, a solid experience I would recommend to VN enthusiasts and newcomers alike. All that's left to say is welcome to Valhalla!P.D - Si los panas desarrolladores llegan a leer esto: Hicieron un gran trabajo, no solo con el juego sino con su humildad. De verdad me alegra haber encontrado este juego por mera casualidad y poder decir que hay venezolanos desarrollando juegos de calidad. Espero poder disfrutar de más de sus obras en el futuro!"
,Recommended,447530,26032673,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Rest In Peaches,"A great looking visual novel with amazing soundtrack, shady visuals, and great story with believable and lovable characters. You will not be courting any waifus in it, so don't come in expecting a romance VN.Nobody expects the Dorothinquisition!"
,Recommended,447530,32774358,Posted: 25 June,all,ジル・スティングレイ,"The game is nice to spent your time, the visual is nice, the conversations are good, it's good and helps a lot me to improve my english :D"
,Recommended,447530,32839814,Posted: 26 June,all,ничего не понимаю,"Unique and memorable but so long! Some of the side plots don't really wrap up unless under specific conditions and I can't imagine playing this game for an entire second run to get those endings. Worth playing and I love its frank discussion of genders and sexualities but not without it's faults; namely the game does get quite repetative and it is often unclear when your actions are actually having any effect. On the one hand I'm glad there's not an obvious ""She will remember that"" walking dead style system but I wish I felt like I was doing anything more than just taking brief breaks between reading."
,Recommended,447530,31025113,Posted: 8 April,all,CoolSchmool,One of a kind
,Recommended,447530,28607315,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BrupcatBR,"I never knew a game about being a bartender in 2060 would be game of the year and just fantastic overall.Neither did i know i'd cry while being a bartender in 2060.10/10 ~VA-11 Hall-A is a game i'll do my best to review once i have fully finished it. This is a must buy and one of the most powerful games of all time, and i'll give you that benefit of the doubt."
,Recommended,447530,28862076,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Super Milk Chan,There are few games that I couldn't wait to play when I left my PC. This is one of them.
,Recommended,447530,30838993,Posted: 30 March,all,Daimon,the greatest game i ever played
,Recommended,447530,32854797,Posted: 27 June,all,roflkatamari,Started off a bit slow but it got interesting later on. It turned out better written than expected.
76561198043880428,Recommended,447530,26861944,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saishalicious,"This game blew my mind, can't reccomend it enough ;)"
,Recommended,447530,32967134,Posted: 28 June,all,Absolute Dreamer,"After fully playing this game, it's safe to say I loved it! I love the artstyle, the gameplay, the storylines, the characters, the slightly different interactions you get depending on how drunk you get them and the replayability.Everyday you encounter a variety of people who tell you their story and the more you serve them the more you get to know them; their favorite drink, and their least favorite drink which helps you move their story along. I also like the little things of purchasing things for your room as well as the scattered cut scenes. I loved all the different endings and once I played through the game enough times to believe I have unlocked every ending and voiceline I was left wanting more.I hope there would be more beautifully created and engaging games such as VA-11 HALL-A in the future and I would highly recommend this game for those that are looking for a story-filled game that doesn't cease to put a smile on your face while you mix drinks and nod your head to the jams!"
,Recommended,447530,27513386,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MaLinTooTs,When's the prologue going to come out? Can't wait. c:
,Recommended,447530,27425705,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robear,Jill.
76561198034330004,Recommended,447530,27040945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phoenix Hammer,"One of the ""comfiest"" games I've ever played."
,Recommended,447530,29683626,Posted: 3 February,all,Main Man Rob,"this game had me at ""Every hole"".  12/10 would drink there (til I forgot how fractions worked)"
,Recommended,447530,28974185,Posted: 3 January,all,☣ Gold ☣,"played 13 hours, at chapter 3, made a new windows account due to some error occured with other game, forgot (more likely didn't know) to backup the save data, now i need to replay the game..well,♥♥♥♥♥♥edit : finished the game some months ago, no regrets ;)"
76561198251481700,Recommended,447530,24528548,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,miru ☂,"Holy ♥♥♥♥. I've got to say, this has been one of the best game experiences I've had in my time of gaming. I always told myself I would only review games that were god-like, or that were straight from satans ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Fortunately, it's the first one! Everything about this game is amazing, especially as a writer myself- I can say the story is absolutely flawless, as well as the characters in said story.First off, the mechanics are easy to learn and smooth in usage, which is a big plus. It's a very well-done system, that I haven't really seen before really. This compliments the heavy-story elements very nicely; allowing you to soak up the story while hardly worrying about the gameplay. While, it might be harder for people who don't like VN's to take in- I still reccomend it whole-heartedly. This experience has shaped my view on how I view life a bit; as well as giving me a very amazing experience all-in-all. I plan on re-playing this game a lot to get some of the other endings; even though I'm quite proud and happy of the endings I did get.Pretty much, this is a solid 10/10 in my books; I reccomend this to everyone who has an extra 15$, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,447530,27079638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Karunious,"VA-11 Hall-A is one of those games that is quite minimal in game play, almost to the degree of a visual novel with choice selection. You play as a bartender in a high tech, low life (cyberpunk) bar where you have to mix and serve drinks to customers, buy items for your home when you finish for the day, and aim to pay your rent on time by doing your job the best you can. It's basic and, whether a difficulty setting would have been nice, it's to the point.What makes this game completely stand out however is the sheer amount of immersive story-telling and character building that it does with the little gameplay it has. You completely get into the role of the protagonist as you play, something of a rare treat and only seen with a few, well-written visual novels. The dialogue speaks volumes to how well it works, and as a player you completely get into it. The customers you serve also have vivid and imaginative stories that expand as you go through the game. You're never bored, especially in a first playthrough.Coupled with music that fits perfectly, an art style that fits the cyberpunk theme, great pacing of the story (you can blast through it or decide to do it in parts) and additional achievements that make it fun to re-play again (or just re-play to try different drinks and see what happens) this game is one of those hidden gems when I was craving to try something that was just slightly different from the norm. I'd recommend this at full price if you have the chance to buy it."
76561198044428662,Recommended,447530,24434680,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Wumbo,"This game is my first step into the visual novel genre and I am loving it! I'm enthralled by cyberpunk/futuristic aesthetics and this game captures that aesthetic so well. The dialogue is entertaining and the music is great! I'm enjoying the characters and the story so far, and I imagine I will love this game just as well when i eventually finish it. I would definitely recommend this game to even the casual gamer, especially if they're looking for something different."
76561198059099718,Recommended,447530,31316589,Posted: 23 April,all,Nickishere,Highly recommend this game to anyone who is either new or experienced with visual novels. I enjoyed every bit of this game and I would very much buy the OST out of appreciation to add it to my collection. It's THAT good <3
,Recommended,447530,31168423,Posted: 15 April,all,disco,you're a lonely bartender in 207x serving clients such as:loli androidsweater meat hackercyborg cat girlgeorge constanzahatsune mikudogsoverall i would have to say this game is pretty rad
,Recommended,447530,30214423,Posted: 26 February,all,🅱ased stick Man,"Okay so first off im not one of those weebs who goes to sleep with one of those nekopara plushies at night no i am a republican,conversative white male so strives to be powerful.And would you think a person like me would like this waifu bartending game? no? well apparently your wrong because i love it! its actually a really good game worth the money in my opinion but if you had the choice between this and mount and blade warband on a discount get warband.But the games okay likeable charecters like i said not a weeb so yeah this is a good game."
,Recommended,447530,23691122,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Android Kendrick,"VA-11 Hall-A is a chill relaxed game with decent writing, world, and characters. The music is great, but what's more important is that this games cyber punk story. If you got yourself some time just sit back mix some drinks and enjoy the story. My ONLY problem with the game is the saving system I found it to be to far between saving points.(You can skip back to where you where so it's only minor problem.) If you like Visual Novels this game will be fairly good with a special sort of personality. It has my sense of humor I love it!"
,Recommended,447530,28507346,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Selfie,"Note: my playtime seems lower than it is because I played it in offline modeReally neat visual novel game from Sukeban Games.The graphics fit the setting and thye music is really good. There is a bit of a story that can be funny but also touching ,The characters are quirky and it can be fun and interesting talking to them while bartending.To keep it less boring there is a minigame for mixing drinks which is pretty simple but it also feels right to do, when the music is playing it just feels good to mix drinks .I finished my first playthrough in about 9 hours so it has a decent length, there ar emultiple endings you can get so there is some replayabilty.Definitely recommended for fans of visual novels, games with good soundtracks and games with these kind of graphics."
76561198138037129,Recommended,447530,33526106,Posted: 13 July,all,Borderline Homicidal,"Best Visual Novel with a cocktail-making minigame on Steam, ever."
,Recommended,447530,25244193,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KingOfStarrySkies,"It's pretty great. What gameplay there is may be fairly simplistic-Although it had me second guessing every now and again-but it is still fun and calming. It's all a way of accessing the absolutely wonderful story, of course.Fan-freaking-tastic writing, one of my favorite setting types (Cyberpunk) executed perfectly, and a goddamn wonderful soundtrack.Just wished the boss-Jill subplot went somewhere deeper, but that's me! And a little spoilerish!Definitely buy it if you want a cyberpunk visual novel with lots of waifus."
,Recommended,447530,28503461,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,gay if u read,"This game has a really nice atmosphere to it, also very good musicThe only thing i havent liked is the amount of dialogue (it would be great if there was a skip button), but if you are looking for a story based bartender game you will probably enjoy that too as its like a visual novel.Now i really want to go and find some underground bar the next time i go to London and drink a ton of cocktails while listening to some trippy atmospheric music like Hong Kong Express."
,Recommended,447530,27900001,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,neo,"This game is amazing. Who would have thought a game where you play as a bartender could be so good? The music's great, the art style is awesome, and the story is equal parts intriguing, sad and gripping. It should be on your list of games to play."
,Recommended,447530,30235580,Posted: 27 February,all,Anita Cafe,"""Time to mix drinks and save lives."" Honestly? This game was refreshing.First of all, and my biggest happy thing with this game: Female perspectives. Real but futuristic, quirky, sometimes even ""bad"", female perspectives. You're not getting male fan service with this game. Sure you could say there's a lot of games out there like that, but most are very pink sparkly magical worlds. This is a dystopian society with androids, talking dogs, and brains in jars. I'd be lying if I said there was zero - there's a lot of mention of boobs, but it's mostly casual and not invasive talk; not aimed toward's just one half of the human race's gaze.My next favorite thing that ties in with the former, LGBTQ relationships! That are not perverted to hell and back. Do not get me wrong, I can be a pervy as they come, but this game focuses on the actual relationships without, again, worrying about a guy enjoying the lesbians. I don't want to spoil too much, but if you are LGBTQ, play this game.Then there is just the story it's self. The game for being kind of short (I mean, you have multiple play throughs, but I finished round one in a day and even AFKed a ton) it's really involved. There's a lot of lore, companies, government, factions, and just people you have to keep track of to make sense of everything. I really appreciate this in a game because often times in visual novels I can end up... well, just clicking away to progress without paying attention to details. Missing the minute details can have an effect on the story, as most of the progression depends on your memory and slinging drinks.The game it's self between the colorful music, the retro styled graphics, and the futuristic storyline reminds me a lot of movies from the 80's. It's hilarious, it can jerk on your heart strings a bit, it's involved, it has little fan service, and LGBTQ galore but with plenty of straight material as well. Not to mention some how - again for how short it was - there's a lot of subject material that makes you stop and think.Definitly plan on playing to finish the rest of the story and achievements."
,Recommended,447530,30246497,Posted: 28 February,all,arcticmi,Good story;Fine art;Excellent music;Relaxing gameplay.It's been a while since I could play a game for 7 hours straight.Absolutely loved it.Will come back for an NG+
,Recommended,447530,23733725,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bulletmonkey97,11/10 waifus
76561198093430925,Recommended,447530,24028516,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vtnarg,i like but i dont feel like writing a long review but i want to increase the positive thing so look at the helpful one rather than this one
76561198008965959,Recommended,447530,32522435,Posted: 17 June,all,cata,Never really was into the visual novel thing but the drink making made for a nice distraction. Has a lot of cool characters each with their own problems and touches on some more serious issues while still keeping a fun atomosphere. The story was pretty great and I hope to see more from this developer in the future.
,Recommended,447530,33446447,Posted: 10 July,all,MiNEr,"DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED.If you like visual novels, or just listening to what people have to rant about their lives, this is just the game for you.I loved it."
,Recommended,447530,24728848,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,AsCii_exe,"I've never hated an optional minigame as much as the one from this game but I needed to win it and obtain 100% of the achievements. Why? because this game is fantastic, buy it"
,Recommended,447530,30934160,Posted: 3 April,all,smol catto,"Very relaxing game, only real gameplay is serving up the correct drinks for the clients. Great story and characters, just sit back, get comfortable, and enjoy watching it unfold."
,Recommended,447530,32406796,Posted: 14 June,all,Ryoco Wn.,Would mix drinks and change lives again10/10
,Recommended,447530,26537946,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,.BTFKM,NEED OST!
,Recommended,447530,32948251,Posted: 28 June,all,SirRadiant,"I do not usually write reviews or recommend games, but I feel like ""VA-11 Hall-A"" has definately earned one. Spoilers ahead, probably.I've been hearing about this game since it got realeased and a bit before but I hadn't really got around buying it until I randomly saw it during this summer sale and boy do I regret that. Vallhalla (it gets tiring spelling it out) is a bit more special than the VN's I have played so far and I think it is greatly because of the way it treats its characters and story. The overarching story in Vallhalla is, kinda not a story at all. If you wanted me to summarize it even with spoilers I'd just be able to mutter some stuff about Jill's backstory and the fact that you mix a lot of drinks and definately change a lot of lives. To me the main hook of the game is the fact that Vallhalla makes you care and want to see come back even the most minor of characters heck at some point I was even glad when mr. Donovan dropped back after like a week just cause I found myself super invested in every one of them and boy does Valhalla deliver on every single ending and every single character.What's more, even, the gameplay, while repetitive, never felt stale to me cause it gets super mixed up what with big drinks or people who don't even know what they want to drink and sometimes you wanna push forward and you'll drop an easy one but sometimes you'll look at that character and actually take time to do a drink they like which sounds very stupid when you realize it doesn't impact the dialogue that much. Additionally, it's not like characters constantly ask for drinks, some of them won't even ask for 3 (which is the average I'm sure) and others will really go on about their life before going for their second and sometimes even their first.The cast is super colorful and every interaction also feels unique, even when you talk to paired characters like Sei and Estella or Deal and Betty they have some things in common but they feel like each of them has their own life and story. Plus, the fact that people randomly drop by the bar makes every single new customer an exciting discovery! Is Dorothy going to come back tonight? Are you finally going to meet a new character? And even when literaly no one comes Boss and Gilian are such amazingly crafted characters that the staff alone and their stories are more than enough so that they could cover a day on their own and, collectively, they more than do.Personally, I'd recommend this game even if you don't have time to play it. Get it and empty that busy schedule of yours to relax, mix some drinks and change some lives. If you do, maybe as it did with me, ""VA-11 Hall-A"" might change yours a little."
,Recommended,447530,33658388,Posted: 19 July,all,Hifumi Takimoto,Bought this game because of Mutahar from SomeOrdanaryGamers and i ♥♥♥♥ing love iti love a good VN and this is more than good. i would go into more detail but i cant be bothered just get the game and play itits worth it
,Recommended,447530,33797065,Posted: 25 July,all,「I Really Like Coffee」,I am a heavy drinker and I enjoy this game! It enables my addiction!
76561198003222478,Recommended,447530,23823724,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Obi Juan Kenobi,"I don't think I'm qualified to make a ""review"" for this game, but I will say this : I've don't really play visual novels and yet I think I can safely say that this game is pretty damn special as far as vn's go, while definitely silly at times, for the most part this is a very mature story, about real people trying to live their lives.While the game starts of slow, the alarming rate at which the characters grow on you is pretty damn shocking, especially since they almost completely overshadow the absolutely fascinating world they live in. I think that's a testament of the amount of love and attention the devs put into the game, it's pretty clear these characters were (very well) written by someone who has seen and experienced a lot in their lives. There is also no fan service or any oversexualization at all in this game, it's so down to earth its scary at times. Just be warned that the actual gameplay is pretty minimalistic. The game does have bonus scenes/endings that you can strive for by replaying and making certain choices. Personally, I don't have that much time to do that but I will watch them on youtube (maybe Dodger will do a series) because I'm curious.Congratulations to the devs! I recommend this to anyone who just wants to sit down, relax and read a good, interesting story filled with charming characters."
,Recommended,447530,24644749,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nikodemus05,the perfect game for indoor rainy days ^_^i want a  S L U T  t-shirt
76561197967905737,Recommended,447530,33849807,Posted: 28 July,all,✪EnragedDandy✪,Only complaint is that the sequal istn out yet.
76561198279452277,Recommended,447530,31250771,Posted: 19 April,all,Blurrz,"Arguably one of the most enjoyable games I've played all year. The aesthetic and feel of the game is top notch, the writing is spectacular, and you have a great soundtrack to boot! Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,447530,34473388,Posted: 24 August,all,Ozason,"This game actually helps me feel good about myself.I know that sounds weird and doesn't actually make sense to put into a game review but really this game and a cup of tea or coffee is all I need to have a good day even if I started it feeling miserable, something about the soundtrack and the characters is beyond endearing and just... it all works out so well.1000000/10 would recommend thousands of times over"
,Recommended,447530,26530270,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jamania,"This game has some of the best character writing I've ever seen. They don't feel like NPC's in a game. They feel like honest to god real life people. Mix this with an honest to god great soundtrack, compelling writing, and a great aesthetic, and this game is one of. if not the best games of the year, without a shadow of a doubt. Throw out all pre-conceptions of what anything else says, this game is a gem, and deserves praise.Seriously. Buy this game."
,Recommended,447530,34581540,Posted: 29 August,all,X F R I M \\気持ち悪い\\,"The game absolutely nails it on Cyberpunk aesthetics and soundtrack, the story isn't something too exciting but is something relaxing to play and is still damn interesting, it also has replay value since you'll definitely miss out on alot on the first playthrough (unless you use a guide).The characters are also pretty damn great and memorable as well as being top tier waifu material (Dorothy best girl), gameplay is also pretty relaxing, nothing challenging but also not too boring, just enough to flow with the story.Overall get this game I rate it a: Bad Touch jokes/10"
,Recommended,447530,26493826,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Vintoxicated,"Absolutely love this game. Definitely the type of game you want to play when you're cozy alone with a drink. I love the art. the music and the story!I expected more gameplay at first but after a few minutes I couldn't care about gameplay anymore. Sit back, relax and enjoy the story and music. 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,28643760,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Grawne,Happy Megachristmas !Excellent story.
,Recommended,447530,29911989,Posted: 13 February,all,Grave Soul,You can't ♥♥♥♥ puppies. At least you shouldn't
76561198073987650,Recommended,447530,28698184,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,★Matsy★,"I personally love this game so it may be me being biased, but oh well. Va11 Hall-A, although a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to spell is one of my favorite Visual Novels, as this is what you're getting. Gameplay is simplistic, yet enjoyable as you answer to customer's orders and get them the right drink, sometimes getting them really drunk. The pros of this game are highlighted by the characters and setting, in which I personally thought were immersive and interesting. Yet, some characters don't spoon-feed everything and many questions are left unanswered. This aspect is something I loved, as it's indirect approach is one of my favorite qualities of how the game tells it's story. The cyberpunk setting is fun and I found it more fun as I went along and got to see what the cyberpunk world of Glitch City had to offer. In addition, a great feature is the soundtrack which is catchy and something I found myself finger-drumming along with it after a while.Cons are present, but these never bothered my experience as a whole. A lot of the secret lines of dialogue to learn everything about the characters was hard to find, I used to a guide on my second go around to read most of it. However, paying close attention can reveal clues that lead to these secrets. This is a part of the indirect approach I praised, but I know many people who find these things a tad irritating. As this is a visual novel, gameplay is sparse, and if all you want is a ""bartending simulator,"" this isn't exactly what you're going to get. I wish that drink mixing was expanded on as I found it an enjoyable quirk. Overall these two things aren't cons, but they are things people should know about before consider buying this game.I love Va11 Hall-A and I recommend it to people who like Visual Novels or Sci-Fi/Cyberpunk settings. I love the story, and hopefully you will too. I'd say it's worth the price as there's a ton of little secrets to find. So start mixing drinks and saving lives!"
76561198071878410,Recommended,447530,33980335,Posted: 2 August,all,Surian Bedivere,"This is one of my most favorite games of the year. Really captivating story, really interesting characters, and for added difficulty best played while having a few drinks yourself. I cant recommend this game enough. 10 hours in i'm still barely into the second chapter, this game is huge.It changed my backup plan for when i inevitably horribly mess up at this law firm from starting an Alpaca Farm to taking up Bartending.100/100 in my book."
76561198044986823,Recommended,447530,33394046,Posted: 8 July,all,Kyrtap_Jagon,Best game to relax to with some true lawlz.  Should've been up for some indie GOTY's.  Damn it's goood.  A++
76561197985891617,Recommended,447530,33495197,Posted: 12 July,all,Darknesses10,This game is amazing you basically listen to peoples day to day issues/problems and pretty much serve drinks to change lives
,Recommended,447530,33962028,Posted: 1 August,all,Dawns_Clock,A great visual novel with a good mechanic and a decent story. I'd pick it up if you like distopian sci-fi with a good amount of exploration in relationships and secrets.
,Recommended,447530,26585755,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Einz,Comfy game. Tons of waifus for you to pick.
76561198024677132,Recommended,447530,26476374,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Eoc,"As a bartender in just one of many rundown bars in a cyberpunk scenario you get to meet a lot of people. Every single one different than the other, coming from and going to different places, with different dreams and different troubles.You dont get to decide things for them or act on their stead. You only listen. And let them find the answer they already had themselves.Beautifully done game with great soundtrack, likeable characters, repetitive but also unique cocktailmixing gameplay and just a big extra helping of style on top of all that. Dont expect any action, but expect the perfect game to go along with a drink on a silent, lonesome night."
,Recommended,447530,26580658,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tiddles,"The dullest character so far (11hrs) is a talking shiba (Japanese Corgi) wearing sunglasses and a Hawaaian shirt. Also it has robocop references.If you're not turned off by adult themes, this is a must-buy for anyone interested in visual novels. \11/10. Would buy for a dollar again.P.S The music is fantastic."
,Recommended,447530,29298311,Posted: 16 January,all,gurudesu,"This game really inspired me to try to something amazing. Even I probably won't reach any level of cyberpunk that this game depicts, the atmosphere of this cyberpunk dystopia is too good. Everything, from the art to the music to the characters is fabulous. Definitely recommend if you're losing your naive dreams of futurism.Also, Jill is a QT pie."
,Recommended,447530,28647273,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Centrizzle,The robot pr0stitute has a nice♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,447530,27101471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crusader,Very comfortable and heart-warming game. With fantastic soundtrack!
76561198045523758,Recommended,447530,27770082,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WillinWeeb,"Ever wanted a blend of real life issues and people with a cyberpunk paint job? Then this is for you, it's one of the few visual novels I can truly enjoy, the characters feel like real people, talking about their normal problems with a cyberpunk flair. The PC-98 aesthetics and great soundtrack set the game's mood too."
,Recommended,447530,29027022,Posted: 4 January,all,Devilturnip,"After a single playthrough, no doubt that this is one of my favorite games of all time. I'll be playing through again, both to find more endings, and also just to enjoy the fantastic writing.I'm going to marry the red comet!Edit: I've now played through three times and have gottenall of the achievements. I NEVER bother to do this, so this game is a seriously special case. I love this game, and look forward to playing it again after some time has passed."
,Recommended,447530,34353597,Posted: 19 August,all,certezax,"sh!t, I just found a hidden gem."
,Recommended,447530,34341710,Posted: 18 August,all,BreadBred,"Play this game.Please buy this game at full price and support the creator.enjoy and experience these characters stories.one of the sleeper hits of 2016, this game desereved more than honorable mentions.the gameplay isnt really a selling point, but it actually offers CHOICE in a game.REMEMBER CHOICE?REMEMBER WHEN IT WAS UP TO YOU TO MAKE THE STORY?REMEMBER WHEN STORIES WERENT JUST TRAIN TRACKS?REMEMBER WHEN ENDING WERENT THE SAME, AND YOU ACTUALLY HAD CHOICE?this is exactly why you need to buy this game.this game has 3 endings, but each of those endings are fleshed out and arent tossaway's.and other charaters have different endings that you can experience too, so you really have all these different endings for all these different charaters, including yours.along with this game giving choice, its actually very moving too.this game made me have more identiy crisis's and made me think of my future more than school did, and im a C- student trying to be a musician who knows nothing about music, a programmer who doesnt know how to program, and a video game player who cant make it big because im just above average.this game is more that whats at face value, dont let the ""cyber punk waifu bartending"" line make you run away.buy this game and experience good writing, visuals, and gameplay.dont let this game pass you by like it did with me."
,Recommended,447530,31089134,Posted: 11 April,all,Joshius,"I'm not much of a reviewer. In fact, I rarely leave reviews for any games. However, I can say that this game had a lot of love dedicated to it, and I wanted to express how much I thoroughly enjoyed playing it. I would really like to see more of this. :)"
76561197993459924,Recommended,447530,32461472,Posted: 15 June,all,Dobert,I'll just sit in the jukebox for hours
,Recommended,447530,32423091,Posted: 14 June,all,mister c,9/10
,Recommended,447530,32559450,Posted: 19 June,all,Axelo Reim,"The script is a bliss !!don't judge from the outside, but from the inside too~truly a masterpiece of comedy, lol~"
,Recommended,447530,34383483,Posted: 20 August,all,Doona Istel,"Basic Summary:VA-11 HALL-A is a visual novel about shades of purple and robot racism. However, instead of choosing dialogue options, the gameplay consists of mixing drinks and scrolling through menus with no ""sort by price"" option while you desperately try to pay rent.Come, join the main character ""Jill"" in her tale, and read through her dialogue as she depresses and relates to you simultaneously.  Don't project onto her though- as sh*t gets deep, reeeeal quick.You will meet many characters with many personalities. All of them will have preferences regarding their drinks, but you will read through dialogue too quickly, forgetting them as soon as it is time to mix a beverage.In conclusion, the game has a real plot with real explanations. A real summary of that can be found here, on what I assume is the official website:http://waifubartending.com/What I Liked:-Stunningly beautiful designs. I wish I was able to appriciate every little detail, right down to the signs in the bar and the colouring on the outfits- But I couldn't because of my next point:-The story was very realistic and very well-written. The plot was so immersive that I started to wonder how the characters were doing even when I wasn't playing. I didn't really look at the characters unless they were just being introduced, because my eyes were focused on the box of dialogue at the bottom.-This is still about the writing, but I just want to say that this game made me laugh out loud and cry out loud while playing it. Not a little giggle or a soft sniffle either, full on screeching with laughter and snot covering my keyboard.-Theres a shop, and you can buy stuff for your room. Its kind of like Habbo Hotel, but 2D. It doesn't feel out of place at all despite how different it is from the rest of the game. Its nice, and even though it sounds like a bit of pointless fun, your bank balance does have an impact on the game, so keep that in mind as you buy 14 idol posters.-The menu is a phone screen, which sometimes you can also check news and blogs on. I just think thats cool in itself, let alone the little side-stories in the news apps.-The characters are charming and you can't help but fall in love with them. Apart from the ones that are written to be pr*cks. They're pr*cks. (But well-written pr*cks!)What I Didn't Like:-You can only save after you've completed half a day (The ""chapters"" or whatever are in half-days. You can save during your break, as the game is centered around the MC's work, or when you're at home after work which is a little 2D screen of your room and your phone.) which is fine if you want to go and re-do specific parts, but if you're like me and can't really game in huge chunks, its a bother skipping through everthing again if you quit mid-dialogue.-Theres no price-order sorting option for the drinks! I've had to go through the drinks over and over again, looking at each price, noting it down, just to find the most expensive drink in a certain category. If you're low on money and have to pay for something in two days, you're going to need to sell expensive drinks. It's not necessary, but it'd be so god damn useful I tell ya. (If you are in that predicament though, I reccomend this drinks guide:http://va11halla.wikia.com/wiki/Drinktionary)Short Conclusion:I loved this game. My only dislikes were based on personal preference. Even if visual novels aren't normally your thing I still reccomend this game, its honestly one of my all-time favourites and it will be for a long, long time. Its outstanding."
,Recommended,447530,34406938,Posted: 21 August,all,GMK Renko,I've made it a habit to open the game just to listen to its OST while doing something else.10/10 Dana is best boss. I wish I had a boss like Dana.
,Recommended,447530,30942727,Posted: 4 April,all,Riz.,Havent enjoyed these games in quite a while and i will admit spending 21 hrs just to get all achievements and trying to get all special/hidden dialogue was worth half of all my days thanks to-Awesome Music-Clever/Childish Humour-Interesting/Relatable Characters-The References <3-Overall Just a Nice StoryAnd this is just to hope if they make a sequel of some sort because i still have alot of questions for the whole lore and setting of the world. Looking forward for your future games ysbryd Games.
76561198040711916,Recommended,447530,34237262,Posted: 14 August,all,karmaslaugh,"A beautiful and relaxing game to play. If you have any spare time or just need to relax, this is the game to go to <3"
,Recommended,447530,33893489,Posted: 29 July,all,Overseer,Dem waifus 10/10 would mix drinks and change lifes again.
,Recommended,447530,33943517,Posted: 31 July,all,♂okrans♥aniki♂,"Figured this game was just a fun little distraction with ebin memes. Surely, there were plenty of dank memes, but it's also a lot more than that. Didn't expect to end up loving this game as much as I do. Full of well-written, charming, endearing characters who compliment the surprisingly thought-provoking topics that are brought up by the game.The perfect title if you're looking for something comfy to spend your down time with. Can't help but recommend such a great game. I suggest grabbing your favorite drink to enjoy alongside your playthrough for the maximum comfy."
,Recommended,447530,33920707,Posted: 30 July,all,Crow,I am now pursuing a career in Bartending because of this game.
76561198059608232,Recommended,447530,29980009,Posted: 17 February,all,Panic Noodle,Keep in mind that I almost never review games when I say that I liked this one enough to review it.That is all.
,Recommended,447530,25453603,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,KatawaShoujam,Kaz and Big Boss are dogsGOTY
,Recommended,447530,33167136,Posted: 2 July,all,dren,"I normally don't like these kinds of games, but god damn was this one an amazing experience. Lovely story, nice artstyle, and writing plus characters that dont make you want to cut your nipples off. The only game I feel compelled to 100% in order to do it justice.VA-11 Hall-A also sports an astounding soundtrack that can only be purchased (in two albums) at the artist's bandcamp, which can be foundhereandhere.All in all, this game is 10/10. For any fans of visual novel/singleplayer story-telling games this is a must buy."
,Recommended,447530,23740604,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rob,"Funny writing, cool classic Snatcher style, great soundtrack.  A chill game to sit back and relax to.  Recommended."
76561198283510440,Recommended,447530,33663568,Posted: 19 July,all,Thrash Panda,"I'm in love. I haven't loved a game this much in a long time. The characters are lovable, unique, and interesting. The atmosphere and art is visually pleasing and the music is so so good. The gameplay is repetitive, but isn't boring. It's kept interesting by the characters and the variations of request. I honestly love every part of it. I'll reccomend it to everyone."
76561198038777534,Recommended,447530,33681471,Posted: 20 July,all,Some Goober,Amazing! This game scratched an itch I didn't know I had in video gaming. Actual gameplay is minimal but that is what I expected for a visual novel. Make that drink right and listen to your customers. I recommend this for some who wants that relaxing experience after a long day. The writing is fantastic.
76561198280013824,Recommended,447530,33675855,Posted: 20 July,all,YoshiyaBeams,"Drinks, robots, hackers, and dogs. What more could you ask for?As the first visual novel I've ever played to completion, it's a great place to start with memorable characters, amazing writing, and a story that perfectly fits the setting and premise. Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,447530,29395459,Posted: 21 January,all,sylvester kelcey,the boss wanted to beat up yasunori kato and borrow his hat so honestly there's no reason not to buy this game
76561198053916708,Recommended,447530,35040026,Posted: 17 September,all,Julianne Stingray,"I can say that i am not a fan of visual novels, but after hearing good things i decided to get it. After starting the game the music was the first thing i noticed and it was really good and instantly became one of my favorite soundtracks to a game. After playing 20 hours of the game and getting multiple endings all i could say is that i would definitely recommend it and it is worth your money. It's a great game to just grab a drink sitback relax and listen to stories."
76561197988022848,Recommended,447530,35057660,Posted: 18 September,all,SamBreezy,"Not really a fan of visual novels, despite this the game has still taken me in with great visuals, characters, writing and overall story elements. The game says it best at the beginning ""grab a snack and relax"" because this game is a laid back ride that'll keep surprisinging you to the end."
76561198089423241,Recommended,447530,35208199,Posted: 25 September,all,alpharator12345,"this game is really charming. To be honest, i never was that much into visual novels but this one was quite an exception. The characters are well developped and the story really has a nice evolution. You also get this attachment towards the characters. It's really funny but quite sad at some moments and it's very relaxing which is something that we see less and less these days with current game trends. These days, video games are almost always intense and full of action so finding something that's different is pretty nice. well done developpers.the only problem although it is pretty minor, i have a spotted a line that seems like it's missing a word on day 15 or 16 on Day i believe. but it has only happened once so it doesn't affect the whole game"
,Recommended,447530,26912624,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aiden,Best waifu simulator I have ever played.I have played like 2 or 3 but whatever.
76561198071621928,Recommended,447530,27015037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Napkin,I am playing a story driven game a second time. For comparison I did NOT play Undertale a second time.That's just how much I adore this little piece of gem.
,Recommended,447530,34303826,Posted: 17 August,all,Frostshield (in Boot Camp),I serve drinks to waifu's and husbando's all alike. Sometimes drunk. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198005655387,Recommended,447530,34054275,Posted: 6 August,all,Fleeting Relevance,I've never wanted to live in a video game's world so badly before.
,Recommended,447530,34450185,Posted: 23 August,all,InfinityOps,"Summary:This game has been out for over a year, and a lot of people more skilled and charismatic than I am have said their piece about Va-11 Hall-A. But I need to write this. I owe this game's creator's that much at least.VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is what is best described as a visual novel/bartending simulator with a cyberpunk aesthetic. You probably figured that much out from the title and store page. This game is set in Glitch City, an urban hellhole where criminals, petty and white-collar, are free to prey on the weak and innocent. Their tyranny is enforced by nanomachines as well as the high-tech White Knights, Glitch City's own police force. The streets are deadly, and quality of life is dangerously low for anyone not on the corporations' nice list. It is, for all intents and purposes, a dystopia. But this story isn't about that.The setting is a dystopia, yes, but the story doesn't feature any over-the-top heroics or efforts to overthrow the tyrannical government. You're Jill, an employee at the titular bar: VA-11 Hall-A, or just Valhalla. You make and serve drinks at the request of the bar's many unique and eccentric patrons. Over the course of the fairly long narrative, you get to know each and every one of these characters as they talk about their lives. As a bartender, it's Jill's job to both serve drinks and socialize with these patrons. Through this dialogue, it becomes apparent that Jill herself has quite a lot of baggage. And given how dangerous the setting is, it's easy to get anxious. Is this character going to be okay? Are they ever going to come back? VA-11 Hall-A is one of the only stories that has ever made me feel genuine concern over the fates of certain characters. That's right: I found a story that can warm my stone-cold heart.It means even more given that the developers are from Venezuela, a nation in the middle of mass revolt against its own government. Playing/reading VA-11 Hall-A, it's easy to see how much of this setting was inspired by the situation in the developers homeland. But the game isn't overly preachy. It's simply about the characters and their lives, full of ups and downs. Despite the science-fiction inspired setting, it's one of the most real things I've ever experienced.Pros:- Excellent narrative- The amazing soundtrack, an amalgamation of techno and vaporwave tunes befitting the setting- A diverse gallery of memorable and likeable characters.- Simple bartending gameplay to help break up the narrativeCons:- Price may be a bit steep if you're not totally sold on the concept. Definitely get it if it's on sale though.- Context clues for what drink to prepare (when the answer isn't just given to you) aren't always clear. You may occasionally get an order wrong without it feeling like your fault."
,Recommended,447530,34275168,Posted: 16 August,all,Daf,A fun game where all I need to do is click on text boxes. Well worth the money I spent.
,Recommended,447530,34683535,Posted: 2 September,all,M'-a,This game is simply awesome.The aura it brings makes you feel so relaxed you just become one with the game.10/10 Brandtinis
,Recommended,447530,34659463,Posted: 1 September,all,LunarLazuli,"Superb entry level VN style game due to its short length and engrossing presentation. The soundtrack, aesthetic, and soothing atmosphere found in VA-11 Hall-A are absolutely the crowning achievements. While shortness and accessibility are one of the game's strongsuits they're simultaneously a gripe I have. I would've loved the game to be longer or expanded upon in some way. The drink mixing mechanic could've been more substantially implemented as a gameplay mechanic. Dialogue options could've also been used in addition to them in order to offer more variety, though I get that they wanted Jill to be more of her own character than a mouthpiece for your thoughts. There is more music in the game than they knew what to do with and it's a shame that the game wasn't a bit longer to accommodate. Minor complaints on an otherwise awesome and unique entry in the visual novel genre. I'd be very interested in a sequel that improves upon the formula established here. Sukeban Games have my attention and I'm eager to see what they will release next!"
76561198328665196,Recommended,447530,28914701,Posted: 1 January,all,Monkey Baruto,"VA-11 HALL-A also known as Valhalla is a game I looked forward to playing for quite a while, a bartending sim set in a futuristic cyberpunk world... with waifus?! SIGN ME UP!Gameplay:Valhalla is more of an interactive novel than a game but does feature some rather unique gameplay, mixing drinks is simple and pretty easy and it's pretty hard to screw up if you ask me, but i found myself enjoying the process of creating one of the many available drinks. There are times when the drinks you give someone (or the amount of alcohol you put in them) can change various things about the story such as dialogues and endings, but it never seems to change too much (I think this is appropriate for the setting however). The only other gameplay aspect would be the managing of funds, paying rent, electricity etc while also buying items to keep Jill happy which can be troublesome but it's not too difficult.Visuals/Sound:The game looks very nice, the colourful neon signs work well with the dark backgrounds and manage to help paint a great picture of Valhalla's world. The pixel art used makes it look modern but also brings back memories to older games as it does seek to emulate PC-98 graphics, and by god does it do a great job!  The Music is excellent and works very well with the cyberpunk setting and you can even choose what music you want to listen to out of the many available tracks.Story/Setting:You are a bartender, a seemingly insignificant character, not some big-shot swordsman, a power armor clad space marine your just a simple bartender. If i recall correctly all the games characters are based on minor characters, background characters, with their own lives, professions  and troubles. It dumps you in this strange futuristic world one day in mid December with no clear objective or plot, just finish your job and get paid. Granted there is some kind of plot that ties in with Jill's romantic past, but the game is more of an insight into other peoples lives and the world around them (especially the romantic aspects of them). We piece together a picture of glitch city from the stances and opinions of the various people who visit the bar, they bring up things in a casual manner that makes the world feel real and natural. Glitch city and it's strange inhabitants and policies are quite funny and draw inspiration from the modern day world, but it seems too real sometimes, the story is set in an alternate reality but in 60 years i can see the world developing sex-robots and nano-machines, and it can often paint a tragic or depressing picture of what our world could become.Writing:Easily one of the best parts is the writing, hearing customers complain about their lives is interesting, listening to them complain about their lives and troubles as they sit down to drink has an odd charm to it. It can be incredibly witty and hilarious at times that will definitely make the most stone hearted person crack a smile( especially when certain characters get drunk). It also can be very relatable and references relevant things such as livestreaming, memes,hacking groups and online message boards which help bring the world to life.Conclusion:After finishing the game I wanted more, it's one of those rare games where I got very attached to the world and it's characters, all I could think of is "" What the heck do i do now "". it brings you down to earth and reminds you that you and everyone else have there own lives, professions and troubles. The visuals and music immerse you in a unique and unforgettable world with interesting characters and scenarios, some of which will stick with you for a while.Sure it's got some flaws but it's and absolutely a great way to relax and slip into another world, I only wish it could be longer, it slipped through my hands and i look back on it very fondly.Is it worth £11 or $14?, in my mind HELL YES! It's the only one of it's kind and it's definitely something that needs to be experienced first hand, whether it's for the characters, te writing or the amazing setting. So if you just want something to relax, crave an interesting world or are into visual novels then this is a must buy.SIDE-NOTE: Jill is best girl!!!!"
,Recommended,447530,28466196,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Libby,"Highly Polished, Highly Regarded""Even if you don't like visual novels, give this one a chance.""I'm not one of those people who enjoy Visual Novels that much, In fact, initially I wasn't aware the game was a VN - I stumbled onto it by accident, liked the look and thought it was a bar simulator (which I guess it kinda is, too). So I was surprised to find that I actually fell into the world of VA11 Hall-A and stayed there until the end - an accomplishment for me.The sound design, the graphics, the writing... all of these things were highly polished and highly enjoyable. The gameplay was simplistic but refreshing (though I would have preferred a click-based interface for the ingredient-adding instead of drag-and-drop. Those big drinks were killing me!)The graphics really helped sell the feel of the setting of the bar of VA-11 Hall-A. They were chill and classy and the small details like clicking through the TV channels or how the character sprites animated subtly (in some ways, not-so in others) really made the place feel -real-. The characters were the main selling point of the game, their designs interesting and lovely, really helping to give them the feel of 'this is not your usual VN character'.Indeed, the writing was what really shone when it came to setting up the characters and the world they lived in. There were very few spelling/grammar mistakes through-out it, and the characters were very well written and interesting. They touched on many different facets of living in a society that is corrupt, futuristic, fatalic, open- and close-minded. The character interactions, the way they talked and expressed themselves really helped sell the game as a fresh experience.You won't find your typical Japanese Harem-type characters in the game, though you will find such charmers as a large-breasted (and hearted) hacker, a sex-bot with the appearance of a child (who is extremely sweet and lovable), a cinnabun with more than enough muscles to bench-press yo♥♥♥♥♥and many, many more.The best character, by far, is Jill, the main character herself. Through her observations and interactions the other characters come to life. She is flawed but pithy, silly but serious, intelligent but self-effacing and all manner of awesome. She has faults, she has issues and she is one of the more interesting characters in a game filled with very interesting ones.The sound design is the last thing I'll touch on and mainly because this game is the only one whose soundtrack I would purchase in a heartbeat. I don't buy soundtracks (in fact, the last one I got was Suikoden II's vocal soundtrack and that was a Christmas present from about... 2000?) so for me to say such a thing is quite an endorsement. The music is so on-point and fun - there's a huge selection and it all fits the atmosphere of the game very well. There are mellow tunes and swinging tunes and more than a few tunes that will be stuck in your head for days.Lastly I want to reiterate that I am not a fan of Visual Novels by any stretch of the imagination. There are some that I have played and enjoyed (Black Closet/A Little Lily Princess/This is the Police) but usually they have some sort of extra gameplay attached to spice them up and make them more interesting (in my book). In fact, I'm one of those people who are not likely to play a game like this one more than once, so I highly appreciate the New Game + mode that it offers, as well as the fast-forward text skipping. Kudos for that!Anyway, what I'm saying is, if you like Visual Novels and good writing and great visuals and awesome sound in any way, shape or form, getting this game is far from the worst thing you could do. Even if you, like me, don't enjoy Visual Novels all that much."
,Recommended,447530,28622254,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ThatGuyPat Farmskins.com,"I am honestly blown away with this game. It is hands down the best i've ever played, and i'm only starting day 4. Already, it's an interesting experience. It's a choice based game, but there are no obvious choices. It all depends on the drinks you mix. Interestingly enough, it makes sense in a way. It's fun to experiment with how the customers will react to certain drinks. I personally just get everybody as hammered as possible.I stumbled upon this game by accident on the winter sale this year. I was pretty skeptical at first. A game about bartending? Story based? not my kind of game./ But, i had the cash and decided why the hell not. I have no regrets. I launched the game, and immideately fell in love with it. The asthetic, the music, oh it's all just so astoundingly beautiful.And the charachters, already they have so much depth. At first I absolutely hated Mr. Donovan, but now I can mix a large beer without the recipie. The characters are dynamic, and have extreme depth. Sei is by far the biggest clutz i've ever seen. And the boss, that helmet had me laughing till i had cramps in my abdomen.And the comedy. The comedy is hilarious. You'll be laughing the entire way through. There are even a few nice little pop culture references thrown in (I love pinky and the brain too dev guys and gals). Theres also a little bit of work required to piece together the information in the articles, especially pertaining the the Alice_rabbit. Like seriously, do you know how long it took me to translate like, 22 letters in binary? okay only about 15 minutes, but it threw me for a loop, albiet a very fun one.Over all, a 100/100. It's absolutely perfect in every way."
76561197970887820,Recommended,447530,29956450,Posted: 15 February,all,Mandrake42,"Valhalla (sorry, it's just easier to write this way) is essentially a visual novel with drink mixing replacing the typical branching choices. The action takes places in a dystopian cyberpunk world (is there any other kind?) where your character Jill works at a local watering hole, Valhalla. You will spend your day serving drinks to a cast of colorful characters and listening in on their lives and troubles in typical bartender faction.There are hints of greater things going on in the world at large, but really, the games plot is entirely character focused. Thankfully the characters are well written and engaging, you will even be interested in what's happening with the chracters you don't like. The characters you like though, you will flat out love. The game has a lot of heart and there is tragedy mixed in with the comedy (Of which there is a lot). I really got a kick out of the game as a whole. In the couple of days that it took me to solve, I played nothing else.The graphics go for a retro vibe, but are excellently done. They are full of detail and character and they really work well to create a sense of place and personality. The music also is really well worth mentioning as it's varied and excellent. Oh there is a new game+ once you finish too, so if you missed out on the best ending first time around (Like I did), you can restart with all your cash and items, making nailing the best ending next time around much easier.Really highly recommended and I would love to return to this world at some stage.Lovely stuff, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,447530,33290164,Posted: 5 July,all,Stuart Noodle Pot,"Nice atmosphere, great game to play in a cousy chair at night with a glass somthing you like"
,Recommended,447530,29331054,Posted: 17 January,all,Ulthirteen,"Amazing music, awesome artwork, memorable characters, and filled to the brim with great writing. The most charming game of all time for me."
,Recommended,447530,34783939,Posted: 6 September,all,•cC• Cookie,interactive visual novel set in a bar with a bunch of people with problemsmemorable characters funny dialoguegood if you like reading
76561197993112530,Recommended,447530,34787942,Posted: 6 September,all,Quetzalcoatl,"This is the first visual novel I have played. A cyberpunk style dystopian future but focused on the everyday people. This is a fantastic game with endearing characters, a beautiful storyline, and a unique gameplay method of interacting with the story.Sukeban Games should be proud!Also, if you enjoy retro synthwave music from the game the artist Garoad has the music on bandcamp; the money goes to support National Coalition Against Domestic Violence(https://garoad.bandcamp.com)!"
,Recommended,447530,30569819,Posted: 17 March,all,Dokuro,(´・ω・`)
,Recommended,447530,34863324,Posted: 10 September,all,Berseker,"I played the game three times in a row, to get all achievements.Loved the writing and the soothing atmosphere it creates."
76561198079539206,Recommended,447530,34869439,Posted: 10 September,all,ToSitInSolemnSilence,"I just wanted to pour drinks, hear some stories, and listen to some bangin music. I got that."
76561198347996941,Recommended,447530,31605919,Posted: 7 May,all,Dionysus,"I thought I would neve be a guy who is into this kind of game. But after three hours of playing, now I'm pretty sure I will not play other games before I finish this one!!"
,Recommended,447530,31610318,Posted: 7 May,all,Ekenwars,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a visual novel that revolves around the life of bartender 'Jill'. It is an incredible story with great art style, soundtrack and atmosphere. A great game of its genre, VA-11 Hall-A will bring an experience that players will remember keep in their hearts for a long time.Pros:- Beautiful, 8-bit art style and soundtrack- Interesting and relatable characters- Great plot and progression- Multiple 'endings'- Interactions/drinks served will affect player dialogue(and sometimes endings)Cons:- 'Repetitve' gameplay (Serving drinks)- Long time to reach savepoints/checkpointsThis is a great game if you are interested in deep characters, dialogue or a good story altogether. It is a game best played when you have time to spare and when you are looking forward to relax.Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,447530,28625403,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,nama  J E F F,"Everything about this game is absolutely incredibleThe story, the flow, the characters, the dialogue, and of course the music is all wonderful. I really really do like it. All o these elements make the game feel so real, even though it's set in a hugely futuristic and dystopian future ~60 years from now.I think the greatest thing this game has to offer is its huge variety of characters and the interactions they have with each other. This is worked on a lot, and definitely makes the game the great work it is in a large way. The characters feel, in a small way, real and relatable because they have to go through troubles and deal with lots of different things that even us normal everyday players can associate with. It has a very charming feel to it, and (forgive me, I know I've said it several times already haha) I am in love with almost every aspect of it.The little choices you make that can change the outcome of something is also something that I enjoy, although it isn't really a huge element. I've always liked games that have different endings based on the choices you make, and even though they're fairly minor things in this game, they still work well.The music is absolutely incredible and a lot of the music has that very futuristic cyberpunk-y feel to it, obviously perect for this game. A few of my personal favorites include Every Day is Night, Synthestitch, A. Rene, and Drive Me Wild. Of course I can only list a few because it wouldn't be easy to list all of my favorites!This is definitely one of my favorite games of the year. 10/10 would ABSOLUTELY recommend."
,Recommended,447530,34905409,Posted: 12 September,all,Northbound,"I don't even know where to begin with this game. The soundtrack is amazing. The characters are incredibly well written. You actually feel like Jill (the protag) and the other characters are going through♥♥♥♥♥♥Unlike other cyberpunk stories that center around some badass noir detective or something, VA-11 HALL-A is different in that you're honestly ♥♥♥♥ing powerless in the face of the dystopian, economically-inept, megacity hellhole you live in. You're just an average person trying to get by. It's even more interesting because a lot of the characters you meet almost seem like protagonist-role characters, or people who would be.I didn't expect such an amazing experience from this game. I randomly bought it a year ago because I was curious.. and I'm very glad I did.There are also many witty jokes, memes and references throughout the game."
76561198037686300,Recommended,447530,28810771,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Thanatos,"It's suprisingly good. English isn't my native language but I'll try my best.I wasn't a fan of anime games before I played this game. But Steam told me that I might be interested and it was on sale so I decided to give it a try. Based on the good reviews this game got.What should I say? I got instantly sucked into this game. Loveable characters, a good sense of humor and a story you can really compasionate with. The whole game takes place in this one room: A bar called Valhalla. You are the bartender and your only job is to mix drinks and change peoples life. What you do perfectly, till something changes your life.I've made it through the story in one sitting. I wish it never had ended. I had built a kind of relationship to the characters. Sounds awkward? I don't give a damn, they're my friends now :DFor all fans of story based games a must-buy. Even if you're not into anime ;D"
76561197972310636,Recommended,447530,28796376,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HunterGerhart,"Multiple endings, the sickest soundtrack I could have hoped for and top-notch writing sure to set a new standard. Valhalla is  a comfy game with stunning visuals. ""What is the gameplay like?"" I hear you say - to that I'll just direct you to the prologue found on itch.io, narratively relevant to your experience.(https://sukebangames.itch.io/valhalla-bar)1: Click on Dialog2: Serve Drink3: RepeatGawk at the recipe all you want, the flavor is in the preparation and ingredients. One of the few games where the character I cared least for sent me too many feels at once to cry.The soundtrack is included with the game but desperately needs a standalone jukebox player. Careful not to spoil yourself as many of them are unlockables.As for the player's part in the narrative, you control the bar machine. You're responsible for everything that entails drunkeness and all, sometimes the right drink is the wrong one. Outside of mixing drinks you play as a sort of spirit of avarice, you have no direct choice in dialog but the writing reflects your purchases and bartending style.Story -> Soundtrack -> Gameplay...and in that order, take the Visual Novel tag seriously on this one."
,Recommended,447530,28808907,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dan from Danbo,"What attracted me at first was the ""Overwhelmingly Postive"" reviews. So I saved it on my wish list, waiting for the day I could play it.I wish I had played it sooner.VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is visual novel, but not your ordinary VN. You play as a bartender, serving drinks and talking to colorful characters that come through your bar. You have the control over getting them drunk, which is honestly one of the best things because you can change a whole situation with that mechanic.For the record, I kept most of my clients sober. But playing it again I'll probably get everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥faced.The characters are well developed and all tightly knit together and if you pay well enough attention, you'll be finding yourself saying, ""Hey wait a minute, this sounds very familiar..."" There is so much detail packed into just a few words that it's almost necessary to make a second run through, because you can't see it all the first time.The story is told extremely well, and not by just one person too which makes it so interesting and complicated. The laughs are great and the feels are tear-provoking. I found myself getting chicken-skin several times by just normal conversations that these characters had because it felt so relatable and true. I never once felt bored or felt the need to skip any dialogue because it was all so entertaining, truly.Overall, do I recommend this game to everyone? God yes.Do yourself a favor, get this game, some snacks and sit down for a good story.You won't regret it.Cheers."
,Recommended,447530,34966495,Posted: 15 September,all,Galil the Raifu,"As the name suggest, this game involves some bartender action, as you're Jill, a bartender. Jill works in a bar, mixing drinks for customers, listens to their stories, and of course, earns some cash, like an adult.The gameplay itself is really simple, you listen to each character, make them a drink, and read some more dialog, nothing more, because it doesn't need anything more than that. As Jill said: ""Time to mix drinks and change lives"". You are the bartender, you make drinks, nothing more(of course you'll chat with customers, but there won't be any dialog to choose, everything's filled for you). Basically, all you have to do is to make a drink for your customers, depending on what they want.To some people it will get repetitive quickly, yeah, sure, but if you decided to buy it, you are probably buying this game for its story, which is quite beautiful(so far, as I'm still playing it now).The setting of the story is somewhat pretty, a dystopian city, and you're just a fellow citizen living your live, meeting different strangers every night, and everyone has their own story, and their stories are remarkable, I mean, I'm those who will forget a character's existence fast, but not this time, when a new character appears, I can remember them easily, even if my memory slipped a bit, I can still recall it. And during the interaction between Jill and customers, it's quite real, and it's like you are part of the story, rather than just a bystander, or just some self insert stuff.Also there're some memes or jokes and stuff in the dialog, well it's kinda funny, it's a plus I think.Now I wanna talk about Jill specifically. Maybe because I'm assuming the role of her, I like this character so much. However there's more reason behind that. Being the female protagonist, Jill isn't really the usual ""cheering"" waifu even she can change people's lives with her drinks, she's more like a calm, and with some sarcasm within her. And then I realized she's somewhat like me, like, I can relate to her. If she was real I believe we'd be smoking and drinking together, and sharing stories.Overall a really really great game. And I just need to play it at 3am, and get myself some alcohol for the full experience."
,Recommended,447530,34987874,Posted: 15 September,all,Screeching Owl,"... This is good - Yoko Tarodirector of NeiR: AutomataScratch that this game is better than good it's amazing. This game is just a touching story through and through. If you're looking for a briliant alternative to the boring monotony of the games industry as of late here it is. The characters are amazing, the style is amazing, and the gameplay though simple is fun. This game beat my prior favorite game as everything in this game is great even though it is a linear I story I'm going to find myself playing through this many more times to come. Damn Lenore..."
,Recommended,447530,34991363,Posted: 16 September,all,Tham,Pros:-Great characters-Great art style-Great soundtrack-Great gameplayCons:-Despite the title theres no action-Too short :(-No robo waifu sex scenes9/10 Buisness Corgis in Tuxedos
,Recommended,447530,28761677,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,soeuph0ric,"just when i though i was cured of being a degenerate, this game pulls me back in. well written (it manages to have lesbian characters without it feeling forced) and enjoyable throughout despite the total lack of gameplay outside of mixing drinks.not really a ""game"", more a visual novel. probably my favorite VN everincluding katawa shoujomight update this review once i finish the NG+ but i'll probably forget to.overall 10/10 wouldhave good banter withDorothy again"
,Recommended,447530,30329936,Posted: 4 March,all,H.E.C.U,"Finally, a game I can play one-handedNah, this game is actually really, really damn good, I've been hyped for this game for over 2 years now, and I was so excited to see it finally release. So what is this game? well, the title sums it up perfectly, your a bartender, and you live in a Cyberpunk world. Is that it? No, the game is a visual novel, and is best for chilling out in the evening, grabbing a soda(Or alcaholic beverage depending on your age) and some potato chips, and just relaxing while watching the interesting conversations, and listening to the ""soundtrack"" of the game.Why did I put quotations on soundtrack? Because this game doesn't just have a soundtrack, it has Music, actual music, that I can actually listen to, and enjoy even when not playing the game. So many game's make the mistake of having a soundtrack that can only really be listened to while playing the game, who listens to the Super Mario Bro's® theme while driving in their car? If you have ever played the first Deus Ex game, first off, I highly reccomend it, 2nd off, this game has a soundtrack that is pretty comparable to Deus Ex's. If you don't like Visual Novels, then just watch someone else play it on youtube, and buy the Soundtrack.The actual game is also amazing, while there isn't much gameplay, the story is very interesting, basically just consisting of talking to people about their day to day problems, and every now and then mixing drinks."
76561198050151651,Recommended,447530,24964819,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,woodruww,"I have read alot of the game's positive reviews and concur with most of them. However, what I liked most about this game is the fabulous music soundtrack composed by Garoad. ( I have puchased some of It) Hope there's a sequel down the road. (I'll be waiting)"
76561198120818234,Recommended,447530,28732043,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ronnoc,"It is a simple game where you serve interesting people interesting drinks. A normal girl in a city, not too shabby."
,Recommended,447530,29578816,Posted: 29 January,all,Dr. Dolor™,"Pros:-Astonishing game that gets the cyberpunk ambience right.-Great story, filled with very well-made characters and dialogue. Plus funny moments.-Waifus.-10/10 soundtrack.-Perfect for when you just want to relax or chill out.-Probably forgetting something, but that's about it, without spoiling anything I guess.Cons:-None.If at least 2 of the pros convinces you, you really should buy it, because damn this game is good, the developers did an amazing job."
76561198129045415,Recommended,447530,35240387,Posted: 27 September,all,Bun,"Great game with a wonderful atmosphere, a good and interesting selection of music, relaxing gameplay and most importantly, Extremely enjoyable characters, 9/10"
76561198169243790,Recommended,447530,28001023,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bytor_x86,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action - 14.99€A ""VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action"" is 1 overwhelming atmosphere, 1 top-notch dialog, 1 beautiful art, 1 great soundtrack, 1 cute girls & drinks. All on the rocks and blended.""Definitely a nominee for The Chillest Game Award. A perfect game to go with a beer for unwinding after a day of work. Why go to a real bar when you can be in Vallhalla?""captivating, profound, recommended"
76561198055954638,Recommended,447530,26824949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MoonMoon,"Absolutely stunning. I was rather sceptical because of the suspiciously high reviews, but this game deserves it. It's good no matter how you play it, but I find it a lot more relaxing to play a ""chapter"" or two with a drink after particularly long days."
,Recommended,447530,28026284,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,johnzhu,Get other people drunk.Get yourself drunk with best boss.Reload save.Repeat.
,Recommended,447530,35204441,Posted: 25 September,all,BlueEleven,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action, is a game about Waifus.I like it"
76561198133804810,Recommended,447530,24487956,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,pigzillion,"I just served alcohol to a Shiba wearing a hawaiian shirt and sunglasses, a loli robot sex worker, and a cute, 4th wall breaking ghost girl called Anna, who offered to lift up the shirt of a client with a massive pair of ti-10/10 Would serve alcohol to minors, ghosts and dogs named ""Rad Shiba"" again."
,Recommended,447530,25476431,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Corumpkin,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action, or Vallhalla for short, is a interactive bartender simulation game. I hesitate to call it a Visual Novel, but it's definitely got VN elements in it.Overrall I thoroughly enjoyed the game and the universe it's set in. Unlike most games you're not a hero or a side-kick, but rather a girl named Jill: just a normal person working as a bartender in the highly corrupt Glitch City in the early 2070's. The story of Vallhalla isn't about the world it's in, but instead about the people who live in it.The soundtrack and art of VA-11 Hall-a is beautiful in my opinion and sets the mood and setting very well. You can even select what songs you want to play. Most games don't do that.I don't know if we'll be seeing any more games from Jill's perspective, but whether or not we will, I hope this isn't the last we see of this universe from Sukeban Games.A little known fact about the game is that it's actually a indirect and unmentioned sequel to another game known asRead Only Memories, which is made by a different developer. I haven't played the game, but I plan on buying it soon.Update: I nominated this game for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award in the 2016 Steam Awards."
76561198129628861,Recommended,447530,24211045,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spooktoberfest,"'Welcome to Valhalla, What can i get You?'"
,Recommended,447530,25866779,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Radicaljellyman,"Short, sweet, lovable, down to earth and heartwarming in ways you might not expect.Papers Please with a sleepier, more mellow tone and with more intimate mini-stories and interpersonal issues to deal with.Relax, have a couple of drinks, and dive in. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,447530,28266945,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Nora (Birthday in 3 days),"I like to think of this game as taking place in the same universe as the original Deus Ex.It carries the tourch suprisingly well, a lot of the major themes are the same. Rampant technocracy, A vast economic depression, Rising terrorism, Unethical scientific advancements. But instead of playing as Super Spy JC Denton. This time your trapped in the world of one Julianne Stingray. Working class bartender with bills to pay, a crappy apartment, and a cat named Fore.This makes for a relatable story about just struggling to get by in a dystopic world where an Iphone as a market value higher than a human life. The relatablity of the main character is probably this game's strongest point as is the overall quality of the writing. I personally found most of the encounters in game to be very human and emotional. The actual gameplay itself is swift easy to learn and doesn't break up the flow, I rarely found myself struggling to mix a drink or having the actual drink mixing interupt the flow of the story.Even with such a simple click based interface the game manages to have a few nice twists here, and there to change the pace and prevent it from getting stale.Overall I'd highly recomend this game to anyone who's a fan of visual novels, or just needs a good near future dystopia to fill the void."
,Recommended,447530,24197490,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Doge,Was not entirely sure what I was getting into when I got this but..Much fun. Such drinks. Many characters.  So dialogue. Compel story. Wow. Beer.
,Recommended,447530,29025504,Posted: 4 January,all,♗ Captain Narcolepsy。,"I honestly am very picky when it comes to visual novels, but this one really was a winner. I was expected a straight click fest of non-stop talking, but there is more to it than that. There are character interactions which will be effected by what drinks you serve them, or how you interact with them. This was a complete game changer for me. The interactions between you (Jill) and the customers, along with your co-workers are never boring and keep you highly entertained. I recommend this game to anyone who wishes to change their pace when it comes to visual novels.Pro:- Great soundtrack- Cute art style- Entertaining dialogues- Drunk talk- Stalking your Boss- ROBOTS- Multiple endings which gives it high-replay valueCon:- Multiple endings which gives it high-replay value (I guess?)Recommendation:- Don't get it if you don't like visual novel style games.- Don't get it if you aren't open-minded about sexualities- Don't get it if you're not a fan of cyber-punk- Get it if you like getting hit on by sexy robots and non-robots"
76561198091735163,Recommended,447530,26490839,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ZXY101,Anime was a mistake...
,Recommended,447530,28720449,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CharlieGSツ,"One of the best visual novels I've ever played. It may be expensive, but it's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,447530,23744904,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Maverick,"Finished my first playthrough. Comfy status: MaximumMust buy for Part-Time Dogs, waifus, and bartending."
,Recommended,447530,24228368,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mememaster,Amazing game. Has surprising depth.
,Recommended,447530,24805692,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Lucky Veeli,"pros:fun visual novel. cute character designs. mixing drinks is really, really fun. got almost every achievement easily except for the one from beating the bullet hell game because i'm bad. amaziiiiiiiing soundtrack.cons:-hope you like dated ♥♥♥♥♥ memes-often cringy dialogue-wish there were romance options-dorothy"
,Recommended,447530,26593069,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,statica,"Visual Novels are my personal favourite type of games, and most normally have to do with dating pretty boys or ""lewd"" anime girls. So this is a nice change of pace.You could say this is anime-esque but the style is really unique and lovely and isn't your classic weeb game. The pixel art is outstanding and the music ties it all together with a nice feel. The aesthetic and the atmosphere of the game has made this one of my - if not - favourite games.Although there isn't much going on the whole mixing drinks and talking to clients, along with everything is very peaceful. The game is realistic in the feels of downtown bars with random clients and stories that every bartender has heard. You can even change the music that plays in the bar and play a little minigame in your apartment, So all in all I highly recommend this game. It's not for everyone but I do hope you enjoy it and find a place in Glitch City!"
,Recommended,447530,33266373,Posted: 5 July,all,AsatorPrime,"As someone who enjoys visual novels, but can't stand the waves of crappy generic anime titles that have flooded the market this game was a refreshing surprise. It kept me engaged with its great writing and characters and I found it hard to walk away. This game should be in everyone’s list of top visual novels."
76561198174997209,Recommended,447530,33529014,Posted: 13 July,all,Paracoin,ｐｌａｙ　ｏｎｅ　ｍｏｒｅ
,Recommended,447530,24238520,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CatBoomer,such cyberpunk
,Recommended,447530,25302520,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,島風です！『SHIMAKAZE』,One of the poorest countries in the world produced one of the richest stories in a game.
,Recommended,447530,31040215,Posted: 9 April,all,MjK,Woaw. I'm not into VN. (Don't mind the Nekopara vol.1 it was a meme buy ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°))Va-11 hall-a is a touching and funny story in a decent cyberpunk full of moe (it iz wapanese)Almost all characters are likeable even the weirdest.That was a great experience. Even for a not so weeby VN addict.It's been a good time to mix drinks and change lives.
,Recommended,447530,30751306,Posted: 26 March,all,Grozovoi Yuri-ist,"This is the best text-based adventure game I've played so far. It even fulfilled my dream of creating tons of alcohol-rich drinks.During my playing process I inevitably consumed quite an amount of vodka, beer and orange juice. I guess part of the greatness of this game came from them."
76561198010102274,Recommended,447530,28261597,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BlackRose,"I am level 225 in Overwatch, but this game here is the true Game Of The Year.I am in a rough position in my life and this game, although cyberpunk, has given me some light and hope. I thank the developers for putting so much love, detail and dank memes in the game. Also, this is the first timethat I have seen LGBTQ+ elements feature so prominently in a game. As a queer trans woman, I can not stress how happy that makes me.It's a shame that this project has been actively sabotaged. I can not even begin to think how you can rationalize destroying a game as beautiful as this.Sequel or not, thank's for the ride. I wish the developers all the best for 2017 and strongly recommend anyone reading this reviewespecially if you are LGBTQ+to play it. You will not regret it."
76561198087750854,Recommended,447530,25684831,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Johnster The Monster,I'm actually upset that it ended...
76561198127719656,Recommended,447530,24315362,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,JJ4622,"Well, that was a blast with amazing characters and wonderful story telling that made me feel some genuine happiness, sadness and indeed a little fear (Sei, don't scare me like that goddamn it!). 9/10. Woud be 10/10, but I want more. A lot more. Maybe 24 hours more? I mean, i could probably last a week on that."
,Recommended,447530,26474309,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,● Trenalon,Great relaxing and enjoyable game :)
,Recommended,447530,25103002,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,WorstPlayerEver,"Cold beers and hot grills, what more do you need?"
76561198216580197,Recommended,447530,33399999,Posted: 9 July,all,pinglefingle,I wish it would never end... ;_;
76561198056609704,Recommended,447530,25390599,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DBadge,Just buy the game.
,Recommended,447530,25482481,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,fatsoh,"This game has the comfyness of Undertale without all of the bad jokes. Some of the humor does kind of suck but not enough to detract from the whole experience like what happens games such as Borderlands 2, Battleborn, and Undertale. Also the music is 10/10."
,Recommended,447530,32428876,Posted: 15 June,all,Brickbat,catgirl yes
,Recommended,447530,23839770,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sham,"I'm rewriting my review entirely from scratch because I've finished everything but a single route, that I'll get later. It made me require too much revision to just keep the old one.Sukeban Games is good. We need to get them out of Venezuela.Ysbryd games is scum, and I dislike them for using this as a shill tool for their garbage upcoming RPG which represents absolutely everything I hate about the industry now.Now that that's out of the way: Hey, this is a decent visual novel-like bartending game in which each drink you give affects your income, the recipient's response, and dialogue that happens even days later. It's pretty cool how making someone extra drunk on day one can come up near the end of it in a really interesting way. Props for that.The music is excellent. Everything about it fits the game's elements and settings. A game that's good, should always have good music anyways.The art is... well, it's not bad, but it's not good either. It has the stylization going for it, but there are some moments where the glaring inconsistencies can ruin a lot of people. I felt put off whenever Jamie showed up, despite him being one of the coolest characters there.The characters are okay. There's a lot of unanswered questions, and I had issues with how much ""diversity"" there was before, but then I remembered it's cyberpunk and you can bang robots, so same-sex relations aren't all that bad. I'd probably bang a robot, too. Everyone is enhanced and it's normal, and society is pretty reflective of the developer's state of living right now. References abound, and not in a bad way.YIIK. Seriously. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate you for shoving YIIK so goddamn hard. You already ♥♥♥♥ing spammed my sites and got banned from them for being ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about it, and you have to do it in here? What scum. This isn't even referencing, and pulling this same thing can absolutely get you banned from a lot of sites.tl;dr good game, publisher is a tithorse."
,Recommended,447530,26329495,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,vris,OST of the yearWaifu of the yearDoggo of the yearComfiest game of the yearthat's all
,Recommended,447530,31367391,Posted: 25 April,all,Evil,Yes
76561198166615103,Recommended,447530,30830643,Posted: 30 March,all,ViolenceSureIsFun,10/10 would give kids incredibly alcoholic drinks again.
,Recommended,447530,28521251,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nezquickk,"You had me at ""waifu"""
,Recommended,447530,29412983,Posted: 21 January,all,Significantly Spookier Moonieman,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender ActionThis is a game i enjoy.... ALOT.This is a beautifully animated game, and i love it!Throughout this game you mix and blend drinks and sell them for really damn large prices. You'll listen to stories, and earn your cash to live in this Neo-Era of robotics, and White Knights."
,Recommended,447530,27312884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snek,We need more games like this.
,Recommended,447530,26997435,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FassQi,"[ I like it, okay? ]Fill your playlist (ALL of it) with a song you like.(most surprised game of the year!"
,Recommended,447530,24512072,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,camwut,"A simply incredible game.  The mechanics are straight-forward but additively entertaining, and the characters are about as colorful as they come.  One of my new favorite games, would highly recommend to anyone who appreciates a character and story-focused style."
,Recommended,447530,24507627,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,jankybit,"This game is amazing. As a huge visual novel fan of the oldschool japanese era, these guys REALLY did their homework. Wonderful art, atmosphere, amazing music, story has me hooked... this is a lot of fun!"
76561197977892146,Recommended,447530,29220007,Posted: 13 January,all,M6Hurricane,"1000 times yes.There aren't many games that you can just sit back and relax to, and that's mainly for 2 reasons, 1) they're action games or 2) they're not good enough to hold your attention (aka boring). VA-11 HALL-A managed to effectively strike that balance, giving you a relaxed game with engaging storylines and character development.This is the perfect game for taking a break from 360 no-scopes and calling dibs on mid and stresses of life. Just sit back, listen to the neo-80s, and enjoy the story."
,Recommended,447530,24320233,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,the egocentric police dick,Dorothy best girl
,Recommended,447530,31736448,Posted: 13 May,all,Insistent,Sit back and relax in this amazing visual novel. It's time to ____ and change lives!
76561198069776956,Recommended,447530,31703430,Posted: 12 May,all,Anime Faggot,"I didnt have high hopes for this game, but after watching gameplay, i bought the game and was instantly hooked. It really looks boring and pretty simple: you mix liquids and serve a drink, the rest is just text. I tought that too, and thats were we are wrong, its mucm more than that. The characters feel like they are real, the content alcohol in the drinks change how your customers interact with you, and there are so much secrets that i myself have not yet unraveled, and have not been unravaled by anyone. The story is mesmerizing that i ended the game in one day. If you like VN, sci-fi distopia you will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,447530,27411083,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coffer,Comfy.
,Recommended,447530,23747920,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,☭ Eevster72 ☭,"Type Waifu, get barraged by 2chan memes. 10/10 game of the year."
76561198092964872,Recommended,447530,26101199,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,twinfang,can you make more of this game... like at least 13 dlcs that i can buy so i can keep playing it?.. i need more of it....
,Recommended,447530,26198978,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,baphomette,"Every single thing I love in one experience. The characters are memorable, the soundtrack is to die for, the graphics could not be more PC98 influenced, and the overall aesthetic is mindblowing as far as how much Sukeban Games NAILED it. May this game be remembered for a long, long time. Highly recommended."
76561198057427199,Recommended,447530,23697076,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Rat Wizard,it's a good comfy as ♥♥♥♥ game and buying it helps fund escape from venezuela so buy it if you've got an interest in comfy games
,Recommended,447530,23698453,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Out of Time Units,"It's a visual novel with a twist: you steer the conversations by picking a particular drink to serve your clients. Like a good bartender, your skill at this game relies mostly on reading your customer and figuring out what kind of drink they want. You'll end up memorizing orders for your regulars, flipping through your recipe book trying to pick a cocktail to fit a client's mood, and so on and so forth. Waifu Bartending indeed."
,Recommended,447530,30894202,Posted: 1 April,all,Lukalade,1. Jill2. Dorothy3. Alma4. Streaming-chan5. Sei
,Recommended,447530,23687763,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Recovering Lyrium Addict,"I learned about this game maybe about two or so days ago.  I don't even remember what I was doing, I just stumbled on the soundtrack on Bandcamp and got hooked.  I impulse bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥about an hour ago because I really dug the soundtrack and I like Cyberpunk games even more.  I regret nothing.The game is fun.  Talking to people, reading little articles on your phone at home, browsing message boards, making drinks.  The gameplay is as simple as could be, but it's just really fun.  The retro-ish art and being able to choose what jams you want to listen to at the bar is also really great.  I haven't gotten far in, but I can easily see this becoming one of my favorite games because it's just a really comfortable experience that sucked me in fast.  Will update this later.  Hopefully this won't turn into a disappointment.EDIT: I finished the game in the same day, ♥♥♥♥ you for somehow not dropping the ball with this game halfway through or some other♥♥♥♥♥♥  This was seriously fun.  There's a lot of referential humor on the message board and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clickbait news site (Much more entertaining to read than actual clickbait♥♥♥♥♥♥by the way, good job.  And the more serious articles by Kim actually felt like they could be real if they weren't limited to 3-5 paragraphs), but the referential humor doesn't really hurt the game overall despite the sheer amount of it.  I actually found the danger/u/ to be really ♥♥♥♥ing charming because it felt so much like some plausible psuedo-""chan"".  Yeah some posts on there could be cringey like the REEEEE NORMIES♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that♥♥♥♥♥♥was also cringey when you see that♥♥♥♥♥♥on any image board so good job capturing that cringe.Anyways, back onto the game.  I don't know why, but it just held my attention entirely for ♥♥♥♥ing 10 hours (seriously what ♥♥♥♥ing black magic did you put in this♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Mixing drinks is so easy I should have gotten bored with it, but there was a certain feeling of pride that I'd get when I'd interact with a customer like Dorothy and remember her favorite drink when she's feeling♥♥♥♥♥♥or even just remembering recipes like Beer, Sugar Rush, Piano Man, and Piano Woman felt nice.  The mixing minigame could have been a bit more complex though and if you make a sequel to this game (Maybe Nirvana?  If you've gotten far enough into the game you should understand what I mean.) I'd like to see that minigame grow and become more of a challenge.  Making the player pick out drinks more on their own would also be nice, even if the MC is focused.Anyways this game did manage to become one of my favorite games.  Great music, great atmosphere, great art, great storytelling, lots of laughs, and most importantly...it's absolutely comfy.Last thing I'd also like to point out that the guy who did the music is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing top-tier for making about 80% of this kickass soundtrack free on ♥♥♥♥ing Bandcamp (I bought it anyways before I even played the game,♥♥♥♥♥♥was so good)."
,Recommended,447530,26214933,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BigBoyBun,"uh ohi accidently stumbled upon my game of the yearenjoy my relatively small summary of why i love this game and want 11 sequals and or prequals or just a spin off game where you play a Gil or SOMETHING PLEASE THIS IS AMAZING AND I-WE GOT STORYthis game has a full on universe behind it, set in a dystopian future full of corruption in ""Glitch City"". Everything from the abuse of power to illegal drug cartels, its up to you, Jill, to save the worl- !Yeah right. You play as Jill, a 27 year old bartender who came across the job ""on a whim"" and you're just trying to live your life in the corrupt ""Glitch City"". You work at a bar called ""VA-11 Hall-A"", nicknamed Valhalla (as its original name is a bit of a mouthful) with your co-worker Gil and boss Dana. The city is stricken with poverty in the lower classes, and its hard for you to get enough to pay for bills now adays, so knowing that the bar is going to close its doors soon is a worrying thought. Delve into a story rich world where you learn the stories behind your regular customers and co-workers, as they begin to open up to you (and you to them).WE GOT CHARACTERSEvery character in this game is interesting and unique, from the '♥♥♥♥♥ Hacker' Alma and her troubling love life and family, to the mysterious yet reliable Gil who... no one really knows much about. Each character is memorable and fun, and you cant help but care for them, want to learn more about them and help them in any way you can.WE GOT ARTAlright so the lore? Pretty sweet. The characters? Pretty damn sweet. The art-style? ♥♥♥♥ING - GORGEOUS. Theres not much I can say other than its a masterful pixel art style, and not a ""haha im using pixel art to make it look retro not because i cant handle anything more complicated!!!!"" kinda deal. Theres some heart in this game. (THERES OPTIONAL SCAN-LINES TOO, NICE TOUCH!)CONCLUSIONAll in all, its a majorly fun time if you're a fan of visual novel type games, theres not much gameplay other than mixing drinks and figuring out what people want, remembering peoples regular orders etc. but the story and characters are phenomenal. While I joked about saving the world at the beginning, and while you dont technically save THE world, you can save other peoples worlds by lending an ear and helping out. Truly,It's time to mix drinks and change lives."
76561198332555642,Recommended,447530,26067995,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Allan,This is the type of game that you should play while drunk and having a few snacks11/10 would catch STD'S like a russian roulete again
,Recommended,447530,23701582,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,guro,very good !
,Recommended,447530,23686364,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Newt Jesus,"The cyberpunking and bartending actions appear to work as advertised, by which I mean if this looks like your thing it probably is. It's a visual novel, but has no dating elements - it's in the style of a slice-of-life anime. Well written, varied, and not overbearing.Other Notes:* Not Papers, Please. Drinks are hard to mess up - they're dialogue choices, more or less.* The word waifu is never used in dialogue* Those people complaining about f-o-u-r chan references know too much about f-o-u-r chan* Good music* Don't splurge after paying your electricity bill* Really good music"
,Recommended,447530,29832145,Posted: 10 February,all,Truxton ✨🌙,"When Jill says ""It's time to mix drinks and change lives."", she's totally not kidding. This is a game that completely changed me, it brought a lot of joy into my life and I cannot describe how much I can fangirl over it.This is a game that deserves the full price. It's such a gem it brings tears to my eyes. It's more than just waifus.It truly is a life changing experience. Thank you Sukeban games."
,Recommended,447530,24509609,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,K,Love this game!
,Recommended,447530,29102380,Posted: 7 January,all,panc,chinese cartoon
,Recommended,447530,23923488,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,quib,"If someone asks for a game that is sweet, bitter, sour, spicy and bubbly, just serve them VA-11 Hall-A."
,Recommended,447530,23883215,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nyah,Jills thighs are a miracle of the universe!
,Recommended,447530,33026512,Posted: 30 June,all,QuotaBee,Time to change drinks and mix lives
76561198160868511,Recommended,447530,26379447,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"Neat visual novel/bartender simulator in a cool cyberpunk setting.The visuals,soundtrack and writing are all very good."
,Recommended,447530,33067851,Posted: 30 June,all,א,Good Things>chill>Fun>Easy>Great visuals>Instant Loading>Good Story>WaifusBad Things>Nothing
,Recommended,447530,23689840,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,wug,I'm at the point where I hope the dev(s) are going to get lots of cash for being cool guy(s) but I also don't want the game to become a meme.Life sucks for everyone.-edit-never speak french to me or my son ever again
,Recommended,447530,24032122,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ultra Hyped Jest Fan,This game has more chill than the ice cold beverages you serve in the game.
,Recommended,447530,24922836,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheDukeOfMagnets,this♥♥♥♥♥♥was lit
,Recommended,447530,28867628,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[30th] Hofnaar,"Date issued: Dec 30, 2016 @ 11:44 AM MNTDate put down after lengthy, and sick, off/on hours: Dec 31, 2016 @ 5:17 AM MNT(also time of writing this line of text!)is pretty gudi like the mentally 24 year old android waifu that looks like shes 11shes a nice lady-TL;DR-There is a reason why this game is overwhelmingly positive. And no, it is not just weaboos praising waifus. The game is a very indepth, and emotionally pleasing experience to bartend through, giving me some of my favorite characters I will have ever had the pleasure of serving digital drinks to in video games.-Reasoning-To put it seriously, this game is one of the first of MANY video games to evoke something in me I can't really describe. I have went through tons of 'thought' provoking games, and plethoras of visual novels. but this is in a whole other ball park, with its amazing story telling, bartending action gameplay, and superior indepth characters compared to the usual character stereotypes that you can usually expect from waifu♥♥♥♥♥♥games. Sure they still have their own anime trope type thing with some characters, but Sukeban Games has made sure to put meticulous work to each of them, making sure that each and every character feels lovable (or hateable, to all you steampunk curators out there) as well as just likeable in general.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIt is a sin from god that dogs cannot actually part-time at bars.I wasn't actually going to write a spiel for this. I usually just write a dumb meme, laugh at it, and leave. But this game deserves so much more than just a dumb inside joke to the people that have played the game. It is worth $14.99, and most likely triple that, honestly. I have been eyeing this game for the past three months, and I am so disappointed with myself I wasn't here on release day. A game has not made me feel this passionate, and honestly overjoyed that it purely exists for what it is. The best god damn cyberpunk bartending action you will ever experience, and most likely WILL ever experience."
,Recommended,447530,23962814,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Thicc Slicc Dicc,"Of course there is a lack of gameplay and the like, but it makes up for that with a very fat sense of setting, humour, music and dialogue. Should be played around midnight with a drink at your side. Narrative is excellent and every character is amazing in their own way. Help the two venezuelans that made this and please buy!"
76561198047202299,Recommended,447530,23816983,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shiratake,Perfect
76561197997882536,Recommended,447530,28105183,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Panzerfritz,"Playing the game, I grew attached to the characters very quickly, and I found myself wanting more from the world and the people in it. It's truly a great read and I loved every moment of it, and hated that feeling you get when it ends. I'm left craving for more information about everything this game can offer.I'm also a yuri fan so that had me sold from the get go."
76561198066269256,Recommended,447530,26118428,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nightmare of Solomon,"""G'evening."" -JillVA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a talking sim with lewd conversations, slice of life and great and interesting stories.++Story++In a distant future, the world is ruled by big companies, money and power. White Knights are like the new Kreuzritters. The go through the streets and take care of people who fight the system and do not obey. However, this story is not about someone fighting those knights or the corporations.This story is about Jill, a simple introverted bartender in the bar ""VA-11 Hall-A"", lovingly called Valhalla. She works there with Gillian, a friendly and silly but at times mysterious guy, and Dana, her boss and obvious secret crush. People come into the Valhalla to drown their worries in alcohol or just to talk about life. Not just normal people and regular guests, but also celebrities, white knights and bosses of companies take their seat in the little bar and simply start talking while Jill responds with a cool, reasonable and wise manner, like bartenders usually do.++Gameplay++All you do to talk to your guests is mixing drinks for them. Their reaction depends on what drink you mix for them and how you mix it. The guests sometimes want drinks with certain flavours and other attributes, lets say bitter and manly. You can always choose what drink to mix, and the mixing is really easily explained. As your customer drinks, they talk about stuff that bothers them. In these conversations, you have no choices to make, but they are so interesting and unique that it never gets boring. You also get to see a bit of Jills life off work. As she sits at home on her bed, you can decide to read the news on her tablet, listen to the songs of the game and go shopping to decorate Jills room.++Grafics++The grafical style is a mix of the pixel style that defined games like Day Of The Tentacle and modern anime character design. The environment, a rather dark city, is full of neon lights and screens like in movies back from the 80s. Every character looks totally unique and fits with the cyberpunk topic. Also featuring a nice version of Kano from Mortal Kombat!++Music++First time I played this game, the first thought I had ""SHIIIIT THAT TUNE IS SMOOTH!"" The music sounds a lot like old electronic songs.++Conclusion++I am not even halfway through the game and I am absolutely on fire about it. Thanks to Infamous Couch Snake, I got to know this absolute gem that has the potential to be my personal Game of the Year 2016.______________________________________________EDIT: ""Twintails are for teens with eight grade syndrome."" You just referenced my favourite anime, you know? Hands down, this is the game of the year 2016. ♥♥♥♥ everything else.EDIT... only 3 hours later:A MESSAGE TO THE DEVS:Dear Devs. I am not a crybaby. But this good ending made me ♥♥♥♥ing cry from happiness. You guys know, I was ♥♥♥♥ing afraid to play this game until the end. Its like the slice of life-anime that I love so much. I love how perfect life feels there, how friends help each other and all that stuff, but I am so scared of the points where all this breaks apart. However, you, dear devs, have made this journey, even with the gut punching plot twists, throughout enjoyable, and I even had this bittersweet feeling that I always get about stories of friends standing together in rough situations. You really hit my directly in the heart with this game, and  I happily raise my rum on your names. THANK YOU, CHEERS!"
76561198006617346,Recommended,447530,24030316,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gravy Knight,"Really, Really enjoyed this. Very well written, very funny, very personal stories. Heartily reccommended."
76561198003381569,Recommended,447530,26498015,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,valefor_sdad,This is an AMAZING GAME (and I am a graphics hoar)sp....GREAT GAME.:steamhappy:
,Recommended,447530,28107374,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ジンオウガ,"This game is one of the best releases of the year, no joke. The art's gorgeous, the music is great, sound design is on point, the story's well-paced and engaging with its interesting characters and gritty conflicts all tied together by the mechanic of keeping Jill above the poverty line by earning a select amount of money per week in order to afford bills. Buy this game, grab a blanket and a drink and soak in this masterpiece."
76561198055051968,Recommended,447530,23816834,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Psychedelic,"The best decision I made was buying that one poster instead of saving up for rent, now I'm homeless in a crime ridden city :')"
,Recommended,447530,24248635,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[SWS!] the infant killer,"you know those ads some game that make people &quot♥♥♥♥♥5 times in less than 2 minutes""i think i just found that game"
,Recommended,447530,24174080,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,stingray,"It's got great music, characters, and atmosphere but it gets a little memey sometimesget it"
,Recommended,447530,30074032,Posted: 20 February,all,alienfood,*gunshots and car explosions*i shleep(ᴗ _ ᴗ )*big tiddy anime things talking all the ♥♥♥♥ing time*i shleep(ᴗ _ ᴗ )*ok/10 ~cyberpunk~ synthwave music playing*i shleep(ᴗ _ ᴗ )ｎｉｇｇａ THEY GOT A TALKING DOG IN A HAWAIIAN SHIRTREAL SH*T?(@ _ @ )
,Recommended,447530,26480367,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Steven.FaNNaF,10/10 will bartend again
,Recommended,447530,25958814,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,茶々,The story is ok but the theme is great. The music and aesthetic are also nice..Buy when it's on sale.
,Recommended,447530,32688319,Posted: 23 June,all,heavierthanlife,Dorothy is so adorable
,Recommended,447530,29190129,Posted: 11 January,all,Gutter Trash,Good doggos in this game.
,Recommended,447530,32868244,Posted: 27 June,all,Daidoko,A nice waifu sim
,Recommended,447530,27868490,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Det. | 甲華学装队,MUH WAIFU BARTENDING
,Recommended,447530,24711767,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Rail,10/10
76561198054110887,Recommended,447530,28797597,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"Johnny, the Obeah Man","I just completed this game yesterday, so I feel it is necessary that I write a review before I play it again.VA-11 Hall-A is a visual novel with very little gameplay.It is incredibly charming, it has a very well-made atmosphere, and it grips the player and never lets go.Not once in those 12 hours did I feel like saying ""No, I've played enough for now.""Every evening for the last 4 days, I've sat down, mixed drinks and changed lives.But to bare-bones it, the game's objective is to mix drinks and listen to people's stories while keeping the protagonist afloat in the ocean of bills and payments.This is a wonderful game, and I can only recommend it. For all that's worth, this is my indie game of the year."
76561197974119840,Recommended,447530,24227615,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NuclearPony,A great visual novel with intriguing characters. Not a whole lot eventful happens but its an amazing example of a character study story.Highly recommend.
76561198021099593,Recommended,447530,30170700,Posted: 25 February,all,azgocazo,Time to mix drinks and change lives.
76561198078885706,Recommended,447530,23849520,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wolktar,Stelle best grill10/10
,Recommended,447530,25671215,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,"Dear Jill Stingray,I enjoyed time I've spent in your bar. Even more than with Turing from Read Only Memories. The stories you witnessed were really nice and relaxing for evening reading. Whole VA-11 Hall-A place was comfy and warm.  With many charming and interesting people *some of them were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s too though*. I wish you could tell me more behind the closing credits. How did you feel later? And what about others? I cannot say I am ruined by not having answers but its not nice to leave like that!I wish I could be more of a help to you. Rather than just being an observer and bar helper in drink mixing. Seems like I cannot have everything. Anyway you are working in a great place. It was pleasure to come by after hard day. I can admit that to everyone.  I am little jelous because you have it good. Especially with your boss Dana and all others, including Lilim (humanoid machines). Ahh and your music taste, isn't bad but half of it wasn't really that good for drinking mood. *Soory*Alright I've to end this letter. I hope we will meet again someday. Anyway have fun in bartending business. I am simply glad that I could hear part of your story you know? It was nice. Watching you helping people with many diffrent problems. Hearing from them how happy they are, after your comforting words.Your life is great and never doubt that remember."
,Recommended,447530,23836192,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hase,"first of all, this game is about sitting down, relax and enjoy your 2nd lifeso please don't be fooled by those: ""boring gameplay"" review. this is not bartender simulatorsome people just never read the goddam-n description.sh!t get serious faster than i thought and this game is deep af  8/10+deep and really down on Earth+interesting characters+funny-not for everyone-making drinks can be repetitive-endings are not satisfying-once you unlock all endings, no reason to re-play-start NG+ the 3rd time is just not worth it**would like a DLC: afterstory, let Jill be in relationship with other characters. (Jill x Dorothy) Kreygasm"
,Recommended,447530,23697771,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Powell,Upvoted
,Recommended,447530,24060649,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,yohane,"It's been quite a while since I enjoyed a game so much as this one, I couldn't put it down until I played it once, and then again until I got all achievements.It's a lovely game, with very good characters.UIOP"
,Recommended,447530,23871254,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,pepsuchan,10/10 its okaywhen is the sega saturn port coming
,Recommended,447530,29751700,Posted: 6 February,all,TheDeluxeTux,The soundtrack fits this game so well it's almost like they made a good soundtrack and then designed an experience around it.
,Recommended,447530,33432679,Posted: 10 July,all,Killy,Cracking open a cold one with the boys: the game
,Recommended,447530,31279508,Posted: 21 April,all,Hoshi,"Amazing game, really well done overall. I love it, great for unwinding after work."
76561198084438602,Recommended,447530,24272003,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Miggles,this game made realize im gay for another dude while crying 10/10
,Recommended,447530,23821084,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,WeedZard,this is the only game that made my OverWatch account lonly now
,Recommended,447530,28106704,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Christoph,"Va11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a very good game set in the year 207X and based around a dystopian future. In this game you are a bartender in a normal bar. Your clients range from talking dogs , to suspicious detectives and robots that have human emotions. There are multiple endings to this game , and each has a different way of getting to them.The Pros and Cons of this game are:Pros:Great Soundtrack , quite relaxing at times.Casual gameplay.Interesting story.Great character development.Even thought it's very pixelated , nice art style.Quite funny.I am going to go out on a limb and say most computers can run this.No annoying anime archetypes , contrary to what the art style suggests , the characters all have very unique personalities that sort of pull you in.Cons:Kind of short , but if you only play the game once there are a lot of achievments still remaining , so you can play it again and get different dialogue.Gets slightly repetivive if you play it all at once like I did , although it probably wasnt the best idea now that I think about it.All in all very gripping , If you're unsure about this game just buy it. This was my first 'visual novel' i've really played and i'm definetely satisfied with my purchase. It compels me to spend more money on these types of games. I'm satisfied with what I've spent money on , at the end of the day that's all that matters when you buy a game."
76561198030698200,Recommended,447530,30342616,Posted: 5 March,all,『     』,"I'm very snobby on what Visual novel's I like even though I have played alot and this is almost not like a VN but is a VN at the same time, Probably my favorite VN out of my time playing them over all"
,Recommended,447530,28897177,Posted: 1 January,all,JagdCrab,10 / 10 would get android hooker drunk again.
,Recommended,447530,34072675,Posted: 6 August,all,🔫,u mak waifu drnk and then waifu hap whc mak me hap c:
,Recommended,447530,27029254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,＋  ＝  －  Ｋ,"A bit of Lisa, Yume Nikki, some Undertale, and a lot of ROM and YIIK"
,Recommended,447530,29264800,Posted: 14 January,all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"Really interesting game revolving around the characters one meets when you work in a backalley bar. The setting is an interesting clash of 80s cyberpunk mixed with the modern internet culture, anime culture, with differing social norms. Things that are still taboo here might not be considered as such in this world, and so on. And like any good fiction revolving a bar, the interesting part of it is always the stories of how someone ended up in a place like this. Some of which will inevitably start criss crossing with world news, and perhaps even with the weird things happening to the protagonist.If your looking for a chill, interesting, and legitimately funny experience, I'd highly recommend this."
76561198039590842,Recommended,447530,29264786,Posted: 14 January,all,shoop_2_u,"I like the sound track, art, a personalities that I encounter in the bar."
76561198088369571,Recommended,447530,26466493,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,EliteYinYang,Perfect game for relaxing and absorbing a brilliantly crafted atmosphere! 10/10 Highly enjoyable
,Recommended,447530,26327378,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DlanorKnox,"This is a REALLY REALLY good game! I enjoyed it! The characters are interesting and diverse. The storyline is kind of linear but it's still interesting and you feel like you know the characters, the game really succeeds in making you feel like you're talking to real people. The personalities, designes, everything. Oh, and the MUSIC IS JUST.... OMG. I really liked osts in this game."
,Recommended,447530,26341000,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Guesswhoo-66,"This game is seriously amazing, one of the best I've ever played. The characters are wonderfully written, and it does a wonderful job of sucking you into the world. Seriously, get this game."
,Recommended,447530,30061697,Posted: 20 February,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad",It's like Venezula but with more yuri and less cat girls
,Recommended,447530,30085841,Posted: 21 February,all,seo,Just buy it.
76561198203034803,Recommended,447530,32346474,Posted: 11 June,all,Danoah,"Do it for the corgis, thou shall not regret."
,Recommended,447530,30396637,Posted: 8 March,all,s o m n o l e n c e,"One of the most enveloping stories I have ever experienced in any game title.Honestly a must-buy, even for the full price of £10.99. (But hey, even better if it's on sale!)also tiddy hacker is best waifu. 10/10."
,Recommended,447530,23702507,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,100% GAY,"Chill, no real life girl zone (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ"
,Recommended,447530,25499747,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,eve | ロリタ,anna best girl
,Recommended,447530,34646314,Posted: 31 August,all,Холер,Good game
76561198043641697,Recommended,447530,34571734,Posted: 29 August,all,Val Kill More,"Honestly, if you think you're the type of person to like this game, you probably are."
,Recommended,447530,28753384,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Guilty Complex,There is a dog wearing sunglasses and a hawaiian shirt and that is all you really need to know.
76561198104494740,Recommended,447530,25589564,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Spooky Midnight,"Great story,cool characters,and awsome drinks."
,Recommended,447530,24927867,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Neva Masquerade,What's better than being a flat lesbian bartender who talking about explicit puns with her customer?
,Recommended,447530,29284106,Posted: 15 January,all,Char,Nice done and be safe! I love boss!
,Recommended,447530,24307710,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,snuggle,im drunk
,Recommended,447530,29832259,Posted: 10 February,all,Priap4,The coziest game i've ever played.
,Recommended,447530,34769372,Posted: 5 September,all,SailoredDrunk,Passed out drunk while playing this game at least a half a dozen times. Perfection.
76561198045635985,Recommended,447530,34604449,Posted: 30 August,all,Dr. Machete,"Short version:If you like games with lovable characters and don't mind something dialogue-heavy. Get it. I'd definately say it's worth the price, game has a lot of charm and is absolutely full of entertaining little details. Just don't expect the actual gameplay itself to be all that intensive, 90% of the experience is the story. Also, it's got great music.Longer version:I think it's a pretty unique take on cyberpunk story-telling. All of the characters you meet have their own personal story to tell and are pretty unique in their own ways. You're also not in any form of giant important plot either, you experience the world through the eyes of who would be some random side-character in any other game or movie - just a regular bartender with her own stories and listening to the stories of others who come into the bar. The music is absolutely fantastic and the fact you set the tracks you want into the jukebox each day, or that you can just listen to any of the songs while in Jill's room via the phone makes it all the better as you can pick and choose your favourites to listen to. Art-style is also a pretty big plus, an old retro-inspired look with great looking character sprites - each one looks entirely unique from the others, and with several expressions. The story's got a lot going for it, the characters are lovable and unique in their own way with different personalities, stories to tell, lifestyles, and even different favourite drinks or flavours. The dialogue's pretty varied, from absurd and comedic to sad moments full of feels. Ontop of that, it's got some unique commentary, but from a more neutral-standpoint, a regular cyberpunk citizen rather than some great action hero trying to oppose a fascist regime. All that being said though, the gameplay isn't all too intense, it's a simple drink-mixing mechanic. The gameplay does however, play into the story. Unlike most visual-novels, you don't get dialogue choices to determine what ending you get. The story progresses based on what drinks you serve, since you don't have to give someone the drink they ordered. If someone says a certain drink cheers them up when they're down, and they turn up one day looking depressed, try to remember what it was they said previously and maybe give them their favourite drink rather than what they actually asked you for, and that will influence the story and dialogue. Characters might have entirely different dialogue if you get them absolutely drunk too.All in all: If you like games with a nice story and dialogue, lovable characters, good music, and don't mind too much on the simplistic gameplay. Go grab it, especially if it's on sale."
76561198041138252,Recommended,447530,26592532,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Puzzlemaster34,"I liked it alot, dispite getting the bad ending first time through. The story was good and i completely lost the passage of time while playing. i also liked how the game used what words and stuff it wanted, and the fact that we have the 4th-wall-breaking Anna near the end. I also felt i could relate to Jill (the main gal) in several ways except for some things. Also, this game kinda reminded me of Undertale a bit do to reasons. Overall, I'd give about a 8 to 9 out 10 stars-ish rating."
76561197995936089,Recommended,447530,23885162,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Fin,leave it open just for jill's music player
,Recommended,447530,35103876,Posted: 21 September,all,Timidity,"I don't really like Visual Novels (like, at all), but I'll make an exception for this one. The entire ""game"" had me glued to my seat until the end. I'll be doing another... uhh, ""playthrough"" soon just to see the other endings.It's a nice little story you can read through when you've got nothing to do. If you're going in expecting some deep gameplay mechanics, you're probably gonna be disappointed, but that should've been obvious already. The bartending thing adds a nice little twist to the usual ""choose-your-own-adventure book"" thing that VNs usually have (not that I would know, this is pretty much the only one I've actually ""played"").My favorite thing about the game is how you don't actually need to give people the drinks they ordered. I won't spoil anything, but giving people certain drinks can have different effects on the story/endings or just the amount of exposition you'll get out of them in general. I'm pretty sure I've gotten some people unintentionally drunk too (there are obvious visual cues), which lead to some amusing dialogue. I would highly suggest against reading a guide because in my opinion, it'll ruin most of the experience (at the very least go through it blind for the first playthrough). It adds quite a bit of replayability, which is pretty surprising considering the kind of game this is.As for the soundtrack, it's amazing. I guess I'm a bit biased because I'm a huge fan of cyberpunk and synthwave, but really, the soundtrack is just great. Even better that you can customize the jukebox every time you start your shift.Overall, I would totally recommend VA-11 HALL-A. If you still feel like it won't be worth your money, pick it up when it's on sale. The devs did a good job, they deserve the support! :)"
,Recommended,447530,33038480,Posted: 30 June,all,xWeak,Time to mix drinks and change lives.
,Recommended,447530,33241712,Posted: 4 July,all,S0m30n309,"👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥♥For real though, best 10 euros I spent in a game in a long time though. Kinda short though."
,Recommended,447530,25251355,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pomf,"Despite being a massive weeb, I normally don't like or play many VNs, but I was able to play through and enjoyed VA-11 Hall-A.I think it is the fairly well done cyberpunk theme, great artstyle, pretty great music, and of course cute waifu that helped me get through the game and enjoy it. Also, the mixing mini-game, although extremely simple, really helps the pacing as far as breaking up the reading.In addition, the dialogue is fairly good and very amusing at times. The characters are all very different from each other and, although rare for me, I found even the male characters very interesting (Gil, Jamie, Art, and Virgilio were all very well done and amusing).I actually found myself wanting to spend more time with and wishing to get to know the characters more after finishing my first playthrough (with the good ending + best girl ending[Dorothy]). Which, to be fair, with full disclosure, having a literal loli sexbot character really probably made me extremely biased towards favoring this game...still...tl;dr = Even if you don't normally like VNs but like Cyberpunk theme, definitely give this game a try! The simple but neat little mini-game with drink mixing really helps you get through the walls of texts associated with VNs.Edit: Additional important point that I just realized: The fact that you play as a bartender and that getting know your clients and what drinks they like is a really powerful setup in as far as making it important to actually read and pay attention to the dialogue rather than just be bored or skip through stuff you normally wouldn't read. This is really a byproduct of the whole bartender relationship to clients (applies IRL too) rather than the devs being ""genius"", but at least (AFAIK) this is the first VN do take this route, and given how effective it is, I hope other VN teams take note and try it out with their own versions, themes, and characters."
,Recommended,447530,23704288,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Danillo Lange,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing game!The cyberpunk vibe and OST are awesome, beaultiful pixelart and interesting dialogue make this game totally worth it, give it a try!"
,Recommended,447530,29927918,Posted: 14 February,all,3DCats,I like it
76561198325731030,Recommended,447530,29930038,Posted: 14 February,all,WickedSoul,"I like the writing, the music and the characters. This is a game I would recommended to people."
,Recommended,447530,30913793,Posted: 2 April,all,Your Local Anti-Christ,GOOD GOOD VERY GOODMAKES ME FEEL GOODSAD SOMETIMESSTILL GOOD
76561198066627843,Recommended,447530,26497675,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Monster_SCAG,"Nice setting,great art,brilliant music,perfectly slow paced story,and most inportant,lovely ladies."
,Not Recommended,447530,33346029,Posted: 7 July,all,Ürh,"I dunno. Maybe graphic novels aren't my thing (although I have enjoyed others in the past), but this game bored me more than anything. Yes, it's got a nice aesthetic, yes, it has a great soundtrack, but for me this game falls short in the most important department for games of this genre - the writing. Conversations just seem to drone on incessantly - what could be said in a couple of sentences is torturously dragged out over multiple paragraphs, and these conversations just didn't interest me in the slightest. I'm convinced the drink mixing mechanic was put in place purely to keep players awake - I'll admit that I actually did find myself nodding off on more than one occasion, that's how much this game bored me."
,Recommended,447530,24669628,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,wrin,Cyber Waifu Bar
76561198066857288,Recommended,447530,32011308,Posted: 27 May,all,Cake,"I've slowly been working through this game recently and I sincerely enjoy the plot and just really the whole feel of the game. It's in the sweet spot where it's slightly more active than your average visual novel, but still allows the player to relax and just enjoy the ride. Unlike most VNs, I don't find myself getting bored of reading and clicking due to the drink making and other mechanics."
,Recommended,447530,32001768,Posted: 27 May,all,ca_jas,"I bought this game just based on the art-style alone and I was so happy that the game was exactly what I was looking for. I had been wanting a chill game to play at night before I went to sleep and this was perfect. Love all the characters that came in and really had a good time with them, haha."
,Recommended,447530,23980400,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nezzly,Jill feels to much like me if i were a female....10/10
76561198091272799,Recommended,447530,29598420,Posted: 30 January,all,JudyHops,"VA-11 Hall - A is probably the best visual novel i have ever played so here is a little review i wanted to write for a while now.Visual Style: 10/10 It design its pretty amazing,OST: 10/10 It's probably my new favorite ost on games right nowStory: 9/10 It's really good and has some really interesting ideas about how the future can be and actions actually mean something in this game however it can get quite tiring if you play a lot.Controls and difficulty: It doesn't have any other control than click and difficulty its none since you only have to focus on drinks and enjoy a storyAnd finnally my overall enjoyment i give it a 9.5/10"
76561198045678406,Recommended,447530,29197229,Posted: 11 January,all,Caesar,I may be deeply in love with Alma
76561198068901553,Recommended,447530,33251503,Posted: 4 July,all,VAU,Dogs.Talking dogs.10/10¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,447530,29100478,Posted: 7 January,all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"I really enjoyed this game. I thought it was clever, funny and an intuitive way of making a visual novel by adding the bartender portion.I also was happy with how they discussed mature issues that exist today, whether they be existentialism, technology, morality, sexuality and government bending their knee to corporations.But more importantly, it's about Jill, who is the character you play, and her complicated life. You'll care about her and root for her.It's extremely well-written, so kudos to the writer.If you ever wanted to make drinks and change lives, then this is your game!edit: I forgot to add that the real life memes and whatnot are cleverly put in and I never rolled my eyes once. Thank you, Seinfeld."
,Recommended,447530,24228550,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Pudding Please,"8/10 smug ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s would recommend this game, but they are too busy being smug ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,447530,24385884,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Weenie Peenie,ye - 10/10
,Recommended,447530,23694299,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Maddy Caddy!,Help save Venezuelan weaboos.  They make good video games.
76561198129696831,Recommended,447530,24072248,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,"Le,Quackers",One name....Stella
76561197993758454,Recommended,447530,24121457,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Limitlesslife,"I'm a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and this is worth the money. Excellent art, writing, and music and a fun, simple mechanic."
,Recommended,447530,24188159,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tew,"There is something about this visual novel that just wins me over immediately. You're a bartender. That's it. You don't get involved in a heavy plot, you don't get heavily involved in other people's lives, you just go to work day after day and talk to your clients for about five minutes at a time. Sure if they go missing for a while or are sad you wish you could help, but all you can do is serve drinks. And there is something about a game that's so simple and yet the world is so fleshed out that you need to piece together through snippets you get from news articles and conversations you have that is so goddamn clever. The writing and art are excellent and the personalities and characters you meet are varied and always interesting. I honestly love it and it's one of my all-time favourite games. Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,447530,24696733,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Red,Anime was a mistake.
,Recommended,447530,31054364,Posted: 9 April,all,reji,is good and relaxing and god-tier soundtrack
,Recommended,447530,24405639,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Anzei Kazumi,"Hehe... hehe... bad... heheheheheheOh wait...yeah...a review...Give me a Bad heheheheheheheWait....Give me... A b-hahahahaAlright, I'll try this time...hehe...Give me a Bad Touch"
,Recommended,447530,24986857,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KissShotAcerolaOrionHeartUnder,"I have finish this game with a bit of help from the guides section so hear me out.1.This game have very nice girls.2.This game have sexy girls.3.This game have LEWD loli.4.This game support yuri.5.This game is very adult oriented but in terms of language.6.This game have 'Rad Shiba'7.This game have amazing soundtrack.8.This game have story progression.9.This game is very good looking.10.This game have Anna Graem.11.This game have Gillian Applegate, John, F**kboy, Robert and some more.WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT DOROTHY ALONE MAKE THIS GAME 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,28081005,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,roar,this is a game about serving people drinksmight be the best game i've played this year
,Recommended,447530,23847608,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ronnie Filyaw,"Do you like a cyberpunk setting? Do you like yuri? Do you like reading a lot? If the answer to all 3 questions is yes, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,447530,28674782,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lil ugly maid,very good please buy
76561197964863427,Recommended,447530,26472035,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kamamura,"What a pleasant surprise. Though this is not really a game, because it does not provide much in terms of decisions, problem solving or challenge, it may very well be an interesting equivalent of an e-book, which is often so much more than being a mediocre game.Focused design really pays off here, the game excels in what it tries to do - to provide immersion, interesting setting, atmosphere and well-written story and characters. You really do feel like being a bartender, you listen to people's stories, occassionally mixing a drink, and you find out really caring about those who frequent your bar, always eager to know what will happen next. There is probably not a reason to replay this, but honestly, how many books do you read twice?I hope we will see more games in the same style from this undoubtedly talented dev team."
76561198079127799,Recommended,447530,26470766,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jarmy,"This game is simply amazing. It brings together simplistic and fun gameplay with an amazing storyline. The thing that really captures your attention is the characters. They display emotions depending on what happened, and they actually feel genuine. I highly recommend this game for anyone that loves visual novels / story games."
,Recommended,447530,33211051,Posted: 3 July,all,Part-TimeNecromancer,"Do yourself a favor, alright?Buy this game.Get some bar food, maybe something to drink if you want.Get comfortable.Play this game.Thank me later."
,Recommended,447530,25897047,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bloom,Lesbian bartending story.10/10
,Recommended,447530,28656873,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,☆ YAEKIDA ☆,CYBORG CATGIRLS MY MANS
76561197984814196,Recommended,447530,24063981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Azrall,Absolutely amazing.A great game to chill out and drink too!
,Recommended,447530,26568568,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Faceless King,"""Time to mix drinks and change lifes.""This game is something special. While being a visual novel at it's core, it's something special. It has this special atmosphere. The characters, the gameplay elements, the story that makes it way more than a visual novel. It touched that special place in my heart where I really feel something for all the characters and their stories.The game made me cry. The game made me laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off right near the end and I left the game with a smile.The game is ca. 10 hours long, which is a nice length for these kinda games. Not too much, Not too few.I personally give this game a 98/100If you're a fan of visual novels or deep and interesting story lines in general, give it a try and let glitch cities atmosphere get down to you."
,Recommended,447530,29470317,Posted: 24 January,all,[SRCX] Erdnussknacker,"I bought this Visual Novel without knowing anything about it and it absolutely exceeded my expectations with fantastic characters, great writing/design and an interesting overall story.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,447530,24788514,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Raz,do you like papers please?do you like robot sex workers?do you like anime?if you said yes to any of these things then you should get va-11 hall-aSimple and charming game 10/10
,Recommended,447530,23722906,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Archer_Est,10/10 play it
,Not Recommended,447530,26465307,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Denyal,Don't bother.
,Recommended,447530,23687037,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DaveNee,This game goes well on the ROCKS and it can last for AGES! :D
,Recommended,447530,30607582,Posted: 18 March,all,Tree,awesome soundtracks xD
,Recommended,447530,26812678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xeo,"Waifu Bartending, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,447530,27376439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,basicguitar,"this game is ♥♥♥♥in great dude10/10 would get my patrons drunk again[In all seriousness: Incredible writing, tons of references (or memes) with nice, relaxing gameplay that's still a ton of fun. Amazing ost to boot.]"
,Recommended,447530,30930376,Posted: 3 April,all,Spookyfungus,yeah it's ok
,Recommended,447530,24433578,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FIREARMS UNITED,"Whoever made clearly is from the internets, A real ♥♥♥♥♥♥. This game is so full of hidden jokes and references that you'll feel  like being ported back to the old xChan times."
,Recommended,447530,24438584,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Pseudo weeb,I actually spent my animu time playing weeb games like these.and actually enjoyed it.nuff said.
76561198134757692,Recommended,447530,29253039,Posted: 14 January,all,Shenaniganizer,"I bought this game because of the appeal of ""serving drinks and changing lives""I expected the game to actually involve that, and it did.I didn't expect this game to also make me want to drink a bit and reflect on my life. Nor did i expect to serve a drink to a talking dog with an eyepatch.10/10"
76561198033382445,Recommended,447530,30024417,Posted: 18 February,all,Novalex,Just grab some snack and drink and play it. NOW!All hail the Ballad of the Gay Ghost!
,Recommended,447530,29346012,Posted: 18 January,all,Rabbit,very charming game
,Recommended,447530,28496163,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,"quickly became my favorite visual novel! and i've been through a lot. if you pay special attention to the dialogue (or get the clients really drunk) and take some risks with what you give customers you're rewarded with extra scenes for some characters. i've yet to truly experiment with what other changes happen to the game depending on what drinks you give to who, so no comment on how much replay value actually exists."
,Recommended,447530,32840841,Posted: 26 June,all,JazzCat,Good
,Recommended,447530,28993068,Posted: 3 January,all,Haru,"I finished the game. I feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥now, it was such a good game and I'll never be able to experience that the same way again. Great game."
76561198086271744,Recommended,447530,33008374,Posted: 29 June,all,anabela1992,Best visual novel ever :)
,Recommended,447530,26948342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hatsuna,"A+ Waifu BartendingInstead of a simplistic good or bad/black or white morality system, Va-11 Hall-A uses how good you are as a bartender to dictate how characters interact with you.It uses this to take on an interesting angle where futurism and normal life intersect, redefining normalcy and how regular people view and live their lives."
,Recommended,447530,29280906,Posted: 15 January,all,some negroid,good game
,Recommended,447530,25166139,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ZombRox,"This game has an amazing atmosphere, thanks to the music and to the artstyle.The characters are interesting and the story is ""simple"" but important, since the whole setting is based on VA-11 HALL-A's developers experiences of living in a third world country it has a ""real"" touch in it that I really appreciate."
,Recommended,447530,24348086,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Liquid Mantis,"Honestly, i'm not even a weeb and i like this game."
,Recommended,447530,24350573,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Cyberoam: Securing You,I need my fix. Sequel or DLC PLEEEEASE.
,Recommended,447530,29158478,Posted: 10 January,all,Styxiedust,"Bartending slice of life visual novel set in a dystopian future that pulls from Akira, Blade Runner and Robocop. If that doesn't sell you I doubt any other reviews will.Also I want Alma to break my bones."
76561198093524758,Recommended,447530,28923491,Posted: 1 January,all,TheDukeOfSpook,Buy it.
76561197960500777,Recommended,447530,31671022,Posted: 10 May,all,Mondoki,I'm going to marry Alma!
,Recommended,447530,30382894,Posted: 7 March,all,Weaponized feminism.,"This game has, no kidding, a mother♥♥♥♥ing robo-lolicon ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... GOTY"
,Recommended,447530,26479882,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,LaFoztaine,COMFIEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,447530,27404926,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Luluco,QT's and relatable characters what more could you want.
,Recommended,447530,29595415,Posted: 30 January,all,Alien Rope Burn,"This is a visual novel. Finished it once and got the ""bad"" ending.This is, once again, a visual novel. I mention that because I see a lot of confusion about that this is, and to be fair, the description isn't clear. So don't be shocked that it's mostly just reading a story like many seem to have been before you. The gameplay is light, to say the least. Your main area of interaction is what drinks you mix for folks, and even so, the right answer is only unclear maybe a third or fourth of the time. The other point of interaction is just in how your character spends their money, which can affect our bartender's performance and shift towards a different ending.The main point of a visual novel rarely lies in the interaction so much as the writing, of course, and VA-11 is consistently clever in that regard. Mostly a cyberpunk dramedy, various story threads unfold around the bar and its visitors. Some customers are more engaging than others, and the game focuses mostly around a core cast of (uncoincidentally attractive) women. For the most part, the storytelling is fairly strong but not going for anything profound - though there are hints of a massive cyberpunk conspiracy plot happening off-screen, they're largely irrelevant. That being said, I largely found the cast charming. Hay has already been raised over the underage robot sex worker, who I immediately found offputting but by the end the game I felt she had been developed enough that I no longer cared that much.Part of the reason for that is that it's very much a game that's ""come for the pretty animes, stay for the compelling personal drama"". It's almost a bait-and-switch in a way, where it was generally more mature than I expected and it generally didn't try to titillate or objectify its cast, but at the same time it knows its target audience well enough to bait its hook and then hopefully impress them. And for the most part, that's where I found myself. The world is engaging without boring you in too much lore, giving you glimpses and trivia but never resorting to the sort of exposition vomit too many visual novels fall into. It doesn't have full branches, but does have side trips here and there based on your drink-selecting actions.More a bit of a downer is in the interface and controls, which while obviously designed to be retro, suffered in some respects. I understand the designers wanted you to be methodical about mixing drinks to give you time to think and consider, at the same time some drinks can take 10-20 clicks to complete, and it's too much, even when it becomes rote. At the very least, instead of clicking and dragging each little ounce of chemicals to make a drink, let players set the amount, then drag it over. The font also didn't help when my eyes were more tired. Also, kill ellipses, Sukeban. Let your character's expressions work for that. You have the technology.That being said, it was a solid and heartwarming little game as long as you know you're mostly just along for the ride. It's actually pretty surprising that the writing is so strong for a first commercial release, and I'm looking to see what Sukeban Games does next.  Unlike a lot of visual novels that seem to be paid by the word, this one is short enough (it took me ~10 hours) that it doesn't manage to wear out its welcome like many others do for me. It's not going to be for everybody, but I'm glad I gave it my time."
,Recommended,447530,32070317,Posted: 30 May,all,localghost,"Probably the best sci-fi experience I've had in the last 10 years, even if the drink mixing bit can be boring."
,Recommended,447530,32108103,Posted: 1 June,all,echo,yes
,Recommended,447530,29512054,Posted: 26 January,all,shiloh,IF YOU DON'T THINK ALMA IS THE BEST GRIL YOU HAVE♥♥♥♥♥♥TASTE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.>>get out normie
76561198054898355,Recommended,447530,33525019,Posted: 13 July,all,Misa Moki,"If you are in to the interactive visual novel style of game, I definitely recommend this game! I saw the trailer a bit before it first came out and I instinctively knew I wanted to try and would love this game. The music is relaxing and the story is complex and intriguing. The fun part is that you do not make dialog choices yourself (Although you do speak) but the conversation can change depending on the drinks you make, playing to the characters tastes. All the characters have unique personalities. Some stand out more than others, and some are more annoying than others, but it's what makes the game enjoyable. I truly loved the story, and would love to see more! I will be playing through it again soon."
,Recommended,447530,33508898,Posted: 13 July,all,Radical,"Has many waifus to choose from, the raddest of pups, and chill♥♥♥♥♥music. 11/10 game."
76561198056735635,Recommended,447530,33501132,Posted: 13 July,all,daimenblack,There is only one thing you need to know about VA-11 Hall-A; VA-11 Hall-A is the 2016 Visual Novel of the YearPeriod.The second thing you COULD know about VA-11 Hall-A is that it did NOT win 2016 Visual Novel of the Year in the alternate timeline where Moonstone did NOT delay Princess Evangile: with Happiness and released it DEC '16 as orignally scheduled.Ruri is best girl.
76561198260763370,Recommended,447530,33513527,Posted: 13 July,all,Fried Squid,"Grab some snacks, kick back and enjoy. 10/10 would rad shiba again"
,Recommended,447530,33506720,Posted: 13 July,all,Schutzstaffel,"lots of waifus. Like it, love it10/10 will ""mix drinks and change lives"" again"
,Recommended,447530,26484456,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Nighthawk,Cyberpunk...waifu...bartending.2016 GOTY
76561198126748904,Recommended,447530,33468468,Posted: 11 July,all,mo money,Its lit af
,Recommended,447530,33313811,Posted: 6 July,all,Çüsnü Hoban,do I have to say something?
,Recommended,447530,24358269,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,CukyDoh,"Really fun game, nice art style, fun characters with distinct personalities and ridiculously amazing music. :)"
76561198272005613,Recommended,447530,28012192,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SaltySalamander,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, i got addicted so fast. its one of favorite games of all time"
76561198039461806,Recommended,447530,29735579,Posted: 5 February,all,SGT Sean,"Warning! This game may cause you too start going too bars and wanting too become a bartender. After playing this game I found myself severely craving alcohol and friendship. The game is essentially a glorified visual novel, with mixing drinks instead of any choices. Sometimes you can choose wrong drinks too cause different events, but they are minimal and the game doesn't really signpost any of them. Though it could use a bit more interactivity I would say that the game is a joy too play without it. The cast is fun, the story woven into the diologue is intersting and the setting is just great. I reccomend this too anyone craving alcohol or friendship."
,Recommended,447530,33127118,Posted: 2 July,all,Tixerp | noyl-comic.tumblr.com,yup. its waifus
,Recommended,447530,28926815,Posted: 1 January,all,Menirz,Time to mix drinks and change lives!   10/10
,Recommended,447530,26469009,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,UltimaQuazar,"It has been a long while since I've been this entralled with a Visual Novel.I really think this game has been forged with the heart of the crew and is something everyone should check out.The visuals are awesome and the stylized graphics warm my soul.That being said the music is AMAZING, it keeps me focused and in sync with the game.The one thing I can say that may fall into the 'con' category, is that the actual drink making may become stale later on.At the moment though it hasn't.So far 10/10 would recommend!*will update upon completion"
76561198256986390,Recommended,447530,25233083,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,reusyin,Amazing game! But the story is kinda short though. Looking forward to a sequal *_*
,Recommended,447530,24731377,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I recommend this video game.
,Recommended,447530,33740051,Posted: 23 July,all,Spadio,Can confirm: game is good.
,Recommended,447530,34052261,Posted: 5 August,all,TheNorthernKing,"Worth it, sadly I had to refund since another game I wanted was on sale, planning on buying this again because it's real fun."
,Recommended,447530,28069747,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,a generous backer,i bless this game
,Recommended,447530,28935313,Posted: 2 January,all,Eviber,"The game that made me spell ""vallhalla"" correctly.... wait."
76561198064264057,Recommended,447530,32751649,Posted: 24 June,all,Matt,"VA-11 Hall-A, named after the shlummy but well loved bar it takes place in, has cyberpunk and bartenders, but not a lot of action. It doesn't need it. Like many of the best games of the genre, the pace you're allowed to play it at (leisurely) is part of what makes it such an intimate experience. There's no time limit on how long you spend on a drink, so you don't feel punished for not rushing. Likewise, you have a shocking amount of *autonomy* - a theme that spells heartbreak later - when you pick how to design your appartment, and choose which songs you want on the Jukebox during work. It's the little things in life, as in this game, your little play-house window.The other draw, characters, loving, loved, hating or hated, are sidelined in a mega city where corporations have way too much power and resources, the logical conclusion of unchallenged capitalism and the working premise of cybepunk in general. They all come to the bar to wind down and discuss the actual happenings of the world: relationships, the bank robberies, the pop shows, any baggage that happens to be on their mind. You feel like a side-character in a larger narrative, which is a refreshing change of pace from games telling us we'll all be great heroes. It's more like ""Cyberpunk Therapist Action Sim,"" the secret euphamism for bartenders. In between shifts, the lead winds down at home, her cheap appartment, just like in real life, where she reads the news, comments dryly on it with her 'talking cat' and indulges in an irresponsible gift. There's a thoughtful and humorous extrapolation on sex-androids too, a sober reaction from anime's lack of realistic engagement with women in general.Rather than making ""choices"" like a traditional visual novel or adventure game, you make mixes. This is fairly linear anyway, and won't teach you much about making cocktails in real life, but depending on how much alcohol you throw in, or how you read the character, you can change their reaction. One memorable exchange (because it was easy) involved a biker, like the boy from the Akira box, who is clearly uncomfortable with his macho front. He asks for the most macho drink, but reading between the lines, you give him the sweet one. He confesses he's gay later. This is one of the only non-obvious foward story paths I followed, if my gray achievements are any indication. (Though there are a couple moments where you have choices.) Too bad I'm not too inclined to immediately play through again.The pacing, a good part, is also the worst. It can be slow, it can be boring. VA-11's colors don't help - a low lit brown and black with some neons thrown in for good measure. The 90s cyberpunk with retro anime design and PC-98 feel, though undeniably novel and awesome, aren't always the most interesting. Like being stuck on a bar in a bad week, forced to pick up tab a week later. I get over this mostly because VA-11 is rough but it's familiar, warm, and multi-faceted, like the frequenters, and the bartender herself.*On a sidenote, I really want to hear some recommendations from Fernando Damas on PC-98 visual novels, if just for curiosity."
,Recommended,447530,31171223,Posted: 15 April,all,Apache Chef,"Hands down, The Best Game"
,Recommended,447530,29558698,Posted: 28 January,all,Punk Rock Princess,Worth every bolívar.
,Recommended,447530,29041260,Posted: 5 January,all,§RIBBON§,"This game. I love it. So different, so interestingSo entertainingLovable charactersGameplay is simple and yet so uniqueDialogue is just art ... every single word"
,Recommended,447530,28969459,Posted: 3 January,all,Nasty Kid,So polished. Relaxing experience. Can I say immersive? Guess I could.
,Recommended,447530,34095078,Posted: 7 August,all,Darkrow,"""Did you have fun?""A bunch, thanks a ton Sukeban."
,Recommended,447530,34080308,Posted: 7 August,all,Hootss,"With beer, this is heaven"
,Recommended,447530,28009595,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Laslo Unfidel,"I was very impressed by Va-11 Hall-A, not only because it's an indie game made out of virtually nothing, but because of it's content. While the aesthetic of the game does a great deal for it with its scanlines, early windows referances, and PC-98 themes, the mainstay of the game is still its characters. Even though the game creates for itself a world with pleanty of depth, unexplored lore, and conflicts, the game is still about its characters and their interactions rather than an overarching struggle outside of everyday life.While there is room for expansion, this game does a very good job of being self-contained, and does not need sequels or an expanded universe to satisfy me.A bit further form the point, it was good enough that I wanted to get my hands on one of the ridiculously expensive profile backgrounds for the game."
,Recommended,447530,27342307,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kat,Hands down one of the best visual novels i've ever played.
76561198084899871,Recommended,447530,30437266,Posted: 10 March,all,Pacman20091,"Welcome to VA-11 Hall-A! In this game you play as a bartender named Jill who lives in a city called: Glitch City, it's a very futuristic looking city and it even has androids called ""Lillim"" and talking floating brains. Jill spends her time working at the bar and hearing stories from her clients while also paying rent at her apartment and just living her life really.Pros:- Characters stories are told through simple yet effective dialogue while you serve them drinks, depending on if you get their order right or wrong or if you spike their drink with alcohol, you can get different dialogue from different characters.- The music is very fitting for the setting of the game (you can aslo buy it on iTunes, which is what i did because i love the soundtrack!)- Besides the characters you meet at the bar, you also get to learn about Jill through small scenes that take place outside of the bar. These scenes showcase Jill's personality and past.- The game is set up like a Visual Novel but uses a cyberpunk style to match the setting.- Once you beat the game once it unlocks new game +, you can replay the game again with all your money from the previous save and try your hand at getting all the endings or scenes you missed the first time around.Cons:- there's a specific character that suddenly shows up and only Jill can see her, this subplot never went anywhere and it just made Jill look crazy. (update: after replaying i found out that this character wasn't random at all but i still think that they shouldn't have been included in the game)"
,Recommended,447530,29025193,Posted: 4 January,all,Phoenix-san,Time to mix drinks and change lives.Welcome to Valhalla.Goty.
,Recommended,447530,26875808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Timrod,"VA-11 Hall-A is one of the few visual novels to ever really grab my attention. Unlike many Japanese-made VNs which feature walls of text and impenetrable plots, this game has a fairly easy to follow story containing absolutely no characters with ostentatious German names or a setting that only makes sense to the author.It's worth a playthrough, but don't expect much more than a standard VN would give you."
76561198006962418,Recommended,447530,23774331,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,F0ks3d,"As 26-years old who cares too much about his freedom, has no clear purpose in life and stuck with questionable job decisions, I should say this one hits too close to home."
76561198345860847,Recommended,447530,32220372,Posted: 6 June,all,CosmicKitty,yes
76561198016691217,Recommended,447530,23688926,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shozent,"Its really nice, very comfy game to just sit back, have a drink and have a bit of a chuckle atAmazing Pixel art, characters are likeable, ♥♥♥♥ING 10/10 SOUNDTRACKAlso /v/"
,Recommended,447530,32897200,Posted: 27 June,all,Corgi4zn,Get me a Bad Touch.
,Recommended,447530,29890885,Posted: 12 February,all,Natsurai,"If you're bored from Triple A games, then this will be a refreshing change of pace with lots of laughs and enjoyment to be had."
76561198081733596,Recommended,447530,30409257,Posted: 9 March,all,Tsundere Shark,"This is the type of game where you kick back, immerse yourself and completely relax.  There's no saving the world nor defeating an evil organization. You're just an ordinary bartender trying to make a living, whilst helping people get though a rough day with cocktails and booze."
,Recommended,447530,30441424,Posted: 10 March,all,MIBA,"When I got this game I really didn't know what I was getting though the more I played the more I got in to the story and the characters.VA-11 Hall-A may not be everyone's cup of tea, though I enjoyed it and I recommend it. It a great game to chill to. Now I am going to enjoy my beer. Cheers ~ MIBA"
,Recommended,447530,34448613,Posted: 23 August,all,mittyx,cyborg loli ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,447530,34621150,Posted: 30 August,all,Rogue Random,"Allows you to get people drunk, 10/10 would mix again."
,Recommended,447530,34588473,Posted: 29 August,all,ewigeek,"MOM, I WANNA BE A BARTENDER NOW!"
,Recommended,447530,34622251,Posted: 30 August,all,Questionable Ethics,Adam Jensen is in it.
,Recommended,447530,26639461,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Roxew,Weed+headphones+Beer or a glass of wine= Comfy moment af
,Recommended,447530,28785612,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Reggie,.̟g̨̗̙͎̹i͏̘͓̮v̠̝͖͈̖͈̞e͏̝̹̱̟̪̭͍ ͚̦͙al͎c̠̮ḩ̝͈̗͇̘̜o͍̫̺̦̞h̹̱̺̝̱o͟l̯̝͍̫͕̱ ͈̣̯̱gi͖v̺̭̠̺̱̰͘e̴̘̬̠͚̖͇ ̙i̛̮t̲̜̱̪̖̟̖͘ ͉t͏͙̣̮͓͈̦͔o͚̫̼ ̰̦̞̟ͅm̖̯̣̰̫ḛ̸̝̳̻̺͈̖͖͚͡i̭̹͖̻̲ ҉n͍e̱͎̭e̫̹͙̜̝͡d̤͙̯͢ ̢̯͍̠̯̭i̮̯t̯̺̖̣̠̻̣͔̜̪̮̣́͠ͅn̯̬̜̮͓͔̞e̦̳̫͈̤͠e̴d̨̺̱̦͔̜
76561198077742767,Recommended,447530,34820634,Posted: 8 September,all,Damn Fourth Chaos Emerald,Пустая трата моего времени и денег. 3/10
,Recommended,447530,34757117,Posted: 5 September,all,NagiSoi,Interesting characters 8/10
76561198065815981,Recommended,447530,30305060,Posted: 3 March,all,Arrngrim,"Overwhelmingly positive, I need not say any more."
,Recommended,447530,29199466,Posted: 12 January,all,Tsene,"A solid, well made VN. I absolutely adore the art style and comfy setting. Story and characters are mostly funny and interesting, but it has it's more serious moments. Only complaint I have is the lack of a skip button. But other than that, I'm more than happy with the purchase."
76561198032035839,Recommended,447530,30812785,Posted: 29 March,all,Jakace,"♥♥♥♥♥s good, mate."
,Recommended,447530,30129389,Posted: 23 February,all,Atlantik,GOTYAY.10/10
,Recommended,447530,30765797,Posted: 26 March,all,twitch.tv/smakker_,"If you like VN's this is a must. If you like aesthetic, this game is a must."
,Recommended,447530,25864296,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nem,A great game! Simply amazing.
,Recommended,447530,26175394,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,RCN #HellaWaveBoyz 🌊🌊🌊,if ESC worked in the menu I'd give it a 10/10.Had to click out of the window to exit it when changing to fullscreen. 9/10
76561198040361648,Recommended,447530,30402986,Posted: 8 March,all,ChieftainStag,I'm not gonna mince words here. Damn fine game. Worth every penny and every minute.
,Recommended,447530,30400671,Posted: 8 March,all,yearlyautumn,"This visual novel is really interesting and quite enjoyable. The drink serving mechanic really helps to break up the story and is your main way of affecting the story and making choices. Character-wise, there is lots of personalities with interesting and original stories of their own. Personally, I also find the art to be quite attractive with the cyber-punk theme being very true to the story.It's been a while since I played this but if you are a fan of visual novels or story in a game then definitely give this game a go, it's well worth it."
76561198119241228,Recommended,447530,30430715,Posted: 10 March,all,MistLore,"Casual storytelling game minus the stress of needing to spend too much time and effort, just sit back and immerse in the atmosphere while growing more attached to a bunch of pixelated characters"
76561198042916433,Recommended,447530,29798570,Posted: 9 February,all,GrimBonez,truly a great read. every aspect of this is amazing. loved it!
76561198044630524,Recommended,447530,29806862,Posted: 9 February,all,Oshus,Boss hires Rad Shiba because he is a rad shiba.11/10
,Recommended,447530,29920992,Posted: 14 February,all,Lord Ragnaros,"Hey wait - you, yeah you. I know what you're thinking. ""Ew, another cringy♥♥♥♥♥anime dating simulator. Next."" Now i admit I thought that too at first. I actually passed over this first time I saw it. Second time I came across it, though, I decided to give it a shot based on reviews.Yes there's lots of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥- a one-eyed cyber-catgirl, just to scratch the surface. However, if you can get past that, it's a very solid, entertaining, and dare I say, fun game.This game is... not for certain people. If you're looking for a sim with action, mystery and smutty romance, go find another whatever. If you're looking for another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps, go look elsewhere. If you're looking for a game where you can actually connect with the characters and immerse yourself in the world, where the characters don't seem like characters but actual people, give this game a shot."
,Recommended,447530,29921696,Posted: 14 February,all,macroflation,if you lose your house you get to become a hug pillow for a hacker. 10/10 would bartend again
,Recommended,447530,25799553,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Novem,"A good game, but not meant for everyone."
76561198072317704,Recommended,447530,26780307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Madison,"It's maybe a 4-hour experience?It has nice plot. The pacing needs some work, but I love the effort.Waifus.Art.Easy, with some puzzles and memory. Nothing like an annoying puzzle game.The community is amusing. The devs are active.You might see some lewd if enough people buy.Tedious gameplay, ish. Several obscure paths.Characters are loveable."
,Recommended,447530,27924877,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cashmonious,Great music and I'm old and actually hate playing videogames now so it's great to just read.
,Recommended,447530,29108361,Posted: 7 January,all,SpitefulFox,Everyone is adorable and amazing.  Especially the Rad Shiba.
76561198025218098,Recommended,447530,35414185,Posted: 2 October,all,Ivanhlb,This is the first time I'm actually reviewing any game on Steam.I bought this game since it was pretty hyped up on the interwebs.But I stayed for Dorothy.Looking forward to the Japanese translation!
76561198410876030,Recommended,447530,34226227,Posted: 13 August,all,Cranberry,Beautifully written and executed
,Recommended,447530,34178787,Posted: 11 August,all,ill-Bred Miscreant,Excellent storyline.
,Recommended,447530,34182283,Posted: 11 August,all,Orionis,"Amazing script, this game really immerses you in the lives of the characters. One of the best visual novel games I've played so far."
,Recommended,447530,34223948,Posted: 13 August,all,General Beatrix,This is my favorite VN hands down. It's very adult in it's elements without any dating/nudity which is great. It has very organic characters unlike most VNs where the characters are copy/paste tropes. Plus the music is really great. Def worth the money full price.
,Recommended,447530,31348040,Posted: 24 April,all,Dangerous Beans,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBfWKmRFTjM
,Recommended,447530,29447445,Posted: 23 January,all,Alan,amazing charactersamazing soundtrack anda pleasant story
76561198138246659,Recommended,447530,31072994,Posted: 10 April,all,Communist Murderer Gats,"Nice atmosphere, good music"
76561198020118540,Recommended,447530,26941356,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Õru Maito,This game makes bartending look WAY better as a job than it actually is.
,Recommended,447530,29620451,Posted: 31 January,all,eman_,I'll slap you silly if you don't like this visual novel. It's AMAZING!
,Recommended,447530,26464710,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Von,Time to mix drinks and change lives!
,Recommended,447530,24057893,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hamz,"88888888888888888888888             How do I denko?           Did I miss bath time?YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAH                              Hey kids! Wanna die?                            (ノ≧∀≦)ノHow Do I Premium?         Hello fellow youngsters.               PREMIUM TIME WHENWhy is everyone so noisy?                          ((°Д°))                       Did I miss bath time?Who /dangeru/ here?             LET'S GET SEXY!            GO GO GO!BATH TIME WHEN?                (´・ω・)                                           I miss short-haired Streaming-ChanI want /dangeru/ to leave.                   Anime was a mistake.                              What's happening?TOO MUCH CLOTHING!           (ノ≧∀≦)ノ           LET'S GET SEXY!GO! GO! GO!                     WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW(一ω一')         Marry me, Streaming-chan!       000000000000000000000000000000000000000000♥♥♥♥ YEAH!                       Hello darkness, my old friend.99999999999999999          SHE LOVES US! SHE REALLY LOVES US!MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON"
,Recommended,447530,26466014,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Freon,Rad Shiba best girl.10/10
,Recommended,447530,26471022,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DaS Guardians,Comfiest game I've ever plated. Jill is best girl. best girl/10
,Recommended,447530,30920054,Posted: 3 April,all,TheAnnibal,I purchased it 10 hours ago.Steam says i played it for 9.9 hours.It felt like minutes.
,Recommended,447530,25786412,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ростовский пацан,anime gaуmes is for nerds
,Recommended,447530,32347342,Posted: 11 June,all,Haeme,yes
76561198201067598,Recommended,447530,24066582,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mooman5025,I live to play these kinds of games.
,Recommended,447530,23790478,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ArtemisHunt,"Wow. Just wow. I don't think there's anything in this game that I don't love. But that's getting ahead of myself. Let's start with the overview of the game's... story.You play Jill (Julianne), a bartender. You get some crazy patrons in the bar. You listen to their stories, offer advice, and laugh about a drink named Bad Touch because you're an immature little girl. You do all of this in a city aptly named 'Glitch City'. I say it is aptly named because several times you'll see weird distortions show up on the screen and a girl called 'Anna' will appear. But she appears to you and only you... which made me skeptical as to whether or not Jill is a robot... The mechanical suits that the paramedics also glitch out, meaning that those inside had a difficult time removing them. Nanomachines are said to cause weird reactions in a local AI population called Lilim (apparently 'bot' or 'robot' is offensive). Glitches be everywhere.Information is dispensed to you either through conversations with customers, or through, and I kid you not, ♥♥♥♥♥ boards. And a blog/newspaper sorta deal. All of the ♥♥♥♥♥/newspaper stuff is managed through your phone which you check every day religiously when you wake up.The gameplay is visual novel style except instead of doing the normal thing where you pick one of several contrived responses to stuff to further the plot... you serve drinks! I don't know. Maybe it's the wannabe chef inside me, or the mathematician that loves following a special set of instructions, or maybe it's just fun to roleplay something entirely foreign to me but this bartending aspect is quite fun. And the best part? You actually have to pay attention to what the customers are saying. This isn't like visual novels where most of the text is just fluff and you can probably get through without even bothering to read. Some customers have special preferences, some customers have a usual, and it's up to you to pay attention to what's going on to keep up and serve the 'right' drinks.I'll be straight with you, I'm not sure that there's an overarching story to really get involved with. And to be quite honest with you, I'd prefer it that way. I believe the best way to experience this game is you are a bartender just living your life. Your game route goes over the course of about a month. Not a lot of stories in life get wrapped up in a month. There's only one mini-story that gets wrapped up, but it gets wrapped up in a way that makes sense and is timely in fashion. And perhaps that's the beauty of this game. That it is just a little slice of life. It does make good sequel bait.The aesthetic of the game is beautiful. The music makes sense and it's also quite varied. You can just tell how much effort went into making this game a work of art. It's not difficult to buy into the environment of cyberpunk city on the edge. It's amazing. It's a polished piece of work that is well worth the money that I spent on it.So with that it seems that I've given this one a positive review! I fully recommend the purchase of Vallhalla! This is the type of game that made itself exactly what it needed to be. It's not long, it's not hard, but it's an enjoyable experience from start to finish."
,Recommended,447530,26482499,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mic2070,"Nice little visual novel where your job is to serve drinks at a bar.The general atmosphere is very comfy (you can even choose the music to play in the bar!) and the conversations are interesting and fun. The gameplay is light (put the proper amount of ingredients in the mixer to make the desired drink) but is made interesting as the drinks are your only ""choices"" in this game, and sometimes customers come and ask you for ""the usual"" and you have to recall what that is.Mixing drinks makes for a nice break between the reading sessions, it's truly a great mechanic for this type of game.Overall if you want a cozy cyberpunk visual novel to play I can only recommend that you get this game.Time to mix drinks and change lives."
76561197990556585,Recommended,447530,23698594,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Dobinz,"great OST, fun dialogues, cute waifus.Jill best girl."
,Recommended,447530,26622435,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PsyЯen,"It's a good game, with a great soundtrack and interesting characters. But I felt a bit umconfortable with the amount of gay♥♥♥♥♥♥present in this game and would've probably ponder on the purchase if I had known this beforehand, just a warning out there to possible buyers.Stella best girl btw."
76561197998235957,Recommended,447530,28084284,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pｉｎｋ　Ｓｕｐｅｒｖｉｓｏｒ,I want to marry Jill Stingray!
,Recommended,447530,33229872,Posted: 4 July,all,TarJoe,How do i paid dorothy as my daughter?cmon i need it ASAP
,Recommended,447530,34071224,Posted: 6 August,all,cool birb,"I fell in love with this game and even I can't put a finger on why. So here's some of the amazing things about it:+ Awesome soundtrack+ Well fleshed out and interesting characters. Some are shallow, some are pretty deep.+ Well writen dialogue, funny jokes and moments+ Well made retro-esque pixel artstyle resembling anime+ Cyberpunk theme on everything mentioned aboveIt tackles common cyberpunk subjects and it often times made me philosophical about things like:""How much implants can you get before you're not even considered human anymore?""""How different is a True AI from actual people?""""Would our code of ethics we use nowadays even be fair to be applied in such a setting?""I like to think it's a pretty deep game disguised as a ""waifu game"", not that it doesn't have its fair share of waifus, of course. Overall, a pretty good game, I definetly do recommend it to anyone that likes visual novel games and such."
,Recommended,447530,34070232,Posted: 6 August,all,Michael,anime
76561197967355674,Recommended,447530,26468997,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MEOWGGOTS!@!,Cyberpunk theme? Check.Visual Novel with a mature approach? Check.Memorable characters with their own quirks? Check.I have just finished the first chapter and I can already say that this was money well-spent. Go ahead and give yourself a treat.
76561198029185040,Recommended,447530,26282826,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Greg,"A visual novel that isn't boring, has amazing characters, great story, good humor and a stellar soundtrack. I've bought the game three times for me and my friends! Please support this amazing game!"
,Recommended,447530,26416827,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,nebula-chan™,"This game is wonderfully well crafted and oozing with character and life rarely seen in this stagnant gaming market.  An interesting mix of light-novel-type presentation with a small and fun drink mixing game to do while exploring each of the characters that wander into the bar.  The art style and presentation is magnificently retro, allowing even scan-lines to really get that 80's dystopian cyber punk feeling down flat.  It's clear from the outset that this game has had a lot of love and effort put into it, and it shows in every little detail they include.Artful, beautiful, and a must play for anyone who's interested in light novels, cyberpunk, and good characters.10/10, I'm looking forward from more games fromt his developer."
,Recommended,447530,26426462,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Freedom's Flame,"I'm biased because of my love for just about anything cyberpunk, so take this review with that in mind.Fantastic story, soundtrack, and art wrapped up in a unique game mechanic. While the lack of traditional dialogue choices may be a little off-putting, once you realize that giving different drinks can lead to different dialogue (beyond just ""Right Drink, Wrong Drink"") it gets even better. This game is designed to be a relaxing narrative experience, and if you fail the game continues along on its path, something that more games should adopt over just sending the player to a game over screen.As far as the story is concerned, it's unique in its own right because it doesn't really focus around you. Toward the end you get your own plot arc when someone from your past comes into the bar (not going to spoil it) but most of the game is listening to other people discuss their lives, which I personally enjoyed. I still want to know what happened inside the Apollo Trust Bank, however..."
76561198033713757,Recommended,447530,26452070,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TempuraNOM,"Nimble Strong is a great game for the appstore. I don't remember it having sentient vending machines, talking dogs, a good story, and more than 3 songs in the soundtrack. Not a bad port though, but the bartending is really simple so it's more of a visual novel."
,Recommended,447530,34497229,Posted: 25 August,all,Grunt,simply ebin
,Recommended,447530,25357940,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gil,Booze.Cyborgs.Big tiddy waifus.10/10 did not disappoint
,Recommended,447530,29927844,Posted: 14 February,all,ARCHERPrototype,2cute4me
,Recommended,447530,33355704,Posted: 7 July,all,DK,"I love this game so muchThe characters, style, story, it's all just too amazingCertainly the best thing i've ever bought on Steam"
,Not Recommended,447530,30610715,Posted: 19 March,all,yung cash register,"Good writing and characters, but very repetitive and boring gameplay. Definitely for fans of visual novels, not people who want an active gameplay experience."
,Recommended,447530,23682737,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TOMCAT,the music right off the bat is fantastic and the characters are unique and i'm pleased with everything about this game so far.
76561198058563681,Not Recommended,447530,34851208,Posted: 9 September,all,ruthlace,"Great concept and great characters, but really ubrupt ending and very railroad-y play overall. Wish the game gave you options on which story lines you would like to pursue instead of giving tidbits about them all without being able to even skip the ones your dislike (cough cough Virgilio). I know its a visual novel and not a choose your own adventure game but COME ON, there was so much left undiscovered. Would have been better if you had any options other than decorating a room that holds no relevance to the rest of the game."
,Recommended,447530,26461541,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Walther Eghus II,"Amazing game, the dialogue is solid, the music is phenomenal, the graphics are highly stylized and wonderful to look at, THERE ARE SCANLINES ON THE MENU OPTIONS.Every girl is waifu tier, andGillian is the best bro, and there are multiple endings for you to try to achieve.It's a wonderful gameBONUS POINTS FOR BEING THE ONLY GAME EVER TO UNDERSTAND ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥INGHOLY*f u g g *"
,Recommended,447530,23688170,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Davey,ｍｙ　ｖｉｓｉｏｎ　ｉｓ　ａｕｇｍｅｎｔｅｄgood game though give it a play
76561198187023210,Recommended,447530,26393575,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,711ismyheaven,"Story is great, art is great, music is great, waifus are great, Whole thing is great. 5/7"
,Recommended,447530,29171317,Posted: 10 January,all,Bisette,Jill a best
,Recommended,447530,33076141,Posted: 1 July,all,Qpen ueu dorothy,See ? Gay♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't that bad
,Recommended,447530,23706718,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,A Crazed Gunman,do not fist android grills
,Recommended,447530,26443457,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tashigi,I absolutely love this game. It is very mature and the characters feel hand crafted (Brought to life).
,Recommended,447530,29517322,Posted: 27 January,all,Vanilla,"So to start off, it's really great with the art style, the whole bar tending thing but heres just one problem... WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥S. For 90 minutes i have played but not a SINGLE tease to a breast but who the ♥♥♥♥ cares what i say im just gonna get game critics butt hurt... also theres more talking than bar tending i-i dont like that..."
,Recommended,447530,29175596,Posted: 10 January,all,HotSauceHysteria is Spooky🎃,I luv gaem pls maek moar
,Not Recommended,447530,30570170,Posted: 17 March,all,Jackek,"The atmosphere and music are absolutely wondeful, however the ""bartending"" part in a bartending game is plain simple and boring, the game rarely suggests you to make other drink than your client orders. It would have been positive review if the story line justified poor gameplays elements but it is kinda generic and nothing interesting happens half of the time, it's basicaly some fanfiction about cyberpunk pub life written by some POPULAR IMAGE BOARD (steam actually censores the name of website)users for POPULAR IMAGE BOARD users who get the inside jokes and praise their waifus. Check the demo or something else before paying full price, there are a lot better Visual Novels out there on Steam."
,Not Recommended,447530,33448022,Posted: 10 July,all,Haku,"I'd rather play papers please for repeative gameplay, sure this game is fun for an hour but it just feels too unengaging to be a VN or some kind of game I can shut my mind off to and click for hours on end. I personally feel as if the dialouge is very uninteresting and what is said in box after box could be said in a few sentences to bring more meaning or more in depth conversations.It's really not worth $15."
,Recommended,447530,29251978,Posted: 14 January,all,madotsuki,i priated this game
76561198155782794,Recommended,447530,23687293,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Trainfan2015,this game is all that i have been wishing for brillient  i like the change channel feature on the TV.
,Recommended,447530,33081445,Posted: 1 July,all,Toast Toaster,God damn 10/10
,Recommended,447530,26463833,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Comentarinformal-MPP,"Best waifus seen for a whileAlso cool drink-mixing minigame, too."
,Recommended,447530,26462651,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Techcro,Blade Runner with corgis and cat ears.10/10
76561198112669681,Recommended,447530,30985363,Posted: 6 April,all,Chef Blazer,topkek
,Recommended,447530,25128133,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cybero,*Warning if you dont like lots of dialogues in games dont buy this game*Pros:- This game has lots of good characters- The Music is really good- its just fun to talk to people and have conversations with these people- i really like the plot of the game also the ending- there is a new game plus- you can buy items from the shop and decorate your house- multiple endingsCons:- you dont get an a option to choose what to say jill the main protagonist says it herselfStill i really liked the game and i hope for a sequel to come out really cute game
76561198228797816,Recommended,447530,26446848,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Eight-Six,Great game. Would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,447530,32802285,Posted: 25 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,"In Va-11 Hall-A you play a young bartender, Jill Stingray, The great granddaughter of the inspector from Papers Please. Follow Jill to work and talk to some crazy characters like bald man and worried winy woman. I recomend because it makes work look fun and will motivate NEETs to look for jobs only to be dissapointed that real work isnt this fun."
76561198066651176,Not Recommended,447530,33264118,Posted: 5 July,all,Snazzy_Jazzy,"This game is a visual novel with an interesting premise, good characters, and decent dialogue. The problem is that there is next to no gameplay. When a customer asks for a drink you make a drink. That's it. You don't even have to make them the correct drink. You'll get a game over for making too many plain drinks but if you make every drink more complex it doesn't matter what you give them. The player has no agency in the stories. I can't even recomend it for its atmosphere. When playing I never really felt like I was part of the world. This could be in part because the screen would go white whenever I went fullscreen but it's mainly because the border and drink ingredients menu take up so much of the screen that I can barely tell you what the bar I was working at looks like. It's cool that the hud is supposed be the hud the character sees but that doesn't help me get immersed in the world. If you really want to see the story just look at a playthrough on youtube. The musics pretty good though."
,Not Recommended,447530,29307782,Posted: 16 January,all,Friendly Neighborhood Midboss,"This game is a reminder to me that endings are real hard.Everything about this game is so close to a thing I should love- it centers queer characters, mundanity in a fantastical world, emotional intimacy, bartending, the bleed through of the personal and the professional, all with an artistic style that is really vibrant.Unfortunately, the writing trips it up, over and over, which is a problem in a visual novel. The actual ending is an atrocious cliched mess about, with the various 'endings' amounting to not even really epilogues but singular cards with a brief bit of dialogue, as though the writer didn't decide to include multiple endings until about the third pass at editing. There's a minor... twist? i guess? or introduction of a character who also includes an introduction of ""meta"" jokes and is largely just... so poorly handled and introduced that she feels like the act of an author who's afraid to leave their text alone and doesn't have an editor to help tell them something's a bad idea.This is saying nothing of the way the lens that Va-11 Hall-A views both sex workers and women through feels... exploitative, a lot of the time. Between the moments of quiet intimacy and introspection, the game often feels... leering to me.It's so frustrating, because the game is SO CLOSE to what I want, and has some genuinely lovely moment of quiet introspection and quiet intimacy. The boss coming over to drink is a nice moment and i love that scene so much. Some of the characters have some really lovely moments. but the writer desperately need another author, or at the very least someone to ask him ""why is this this way"" over and over to cut out the chaff which pollutes the back third of this game. You need to stick the landing with a narrative like this, and Va-11 Hall-A flubs it in just about every possible way in my opinion, and that bums me out.If you need a number, it's a game I am mad that i want to give a 7/10 because that's far higher a score than it deserves."
,Recommended,447530,25292103,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"If there ever was a perfect game, it would be this.The games mechanics are simple and relaxing, and the characters are charming and all behave differently. From a loli robot ""lady of the night"" to an Adam Jensen esque assassin. The game has everything. Even references to certian image boards and their sub culture.I can't really think of any downsides it has. Maybe being locked to 720p? But that isn't much of an issue."
,Recommended,447530,23682975,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ソーマ,"Not buying this game is like cockblocking a man, and a man shall never cockblock another man unless they are f*cking his mother."
,Not Recommended,447530,30531017,Posted: 15 March,all,VeryBadPing,"The soundtrack is _gorgeous_The pixel GFX are interesting.But the story and the characters are way too much ""weeaboo""  for my tastes. It goes ""below the belt"" way too easily, felt like a cheap selling point. Sorry, even with a fantastic sountrack, cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,447530,33442972,Posted: 10 July,all,ursusoctave,"characters are underdevelopedwriting is not funny 95% of the timeonly lets you get characters drunk when it wants to, which is the exception and not the rulesubplots picked up and dropped immediatelymain story is introduced halfway into the game and ends abruptlyincessant annoying memesi wasted my money♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Not Recommended,447530,30593327,Posted: 18 March,all,Manly monster truck man,really good game i highly recommend you get thisthe story and characters are really interesting and well writtenthe setting is also by far one of the most interesting due to how ordinary it isoverally its a very good i highly recommend
76561198346416953,Not Recommended,447530,30595110,Posted: 18 March,all,Ocha,"A game to relax, but not a game to get excited about."
,Recommended,447530,29958415,Posted: 16 February,all,Toreddo,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥gOod♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198034638135,Not Recommended,447530,33240585,Posted: 4 July,all,ivanB,"If you are looking for game like Papers Please! - turn away, there is barely any gameplay in this one.Was expecting more from game with such good reviews."
,Not Recommended,447530,30451080,Posted: 11 March,all,booowhop,hearing everyone's problems in this game makes me want to go to a bar and order a zen star and complain about this game.
,Not Recommended,447530,33006904,Posted: 29 June,all,debz,"Terrible writing, horrible tropes, and incredibly tedious."
,Recommended,447530,23682260,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,HoaxZoea,This game is the best for finding your waifu.
76561198278959445,Not Recommended,447530,30867613,Posted: 31 March,all,ejjfangirl6,"I honestly don't like this game. Don't misunderstand, I love the concept and the drink mechanics. The fact you could go and make what you wanted and have it work was genuinely fun and a neat idea. I want more bartending games to be honest. The characters we interact with are fascinating to me.However, I cannot stand the main character's, Jill's, personality. She seems too preachy and rude to me, constantly thinking rude thoughts about customers and getting mad when they sat the slightest negative thing. Understandable, but not pleasant. Plotlines seemed to build up but show signs of going nowhere."
,Not Recommended,447530,30089637,Posted: 21 February,all,Sigmoid Freud,"A hipster and a character out of Sailor Moon have a baby, who grows up to be a bartender in the future.  Lots and lots of dialogue, followed by hard choices like ""do I serve them the drink they asked for or not"".  If that sounds thrilling to you, this could be your game."
,Not Recommended,447530,23770728,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,"I'm really a bit undecided on whether to recommend this or not. Biggest complain: This is not a ""Cyberpunk Bartender Action"" game. Expect something in the vein of Cook Serve Delicious but with story? Nah, it's just a visual novel. Or visual novella. It's eight hour-ish, with not too much replayability, I guess.Not that I have anything against visual novels - in fact that was a nice surprise. But it feels... dunno, unfocused. With the whole premise of you being a bartender getting peeks into other people's lives, that's not entirely unreasonable, but still... somehow most of what happens feels inconsequential, and the one plot thread that has both emotional impact and any kind of resolution could be condensed into maybe 20 minutes. When the credits roll, you will have Phantom Pain flashbacks: so many dangling plot threads, so many questions raised and answered with ""who knows"", everything is still in flux... and there really could have been so much more done with the concept.Oh, and the actual mixing is probably the worst thing on Earth - it's just following instructions, without even a time limit, and without too many risks of screwing up. Sometimes your judgement might tell you to give someone something else than what they ordered (for example, refusing to serve somebody alcohol) but I never really felt like that had a great impact on what was going on at any point, and I definitely do not care enough to go double-check.It's hard to give a game that made me laugh a lot and cry a little such a harsh assessment, but... really, in the end, it's just so inconsequential. I might be a bit influenced by the hype here and maybe the game's style of writing and world building fits better with other people than me... so take all this with a grain of salt. If Steam allowed me to rate games with an indecisive shrug, I'd probably do that.."
,Not Recommended,447530,34768328,Posted: 5 September,all,Lip Service,I bought this game to become a better Bartender and they took me off the schedule :'(
,Not Recommended,447530,23997208,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Elith,"I tried my hardest to really enjoy this game, there was fun quirky characters and some pretty interesting moments.  Characters would meet eachother and interact and that was pretty much the highlight.One of my major issues with the game was the lack of reaction in giving drinks out to the characters, I would give them the wrong drink and they would not really care too much or make much of a reaction. I feel like this could have been touched up upon a lot and would have helped in the lack of replayability, infact I would have spent hours looking for different drink reactions.VA-11 Hall-A:  Really could have used more dialog choices, it would have sincerely helped a lot. The games direction seems to be driven by which drinks the characters love. Another major issue is when replaying the game you will just feel the daunting task not holding the shift key to skip the dialog because you are trying to figure out if you are pushing the story towards a different ending.    You end up playing through the same dialog 85% of the game, thankfully there are hotkeys for mixing drinks that helps out a lot.The story was great but very short and because of the length of this game I can't really say much without spoiling a core part of the story, yes it is really that short, not only that.  But the conclusion to the defualt ending was just such a disapointment that you feel forced to replay the game in order to feel like you didn't waste your money,  I didn't even see the ending coming it felt like it was just cut short.    The alternate endings involving X character are much much better.Another small issue but really is not even remotely a big deal is achivements would not register properly I got 3 Endings but again no big deal.TLDR:  Great characters, Great story,  Amazing wasted potential, Disapointing conclusion, Lack of dialog choices, Boring gameplay mechnaics.Final Thoughts: I wish I could hit ""maybe"" as a recommended game because this does not really deserve the ""No"" flag, but it's just not worth the price.  buy if it goes on sale but don't play at full price."
,Not Recommended,447530,30183030,Posted: 25 February,all,Steriotypical Potato,I put the game in fullscreen now everytime I open it the entire screen turns white
76561197989364093,Not Recommended,447530,33135458,Posted: 2 July,all,MicroShinobi,"In overall this is a good game. However, depends of what you want to get from it...Like someone said, soundtrack is very annoying and unenlivened. Seriously,  I was extremely positive towards VA-11. But now I don't think same. After 6 hours of ""game expierence"" I hate the protagonist, just have no words to describe it. These follies with her LGBT-past, cheap stamps of ""soul feelings""... Ugh!Nevertheless, I liked almost all other characters. Perhaps, it was necessary to work better on protagonist's figure."
,Not Recommended,447530,26483170,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Xriah,"I'm a huge cyberpunk fan. I've also learned that well written visual novels can be engaging and fun. The overwhelmingly positive reviews got me excited. I was prepared for something special...Hour 2 in, and I'm still not interested in anyone or anything presented so far. It's just not engaging. Maybe it gets better further in but I'm not one of those people who's willing to stick out a bad time because it might get better later.I might have been willing to stick it out longer, but the click-and-drag bartending itself isn't fun, and I'm surprised at how much that bothered me. It's static sprites and a couple of uninspired sound effects. Seriously? It's basically your whole gameplay! Everything else is so lovingly animated. Why does this part suck so bad?Oh well. I tried."
,Not Recommended,447530,32067173,Posted: 30 May,all,Disgruntled Nerd,Repetative game and uninteresting characters. World seams like fun but not so much behind a bar.
76561198111393016,Not Recommended,447530,31651221,Posted: 9 May,all,Plastic102,I did find this game enjoyable at all. Perhaps it's just not for me.
76561198061905928,Not Recommended,447530,29077191,Posted: 6 January,all,came back the very next day,"Two strikes so far, relying on Steam ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reviews on games. These couldn't have been all paid reviewers, but what they're seeing in it, I just don't understand. Other than the function of making a drink - which is simply following a recipe book, no skill or thought involved - the game is just a bunch of still anime pics and text. The vast majority of your time will be spent clicking your mouse to go through an almost endless dialogue - of which you have no response options. And the text isn't even mildly interesting. Maybe if you're a fan of non-action manga, you might possibly see something in it, but I just don't get it. And I generally like choose-your-own-adventure style cinematic games. But there is no cinema here - and no decisions to be made. Just an endless wall of text, text, text. If you want to do some reading, do yourself a favor and pick up a good book. This isn't even that."
76561198014899960,Not Recommended,447530,24751048,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Hakola,"The presentation is fairly nice, even though I'm not a massive fan of the anime aestethics.The tutorial is blasted at you with everything the game seemingly has to offer with a massive info dump which fails to give it a nice difficulty curve as you'll get a special order right from the get-go. In this respect, it might be good that the gameplay is pretty simple. Read the recipe, follow it and repeat.Mechanics do take a backseat though, which is where the game will divide people. The story seems to be key here and you have to click through massive amounts of dialogue for each patron. They all seem to have their own troubles and they go on for ages between orders.If you find the characters remotely interesting you might like the game, but I can't say I'm sold on the writing or the humor, which is very on the nose and lack a punch. Throwing words like ""rapists"", ""sex tourist"" and other edgy things into the dialogue won't really spice things up, especially when you're told what to think about every character by the protagonist -- leaving very little for the player to interpret.There is a cool idea here though. If you'd have to shut down customers in order to get more orders and get to choose which customer you'd interact with for longer periods of time, this would be an interesting take on the visual novel genre.If things take off I'll update the review, but as things stand I'm having a hard time recommending this one."
76561197995215274,Not Recommended,447530,25185004,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LS,"I really wanted to like VA-11 Hall-A.It is most definately a step in the right direction from Random Access Memories, however, I don't think it goes far enough in fixing the issues in storytelling that RAM had. The characters still feel rather two dimensional. It also can't go more than twenty minutes without trying to remind you that the devs also made this other game called ""Random Access Memories, and you should totally play it lolz!1""The pacing is inconsistent, and sometimes I feel that the story is coming along too slow, while other times it feels like they aren't really progressing it enough. What is there is just so cliche and trite that I just had to put the game down after a while of playing it.That said, this is far from the worst game I've ever played. The art style works rather well, the music helps bring along that cyberpunk feel, and more than once there was a moment where I saw that there was the potential for a great game hiding amongst the writing, with a few characters acting like normal people every now and then."
76561198006601110,Not Recommended,447530,26918795,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr Namaste,"The game migth be aimed for another target and not for me, but... I couldn't get very far without being annoyed by how many times you have to click to advance the dialogues. Little sentences at just the wrong interval, not frequent enough to give rythm and not spaced enough to  leave just read and think.Simply not my cup of tea.Luckily steam has rufnds now, so IO could still try it."
,Not Recommended,447530,27040620,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toobis,"Has a rich storyline, but there's not a whole lot to this game other than reading dialogue and clicking your mouse. I really enjoyed making the drinks, but I would almost fall asleep between the opportunities to get to do so.  It seemed very slow paced and the hour I spent playing the game was almost painful.Perhaps if this game goes on sale, or introduces a gamemode where you get to do nothing but make drinks, this could be fun, but until then, it's just a clicker with a mini game thrown in every half hour."
,Not Recommended,447530,30093499,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
,Not Recommended,447530,33314608,Posted: 6 July,all,Valderonce,"Story is inexistant (kinda stupid for a visual novel).Music is dull.And why can't the characters stop talking about how being a lesbian is so great. I know you're gay, good for you, stop smearing it in my face. Hell, the ""main """"story"""""" is about how gay the main character is and her ex-girlfriend sister, and they talk about how gay they were. And how everyone liked the gayness and that when one did a prank, the other hide the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in retaliation.JUST. STOP.Well, it could have been worse."
76561197969687669,Not Recommended,447530,33892670,Posted: 29 July,all,Scelous,"Jesus Christ this ""game"" is bad.  It is mind-numbingly boring, the epitome of what visual novels are about -- a lot of clicking and reading, not a lot of real decisions or any real challenge.  At that point I'd just read a book, since they're usually written better.  I've had to grit my teeth to get through the soul-crushing boredom of this game.  To hell with you people for giving it such a positive rating; I can't remember the last time I was so burned by Steam reviews."
76561198084290930,Not Recommended,447530,26485106,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,New_Pornographer,"For a game that is almost entirely based around text and reading it does an awful job of telling the player what they're supposed to do. If you're expecting anything even remotely worthy gameplay wise, don't buy this game. Would be much better if it was just a visual novel and didn't throw in awful rage inducing gameplay."
,Not Recommended,447530,33185749,Posted: 3 July,all,C.Y.A.N,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waifu♥♥♥♥♥♥Annoying charactersBland storytellingTrying to be funny by associating itself to /adg/ with immitated thread dialogueRepetative gameplayDon't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,447530,24371896,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,forkburn,The story is lacking. Especially the ending.
,Not Recommended,447530,28895741,Posted: 1 January,all,Robotic Dreamer,Fell asleep before the first save. I have no idea how there are so many positive reviews
76561198105898040,Not Recommended,447530,35065785,Posted: 19 September,all,niki,"We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!We need chinese, please!"
,Not Recommended,447530,30909896,Posted: 2 April,all,INTERNET POLICE,"The cyber punk future, if seen from the eyes of an autistic horny man who lives in a dream of memes and the fantasy of a being a legbeard anime bartender in the crummy child sex robot dystopia.  Welcome to hell, nerd."
,Not Recommended,447530,29196579,Posted: 11 January,all,itty,"Pretty, pretty sexist."
,Not Recommended,447530,28199174,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,lucaeon,"Thousands of clicks to read through pages of slow typed single sentences of dialogue interspersed with tedious, unchallenging, gameplay elements. Story and dialogue jumps between mature and juvenile. 50+ years in the future, expect to pass your time reading ♥♥♥♥♥/Reddit type apps… Probably has appeal to people that enjoy visual novels but avoid if looking for a retro style game with gameplay."
76561198005977094,Not Recommended,447530,24210355,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,[LHU] Howling Dale,"I feel cheated.Reading some reviews and looking at the game gave me a really positive feeling! I Bought it, started it, and played it for only 10 minutes and decided to refund it...> There is no good explanation on how it works> When trying to mix the first cocktail, it didnt work and didnt provide any good explanation"
76561198054713850,Not Recommended,447530,24383644,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Beboop,"Its a visual novel, that has a ok drink making simulator, and nothing more.Its not a game.I'm sure everyone enjoys it, but i feel like it shouldn't be advertised as a adventure game.The music is meh.  You would have to enjoy electronica to like it.The story is slow and boring at the beginning and couldn't hold my attention."
76561198006742616,Not Recommended,447530,29591040,Posted: 30 January,all,CalibrationHero,A decent visual novel with a lot of subtle LGBT propaganda.
,Not Recommended,447530,23757196,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,the tricksterking,"I am dissapointed. Admittedly I have not played all too much of the game but I really cannot stand another moment of it. This reveiw is based on my first impressions and may not reflect the whole game. When I saw that the game had arrived on steam I was really happy as I had been waiting some time for it to be released. I had played a demo for it at E3 and I loved what I played there but this was not the same experience. I was drawn to this game by its comedy factor and how you have to craft drinks to meet client needs but those moments are seperated by long boring dialogue.The dialogue is just there to tell you about the characters and the world so if you don't care about those then there isn't much to really gain from reading it. The humor was not that good and rarely made me smile. At this point you are probably saying ""Well then you are just not easily impressed"" or ""well then this is the wrong game for you"" or ""well maybe it gets better"" but really I find it hard to call this a game when there is so little game play besides the ocasional part where you have to make a drink for the client which is not very challenging since you have the recipes and the client tells you if they want you to make any changes to the original drink.The main character was a hard one to resonate with and was kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥ at times.I will give the game another try some time. As I said this was just my first impression so my views mght change later on but as things are currently going I doubt they will. I would reccomend this game to more casual people who prefer story over gameplay."
,Recommended,447530,30378842,Posted: 7 March,all,Jun,"Nice atmosphere, nice music and a good story"
,Recommended,447530,30384748,Posted: 7 March,all,Ikarrus,"It's a super comfy and chill Visual Novel. Cute and well-written characters, subtle storytelling and secrets, and left me with a lingering want for more."
,Recommended,447530,26207385,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[DD] Aelyndir,It's okay
,Recommended,447530,30711094,Posted: 24 March,all,BŁVK Coeva,"Let me start off by saying that I've never found a game that has sucked me in like this one has. I played for a bit, had to leave for a dinner soon, reached a save point and quit. Then I saw how much time I had on the game. I had 52 minutes on the game, and it only felt like 10 minutes. I loved every second of the game! Mixing drinks, talking to customers, learning their stories. It was incredible! I think this may be one of my favorite games for a long time to come. I had one thought, that you could add an ""arcade mode"" of sorts, where you just mix drinks for people (outside of the storyline), maybe with a time limit/sense of urgency. I love the game though, and the soundtrack as well!"
,Recommended,447530,29486705,Posted: 25 January,all,The Shyster Meister,"Have you ever wanted to be a bartender in the 1982 film ""Blade Runner""? If you have, then this is your game."
,Recommended,447530,29480446,Posted: 25 January,all,#1 ICE KING,An enjoyable game
,Recommended,447530,29511458,Posted: 26 January,all,𝓡𝔂𝓪𝓯𝓪𝓵𝓽,"30 mins into the game and I'm already loving it. Everything about it is a solid 10/10, the artwork, the music, the atmosphere, everything!It even has it's own ♥♥♥♥♥ in-game lmao"
,Recommended,447530,29277461,Posted: 15 January,all,DeKKeR,This is a very good story telling game.Well served solid story with great soundtrack. I'm not a fan of visual novels but after I've played Read Only Memories I was hyped for this one. There is much less gaming elements then in ROM as the only thing you need to do is serve drinks and pay your bills but I do recommend grabbing this game for it's price. It's worth it if not for soundtrack alone.
76561198249613892,Recommended,447530,29526278,Posted: 27 January,all,Whimms,"From exuberant robot sex worker Dorothy, to ex-wrestler bar owner Dana, to sisterly hacker Alma, to still-figuring-it-out-but-won't-take-your♥♥♥♥♥♥bartender protagonist Jill, to talking dogs and many more,VA-11 Hall-Ais a great little visual novel that crafts a memorable cast of characters and never forgets the human stories at its core in favor of its cyberpunk details. The bulk of the game is just conversations between you (as Jill) and the VA-11 Hall-A bar's patrons -- but there's joy, laughter, sadness, and even tension at events happening elsewhere as you serve drinks and hear about their lives and the dystopian mess that is Glitch City.This is a game whose intro literally encourages you to sit back and relax, so there's a few nice touches like the super simple drink-mixing UI and being able to set the music you want in the bar every day. As opposed to visual novels with lots of branching paths, there's really just one route telling Jill's story with some variations based on which drinks you serve. I saw all the ""good"" ending scenes in two playthroughs (Tip:The one thing that wasn't intuitive is that sometimes customers will react better to a drink they like even if it's not exactly what they asked for) and then happily came back to find some of the other lines (there's a few good ones, especially when you get people a little too drunk).There's a lot of humor and a lot of heart here, so I'd recommendVA-11 Hall-Ato anyone, no prior experience with the genre required. I plan on coming back for a few drinks myself, even if it's just to hear the same old stories again."
76561198054209239,Recommended,447530,30583442,Posted: 17 March,all,CrazyDave1313,"I've never played a visual novel before, and this game makes me wonder what I've been missing.  There's not much to gameplay, mostly just reading and some occasional problem-solving based on what you've read.  But it gets two thumbs up from here - definately well worth the money spent."
76561198254191975,Recommended,447530,30599563,Posted: 18 March,all,joonbug,"such an amazing game with many routes/endings to take, highly recommend. :]"
,Recommended,447530,30535657,Posted: 15 March,all,Kurtillius,I found this game incredibly touching.I purposely played through it as slow as possible so that it didn't end.Take the developers' advice and play it in a laidback atmosphere with a drink in hand.
76561198078481431,Recommended,447530,30521370,Posted: 15 March,all,armstrongmtg1968,"This game is great form start to finish, no story since undertale have i'd felt this many emotion; and on top of that i can't find anything negtive about. I hope for sequel or maybe some comic book release"
,Recommended,447530,30528348,Posted: 15 March,all,Momentanius,Underrated Steam Gem. But ♥♥♥♥ that princess minigame in the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198060234910,Recommended,447530,30534015,Posted: 15 March,all,Stormsong the Fallen,"I've wanted to try a VN for some time.  Someone mentioned this to me as a good ""get your foot wet"" title.I asked about the plot.  She told me ""you're a bartender.""  Well, of course, I could have gleaned that from the title but there has to be more right?  She wouldn't say.Wasn't wrong though.  You are a bartender, and to say more would ruin a good thing.  A real good thing."
76561198256324391,Recommended,447530,30528284,Posted: 15 March,all,Yucc,"A stunning, game at thatvery funny Jokesand kinky stuff in it.I have had a good laugh with this gameCan't wait to check out the new update!You should buy this game its worth the cost!I'd rate this 10/10."
,Recommended,447530,30526935,Posted: 15 March,all,SnowXing,"Replacing dialogue choices with mixing drinks is a brilliant idea, and more games could stand to learn from this example.The game can be pointlessly salacious at all times, but in a very laissez faire way, and it ends up being more endearing than annoying. It's actually kinda mature in an odd way.Could stand to have a few more sexy cyberpunk man hunks to offset all the lady on lady action, but considering how much I like lady-on-lady action that's a minor gripe.Interesting game, give it a play."
,Recommended,447530,30535319,Posted: 15 March,all,Mediarahan,"If you're looking for a chill experience with incredible characters, look no further."
76561198063949036,Recommended,447530,30502608,Posted: 13 March,all,calico 420,i really enjoy this game. abosolutely adorable and raunchy. <3
,Recommended,447530,23714499,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,☞,"I don't even like visual novels and I enjoy this one.Great waifus, music, writing and aestheics.Buy it and help the devs escape the hell that is Venezuela."
76561198042187580,Recommended,447530,23684602,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tequila Mockingbird,"This is my favorite dystopian waifu sim. I can promise there just aren't any better dystopian waifu simulators better than this.Seriously though, it's a good game. Very human in it's writing. Check out the first day or so on Youtube if y'want, and buy it if y'like it- it's good stuff."
,Recommended,447530,23702070,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LtGeneral Andrew,"Its a pretty laid back game. Think of it as a less stressing version of ""Papers, Please"" combined with elements of a Visual Novel. A great game to play while you kick back and relax."
,Recommended,447530,23700260,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GLC|Zashi,"Never played a visual novel. Got it because it reminded me of Papers Please. Spent about a hour choosing music for the first day of work. I thought it might affect customers or the ending. Only about two hours in and I find the storytelling very similar to that of a podcast called Welcome To Night Vale. You're looking through a very small window only to find a vast, crazy world. I also drank well playing so this review might be nonsense. Its my day off from work so don't judge.  You got extra cash? Wanna enjoy a story? By all means. Purchase."
76561198076008852,Recommended,447530,23699488,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Heavyblade504,Surprisingly addictive with plenty of solid dialogue and varied characters for hours of casual relaxation.
,Recommended,447530,23707670,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mwng,Best dystopian bartending simulator featuring catgirls I have played this year.
76561197970531020,Recommended,447530,23722791,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CÆLEN,"really great and unique game, the art style is superb and the game is really fun to play, looking forward to my second playthrough to see what degree of variety you can get with your actions, currently have about 3 hours of playtime and just finished the third day in game i believe so i cant say how long the game is yet, but just from what ive played so far i think the game is worth the price, definitely worth checking out"
76561198083920683,Recommended,447530,23722816,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cult ⛩ Alive,"Whoa! What was that just now?! Was it a fair amount of lore dumped into me so casually by characters while they talk to me so easily (because I'm the bartender, duh!) about their weirdly relatable except not really daily lives?!Holy sh*t this game is good. Concerning Visual novels this game is exceptional.Also, Top Tier waifus and good soundtrack."
,Recommended,447530,23722843,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Longrat,"A cool little narrative driven game with a fun setting, cool graphical style, great music and interesting characters. Give it a shot!"
76561198021147874,Recommended,447530,23722950,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Granitesky,"Wow!I know this is supposed to be a review, not a rant, but wow.I would highly reccomend this game to VN fans.Great music, cool characters, and a modest price tag.This game has some dark themes, so some maturiy is required.Also, this is a great game for drinking. Take a sip every time you serve a drink, and the game gets even better. DON'T drink if you are under the legal age in your country, please.This game has earned itself a place in my top 3 for 2016."
76561198057576722,Recommended,447530,23719452,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,krauchinsky,"Characters are fun, music is good and art is cute.  Game bit is nicely done too, simple, but still with couple spots that are hard."
,Recommended,447530,23719951,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,A Challenger Approaches,"I enjoyed this game very much, it's a nice game to sit back, unwind, and mix some drinks.  It's a bit short(10hrs, shortish), but considering it was developed by just two Venezuelans I think thats understandable.Please buy this so they can get out of that♥♥♥♥♥♥hole of a country, please and thank you."
,Recommended,447530,23721066,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,おねがいします。,"Despite me playing this game for under an hour currently (0.5 hrs, 6/22/2016), this game has absoultely amazed me. The dev(s) of this game had really hooked me into this game despite playing for a short amount of time, all I can say is congrats for the dev(s) for making such a wonderful game."
76561198307584476,Recommended,447530,23716347,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,lemon,we chillin
76561198011514845,Recommended,447530,23720880,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dojima,This game was much more than I expected. Artbook when.
,Recommended,447530,23772369,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hayden,"This game is really comfy and cute, and you should play it if you're a loser who likes to get drunk, alone, in a room with the lights off."
76561198042288142,Recommended,447530,23770675,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chaika Trabant,"I love it so much I have some of the drinks memorized, namely big beers and fringe weavers"
,Recommended,447530,23770843,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Merpperoni,Dorothy is love
76561198015735763,Recommended,447530,23721709,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Uchida,Everything about this just 'feeeeeels' right. Haven't played it long so for but...Approved.
,Recommended,447530,23742841,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OSad,"It's comfy and enjoyable to play, with very entertaining writing to boot. Enable scanlines for that 90's visual novel experience.Proud to have done my part to the Venezuelan Hellhole Rescue Fund."
,Recommended,447530,23840453,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rhep,Papers Please but with anime and cyberpunk and alcohol
76561198058152058,Recommended,447530,23844102,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SomethingCreative,"Impressions (3 Hrs in)Pros:- Soundrack,- Visuals (Anime-like art style) *First time playing a VN and its pretty damn good- Non-linear plot,- interesting characters,- fun gameplay mechanicsNeutral:- Memes- Lore ( Would be nice to see some sort of cutscene or way to explore the world of Va-11 hall-a other than interacting w/ customers)Cons:- not controller supported (only steam controller seems to work)- Navigating through the recipes (seems to be hassle looking for the right drink to make)- only real gameplay mechanic so far is to mix drinks using the same ingredients & recipes (maybe add more ways to create drinks)"
76561198010892916,Recommended,447530,23833639,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Soldier,"Game took me about ten hours to finish.Great Story.Great Ending.Great.Do kind of wish it was longer than ten hours though. :(Sequal?Also no voice acting, but that's not an issue for me, just thought I'd include it."
,Recommended,447530,23838877,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Floxles,I hope the dev gets out of Venezuela
76561198061938672,Recommended,447530,23824621,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jaccob_o,"Fantastic game, I can see multiple playthroughs in my future."
,Recommended,447530,23824851,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,banana bread,"Sit back, become the bartender, and let yourself be engulfed in the cyberpunk setting and the people(?) who inhabit it. There's so much personality in the way that all of the characters are written that you can't help but be drawn into their stories and become attached to all the people that visit Valhalla. However, the way that Jill handles her job also serves to remind you that they're all just living out their lives in this dystopian future, that the bar is just a place for a brief reprise from all of it, and that you're only so involved in it as the bartender.Beyond how engaged I've become with the people who visit Glitch City's little haven, it's also been a blast playing the mixing game that serves as the choice-making mechanic for this story while also being a sobering reminder that these fascinating characters are your patrons and you're just doing your job. This, alongside the phenomenal music direction and gorgeous art for each and every character, makes for a truly memorable experience.What a good♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,447530,23830010,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,frozenfp,"The epitome of comfy, if music, atmosphere and a good pint suits your style."
76561198028069329,Recommended,447530,23822914,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Spazticplatypus,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game oozes personality, and is excellent at telling stories that are compelling and exciting. The core mechanic of the game can be a little tedious at times, but this game is outstanding."
76561198035855453,Recommended,447530,23911526,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,torneko,"Honestly, it is a game I had some doubts about and originally bought due to absurdity in some youtube videos of the installment where the bartender had to deal with serving a bunch of corgis. Well, and finding myself flummoxed at seeing some videos messing up orders. This being said, it is a well written narrative. I will put it this way... It is an amazing experience, if you're open to it. I'm not going to spoil it."
76561198025855380,Recommended,447530,23907313,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PedoBaerJoe,"prosIt's comfythe artstyle is A E S T H E T I Cthe music is great toolot's of enjoyable charactersThe Story is nice and the perspective of experiencing it is refreshingconsIt's essentially a visual novel - that's not everyones cup of teaIt has a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of references coming out ouf its♥♥♥♥♥- most are good, some are annoyingThe bartending is quite shallow but it does the jobI may or may not have pirated this game before but decided to buy it because I thought it was worth itAll in all, I having a great time with this game and would recommed it"
,Recommended,447530,23907428,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Helena_Lou,"This game is amazing. Highly addictive with some very unique gameplay.I wish I could explain more, but its so hard to explain and not ruin the charm. Easily one of my most favourite games ever.Kinda slipped a little of my rent money on this. Totally worth it."
76561197984309692,Recommended,447530,23917085,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Erollisi,"A Cyberpunk Bar tending game where you serve underage sex robots,  Talking dogs,  cat girls,  and miscellanous Waifu Type patrons.  To be fair it plays a lot more like a visual novel then a game,  the gameplay is quite minimal but nonetheless pleasant enough(and you can screw up orders,  And there's a...  failure ending)...This takes place in a dystopian city named Glitch city where life is bad and corruption,  mismanagement,  and violence are rampant.  Authoritarian abuse,  Scarcity,  and a severe misusage of Nanomachines are rampant and life is miserable.One cannot help but wonder if much of this was inspired by the reality of the developers home country of Venezuela,  as a lot of it feels well written and channeled into the games writing,  as well as a lot of well throught out technophilosophy.  But the real question,  are there talking dogs and catgirls in Venezuela?  And even if there were,  would you still want to go there?If the countries as miserable as Glitch city is,  you probably wouldn't...This is however an excellent game,  and I myself found it well worth its price even in full.  You should strongly consider it if the screenshots look at all appealing to you."
,Recommended,447530,23912359,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nura,"I love this thing. The atmosphere is so chill, and even though the characters can be incredibly out there most of the time, the whole narrative, taking Jill through her day to day life at her job makes the thing still feel grounded even though it's a cyberpunk story filled with odd characters. The OST is honestly a big part of what makes the whole thing so excellent."
76561198035653144,Recommended,447530,23775124,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Daze,"Amazing, the overall setting is perfect unlike other ""cyberpunk"" games I've played in the past. The dialogue is great and kept me interest throughout. Not to mention what drew me to check out the game in the first place, the amazing pixel art and music.Overall a great experience and reminded me some what of the Pheonix Wright series."
,Recommended,447530,23779663,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mike,"The Good- Fairly interesting cast of characters, most of which are unque.- Notably interesting conversations, many of which also show a glimpse into game lore.- Fantastic aesthetic and graphical design.- Fantastic OST.The Bad- While this might not be explicitly bad, there's no gameplay whatsoever-- don't expect any.- Hell, there aren't even any conversational choices you can make. You could just spam LMB and beat the game.- While each character has their own mini-arc they go through, the game never really picks up a central storyline.- Mainly because of the above, the 'ending' is more or less lacking in substance.If I could give this game a neutral rating, I would. That being said, while I think $15.00 is a bit much, I won't deny that VA-11 Hall-A is an interesting experience and I certainly don't regret playing it."
,Recommended,447530,23793115,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Askuri,"Although the simple-ish gameplay may deter some at first, the story is far too amazing to pass up. Many a time has this game made me laugh out loud, or get teary-eyed. Every character seems real, with real goals and desires. They are so detailed, I sometimes forget they're just video game characters.At the time of writing this review I think I'm about 2/3 through the game, and i've already gotten more than my money's worth of enjoyment out of it. I thoroughly recommend this game to anybody with a heart, and especcialy to those who are suckers for a good story.Overall, 9/10."
76561198005652517,Recommended,447530,23795311,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gregor,"Fantastic game. Only thing I don't like is that you can only save when It gives you the option. I feel that was a poor choice.But, other than that it is charming as hell and the gameplay is weirdly relaxing.9.5/10 if not for the saving thing it would be literally perfect."
,Recommended,447530,23811267,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Chimes,"Top tier visual novel, a fantastical twist on bartending with lore of the world naturally woven into every line of dialogue with your clients.Gameplay is simple and vague enough that figuring out how the game works is a challenge of itself, with an almost puzzle like quality. Much of the game revolves around making drinks to customers cryptic orders and using your wit to naviagte the menu and spot little connections.Despite the waifu subtitle, this games women are realistic in dialogue and the game makes sure it spends the game teaching you about their problems. Such is the appeal I suppose, drawn in with waifus and you stay for the plot. You will learn to love some characters and hate others.Much more playtime than I was expecting for the price, and I've only finished my first playthrough at 9 hours in. Humor is very reference based in the faith of clear references to ♥♥♥♥♥ board culture that probably won't age well but for now it felt like I was playing a game written directly for me. Soundtrack is, expectedly, amazing.The very peak of a comfy visual novel, this one brings a lot of what you'd expect to the table but the setting, witty writing and unique soundtrack make it something very special."
,Recommended,447530,23810245,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,carofnerds,"Having just finished my first playthrough of this game, I had to give it a review. I came across this little gem in my discovery queue on the day of release, and bought it a day or so later (partially because the British pound was crashing in value and I wanted to get in quick, but that's neither here nor there). Ten hours of gameplay later and I was not disappointed.VA-11 HALL-A a wonderful aesthetic style to it: as someone who adores dystopia mixed with an electric eighties flair (Hotline Miami and Far Cry Blood Dragon are my games of choice for this look) I got exactly what I was promised and more. The soundtrack is incredibly expansive, and you can customise the tracks you listen to while playing at any time. Despite there being few locations, the UI itself conveyed much of the tone and look that I had been after, let alone the settings themselves. Plus, I really adored the Animal Crossing style touch of letting the player customise Jill's room, you can truly make it a gaudy hellhole.As for the gameplay mechanics, I was a little skeptical at first as to how exactly I could control the narrative through serving drinks exclusively. I'm a big fan of conventional visual novels and dating sims and how they work, a REALLY BIG FAN, so when something subverts the genre it is more than likely going to pique my interest. Honestly, after ten hours, I'm still not sure exactly how my service is affecting each interaction, but it is clear that it has an effect. I got the character Dorothy drunk right around Christmas, for example, by giving her the equivalent of a vodka redbull with an entire bottle of vodka in it, and she told me a disturbing but hilarious story about a gangbang involving 8 Santas. Incredible. I'll probably update this review once I've explored the character specific routes in more detail, and have a better understanding of this.The characters are incredibly charming, with just enough reflective satire of the game's intended audience that it didn't wear thin for me. Some people seem to have found the protagonist Jill annoying or dull, but I found her very relatable and honestly, I was rooting for her. I genuinely wanted to pay her bills and work hard to make sure she got paid well, to the point where if a customer asked for the bartender's pick I would look for the most expensive drink. (>//<) Jill's story is mundane, while the outside narrative of Glitch City is politically heated and climactic, and this makes it feel all the more real. The main character of VA-11 HALL-A wouldn't be the main character of a film about her city, and it's charming. The extended cast are equally charming, all very different characters who were diverse and interesting (bordering on the ridiculous at times, and that's a good thing!), and I was impressed at just how much detail the devs put into crafting the game. Each character, even the talking dog with sunglasses on (yes there's a talking dog with sunglasses on), has their own story that they can share with you, if you're a good enough bartender who can lend an ear.I feel like I've gotten incredible value for my money here, and I've barely scratched the surface of the game. If you're looking for something fast-paced, this probably isn't the one for you, but if you're interested in a much more laid back than the norm but equally engaging VN experience, I really do encourage you to pick this one up!"
,Recommended,447530,23785384,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ensj,"For some reason, I'm more attracted to mixing the drinks than listening to the customers..."
76561198046975243,Recommended,447530,23781206,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Crax,"This review is taken from my original post atcraxuan.kinja.com.-I first knew of VA-11 HALL-A through Yippee Ki Yay Mr Falcon’s video. At the time, I had gathered a rather long list of games under my wishlist for Steam Summer Sales and was feeling an irresistible impulse to just buy a game NOW, whether or not it had a discount.So I bought it; I played it; I finished it, and then I thought: I will never forget this game for as long as I live.My experience with - for ease of reference - Valhalla, is one difficult to describe. You play as Jill, a girl who works as a bartender in a forgotten bar in Glitch City. You will be mixing and serving drinks to a variety of customers, such as an arrogant newspaper editor, an android (termed Lilim in-game) superstar, a cheerful Lilim sex worker, a distressed intern, a rare good-hearted White Knight (the equivalent of a police), her wealthy Cat Boomer girl friend, so on and so on. At the end of the game you would have interacted with around ten or twenty characters, a number that is usually too many even for a Visual Novel.That is why it is amazing that I can remember every single one of their names, and not just their names but also their personalities and backstories. I never had a good memory, so I cannot even begin to tell you how wonderful it feels to have good memories that I remember so well. Spoiler alert, because I will be talking about my - Jill’s, but then it does not feel like there’s a difference - with a guy named Ingram.I remember Ingram because of his gloomy looks and thrash talk of the bar that smelled of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and soap, which he then quickly backpedaled because he recognized Dana a.k.a the boss of Valhalla to be a woman who can take down people during an armed riot with her bare hands. It was funny. I also remember that he hires a child-like Lilim sex worker (Dorothy, which also happens to be an in-game character you serve!) to act like his daughter, every year on his daughter’s birthday to cope with the horrible fact that his daughter is no longer in this world.Most of the time, he will order for a lousy, sobering, ‘manly’ drink that will make the bitter more bitter and the pain worse than before. However, you can serve him Piano Woman instead, which is the sex worker’s favorite drink, and he will drink it, like it, and ‘give you a free pass this time’, which is just cute when you serve it gain the second time and he mutters more or less the same drink. And just like that, Ingram’s life is changed from from a self-destructive and painful path to something... less so. He will diss you. He won’t ever be honest with the fact that he just mighta, kinda, love to drink in this stinky little bar called Valhalla. But time and again he will come back, and he will drink, and you will serve, and he will swear that it is his last time but somehow never fails to come back again to renew the cycle.-Overall the gameplay of Valhalla is pretty simple. There are 2 kinds of cycles that you would have to go through each Day. The first loop would be inside Jill’s apartment, where you can read the latest news, blogs and gossips on your phone, decorate your room, enjoy talking with a cat, do some night time shopping and worry about your bill.The second loop is the core one. You will be mixing 5 different ingredients which can be aged or iced, mixed or blended, large or normal size before the complete drink is served to your customers. Sometimes you have to serve 2 drinks at a time, but that is just adding one more to the load. You can, of course, serve exactly as the customer orders, and for a majority of the time it is in their and your best interests to do so. But of course, of the game’s core feature is the ability to serve them a different drink and see it change their lives.In truth, for the customers, the only real way to change their lives is for the better. If you intentionally serve terrible drinks, the results may not differ if you had served exactly as they ordered. As the example I’ve provided above, Ingram is almost certainly headed towards a doomed end unless you can make him remember and hold onto the important things in his life. If you do serve them drinks that do them positive change, then you will see for most of the time, a clear diversion from what was most certainly a terrible fate.But that is only for the customers. For Jill, the main character of Valhalla, the consequences are very real. While it might not seem obvious at the beginning, the stark reality of Glitch City is presented with one very familiar item: Money. Jill’s monthly electricity bill numbers at $8000, and her rent at $10000. The drinks she serves her customers are also priced at exorbitant rates, with the cheapest costing at least $80. It is quite literally and figuratively a Gut Punch.Serving the wrong drink means a dissatisfied customer, and a dissatisfied customer means no income. If you do not manage to gather enough money in time to pay the electricity bill, the worst that’ll happen in game is that the electricity will be cut off and Jill would be distracted until the end of Chapter 2 (you would be surprised by the increase in difficulty playing a distracted Jill). But if you fail to pay the rent, you will automatically enter the bad ending, and Jill would lose her room and be forced to live with a fellow ♥♥♥♥♥ hacker Alma who is infinitely richer than her. It truth, you might think that this isn’t too bad, that while Jill lost her home her living conditions had actually just jumped from 0 to 100, and that she’s also no longer living by her lonesome, excluding the cat. Hell, some people might even think: is this even the bad ending?... That is, until you see the achievement that pops up at the bottom right side of your screen; a dead-looking Jill sprawled across the bed and the label ‘Cozy Hell’ defined, just in case things aren’t clear enough. The only way to get the bad end is if you screw up your drinks too many times and bought too many unnecessary things, basically not managing your life or not take responsibility until it is too late. So yes, Jill - no, you may be living in a better environment now, maybe far better than you could ever hope to achieve.But you have lost control over your own life. In that scenario, Jill shared no difference from the cat she’s keeping, or Alma’s disaster of a sister. It is a very warm, very comfortable, and very cozy hell indeed.-Although there are so many things I want to talk about - such as the subtle connection between characters, the gags, the world of Glitch City and more on the wonderful - for some reason I feel bad calling them a character, so - people such and Sei and Stella, but I guess this would be a good point to end this review. Maybe I’ll revisit it another time, just like those few regulars who always come back to Valhalla. VA-11 HALL-A Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a beautiful game that teaches, with far greater effectiveness than any educational program would have done, the importance of societal relationships and life responsibilities. Jill got this far because she had many friends and ‘personal strangers’ who support her. At the same time, she did not garble the lines between freedom and responsibility over her own life and strived to live in a dystopian world. She also lived by her words during her time as a bartender:Time to mix drinks and change lives. Simple words, and yet I believe I will remember them until the day I die."
76561198084538484,Recommended,447530,30784458,Posted: 27 March,all,Commcody20,"This game is an extremely well done game. Each person that comes into the bar just has such a unique personality you don't even know if they are lilum or not. The music is also a work of art, it alone chages the entire mood of all the speech of the game depending on the songs you chose. I believe this company has so much potential and hope to see more from them."
76561198083228672,Recommended,447530,23976365,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,the ramone,"What's so great about this game?+Story+Artwork+Soundtrack+Characters+Atmosphere+Simple gameplay+Relaxing experience+An overall damn good indie gameWait.. you still haven't purchased this yet?Here's a link to the playable prototype:https://kiririn51.itch.io/va11protoLink to the demo:https://kiririn51.itch.io/valhalla-barGo ahead and buy it once your done. Your just waisting time waiting for this one to go on sale.I'll also do you all a favor right now and just leave these links to the soundtracks:Prolouge OST:https://garoad.bandcamp.com/album/va-11-hall-a-prologue-ost-sounds-from-the-futureFull game OST:https://garoad.bandcamp.com/album/va-11-hall-a-second-roundOh, and welcome to Valhalla."
,Recommended,447530,23977110,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ak,Dana a best!
76561198111630873,Recommended,447530,30456862,Posted: 11 March,all,Thalamus,Man I love this game... it takes me to the future and really sucks me into the lives of these characters. As someone who has a profession in talking to people about their lives.. i found this game to really hit home for me... with good music as well.
,Recommended,447530,30491490,Posted: 13 March,all,Nathan,"THe game builds an interesting world; it's somber, dark, and cruel; and you get to learn all about it from lost souls hiding thier sorrows a tthe bottom of a glass. I always thought that bartending would be a cool job; I have experience working at a coffee shop, so it's kinda familiar and comforting. The soundtrack is lit AF, plenty of songs to pick from and all of them are great. I really like the art style too; it's a mix of retro and modern that's pleasing to look at. I love this game, and I'd recomend it to anyone looking to kill some time on a trip or just sitting around on a weekend."
76561198013658336,Recommended,447530,29307089,Posted: 16 January,all,Hfar,"This game is amazing.  VA-11 Hall-A has some of the strongest character writing I have ever seen in a video game and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it.The game is placed in the dystopian future in mega-metropolis Glitch City.  You play as Jill, a bartender serving at the tihitualar VA-11 Hall-A bar.  Throughout the game you serve a number of clientele, each with their own backstory.  As the bartender you get to hear small slices of their lives and get to know them as individuals.  And the strength of VA-11 Hall-A is the portrayal of these characters.Some will feel like people you know and you'll find yourself identifying with them.  Some you will come across as really sympathetic and make you want to give them a hug after all they've been through.  Some will make you want to punt them through a wall because they get on your nerves.  All of them have their hopes and hardships, and they all come to VA-11 Hall-A for reasons as varied as the characters themselves.The protagonist herself is no exception to this.  Jill is far from a silent, faceless protagonist and has her own motivations, hopes, and fears that by far make her one of the most identifiable characters in the entire game.  She has her flaws but she deals with them in her own way and responds and changes to the events around her in the way an actual person would.VA-11 Hall-A also makes full use of its genre to build a absolutely fascinating and complex world.  The world of VA-11 Hall-A is oozing with personality, with events that are currently ongoing clearly affecting both Jill and the characters she interacts with.  The world outside the doors of VA-11 Hall-A is clearly a living, breathing place and a great deal of thought on the developers part went into building the world.  Easter eggs are rife in this game and it's nearly impossible to count the number of subtle homages to science fiction both past and present are woven into this game.Gameplay wise there is not much to the game beyond the mixing of drinks for clientele.  A customer asks for something, you look up the ingredients in your book on how to make, and then mix it.  Easy for the most part, no?  However, sometimes a customer doesn't know what they want, or they're being deliberately vague, or you know in your heart of hearts that one of your regulars always drinks sweet drinks so why they ordering a sour drink, ect.  Then it's up to your best judgement what's the proper drink to serve them.  Also, throughout the game there are a number of bills you have to pay that can lead to some bad things, so you have to strategize how to serve your drinks in a way that gets you the most money.And oh my god is the music amazing in this game.  Much of the music you can play on the jukebox while you're working was clearly inspired by the 80s and adds an extra layer of that old school cyberpunk vibe to your gaming experience.Ultimately though this is a visual novel with some gameplay elements to it.  If you couldn't care less about story or are more interested in dynamic gameplay over story writing, then VA-11 Hall-A probably won't do it for you.  However if you're a person who either loves 80s cyberpunk, enjoys strong character storylines, and interesting writing then I would absolutely recommend that you buy this game."
,Recommended,447530,25066340,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mister Mumbles,I haven't finished the game but it's very interesting universe and lovely characters. Visual Novels aren't really my thing but I really do enjoy this one.
76561198034416807,Recommended,447530,30851499,Posted: 31 March,all,fl0w,"Great characters, good music, intriguing setting accomplished through grassroots level of interaction; the world is out there, somewhat scary, and you're here in the bar, serving drinks to dogs. To elaborate a bit, my friend who played through the game said he wanted to know more about the cyberpunk city, but understood that it was part of the game's usp that it focused heavily on the characters and their livesinthe city.The characters are interesting enough for me not to just google their backstories, but rather play through the whole ""game"" again. It's comfy game, best enjoyed on slow days with tea, hot chocolate, beer etc."
,Recommended,447530,25123930,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ImaExe,"Comfy and relaxing, enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,447530,25222964,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mofumofobozu,"Welcome to VA-11 HALL-AI'm Jill and i will be your bartender for the night.VA-11 HALL-A (or Vallhalla) is a mezmerizing visual novel about dystopian life, a bartender life, and listening (or reading) to your unique customers.All of the characters are so lovable and have an intriguing background that makes you drawn into them. As a visual novel characters are a vital point in the game, and yet Vallhalla successfully delivered beautiful characters.The artwork in this game is so lovely, futuristic yet so retro. Mixing and blending the past with the future. Who wouldn't want a cutely drawn waifu? get 'em here.Also the music, the thing that caught me so hard. The music in Vallhalla combines the feeling of comfort, cold of the night, and the drifting feel of loneliness. A perfect music for a post-dystopian future game.As the gameplay, i think it is where this game lacks a bit. I don't really see any differences or consequences after i gave my client a wrong drink. But nevertheless, this game still makes it up with a beautiful writing.Final verdict from me for this game:9.5/10"
76561198003922696,Recommended,447530,25218326,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Beans,"Interesting spin on the VN genre. Dresses itself up in a Japanese style, but the text is far too lowbrow and crude to support it. I'll recommend it on its overall feel and uniqueness, but it's writing has all of the complexity, subtlety and charm of an unrefined coding student's chat logs. Go figure."
76561198135144250,Recommended,447530,25218858,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CC_ER,"Really chill game with good music, art, and character designs. Perfect for shorter game sessions or relaxing in the evening."
,Recommended,447530,25285867,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Psychobot,A+ best bartending simulator... but also a wonderful story with an engaging world that made me feel I was living in Pyscho-Pass or other such anime. I even played it again right after finishing it the first time O.o
76561198063840510,Recommended,447530,25280411,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tyleegoat,One girl's epic journey to find out how her boss lost her arm...
76561198121519282,Recommended,447530,25242655,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Adrin,"Like relaxing in a nice bar after a hard day, except you're the one doing the bartending. Fantastic music and attractive characters to top it off. And yeah, 2D waifus are so OP! 2D waifus are so OP! Just saying that twice so that it sinks in.10/10 Wouldn't mind serving Mar..Bratini to drill-haired ladies with cat ears again."
,Recommended,447530,25208348,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dreamyrobot,Incredibly satisfying to just sit back and listen to the stories the people of this city have to tell. I feel better just playing it
76561198087175815,Recommended,447530,30855791,Posted: 31 March,all,inthelitterbox,"Love this game... great story, and really funny, yet deep characters."
,Recommended,447530,25204839,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Princess Naemi,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ this was such an amazing game. I bought it thinking it would be a nice way to spend my weekend and not even half an hour into the game and I'm already completely attached to all the different charaters and their stories. I cried so, so very much playing this game. It gave me anxiety attacks thinking about death and mortality and made me feel both empty and fluffy inside.Also there are tonnes of gay and bi people. Nice.10/10"
,Recommended,447530,23742846,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LowlyHumanCub,"First playthrough my main complaint was about the lack of more active interaction like dialouge choices, but after my first NG+ I started to appreciate the fact they were left out.  The gameplay gives itself over to a more subtle and satisfying style of interaction, making it feel much more like an achievment to accomplish a specific goal/ending than one finds in most modern games.  The plot is populated with pretty predictable character archetypes and plays pretty heavily on what it expects the target audience to bring along with them, but the characters are in-depth and charming enough, and after some time the gameplay becomes unique and addictive enough, to overcome the features it lacks and traps it falls into at face-value.  The art and graphics are also a huge draw if the style is one that appeals to you, everything is high-quality and pretty memorable.  More and more little details continue jumping out of every corner and aspect of the game as I continue playing.  I grabbed it up expecting a few hours of amusment, and have ended up with such an enjoyable experience that I will reccomend it to all of my friends and continue playing to ultimate completion so that I can declare myself the supreme bartender!!"
76561197987226085,Recommended,447530,23739670,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,PizzaTheHutt,"A well written engaging Visual Novel that uses drink mixing instead of multiple choice routes. Charming characters, well developed setting, art, and music all build a great experience. Full of little refrences and quips to the cultute of a certain shady chinese cartoon imageboard, but they all feel natural and well integrated. Even if you don't get some of the in jokes the writing is smart and funny and its well worth it compared to some VNs which tend to be extended ♥♥♥♥♥♥ harem anime. Oh and anime lesbians are the best thing ever."
,Recommended,447530,23691543,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,painterskies,"I saw this on the Steam homepage this morning while browsing through games. I proceeded to buy it, but it was mostly because the aesthetic I saw from the screenshots and the art looked incredible. And after playing almost 2 hours of it, I'm very happy I bought it.The aesthetic is really charming, the background music you can play in Valhalla is excellent and the characters are worth getting invested in because they're colorful & interesting plus they have a decent amount of depth to them. (Also, if you played ""Read-Only Memories"" by Midboss, you're in for a treat because there's references to that game in here.)If you're even thinking about getting this game or letting it sit in your Steam cart because you're not sure yet, I highly recommend it!! You can 100% enjoy this game if you like cyberpunk things, story-driven games, characters that are extremely interesting that you want to learn more about or retro/classic video game artsyles. It's definitely worth the money - hell, it's better than some professionally made games out there right now!And you get to make cool alcoholic drinks in this game, so how can you go wrong?"
,Recommended,447530,23684071,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Spooks,Serve drinks and have a chat whilst listening to some great synth tunes.comfy/10
76561197999281664,Recommended,447530,23689854,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Soulless_Drake,"First review ish thing of a game, normaly don't. So far its been great. Absolutly funny and compelling characters and situations. One thing I really hope is that Sukeban were in contact with Midboss and the refrences to R.O.M. are signs of a crossover game betwen the two devs. Loved R.O.M. and love VA-11 HALL-A"
,Recommended,447530,23690136,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,grimcub,Quite above average music and very nice to listen to in the background.Some of the characters really make me laugh. The filth they keep talking is really entertaining.The bartendering mechanic is simple but once a save point it gives you one request that you need to really think about it.I wonder if it will become harder the longer I play.I really like this style of game and hope the developes will move to adventure genre next and make a game similar to Policenauts or Snatcher.
,Recommended,447530,23712395,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[HB] Go Heavy!,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action...I find it is a refreshing take on a dystopian future ruled by nano-technology. With it's unique style of music, environment and gameplay systems there are multiple ways it can be changed by the player. The service you give DOES affect the game and the ways you are viewed/interacted by with the characters. It also does give you goals, instead of just a plotline - You are the bartender, you deal with these clients while managing your electricity bill; your rent; your wants/desires; focus levels and much more.If you want a break from repetitive big game titles like I did, this is very much the game you go for. Story rich, unique, well-constructed and diverse. There are lots of waifus too, so for many that is a bargain already. (Cat Boomers ftw!) I can happily say that this game is worth every penny you put into it, and the creators and dev team definitly put their hearts into it. And if my memory serves me correctly, this is their first release/major release done by Sukeban Games, which is a massive achievement to launch with such a strong foot into the industry and I can't wait for their next title.Keep up the great work guys, you done a spiffing job."
,Recommended,447530,23712430,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mother Of Pearl,"Just fantastic. Wonderful Pixel art, sound track is fantastic, writing is strong as hell with some very good parodies of images boards in a weird twist.The main game play is mixing drinks for the wonderful patrons who show up to bleed there life stories out on to you. fun but not very challanging, serves as a distraction between the real meat of the game the VN style conversations.10/10"
,Recommended,447530,23906829,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,B.R.D.,"TIPS:- Use Q,W,E,R,T for drink ingredients (much faster than dragging)- A, S for Ice and Aged options- Spacebar for speeding up dialogue (same as left-clicking)- Ctrl for Ludicrous Speed"
76561198108302251,Recommended,447530,27387381,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reginald Vale,"This game is pretty sweet if you want to dive into a dystopian sci-fi world.  The choice on how the game is played can be a bit confusing since its based on how well of a bartender you can be, or how drunk people are, but allowing the player more of a choice besides ""what line of dialouge do I respond with"" seems refreshing and very well.  With multiple endings warrenting multiple playthroughs, definatly a worthy game at full price."
76561198315884992,Recommended,447530,27384954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$ugarDaddy,it's a unique experiance and a cool enviorment. there's a surprising amount of depth. overall really enjoyed my time with vallhalla. also it's not terribly long either if your a fast reader you can probably blow through the game in 10-12 hours
76561197971123454,Recommended,447530,27380941,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kern,Unexpectedly loved it. Pheonix wright meet Snatcher. Great cast of character and great humor that made me invested to the end.
,Recommended,447530,27380334,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mama Phantasm,Is good
76561198042175504,Recommended,447530,30939125,Posted: 4 April,all,Tristan ( S A D B O Y ),This is the first visual novel/anime style game i had ever played. I'm not one for these games but rest assured you will love it. It is full of humor (and if you like them) memes and self awareness. Highly recommed (even though anime etc isn't my passion.
,Recommended,447530,25016547,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,CommieBard,"Va-11 Hall-A is among those select few games that offers a truly unique experience: the story is thought-provoking and unlike any others I have read, seen, heard, or played; the characters are captivating; gameplay--while limited--is executed perfectly; and the artwork is absolutely amazing.It's hard to explain why this game is as fantastic as it is without spoiling the experience, but what I can say is: do not judge this game by the quirky cover it presents itself with. It is so much more. As an incredibly picky gamer, I would rank Va-11 Hall-A as one of my all-time favorites, and I recommend it to anyone with even the slightest taste for acutally-decent games."
76561198098172695,Recommended,447530,27348458,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Linkin Max DC,"The perfect game for those who just want to chill/relax get youserlf comfy and start mixing.In my opinion:This game has great characters/waifus (i loved them all)the game is not that hard to understand, well at least for me xdthe music itself keeps you in a nice moodThe story and dialogues are very good, some of them are also very funny. ( Drunk Jill is the Best )the Art is unique like the storylineTalking Dogs are funnyWould i recommend it? well ♥♥♥♥ yes its one of the best Cyberpunk Bartender Action Visual Novel in Steam10/10"
,Recommended,447530,27355863,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Knail_Knippers,"Excellent Game, had a good time playing it"
,Recommended,447530,27102215,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peruggia,"Couldn't put this down. The incredible art, gorgeous soundtrack and charming characters all come together within the framing of a cyberpunk bar"
,Recommended,447530,27079035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oxygenarian,"Unlike many VN or other word-based, story-propelled games you would find, this game lacks the magnetic ""addiction"" flavor to it. You've likely experienced it in other games or literature, the simple yet compulsive urge to read about ""what happens next"", the eagerness to finish the story - it is what ""pulls"" the readers/gamers along the story. During my experience will VA-11 Hall-A, such elsewhere-ubiquitous sense is at total absence.Yet the game has its very own charm. You are expected to play it laid-back, and are explicitly invited to do so. The game still nonetheless captivated me, and I enjoyed every drop of it. After hours some deficiencies reveal themselves, but the game's merits still outnumber by far, and it well deserves all the honor.In short this is a game I'd strongly recommend. Provided that you'r comfortable with the genre, you definitely should give it a chance, and most likely you'll enjoy it.Oh, and the soundtracks are great.And Jill is so cute."
,Recommended,447530,27079618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Knuckle Children,"Great soundtrack, comfy atmosphere, funny writing, if you enjoy visual novels or story/character based games you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,447530,27011751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Babooshka,"Incredibly comfy game. Just right for long cold winter nights. Grab your favorite drink, sit, relax and enjoy."
,Recommended,447530,27048180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phaesty,100% rad waifus.
,Recommended,447530,27069712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pink,The world needs more cyberpunk games that aren't afraid to drop a few expletives.
76561198088852650,Recommended,447530,27067934,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Delvin_zane,"I really like how the gameplay lets you casually lay back while reading the relevent, funny and philosophical texts that aint often mentioned in other games except in those serious moments. hopefully the IOS or Android version is better with its soundtracks while waiting on the train and sharing to others intrests to this genre."
76561198035551611,Recommended,447530,27069035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Artyomska,"Phenomenal music, awesome character design, funny, captivating, and interesting writing. Game's simple, yet incredibly fun."
,Recommended,447530,30922476,Posted: 3 April,all,The Sorrow Soldier,"Awsome game! Although this not your typical AAA title, the fantastic story writing put this game on top of my favorite list.The world setting and character developing are gold, every character has his/her own well-defined personality. The music is also very addictive, can't help listening to it everyday.However, the ending feels like a bit rushed. There is a lot more room to expand on. But I guess that implies how much I love this game because I am eagering for more of it. Overall, great game, great music. 9.9/10Is there a sequel for this?"
76561198021673697,Recommended,447530,27173008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dante D Dragoon,"Great story, awsome soundtrack and beautifully handcrafted and pixilated booze!"
,Recommended,447530,27221552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elsweur,Love this bar. Nice drinks and interesting peoples (not only peoples) around.
,Recommended,447530,27200310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Witchdaggah ♥,"A quirky and fun, yet dark and depressing visual novel. Mixing drinks to spark conversations is oddly satisfying.(Played in offline mode on steam leading to incorrect hours played)"
,Recommended,447530,27390615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Misdreavus,A great interactive visual novel. Getting all the routes is a bit tough but rewarding.
76561198042151691,Recommended,447530,26752775,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Atobe333,"I love this game so much, the art style, the interesting conversations.It's so well thought out, I really had a lot of fun playing this. I'm huge into cyberpunk stuff so this hits all the right buttons."
,Recommended,447530,26768157,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cerulis,.
,Recommended,447530,26650912,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Troubador,"VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action, or Valhalla for short, often succeeds in spite of itself. The game is actually an incredibly interesting and engrossing visual novel, that parades itself around as some sort of ""waifu"" or otome game. The achievements reference ""endings"" for certain girls, the save files are named ""Record of the Waifu Wars,"" the official site is called ""Waifu Bartending."" Nothing about this game has you ""picking best girl"" or even making any really meaningful difference in the story based on any of your actions. You simply get a little vignette about each character after you finish the game.Now don't misunderstand me here. I really, REALLY, enjoyed the story and the characters in this game. I loved the Cyberpunk setting and the atmosphere of the bar and the people you encounter along the way. The story is interesting and compelling and deals with the real world concept and acceptance, loss, regret, and trying to find your purpose in life. It occasionally even touches on questions of reality and our perception of the world around us. While the game contains humanlike androids called ""Lilim,"" it rarely touches any sort of deep questions about their existence, or their stuggles with their existance. These Lilim simply exist as part of the story. In some ways, this can be refreshing because so many pieces of media love to dwell on the subject. But this could be considered a detriment to some that this topic is avoided.Beyond this, the gameplay is simple and extremely basic. It's neither amazing nor is it awful. It simply exists. Some tips if you do end up playing the game. QWERT corresponds to the drink ingredients, AS corresponds to drink modifiers, Space moves text forward and begins the mixing of drinks according to context, and Ctrl jumps you through text at high speed, for when you are going back to nab all of those achievements and ""endings.""It might seem like I spent a lot of time harping on the game's weaknesses, but thats beause Valhalla is infuratingly close to perfection. It makes its flaws all the more obvious for this. It is an excellent game told in an interesting and compelling way that left me desperate for more information about every character I met along the way. It is truely a fantastic game, and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone who has even the slightest interest in the Cyberpunk genre."
,Recommended,447530,26721971,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Girth,made a bunch of cyber punk drinks for cryber punk chicks. 10 bionic eyes out of 10
76561198041586091,Recommended,447530,26723970,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Chief Skittles,"An excellently-crafted setting filled with fun and endearing characters. A joy to play and a refreshing take on ""standard"" visual novel storytelling and play."
76561198068457675,Recommended,447530,26841768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Barno,A game with waifus and seinfeld references. 10/10.
,Recommended,447530,24032259,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,docmudkipz,"What could possibly be considered some of the most fun I've had reading for hours on end.In the end, I had fun.Also the badges are cool"
76561198055858778,Recommended,447530,26793009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,N0TRyan,Great visual novel and awesome soundtrack.
,Recommended,447530,26810768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rosenator,"I honestly wasn't expecting to like VA-11 HALL-A, as I'm not a big fan of visual novels. I bought it mostly for the retro-future aesthetic, and as far as actual gameplay goes, you might as well be mixing different kinds of lemonade.But holy hell, this game is great. It accurately shows people trying to get by in a decades-ahead dystopia, and some of the folks you serve have particularly interesting tales. The better you serve them, the more you get to glean into the lore of the game.The soundtrack is absolutely stellar, too. The only complaint I have about it is that I had to go buy it through Bandcamp, not Steam. Not a big deal, though."
,Recommended,447530,26845623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NewcastleBrownAle,"This game is actually beauty itself. I can't tell how happy I was when I got the happy ending. Even though you don't have any visible choices, the idea of drinks changing the plot (and lives!) is something new and exciting. I definitely recommend this game to anyone, who loves VN and knows memes."
76561198019243308,Recommended,447530,26847920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain Trash,"Amazing soundtrack, gorgeous visuals, great writing, supreme waifus. 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,26849267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B L Λ N K B A N S H Σ Σ,"A cozy and fun bartending sim set in a cyberpunk setting. Lots of characters, some with backstories and development and some without. There are also secrets to be found in both the endings and choices made. Overall a very nice game to just cuddle up with a blanket and enjoy."
76561198064848706,Recommended,447530,26876424,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Volfsden,"Very awesome game, follow a bartender's life as she deals with her own problems and those of her client's while brewing fancy drinks."
,Recommended,447530,26875312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raiden49,"VA-11 Hall-A is an extremely underlooked game that shows amazing music, graphics and a fun and fresh story with new and new takes on Characters in a cyberpunk setting!I highly recommend  it"
,Recommended,447530,27027259,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nato,Amazing. Lovely.
,Recommended,447530,26514248,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Little girls doing little things,I hate you Model Warrior JulianneSoundtrack is top notch though
,Recommended,447530,23774311,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,cns,It's a pretty amazing cyberpunk graphic novel story with interesting gameplay and some nice anime characters.
,Recommended,447530,27052464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aikedh,"I'm not good with reviews so I'll just tell you this: while this game may look silly, making fun of itself and its characters during all the playthrough, it manages to explain how it is to live in an ""hard place to live in"" (as the developer said) seriously, while still being able to make you laugh and have a good time. This is my main reason for supporting this; sure, it also has beautifully designed characters, an amazing soundtrack and very good waifu material, but for me it's very important that the developers were able to convey a ""sad"" story through fun events.Also Jill is best girl"
,Recommended,447530,27042037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ventuswill,"Va-11 Hall-A:Has a strangely irresistable gag-inducing taste (pun intended) with a strange bittersweet aftertaste.5 parts sexual innuendos2 parts puns and referances1 part great quotes1 part edginess1 part clutter collectingBlended, Aged, and On the Rocks."
76561197970296271,Recommended,447530,26495161,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,zorlag,"Quite enjoyable little visual novel with a bit different sort of route selection than is normally used. Going to have to try to get more endings (there are apparently something like 6-7 of them + secret stuff). Even the bad ending I got was quite amusing.Special mention to the soundtrack, which is really nice.Cons? Well, if you are a prude or just someone who can't handle occasional bouts of strong language and sexually charged jokes/stories then this isn't a product for you."
,Recommended,447530,26969817,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lowallyn,Beautiful
,Recommended,447530,26974798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♥Jade Merrydown♥,Probably the best VN Ive ever played can't help but reccomend it!
,Recommended,447530,26889852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fbutt.jpg,This waifu simulator is top notch. abuuuuuuuuuu
,Recommended,447530,26991420,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Akasen,"I bought this game on a simple sale for close to ten dollars. To a degree, it's hard to justify the price tag of this game. Even so far as a visual novel goes, it doesn't' have entirely the biggest ""replay value"" for a game like this.However, there's something about the tone, writing, characters, and setting that really gets me. Once you get past the whole ""mix drinks"" mechanic of this game, it's really just a story that only slightly changes with whether a character is drunk  or dissatisfied. But even then, I can forgive those aspects simply because this games art is nice, it's characters really had me liking them in one way or another, and there were so many damn times I was laughing my heart out I can't even imagine the last time any medium had done that since maybe Iron Man 3.But there's a message to this game, I'm certain to it. Your main character goes through it, another character can decide upon this, and so forth. I believe, and I doubt I'm spoiling much, that this game wants to tell the story of people giving up on something like a cold, but cushy job in favor of something that really calls to them. Doing what they like to do or what is comfortable, rather than having to actually aspire to be big. But maybe that's my take away."
,Recommended,447530,30923350,Posted: 3 April,all,Killzone729,"This is one of the most unique, fun and interesting games I have played in quite some time. At the time of writing this I just finished the first two hours or so and I am extremely excited to see what happens next. It's somewhat strange to me that with such little actual gameplay this game is able to suck you in and care about its world as well as this does. At the very least it will keep you interested enough to carry on.The characters I have met so far are very different and fun to chat with. The humor in the dialogue is witty and funny. It feels very ""down to Earth"". You can visualize the world that this game puts in front of you. It feels ""lived in"" all from the counter of a bar. The music is diverse and fun as well and you get to control what songs are available in a playlist of 12 songs for the night which can be swapped out during your 'break'. There is quite a list of them too.I am sure I have much more to experience but this game put me in such a good mood that I very much needed to write a review for it. That Overwhelmingly Positive review score isn't sitting up there for nothing. Buy this game and you will not be disappointed.10/10- I will try and update when finished with the game."
,Recommended,447530,26992678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NohbdyImportant [AQ@P],"Va-11 Hall-A is an interesting deal. The gameplay is simple, but complements the game nicely, The story is great, and the characters interesting. I fully recommend it."
,Recommended,447530,27009937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[FO] Justin,Quality bartending action with a lot of enjoyable characters. Get your own drink and settle into a cozy evening with some good music in the best bar in Glitch City.
76561197975995526,Recommended,447530,27009576,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heavily Armed Pokey,Rad Shiba is best Shiba.
76561197994393331,Recommended,447530,27010481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,happyrich12,"If you've ever wanted a game about fantastical people with real problems in a wonderfully fleshed out cyberpunk dystopia that so skillfully draws from real world influences, then get ready to mix some drinks and change some lives."
,Recommended,447530,27010908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KoreyCabra,"Really fun take on the visual novel genre. It gives you a good amount of freedom and ability to play the game as you see fit based on the drinks you make. The art is stunning and it aids itself well to the music and the creative world of VA-11 Hall-A. The characters are varied and every person is bound to find at least one of them likable.I would highly recommend this game to someone who has not been fully sold on visual novel experiences in the past, making the drinks and upgrading your room really adds some variety inbetween days."
,Recommended,447530,26921372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CaptainMalnacido,"A fine installment on the Metal gear series about the legendary Big Boss's daughter Dana. After years of legendaries campaings against the Copyright Enforcer of Mixtapes Cipher, she decides to go to retirement to post nuclear cyberpunk city of Glitch city as a boss of the legendary Diamond Dogs bar Va 11 Hall-A. The story is potrayed by its best legendary lietenuant sexy bartender Jillvolver Ocelot, and with the help of Kazuhira Gillian and Code Talker, ther will fight against the struggle of the life in the world of post-Metal Gear daily life(´・ω・`)/10 would waifu bartending again-edit: typos"
76561198058947873,Recommended,447530,27020414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hydra,"One of the better games I've played in quite a while, especially from an indie studio. It's got great music, almost nothing but likeable characters, good progression, and a ton of cool/cute/funny moments."
,Recommended,447530,27001262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gabbmew☆～,10/10 Game. Highly recommend for those who enjoy visual novels.
,Recommended,447530,27002739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GurenNoHitomi,"Dangeru did a good one. It's a fairly candid shoutout to the internet circa 2005-07, all within a very contained and well-written story. The characters are likable and the art is adorable. Gameplay is... gamey, but it doesn't take itself seriously enough that it would give you any trouble. Solid game, if a bit safe. Nothing quite like it on the English market."
76561198072192534,Recommended,447530,26999923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Outerregion,"If you are looking for something action packed with interactive gameplay, this is probably not going to satisfy that. The ""gameplay"" is basically mixing stuff to make drinks for clients. Story-wise, it is pretty good and the main reason to play this game."
,Recommended,447530,26881603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AetherTitan,"Its pretty simple, this is Papers Please with waifus and memes, and thats ♥♥♥♥ing great."
76561197980429671,Recommended,447530,24976538,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"My nominee for ""Best Game Within a Game"" award 2016.A pleasant and short narrative in a cyberpunk setting light on interactivity, but well written and interesting enough to keep someone entertained through a play through.As a storytelling piece, the game is light on plot and has little plot development other than the larger events in the city you hear people talk about and read in the news between days.  There is a conflict the protagonist is involved in, but it is tiny and insignificant compared to the events she hears about and what some of the bar patrons are involved in.  Instead, there is an emphasis on character development and interaction and that is where the game shines.The only other game I've heard this compared to would be to Papers Please, a comparison I agree with.  Most of your interaction with the game is spent listening to the clients, mixing drinks, reading blogs, and buying random junk to fill up your apartment.  The game is extremely linear with no dialogue choices or major decisions.  Any branching choices are made in how you fill a drink orders or what you buy at the shop to fill your apartment.The people who stumble into the bar are varied and include everything from a Hatsune Miku proxy, a talking dog, a JC Denton approximation, an Underage Sex-Bot, George Konstanza, a police woman, among several others.  Chatting with the characters at work tells you more about the world and the protagonist's life.In all the game is a calm, relaxing, and entertaining experience worth trying."
,Recommended,447530,27199252,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ＳＯＦＴ ＆ ＷＥＴ],Best Waifu Bartending Game 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,447530,27204892,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rural Gaming,"A very good Visual Novel-esque game. The graphics look like old CGA-stuff from the 1980s/early 90s, but that just adds to the charm. :)"
76561197977517438,Recommended,447530,27370221,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noble Confidant,"Ever finish a game (or a TV show or book) and find yourself thinking ""Man, now what am I going to do with the rest of my free time for the rest of my life?"". This game will leave you with that feeling when you're done.WARNING: If this game were rated by the ESRB it'd be rated Mature if only for sexual language - one of the characters is an android that works the streets as a call girl, so it's to be expected, but it's actually handled most of the time in a rather mature manner like anyone in their late 20s might. The rest of the dialogue is mostly T for Teen.The writing is excellent, delivering character dramas with calm subtltety and without really relying on any major tropes at all, and the simple ""gameplay"" mechanic of mixing drinks and Jill's purchasing choices blend in nicely for a cool and collected experience. There's definitely a lot of geek culture stuff tossed in, such as a fake ♥♥♥♥♥, a jpop idol, old pc-game references, and a slew of (mostly) subtle anime references, but they're written so they don't undermine the experience even if you don't  get them.TL;DR : I got this game originally with mediocre expectations of a different kind of puzzle game. What I got was an absolutely exceptional psuedo visual novel experience that left me with a hard case of what TVTropes apparently calls ""Awesomeness Withdrawal"". Highly, HIGHLY recommend it to any mature readers."
76561198041920115,Recommended,447530,26392271,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,NinDKS0S,I really enjoyed getting to know all of the characters and their personalities in the game. It was well worth playing.
76561198077268294,Recommended,447530,26486273,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nomadiccyborg,"The story is great, the mechanics are simple, the gameplay is laid back, the atmosphere is perfect. If you want spend a couple of hours following the story of a bartending girl in a cyberpunk city where aparently almost every girl is either bisexual or a lesbian, this is the game for you. Probably not worth $15 to everybody, but if it's on sale it's totally worth grabbing."
,Recommended,447530,26490702,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Krakken4,"It was quite the experience. It has a nice story about the main character but it mostly is about being a bartender listening to other peoples worries and stories. Theres a small mini game thats fun for a while but gets stale later on. You meet many people, learn about their life, problems, helping them. But having the character you yourself are using going through certain problems and having your regulars listening to you instead, really helps remind you that whoever you are talking you problems with have their own as well. I relate with some of the problems in the game and other problems I know i would eventually have to face. Many have most likely already dealt with it or are dealing with it right now. A thing to note is that there ARE different endings. 6 to be exact. As much as i hate to say it though, i dont think i would be playing it for a while. I personally dislike playing games over again from the beginning to simply unlock endings. However this game is something which, may help you in life quite a few times. Regardless, i believe everybody should at least play through the game once. The problems and people you meet in this game feels real. 8/10 (edit: Oops almost forgot, the music in this game is amazing)"
76561198017444783,Recommended,447530,26491105,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MyQuestion,Great Soundtrack and relaxing gameplay        10/10
,Recommended,447530,26488690,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,FransisKransis,"Came for the cyber-punk bartending action, stayed for the great soundtrack."
,Recommended,447530,26481490,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ekin781,Jill Is Waifu.
76561198022373274,Recommended,447530,26482719,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Annoxius,"Quick notice: This is one of my first reviews so don´t expect to much technical detail and stuff, just what i like and what bothers me.I´m only at day 5 and i love it, it´s one of my first visual novels and it´s pretty solid.I like the characters, how their look and their personality, the controls are simple so you can concentrate more on the dialogue then tricky mechanics, well that said the game will try to trick you by asking you for a drink that was mention 3 days ago, had to think for a while when miss Neko asked for it XD.I lost it when Streamer-Chan appeared, so cool and weird, i hope she doesn´t over do it.Pro for me:- the graphic style is simple but really cool, i like it a lot- the mechanics are easy so you can relax and let the story flow- the characters are nice, robots and humans and cat-hybrids, i guess...- Alma = Hot- nice musicCon:Probably just a small issue which can be solved, the audio is sometimes cutting out, i was wondering why i had no sound and checked the settings, for some reason the game had shut down the music and sfx, multiple times and when a track in the jukebox changed i had a sound burst or something before the new track started.With that said, i really enjoy Vallhalla and i hope i get the time to finish it."
76561198063040350,Recommended,447530,26532008,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Will The Bandit,"Brought the game after seeing waifus in the description. Funny, but solid storyline that kept me wanting more to uncover the mysteries of Glitch City."
,Recommended,447530,26532825,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vampymonky,A game about mixing drinks and changing lives!
76561198007890806,Recommended,447530,26532189,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BRSxIgnition,"Can't wait to see more from this dev, VA11 HALL-A has me gripped by its story, music, and characters even months after I've finished my latest playthrough."
,Recommended,447530,26530095,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Marsian,"Make a cup of tea, coffee, or beer if that’s more your thing, sit down and wrap yourself in a warm blanket and get ready to enjoy this game.The ""game"" (like most visual novels) has, well very little gameplay whatsoever. The mixing drinks minigame is fun but its simple and nothing special. But you don't play these games for gameplay, you choose them for the story, and this game has a fantastic one. I’ll admit the only reason I picked up the game was because of the Cyberpunk on the title, but I fell for the story after a few lines of dialogue early on. You're Jill, a woman who decided to be a bartender on a whim, who just bartends. That’s it. What makes this game great is the authenticity of the conversations. The atmosphere is damn perfect, nothing too over the top, but it feels like you've lived in Glitch City (city where story takes place) all your life, making it pretty easy to transfer yourself into the game and become the main character. I found myself reading all the newspaper articles and /u/ posts when I woke up before going to work to find out more about Glitch City. The game deals with a good variety of topics. Relationships is a focus, but not all encompassing. I kind of wanted more to be honest, but  you feel satisfied after you’re done with it all. Overall this a solid game I recommend picking up."
,Recommended,447530,26530208,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,The Travisionist,"This game is wonderful. Keeping in mind that it's essentially a visual novel and to be prepared for that style of play, it's one of the more involving stories I've experienced in some time. The drink-mixing aspect of the game is simple and nearly impossible to screw up, but it provides a secondary focus that avoids the greatest problem I have with visual novels in general: There's no mental exercise going on at all in simply reading dialog back and forth, and it can grow tiring. The mixing aspect provides just enough of a break that one has time to process everything said and take a little reading-breather.It's a pretty open-minded story, though, so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,447530,26520687,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RequiemBoi,"So Ive decided to buy this game because I saw a friend of mine who owned this game, and it looked really neat... And god damn, its was great. Solid mechanics, great music and perfect for having a bit of time getting tipsy makes this game way too good to resist.Basically, you are a bartender of VA-11 HALL-A, and you get to hear the stories of the people you serve. After the first night, you practically get invested in the story and desire to become a bartender than whatever job you originally chose to be. You  make drinks by simply pressing your left click and dragging it to a cup and then after stirring it and serving it up. Absolutely great graphics and such fun for when you feel like you are alone in this world.10/10 would drink again"
76561198301510678,Recommended,447530,26522044,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Skeithsz,"I was sceptical at first because I never played any simulation game before.I read through the reviews and decided to give this game a shot!And I'll be damn, buying this game is one of my best decision this year!!I have put 19 hours into this game, and HONESTLY, not a single second of regret I feel during the game.Superb characters and their background stories and the main story itself! Flawless."
,Recommended,447530,26555684,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,R@,"Pretty dang good, I do say so myself. Mixing drinks is a bit more comfy than you'd think it'd be, and if you're thinking that mixing drinks for people'd be plenty comfy enough, it's even more comfy than that. Be sure to save some cash for when you have to pay taxes, though."
,Recommended,447530,26573960,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FlowingMindspin,"Visual novels are always a genre that interested me, but I can say that this is my first time actually playing one for any significant period of time. I managed to get a few endings on my first play through with little problem and had fun the entire time. The character art is gorgeous, dialogue is well-written, and the music is top-notch.The only downside is I wish the story were a bit longer. It seems like a lot of things happen quickly near the end and then the game just kind of ends after all of that build up. It felt a little unsatisfying... but I do plan to replay it at least once to get some of the other endings, if nothing else.I would recommend this one if you're looking for something engrossing, relaxing, funny, and with a lot of text. It's a winner."
,Recommended,447530,25989882,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,zudur,"I've just wasted 15 hours playing this game.If that's how wasting time looks like, I wanna waste all my life talking with Dorothy.NOBODY EXPECTS THE DOROTHINQUISITION!-11/10 better than Dang It, Ron Paul."
,Recommended,447530,30860762,Posted: 31 March,all,Darth Gryme,"This is a interactive novel, that will keep you entertained. I love playing this game when im getting home from work, and want something to help me relax.The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, and the 16 bit artwork is very appealing. I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198036354322,Recommended,447530,26007039,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,KrazyC,"Original, entertaining and great fun.Characters feel alive and the game makes you really care about them.Very engaging history, wish it were longer."
,Recommended,447530,26001477,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,gette,11/10
,Recommended,447530,25903490,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sardia,"Out of all the Visual Novels I've played, VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action, certainly was the most unique one ever and I mean that in a good way.I love how you serve various drinks to the patrons and they tell you parts of their life, their philosophies, their sob stories and so on. It made me feel connected to them in a way, at the same time it felt like I was hearing out a friend with their troubles. The music also helped the mood very well in my opinion, as it gave more life somehow in the dialogue. I could say more about how much I enjoyed this game. But the the bottom line is I got so immersed with everything in this masterpiece, that loved every moment of it. Money well spent.Now grab a seat, drinks on me"
,Recommended,447530,25611335,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,minus.,"Located deep in the heart/colon of Glitch City, VA-11 Hall-A is a simple dive with an appearance that betrays its hidden charm. Rarely busy, but filled to the brim by fantastic gossip of bear-fighting managers to lascivious cyborgs amongst its ranks, Valhalla (as the staff tend to call it) definitely will satiate anyone's appetite for a little chit-chat as well as serve up a nice Piano Man or Marsblast. Whoever set up the jukebox has good taste, too. Come for the drinks, stay for the character. 10/10(Seriously, it's a good game. Check it out.)"
,Recommended,447530,30892459,Posted: 1 April,all,iceize,pretty good gamesome qualms- no text-skip option- some unrealistic dialogue in the first day or two.
76561198025843996,Recommended,447530,26124314,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Crimson Neos,"Great game, fun story, awesome drinks.Good time all around."
76561197987763319,Recommended,447530,26015904,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pizza Pasta,Go and play this goddamn game.I don't even like visual novels and I fould myself putting 30 Hours into the game.Story had me hooked.Character designed are amazing.The main character actually has personality...Just get the damn game.
,Recommended,447530,23708121,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tesla,This game made me pick up drinking as a hobby.
,Recommended,447530,24581780,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Shirnosai,"I love this game, i dont play much VN because most are clicking till you fall asleep, but this one is different. First about the atmosphere. Its Feels cybersteampunky just like the title describes. The Ost also help giving those vibes and are by far my favorite game OST this year. And the thing i enjoy the most of this game is the characters are well written they feel like you really met them and had a conversation with them, and you can feel with how much love this game was made and effort. a well deserved 10/10."
,Recommended,447530,24582746,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Goldfish Assassin,10/10 would get a loli robot sexworker ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d again.
76561197992434924,Recommended,447530,24588841,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,/> weltall,QT3.14 waifusCyberpunk stories and hard liquorI think I accidently also served hard liquor to a minor.5/7. would play again
76561198186179286,Recommended,447530,24541948,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,the legendary voring griffin,"I love this game. If you like story based games, please try this one. I loved all the characters, and they do an excellent job of integrating gameplay in a unique way. The art is beautiful, the sound track as well, and theres not enough good things I can say. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,447530,24602027,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kakashi,11/10 would discuss random sh*t with customers again.
76561198064300474,Recommended,447530,24621389,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rags,"Even if you only play in short sessions, this game will grab you and pull you into a relaxed but very intruiging world of cyber-punk goodness"
76561198055788844,Recommended,447530,24620094,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Densetsu,"Like the eponymous bar the game takes place in, this is a game that's flying under most people's radars, but is highly deserving of a look, if you're a certain kind of person.Make no mistake, by and large, this game resembles a visual novel; it emphasizes writing and aesthetics, and goes so far as to do away with dialogue choices, long seen as a staple of interactivity in an otherwise linear genre. But don't take that to mean that this game has no element of non-linearity or choice - merely that it resides in mechanics which aren't usually seen that way. The gameplay is not meant to be challenging, but the writing is stimulating and compelling in ways rarely seen in this medium. Anime fans will savor the references, which can get mind numbingly obscure and are often gut-bustingly funny. Fans of story will find characters with an uncanny balance of quirks, flaws, hopes and stand-out moments that stick with you. An incredible amount of care was put into the environments and people that you meet here.There are people who won't enjoy this game - anyone who's turned off my the anime aesthetic, or anyone looking for more cyberpunk action than cyberpunk bartending. But for those looking for a story they hadn't heard before, this is a diamond in the rough. It's about 10 hours, it has replay value and a good amount of secrets, and most importantly, it's got a personality all its own. Recommend."
,Recommended,447530,24563659,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DOG TROUBLE,"Exactly what it sounds like. Maybe not ""action."""
,Recommended,447530,24608912,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Dragoon,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jnD6dF0u_sVA-11 Hall-A cyberpunk bartending game that feels like a slice of life visual novel with many elements to the Snatcher or even Policenauts series.The player takes the role of Jill, a common bartender employee of Valhala, serving drinks to random customers who come in and share their lives and give detail on what is going on in Glitch City. Expect a intresting, believable cast and soundtrack to fit the games atmosphere.Best enjoyed along with some beverages."
,Recommended,447530,24626970,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,CarpCarp,"VA-11 Hall-A... The game that gets you thinking, toss your clients drinks, and make you regret serving dogs drinks ever again. 10/10 would get comfy again."
,Recommended,447530,27624738,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flower Face,"This game is exceptionally written, with a soothing atmosphere. Its characters are memorable, and the art is beautiful, and will still look good in years to come. Its soundtrack is amazing, as it's one of the only games that made me listen to the songs and find out my favorites before setting up the jukebox. Overall it would be one of my favorite and most memorable games of the year"
76561198018564413,Recommended,447530,27666036,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jomaley,"Who knew that mixing drinks could be so entertaining.I brought this on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised by the experience.Love the soundtrack and the humor too."
,Recommended,447530,26675014,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Emonite,"I'm not really into VN but this one just hooks me in so good that I actually bother to get all the achievements.The presentation is just so...good. The whole intermission when not in Valhalla is actually better than the gameplay section itself, from talking with customers during break to Jill and her boss drinking beers are a nice break. The music are actually so nice and fit the atmosphere of the game.The characters are really interesting as you can get different dialogs and context from them depending on what drinks you serve to them. Yep, serving the wrong drink sometimes can actually be better though you won't get the flawless bonus.I'm not one to write reviews so I don't really know how to write one properly but wanted to do so in memory of this game. Please make a sequel soon, thanks Sukeban Games."
76561198014749898,Recommended,447530,27687339,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nuka-Cola,Give it a try. You will love it.
,Recommended,447530,26758270,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bena,"I have to say, what a beautiful-inspiring game. I've never seen a game-universe that make me feel so comfy and, at the same time, interested in what's next. Even when I'm not the visual-novel-gamer type, this piece of art made me spend 20+ hours just reading dialogues and mixing drinks, no matter if I was actually studying to exams. Yeah, maybe the nostalgia of memes, Japanese culture and Reddit references have a great part of responsibility, but the dramatic plot-twist at half-game doesn't glow about that stuff."
76561198068023074,Recommended,447530,27689691,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,William,Game of the year hands down
76561198080353028,Recommended,447530,27677710,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[CKS]TrAGiCStoRy,This game is really a must play.
76561198042481206,Recommended,447530,27673663,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cyn,"The amount of effort put into the setting and atmosphere into this simple game is amazing.The narrative is easy to get completely immersed in, and if you can drink alcohol while playing... Do so. The game is like drinking with old friends."
,Recommended,447530,27708721,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ZSyx,"One of the few games i can enjoy while im drinking. the story catch me, and the characters are fantastic. i loved it how you can learn the behavior of the characters Jill is a Beautiful and smart girl, i love her so much. this game has a special clasification in my personal library, for moments i want to chill in the night and grab some beer."
76561198119655048,Recommended,447530,27604166,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,L-Gregor,"Best dialogue i've seen in a game, every character feels real, and you can just sit back and relax while playing."
76561197977081334,Recommended,447530,27662275,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Phobos,"Very cool game with a wonderfully weird story, that is really held together with a mesmerizing soundtrack (some of the tracks I enjoy listening to outside of the game). Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,447530,27661248,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Maavi,If your at all intrested in cyberpunk this is for you. Not only is the writing and visual art style unique in of itself. I has slight nods to popular cyberpunk culture. The soundtrack is also amazing its purfect for the bartender setting.Highly recomended :3
,Recommended,447530,27674918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,「ｆｕｔｓｕｕ」,"I've written an 11-page essay about how this game perfectly role-plays as a good drink we need after a long day, but it got lost somewhere in a cyberpunk dream.Not the best way to explain this game, but I nominated this game in a category I named the ""All I Wanted Today is a Cold Beer and/or Hot Tea"" award -- the only deserving nominee and the only deserving winner.Man, I want to treat the marvelous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who make this game to all the in-game drinks.(p/s: I'd also like to nominate Jill as best spirit animal)"
76561197963971300,Recommended,447530,27785023,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Positive Entrapment,Wonderful characters. Entertaining writing. Loveable art. 100% comfy.
76561198055552863,Recommended,447530,27851055,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moenia,"In my opinion, VA-11 Hall-A is a complete package. It has new and unusual gameplay, which works very well, the dialogue and characters are interesting and well written and the soundtrack is out of this world. I whole-heartedly recommend VA-11 Hall-A."
76561198042800648,Recommended,447530,27849256,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Minawen,Great story with an amazing soundtrack. One of the best games I've played all year.
,Recommended,447530,27894224,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Koala,"I must say, it's the best visual novels I've played. The game mix a simple and entertaining gameplay with an amazing story. I've loved everything about the game. I could go on saying how amazing I think the game is, the art, the soundtrack, the fanart, and so on.The game is a visual novel, so if you don't like visual novels, this isn't a game for you."
,Recommended,447530,27776773,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Type 90,"It's shocking to see how many visual novels seem to think they can get by with terrible writing as long as they slap a bunch of anime tiddies all over the screen. VA-11 Hall-A on the other hand, actually gets what it means to be a good visual novel, fantastic writing, interesting characters, and a thoroughly well-realized and engrossing setting.The story is that you’re a 27-year-old woman named Jill who works at a bar so she can afford rent for the month, and that’s about it. There is a story going on behind the scenes that you take an extremely passive role in. But rather than be interested in that story, I found myself far more invested in how that background story effected the people I met on the job. And that’s sort of the theme here, it’s all about the little people and how they’re effected by all the larger things in the world that they can’t control.You start every new day in your apartment where you can check the news, and other sites on your phone, as well as customize parts of your room later on. You can also visit a store to buy random items to keep yourself from getting distracted at work. But the real meat of this part of the game are the news sites and message boards which provide flavour text and lore about the world around you. It’s all very well written and entertaining to read, and Jill’s commentary on everything provides some character development on her part.The bulk of the game is spent working the bar. First you set the music, all of which is incredibly good and excels in strengthening the atmosphere of the game. The only issue with this step is that the method for previewing the music is a little clunky, at least until you memorize your favourite songs. Once that’s done the customers start coming in. They range drastically in character from disgruntled newspaper employees to hyperactive sex robots to wannabe batman villains giving out cryptic drink orders just to screw with you. What really surprised me was how three dimensional the vast majority of the cast is. There are no one-note characters (save for an easter egg or two). They all have they’re own views, goals, and well-defined personalities. There isn’t any great mystery to unravel or ultimate end goal, save for paying your rent, so these interactions are all that keeps you motivated to play, and thankfully Va-11 Hall-A’s myriad characters kept me coming back just to see who would walk through that door next.Mixing drinks is simple in that you pick a drink from a big recipe list that you can sort by name, flavour, etc, and then throw the specified ingredients into a mixer. Serving the correct drinks is what determines how characters interact with you for the most part. Serving clients what they want will make them like you and potentially unlock new dialogue, backstories and endings. In some cases, this means remembering what a client’s favourite drink is several days after they first mentioned it. You can also get characters drunk which changes the dialogue, or in some cases makes them leave earlier if they can’t handle their booze. After all that, you get paid and go back home. Your pay is determined by how many correct orders you got, and you get a special bonus for no wrong orders.Save for a few minor breaks in that formula, that's pretty much all you do, but since every single encounter is loaded to the brim with personality and great writing, it never manages to get tiring. In fact, it managed to keep me riveted despite how every day is more or less the same, gameplay wise.In terms of style, while it still follows an anime aesthetic its distinctly different from all the indistinguishable moe clones that plague the industry, going for a more retro-anime look. That mixed with great character designs across the board makes for a real visual treat. Of course the music, as mentioned earlier, just enhances the whole experience.Overall this game is a shining example of the genre and I can’t recommend it enough. If you consider yourself a fan of visual novels, then this is a must-play. If you’ve never tried one before, and maybe even if you’ve disliked them in the past, this is a great place to start."
,Recommended,447530,27764947,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JayOrDan,An enjoyable story filled with quirky characters and A LOT of bartending fun.
,Recommended,447530,27793515,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tenryuu,Drunk waifus
,Recommended,447530,26492294,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,cone,literally the best game ive ever played
76561198057970591,Recommended,447530,26494051,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Takkun,"I don't think I've ever played a game like this before. It's a visual novel and a drink em up coupled with a god tier soundtrack. The writing is great for all the characters making them relatable, funny and unique. Sometimes even heartbreaking. I went in with zero expectations and all I found was:MAXIMUMCOMFYTHRUSTERSACTIVATED"
,Recommended,447530,26487358,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Buizy,"I'm not one to play a visual novel esque game like this, and i'm not quite sure why i bought this game. I will admit though that this game has some of the best story driven settings i've seen in quite some time.Your a bartender working at a bar named ""Valhalla"", A chain of bars you can find in the city, much like a fast food chain. From this bar you prepare drinks for your customers. Depending on what type of drink you serve, it will open up interesting conversation topics. The music in this game is wonderful (If the option existed, i would put down some money for the soundtrack) and the artstyle i adore completly.I would definitelly recommend this game."
,Recommended,447530,26468164,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ToadyBogard,"I gotta thank someone I follow on Twitter playing this game, getting me interested in it.Alright, lemme just say I'm more into arcade/action games, like I'll play the occassional VN, but rarely do I dabble into other genres. Then comes along Va-11 Hall-A, a game that combines a story with mixing drinks for the patrons that enter the bar; Also you fill their requests, which range from giving them a beer or a Piano Woman to something with 17 ingredients or something classy.Seriously, give the game a whirl and see if it sticks with you, and also: Press K, I, O, L, and P."
,Recommended,447530,26380696,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Pastor,"Great Game, nice story telling and writing. Also funny and fun."
,Recommended,447530,26848814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,おととい来い,Best game i ever played
,Recommended,447530,26784529,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Farstic,underrated....
,Recommended,447530,26784878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rhyko,"An empowering experience that taught me some new things about life from a new perspective of it. But to be honest, it was really an incredibly enjoyable story with fun and believable characters. Try it out if you like visual novels, and you don't need to like bartending to enjoy it either!"
,Recommended,447530,26856239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dotdotdot,Waifus and alcohol. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,447530,26855482,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schwayguy,mix drinks and look at anime cutiesits comfy too
,Recommended,447530,26859429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Strife,"Every single character is top waifu material!You won't find anyone trash as you will want to marry every character!This is the best game that made me feel something that I rarely feel, Interest.This was a blind purchase , I don't regret  AND SO WON'T YOU!!!"
,Recommended,447530,26862187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bitch™,rad dogs and drinking with your boss / 10
,Recommended,447530,27153578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magikarp is our Lord and Savior,"pretty good, would make catgirls drunk again"
,Recommended,447530,26979221,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Badgerlovk,Just play this game. Seriously.
,Recommended,447530,26977503,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mantra,"Comfy, great soundtrackGood for curling up in a blanket and having a good night"
,Recommended,447530,26975847,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sendo Kasai,Not much to say that the game wouldnt be able to say itself. I came into this game knowing that it was basically going to be an interactive book where you could do some cyberpunk bartending. I loved it and will probably play more to see every part the story has to offer. If you like story driven games and can get invested in a story then I would recommend this game a hundred times over.
76561198006175759,Recommended,447530,27005293,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NakedSnake,"This game was amazing, loved the story, the world was super original, the characters were interesting and the gameplay is simple but keeps you engaged with the story."
76561198081867417,Recommended,447530,30924335,Posted: 3 April,all,Swanky Pants,Don't really know what to say other than it's a great game. The price is well worth the game. Highly recommended
,Recommended,447530,26895961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OKIINU,"An amazing visual novel, coming from someone who hates visual novels."
,Recommended,447530,26898545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T᷇h̳e̻Pͣi͂c̅h̞,"Dana nominated for Best Boss, Sei for Best Girl"
,Recommended,447530,26899757,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,THE LLAMA KING,"A game that has one of the weirdest premises ever, and yet somehow is the most impactful game I have ever played. Changes the way I handle social interactions. If you think it's weird that a game changed my social life for the better, you would be correct"
,Recommended,447530,30057318,Posted: 20 February,all,CHENG XIAO IS BEST GIRL,"After clocking in about 60 hours into this game, all I can say is that strays from the conventional VN recipe whch involves dialogue choices and alot more. You just read the text and the more you play, the more you get to know every single one of the characters.Dorothy is weird af but she can be really uplifting whenever Jill needs it. Alma gives you insights on what can rushing things too quickly will do to you. Sei's story sheds light on alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥ like underappreciated work, being afraid while in the line of duty, and alot more PTSD-inducing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stella's the same too, but it focuses more on discrimination and other social ""norms"" that seem a little bit like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Gil has that messy backgound of gettiing involved with alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥(and if this may become future DLC, i'll gladly pay for it. I love this game), and last but not least, Dana has alot of stuff on her plate, and still has that aura of mystery, even when you know something about her.These kinds of characters really just spice up the whole game, and just replaying it for the sake of achievement-hunting or seeing all the possible endings just makes it better. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game so much. Sukeban Games, keep doing what you do. This game made me feel alot of feelings, and I'm glad to spend so much time in it.10/10 this game deserves all the praise it gets. And the Akira and Lou Bega references are top-notch."
,Recommended,447530,26918592,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,immyneedscake,"Didn't expect much from the description, but it was on sale so why not? Turns out to be one of the most engaging, laid-back 'games' I have come accross. Make a burger, grab a drink, and sink a few hours!"
,Recommended,447530,26926957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Greed,Best game to play when relaxing.
76561198062661580,Recommended,447530,26932684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,greerbiggie,AMAZING GAME!!! very unique and interesting story and characters that will leave you tearing up and wishing for it to never end.
,Recommended,447530,26958085,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,deeravengertn,Get that corgi with the cool shades another drink
76561198141321926,Recommended,447530,25834908,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Habbelius,"I had a realy hard time completing this game, just because it was so good i didn't want it to end. I only allowed myself to play for an hour or two at a time. It's truly a masterpiece. The best story in a game so far, I have yet to come by another game/movie or book to beat this game. It's something about the ideá of the storytelling way of the game. IMO if you are considering this game you should buy it right now. The replay value isn't great, it's like watching a movie a second time, it won't be as good as the first time but still. I'd say you could get around 12-4 hours of gameplay if you don't rush it.tl;dr Money well spent, whens the followup coming?"
,Recommended,447530,25716849,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Mr Tattiebojangles,"It is a fairly linear visual novel, and the gameplay is slightly lacking. However, for atmosphere, story, characterisation and an awesome OST you could do waaaaaay worse.No agenda's, no stances, no half baked politics-just a good comfy bar tending sim.Send me over a Gut Punch, will ya?"
76561198083858659,Recommended,447530,25816133,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kynata,"I personally enjoyed spending $14.99 on this game. I'm no game critic but this is what I have to say for the gameVA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a game best played relaxed and tuned. The game is all about story, so if you're in to a bunch of dialogue with great characters, this game is just for you. Oh and the characters. All I really have to say about them is that Sukeban Games did an amazing job with characterization. Then again, I'm no critic and this is all coming from my opinion. I suck at backing these types of things up and I'm pretty lazy to even try. I gotta say, this game got me more times than the price in buying the game. (Idk if that statement helps, but I stand with my opinion of Va-11 Hall-A being a really relaxing and enjoyable game)Congrats to chara John (totally forgot his name)for getting laid (one of my favorite parts of the game)"
76561198134602711,Recommended,447530,25786286,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BattleDucky,One of the finest games of 2016.Time to mix drinks and change lives.
,Recommended,447530,25809109,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,leo,"This game is really good. If you are tired from generic AAA games or the same ol'indie stuff, VA-11 Hall-A is exactly what you need.The gameplay is really easy, but you need to pay attention to the dialogues, give your customers the right drink and after the end of the week pay the bills.In this game you'll find different types of characters with their own likes and dislikes, and, after giving them the right drinks, you should know more about them and discover more about their histories.I've played 32 hours of VA-11 Hall-A and got all the endings, all the achievements, and, hopefully, all the characters dialogues. VA-11 Hall-A is one of the bests games I played this year, and I recommend it for everyone.OH! And I almost forgot to tell the best part of this game: IT HAS REALLY GOOD WAIFUS. Don't forget about that >.>"
,Recommended,447530,25801718,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mysterious Cat of Memes,Electric Six created a song about it.
,Recommended,447530,25506347,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Bonesaws,"This game actually feels like it was made for me.Cool cyberpunk world, refrences to Gundam, WWE and ♥♥♥♥♥. And not to forget the unique and organic way its branching storyline is offered.100% you should pick up this game."
,Recommended,447530,25454753,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,thainen,"VA-11 Hall-A resembles a 80s cyberpunk anime like Dominion Tank Police: it has cute characters who have hilarious conversations on screen, but the bleakness of the world they live in is always looming, and the story itself is ultimately tragic. Today you trade jokes with a sweet big-eyed girl, tomorrow you go to sleep in the bar, afraid to go outside, listening to the shooting on the streets, where a civil riot rages, wondering if she's even still alive.The story takes place in a hellhole of a city, populated with all kinds of weird people: cyborgs, hackers, journalists, sentient dogs, assassins, private cops, sex workers, bloggers, mutants... Each one has their own personal story, their own perspective on the ongoing events. Each one needs someone to listen while pouring them synthetic drinks. That's where your character comes in: a nerdy bisexual bartender with her own issues that she's not eager to share -- even with the player.This is a cyberpunk story that features all hallmarks of the genre -- some shooting, some hacking, some sex -- but you won't see any of it on screen. Instead you will talk with all kinds of people, learning about the ongoing events from various perspectives and affecting them ever so slightly, one drink at a time. This is your only way to affect the story: while it has several ending, you never get to choose what to say -- only what to mix.Brilliantly written, funny and tragic, childish and mature at the same time, this is one of the best visual novels I've ever read."
,Recommended,447530,25461556,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Vale,"Everything about this game is just perfect, except the part where they're not real."
,Recommended,447530,25483056,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,embraceternity,"Really well-written characters with fleshed out pasts make for a really engaging and interesting game! Getting to know the different characters is fascinating, and engrossed me the entire way. There are hilarious moments, sad moments, and some gut-punching moments.The drink mechanic is also really fun on its own, and it was always interesting to see how what drink you picked could alter the story in small ways. For example, in my second play through I gave Ingram sweet drinks instead of the manly drinks he kept asking for...and the conversation shifted from my first play through because of that into a /very/ eye-opening and emotional conversation that made me understand and respect Ingram as a character all the more. Highly recommend playing this game and messing around with the drink mechanic to see what you can do yourselves!"
,Recommended,447530,25475591,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Panda,Easily the best dystopian cyberpunk bisexual bartending waifu simulator to come out this fiscal quarter.
,Recommended,447530,24309716,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,made in heaven,"Not for everyone, that's for sure. But if you find the concept interesting, you'll probably have fun with the gameplay and conversations. Even if the main character does not appeal to me very much, I always look forward to the other guys and gals that visit the bar. This game just seems like the devs put a lot of effort into it, you can feel that passion of those Venezuelian angels in just about every part of the game.I would say you should check it out, if possible start with the demo, since it's free and also the way I got into the game. I spent so little time with the demo that I tought I would forget all about it when the real game came out, but good experiences usually stay with you, don't they?"
76561198146694872,Recommended,447530,25610304,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,GraphiteAnt,BUY IT OH GOD ITS BRILLIANT AARRGGHHHHH
76561198126058218,Recommended,447530,27440774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cum Dump ;(,Got to make a girl drunk and get late and fired from her job.Amazing game.
76561198051483776,Recommended,447530,27432686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,16 and pregnant,"It's so relaxing and fun, much chill"
76561198050024689,Recommended,447530,27469222,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cookie,:D
,Recommended,447530,27109918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bilbotubbo,This game was awesome :)
,Recommended,447530,27440181,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kanji,Pretty good a different take to the usual VN. VA-11 Hall-A or Vallhalla kept me going and going to know more and delve into the story. Pretty good choice and would definitely push this to others to try it.
76561198024560643,Recommended,447530,27421765,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThatGuyUKnow,"VA-11 Hall-A, Valhalla, is a relaxing jaunt through a cyberpunk dystopian setting. That's right, I just used cyberpunk, dystopian, and relaxing in the same sentence and I'm not even being sarcastic. This is the type of game that you sit down to play while snacking on delicious treats, drinking a nice warm up of tea (or whatever you fancy), and just enjoying the slice-of-life visual novel about a bartender, Jill, working in a soon-to-close bar in a city rife with troubles happening in the background. This is a game where you play as the character that would normally be the NPC in most other games serving drinks to a cast of interesting people, many of whom could probably be the protagonists of their own games.The gameplay is simple and easy to learn, all you do is mix drinks and change lives. Customers order drinks, you mix together all the necessary ingredients, and listen to them talk. Each character has their own preference of drinks, you the astute player is able to pick up on and learn, which helps when a customer asks for a drink using a vague description that you have to figure out yourself rather than just telling you what they want. The conversations the characters talk about are diverse, interesting, and humorous, with conversations ranging from social commentary, philosophy, crime, technology, politics, science, the sex industry, and more. I found myself deep in thought concerning some of the heavy concepts the game so casually comments on, making it a rather intellectually engaging game. The characters are all interesting and fleshed out, each with their own views and ways of speaking. It's subtle, but you can influence the dialogue through the drinks that you give the customers.Aside from the bartending gameplay, there is also a collecting aspect to the game. You can buy items for your apartment everyday before going to work, spending money you earn from bartending. Occassionally, JIll will want to buy certain items, which influence how focused she is during work.The game has a terrific soundtrack reminiscent of synthwave and other retro electronic genres of music. The music adds to the relaxing atmopshere of the game, and you get to select which tracks play throughout Jill's workday, allowing you to get familiar with the soundtrack.Overall, I highly recommend playing this game--it's a nice game to unwind and relax to after a long day of work or school. I look forward to whatever game Sukeban Games makes next."
,Recommended,447530,27460461,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rowin Dincht,"This has to be one of the most easiest game's I've ever played.  While I haven't spent alot of time on this game, it primarily focuses on mixing drinks, and talking to the patron's that come in.  It even gives off that old retro feel in more depth when you activate scanlines.  The music track is relaxing and enjoyable and the game as a whole reminds me alot of Snatchers on Sega CD or Bubblegum Crash on PC Engine.  I would highly recommend this game for anyone who just wants to sitback, and relax.  But be warned, you might develop a nasty itch to start mixing your own drinks."
76561198071147844,Recommended,447530,27398619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kauzurjin,"It's worth the $14.99, just buy it."
76561197982670528,Recommended,447530,27365109,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SlimeMan,extremely charming and relaxing
,Recommended,447530,27365769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BiggNife,"I'm not one for visual novels, but I really enjoyed this one. The Sega-CD cyberpunk aesthetic is spot on, the characters are all likable, and the the writing is mostly pretty good, outside of a couple groan worthy references. I really like the idea of a story from the perspective of a bartender, and the main story arc deals with loss and regret in a way I found pretty relatable. Definitely recommended if you're a sucker for 90s-style cyberpunk like I am."
,Recommended,447530,27419488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Diceykins,Dorothy is best loli robot sex worker waifu.
,Recommended,447530,27450334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jim Carrey has chlamydia,It's relaxing with its chill soundtrack and has not an amazing story but it's a story that engages you to think about your values (well it did for me).
,Recommended,447530,24792098,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,diogames,Cyberpunk done right
,Recommended,447530,24818504,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,PresidentSenpai,This game is everything i wanted out of a bartending simulator that i never asked for.
,Recommended,447530,24754401,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Calibur,Loved this game all the characters are interesting and the story is great.
,Recommended,447530,24772469,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,thebeardedmen,"Amazing visuals and sountrack, very relaxing gameplay, compelling story, characters and writing. Great game! If, like me, the theme, style and mood strikes your fancy, do yourself a favor and buy it!"
,Recommended,447530,30844338,Posted: 30 March,all,Rem2live,You get to serve drinks and chage lifes.Pretty good.
,Recommended,447530,24842068,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hildeberht Haze,"This game has amazing art, characters, music and humour. There's so much more to this game behind the already cool concept.The way you interact with characters can really change what you think about them and how much you find out about them, and the development and endings for each character are extremely satisfying. I was constantly interested in each person's past as I served them them certain drinks. Everyone is a real person with their own problems, interests and backstories, and they don't feel corny or boring in the slightest.The setting is amazing and really paints the picture of a City that with its own issues outside of the bar.Easily one of the best games I've played, and I don't even like visual novels all that much.Games with this much ambition deserve to be supported to no end. I can't wait for your next game Sukeban!If you're still not convinced, guys. Waifu Bartending. C'mon.P.S God bless your soul with Model Warrior Julianne :,) (Gonna go see if I can buy the soundtrack now :D)"
,Recommended,447530,24834101,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,VinnyMint,It's such a simple game but it truly dragged me into the story and life within VA-11 HALL-A. I felt as if I've fallen in love with certain characters. The stories and life outside the bar felt real to me even though I've never seen it before. It's truly amazing how much this game can make me feel so immersed without ever showing me anything that lies outside of that bar.
,Recommended,447530,24867903,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RedMage13,"Usually im not one to make a reveiw after playing a game, because I just can't find the words. This game I have only done one playthrough of, I just finished that as of now. This game has character and story that made me laugh, made me cry, and made me love every second of the game. My biggest regret is not buying it earlier until I saw it on sale. This game is indead worth its asking price, make no mistake. I'm not telling you you ""have to buy it now"", I dont wanna be that guy. I loved the game. because I was interested in it for awhile. I dont know if you dislike Cyberpunk, Future-Dystopia, Obsure Refrences, Romance, or hell even a fan of Visual Novels or Anime. But if you do... This is the game for you."
76561198082003166,Recommended,447530,24871698,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Zulini,Looking forward to replaying the game and falling even deeper in love with the characters.
,Recommended,447530,24870524,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,KronosX3T,This book was a good read.10/10 would buy from amazon.
,Recommended,447530,25040065,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ᖴᗋᓿᖆᖻ ᘜᖆᕧᕩᘙ,"I don't write these often. I had to for this one. I loved this game. I don't think I've ever been so invested in a game's story ever. There isn't much in regards to gameplay, but there is a really in-depth, intense story. Worth every penny."
76561197999876965,Recommended,447530,25024943,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Alcedes,"A magical little story, about regular people trying to get by in a place that is anything but. The gameplay is light but fitting (you quickly get into the groove of bartending, and it paces nicely), the characters are charming and touching, and the writing is top notch.This is a game about little stories taking place inside a big city, and sometimes, those are the stories that matter most."
76561198051135004,Recommended,447530,24937703,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Pyrowolf,If you enjoy visual novels be sure to pick this one up.
,Recommended,447530,25041846,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Time Chicken,"Took me completely by surprise. Played this because it seemed quirky, but the writing of this game is truly fantastic. At some points it's hilarious, and at others it's tragic. The music is great and the pixel art complements the game really well. The gameplay is very simplistic, but in light of the other aspects I barely noticed. Came for the quirky, stayed for the story. 10/10"
,Recommended,447530,25021348,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Zooper31,"Amazing game so far. Story is enveloping and really makes you care about each character and there's enough bartending action to not make the game boring. Lots of reading and clicking but thats the nature of the ""visual novel"" genre, story is amazing enough to not make you care though at all. Only complaint is I wish the jukebox had a random option, having to pick 12 songs each time to play from the alrdy fantastice selection is sometimes a chore, I just wanna listen to it all, don't make me pick! Can't wait to see how this game ends. Too many waifus to pick my favorite..."
76561198119348750,Recommended,447530,30848829,Posted: 31 March,all,Plankthard,love it
,Recommended,447530,24979416,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,blaszek,"Man, what a game. I love visual novels with some unusual mechanics, but it's not just that - all the characters, humor, art style - effin awesome."
,Recommended,447530,25013648,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ididdie,Simply amazing. Great dialogue and characters.
,Recommended,447530,24985617,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Montgomery Boo-urns,"VA-11 Hall-A is, at this moment, probably my favorite VN of all time.Each character is super memorable with their own quirks and personalities. You feel like in the short span of the game you really get to know the characters.The main mechanic (the mixing drinks aspect of the game) feels super tight. There's room for error (though not as much for experimentation) and learnin how to make your regular's drinks feels very satisfying.It's not a perfect game. Trying to get all the endings can prove to be tedious (involving a lot of trial and error), but other than small things like that, it's a masterpiece.Do yourself a favor and buy VA-11 Hall-A."
76561198079755633,Recommended,447530,24985809,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Why so serios :),I cried at the end of the game D: this game is one of the best i have ever played in my life.
76561198152143687,Recommended,447530,30847497,Posted: 30 March,all,电竞慈禧旭东黄,"one of the BEST cyborpunk I have ever played !!!!!!it's filled with items and netas ,also the lovely illustrations attacted me,blessing the producers!!!!!(i'm waiting for the R18 manga,LOL"
,Recommended,447530,25015737,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Utsukimi Jerry,"I absolutely adore this game. VA-11 HALL-A : Cyberpunk Bartender Action came out of nowhere on my steam page when it first came out and I got very curious with what the game really is. What turned out to be the so called ""Waifu bartending"" ended up with something that is truly amazing.The storyline at first sounded very cliche at first but as the game progresses it gets more and more deep. The game exposes every single character's personality and how they are affected by the type of drinks they get is definitely great.The soundtrack. Oh my. I don't even have to explain it for too long. It's amazing. I loved a lot of the songs in the game and I even managed to get the soundtrack and started listening to it whenever I am driving around town.Go get some snacks and some drinks, and enjoy this game. It may be not for everyone but if you love reading and listening to awesome tracks, this is the game for you.I also have made a short and simple review on the game as well at the link below!https://youtu.be/PMAnUxI4E5c"
,Recommended,447530,27559573,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FunnySun The After Dinner Mint,A very story focused game however I quite enjoyed it and the concept around is quite interesting as well.
,Recommended,447530,27538942,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vinnie Vengeance,"Fun story-driven game about being a cyberpunk bartender.(Who'd have guessed.)Gameplay isn't very challenging (so far), but it's a lot of funto see stories unfold through conversations with patrons andmeet people you've heard about in the past."
,Recommended,447530,27361142,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~ZimZamSpaceJam~,"Comfy atmosphere, where you can live out your fantasies of being a bartender while secretly crushing on your amazing boss."
76561198017151941,Recommended,447530,23816492,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dkmariolink,"A great game if you like visual novels, main difference here is that you don't select choices, but rather serve drinks, and the drinks you serve act as choices and change the way the clients will tell their stories, which I might add, are all very interesting people. You will come across several waifus, if you're into that as well! I also highly recommend if you're into cyberpunk, 80's style fiction.Pros- Writing is good, no errors and very funny!- The music. Its. So. Good. I'm not lying. Look up some of the OST.- 8+ hour long story with multiple endings, including NG+- Gripping story line, you feel a connection will all of the clients, even if some of them are not so friendly.- Every character is unique, no repeat tropes like you find in many other VN's.- The art style is very unique, and fits the theme of the game to a tee.- The OST.Cons- A lot of the clients don't have ""endings"", only a certain few feel as if you closed off their arc, per say.- The things you buy don't have any purpose other than filling the room with clutter, other than a few times where you have to buy them to keep yourself from being distracted at work- There is no ""randomize"" button in the jukebox, so each time you start a new day or take a break, you have to manually select new songs. Sounds petty, but it gets very annoying the more you have to do it.The pros far outweigh the cons as you can tell, so yeah, this game is damn amazing imo.9/10"
76561198198835342,Recommended,447530,23786049,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Stoicism,"Whether you should buy this or not really depends on your needs.There is actually very little ""game"", its more of a visual novel. People talk at you, and you occasionally make them drinks. There's not even any dialogue choices (at least, so far)So why do I like it? The humour. This games writing makes me chuckle every few minutes and that's worth it. Sure, a lot of it's silly nonsense, but occasionally it will make an insightful poke at internet culture...... also, it makes you want to drink. Think I'll go later tonight..."
76561198020060931,Recommended,447530,23798206,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Windi,"This game is seriously almost perfect within its scope. The only negative to me is that the gameplay gets a bit repetitive, but I'm still replaying the game for all the endings. Definitely worth the full price even if you don't like visual novels in general (I don't)."
76561198046542197,Recommended,447530,24037650,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SpookyEzra,"Yes. Everything about it, just yes. Cute anime girls, amazing dialogue, a great soundtrack, and an overall incredibly-designed story and world. Play it and support the devs!"
,Recommended,447530,24029129,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Brojo,"Damn good game.  I ended up starting and finishing it in one day after getting hooked.It is a very text heavy game, but all of the conversations feel very natural and the characters are very well fleshed out and intersting to talk to.9/10.  Would reccomend"
,Recommended,447530,24011308,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pwncakeroflsauce,i finished this game in 1 session... 10 hours straight... couldnt muster the strenght and determination to do something else... my only regret is that i dont even know if there will be a sequel... i would gladly sell my own soul for a dlc or anything that could continue this wonderfull storybtw.. dont buy this game expecting to play a game or anything.. its just a wonderfull story filled with REALLY interessing characters.a little tip.. save your money for the late game... you will need it
,Recommended,447530,23893229,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dogi ( ﾟ ヮﾟ),"Good music, good characters, Alma best girl"
,Recommended,447530,23777185,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Soja,"I am only 90 minutes in.The writing and atmosphere have absolutely sold me on it. Gameplay-wise, mixing drinks is simple and a blast once you get it down, but that is all secondary to the main draw, which I believe is the way you learn more about not only the myriad of colorful personalities that walk (or get dragged) in through your door, but you—the main character, Jill—who is quite a mystery herself. Peppered throughout the conversations at the center of the game are little clues to your past and personality that just come up in conversations with the other characters; there are no dialogue choices like in other games of this genre, yet the organic feel of these conversations makes for a strangely compelling motivation to play. Nevertheless, it all drives the game forward.There is no twitch gameplay here; it's all there for you to take it at your own pace. The developers even add a small piece of advice about how to best enjoy the game they've created for us before you set off on your cyberpunk bartending career.If you're even a tiny bit on the fence about this game, just take the dive. $15 is nothing for the quality of writing and character building on show here, aspects of writing which this reviewer feels suffer quite a lot in the AAA-drenched market. If you care at all about cyberpunk milieus, interesting characters, simple but rewarding gameplay, and a little mystery, get this game PRONTO. You won't regret it."
76561198031203159,Recommended,447530,23775630,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zeliox,"If you like visual novels it is well worth the price. I found the story so far (four hours in) very engaging and entertaining.The only thing I can comment on that I don't like it that there seems to be very little choice in what you do. Perhaps it comes at a latter point though, I can't say.This is a very solid game all the same and at a very reasonable price and goes to help a small indie team in Venezuela."
76561198067607029,Recommended,447530,23775937,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Xray,9/10 great VN with good setting good chracters and good atmosphere. Feel like the drink making mini game could have been betterGil is a ♥♥♥♥boy
,Recommended,447530,23775998,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shine,"Fantastic game. While it seems like a railed visual novel, the choices you make via drinks is much more satisfying than simply picking dialogue options.Great music, great story, great art style.  Characters are varied and distinct.The gameplay is also of decent length. I'm not even finished with the story yet and it passed the point where I thought the game was going to end!Also the main character is super gay and it's fantastic.The only issues are some minor interface problems that are kind of inconvinient and annoying such as having to drag each ingredient into the shaker rather than just being able to click them."
76561198064661257,Recommended,447530,24211990,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Satanous,Such a unique atmosphere and interesting story. you will definelty be thinking about this game when you are bored. great characters and great game
,Recommended,447530,24213628,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CLOUD,"Firstly, I think describing this as anything 'waifu' related is selling it short.It's a cyberpunk visual novel with a simple bartending mini-game attached.You have very little influence over the story - you can serve the characters the drinks they want, the drinks they REALLY want or the drinks they definitely don't want with some dialogue variation. No relationship nonsense.The bartending is not difficult and could become boring - I'd recommend trying to spice this up yourself by memorising recipes etc.The story itself is great but not everything is spelled out - things are left unsaid, certain parts are only alluded to and some things come out of the blue and are never mentioned again. This actually works in the game's favour as long as you don't expect everything to be handed to you in a full, discrete package. Remember that the story started before you arrived and will go on after you leave.All in all, it's a relaxed, simple game that I would very much recommend."
76561198075119768,Recommended,447530,25337418,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Broham,"VA-11 Hall-A might not have a title that just rolls off the tounge but it DOES have an interesting and immersive setting, a compelling story, lovable characters, and absolutely gorgeous aesthetic. While it's not one of those lame text adventures where you do absolutely nothing but read... reading IS a large portion of this game, gameplay does take sort of a backseat here, and when it does pop up it's not intense or anything like that it's... interesting, I can't think of a better word for this game, it's INTERESTING. If you enjoy a relaxing game where you don't do much but enjoy a nice story and don't like playing a game where you do absolutely nothing this is for you. To be honest though I just bought it for theA E S T H E T I C."
,Recommended,447530,27590854,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ourymas,"This game has the coziest cyberpunk dystopia I've ever been a part of.Definitely for a niche audience, but worth a try."
,Recommended,447530,24747466,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Pacifist Fish,"I found this game by chance, I played it by choice.Honestly this game is amazing, it had characters that i honestly cared for and felt human.This game takes place in a bar called VA11-HALL-A where Jill works and interacts with people. Throught the game all you do is make drinks, yep that's it. But the reason it's good is its story with relatable characters and interactions that let you get to the them.Honestly if you are stressed and want a game to calm you down, play this."
,Recommended,447530,27573610,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reaper,"I love this game! It is slow and peaceful, you could play it for hours and not even notice. Every character you meet has a personality and back story, even characters that you only see once are memorable and have a fully fleshed out story behind them. This game perfectly simulates what it feels like to be a bartender at a little hidden bar in a big city. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good story, memorable characters, good jokes, and/or a game you could play for hours and not even care."
,Recommended,447530,27563638,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rain,"This game is incredible. The best writing for a visual novel Ive ever seen, extremely fun and memorable characters, amazing protagonist with great personality.Really, this game is top notch, just play it."
76561198201302085,Recommended,447530,30955289,Posted: 4 April,all,Knight of Lethe,One of the most addicting games I've played! The stories and characters are written extremely well. So much to read between the lines makes you want to keep replaying. Pretty much an interactive story but its a damn good story! The music! I can isten to this sound track all day.  I'd highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,447530,30954329,Posted: 4 April,all,Covfefe,"This game is a true masterpiece!! The soundtrack almost reminds me of PSO , but even better! Everything about this game is perfect!!!"
,Recommended,447530,27753476,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ghost,Makes me feel like I have friends.
76561198090955648,Recommended,447530,27737894,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,indiwaters,Best soundtrack. Fun mini game. Jill is amazing and has a heart of gold. Every character comes alive and it'll leave you wanting more play time. Surprisingly strong story and set in a cyberpunk future which is always a plus. I love this game!
76561198306187932,Recommended,447530,26758196,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,KGmegamo,"VA-11 Hall-A is a tricky game to classify, entirely because you can't really call it a game. It's one of those titles you would call an 'experience', rather than a common game. In that way it's like Journey and Absu, but it leans more towards the countless visual novels in existance. If you're looking for stellar gameplay that will keep you hooked and entertained for hours, keep looking because you aren't going to find it here. However, if you are even slightly interested in anything involving story or characters, VA-11 Hall-A is worth it's measly 15 dollar price tag three times over.All of the characters in VA - 11 Hall-A have beautiful personalities that blend and interact with each other in interesting ways. All of them. Every character is consistent and acts believably throughout the game, and you will identify with at least one of them, guaranteed. This isn't hurt by the fact that there are 17 characters that you will see on your first playthrough alone.The common theme with the cast of VA - 11 Hall-A is that they're all believable. They're normal people doing what normal people do, and that's the beauty of it. It's almost like Sukeban Games put this rag-tag bunch into a dystopian future and just let them live their everyday lives. The complex interactions that ensue make for one of the best character studies that I've ever experienced.The attention to detail in the world is riduculous. You read news stories, and see the effects of those stories on the characters and the environment. They could have just as easily been dull, uninteresting flavour texts. Unspoken inflation and an economic downturn have made prices on everything skyrocket, from the drinks you serve, to the rent you have to pay for the apartement you live in, that you can customize using a camouflage device that is also used to hide guns by making them invisible. You hear about the invisible gun story through the news, and the cycle repeats itself.The bottom line is that VA - 11 Hall-A has a good story. If you appreciate story then there is something here to cherish for hours. As an avid writer myself, I look at examples in VA - 11 Hall-A to find ways to create good characters, explain their motives and to tell their stories in interesting ways.Just play the damn game. You won't have any regrets about it.- KG"
,Recommended,447530,27432913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark,"Oh boy,OH BOY!As the greasy, ""500 times a day"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am, I may proudly present to you: VA-11 Hall-ABrought to you by a small Team of Venezuelan basement dwellers.A Visual Novel where you mix Drinks and serve to customers which, most of the times, just happen to be some cute Anime Girls.Despite being a Visual Novel, there are no Dialog options, the Ending you get will be determined by how wellyou've served some of the regulars and wether you were able to pay all the bills or not.""But is serving Drinks really all you do? That sounds kind of boring."" you may ask (and state).Serving Drinks is indeed all you do BUT along with the story and the amazing Soundtrack, you can't help but to appreciate all the love and seminal fluid that went into the making of this game.About the story:Have a seat ye lil' brat and let me tell you Tale about an Anime girl working as Bartender.""But I don't want to hear your weeb stories Grandpa, they're always so weird and you always touch me.""Your Mother alwas said the same before she got pregnant with you, now SIT DOWN YOU WASTE OF OXYGEN!*clears throat*Jill (that's you, you piece of sh!t) is a normal everyday girl in a big Cyberpunk city, working the late hours of the day, meeting sometimes ominous and sometimes cheerful characters through her underpaid and pretty dull Job. Despite all of this, Jill really likes what she is doing. Accompanied by her single Co-worker ""Jack-Face"" and her Boss &quot♥♥♥♥♥stained Hair""  (which you'll never see working) she tries to make her life less miserable by serving watered-down drinks to people. Even though this Pub is just as dirty as your average ""Anime-Lover's"" room, it still gets regulars including the Glasses wearing ""Bait Girl"" and the lovely ""literally every Anime Idol ever with a hint of pedophilia"". The story starts slow and gets heavier by the Minute (especially close to the ending) but somehow manages to keep everything relaxed and you in suspense, eagerly awaiting the next shift.Gay-play:As mentioned above, you serve drinks and click your way through dialog.You get a very nice Hud that is filled with all the ingredients you need for your drinks.Regarding failure (may it be a drink you messed up or your life up until now) the game is rather forgiving as you cannot serve drinks that were made with the wrong amount if an ingredient or wrong ingredients overall. Youcanhowever serve a completely different drink from what the customer ordered which will result in a decline of Bonus Money on your Paycheck at the end of the day (and possibly your customer being angry).SoundtrackThe soundtrack could be described as ""overly-fitting"", for the ""Bit-like"" music really goes well with the Cyberpunksetting.Overall ImpressionIt's short and it's sweet (like a really good ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).A good story mixed with lovely characters, a fantastic soundtrack and wonderful Art-style.For a Team this small, one could only reckon this to be a huge project which, to be fair, turned out nicely.Would you recommend this game to the lonely loser I am?[b/]This game is probably going to be the pinnacle of your boring and unsuccesful life, so yeah, I would."
,Recommended,447530,27739197,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jay,"""Time to mix drinks and change lives"". That's what you do in VA-11 Hall-A.One of the best visual novel complete with a great soundtrack. It is a cyberpunk story you should play/read/listen if you are a fan of the genre."
76561197999809551,Recommended,447530,27732751,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Useless,"Played 2hrs straight -- ended up with a glass of rum. Thanks, Jill!"
,Recommended,447530,27549772,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coda Soliz,"great game, especially if you're looking for games with good lgbt+ representation"
,Recommended,447530,27549897,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jak151,Played this again after a long time. still so good.
,Recommended,447530,27553198,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bipedal,"VA-11 Hall-A, or as my 5yo calls it, ""Where you read and make drinks."" No real challenge, just a comfy, polished ride through a good story. Also the best music ever."
76561198049359292,Recommended,447530,26638524,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Capain Robert,Damn what a game.  Highly recommend.  What a beautiful story.
,Recommended,447530,26638655,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,El Tigre,"This is a VN for people who like Seinfeld references, Simpsons jokes, and just a really nice story. Only problem was I wanted more, and that's a triumph as well. Great music, great art, consistently funny and builds a really nice world.You'd have to have a heart of stone not to like this."
,Recommended,447530,26639697,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Improbable,"I first got into this game after three shots of Cuervo Gold and an extremely traumatic event, and the most relaxing experience I've ever had from a game got me through the worst of it. This game has truly earned a special place in my heart. It took me about 30 hours to realize that this is actually a dating sim, by which point I had already fallen in love with the main characters. Even the side characters built for you to hate grow on you. The worldbuilding and dialouge is fascinating and the machanics are just complex enough to keep you paying attention without stressing you out. I forsee many hours of enjoyment from this, and I just have to say to it's creator: Thank you."
76561198035772225,Recommended,447530,26626465,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DailiLama,good
,Recommended,447530,26626971,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,=WnA= Novenix,To be honest this game wasn't what I was expecting (Boobs♥♥♥♥♥♥ect)This game had character with real-life scenarios and made the experience very realistic.Didn't expect this by a longshot 9/10
,Recommended,447530,26603214,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Radioactive,"This visual novel definitely has a lot of good writing.Also, the artwork is nice and the soundtrack is great."
,Recommended,447530,26596846,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,PokeyStick,"Maximum comfy.What a good indie title shoud be: a niche game that does one thing flawlessly.Art is pretty great. I can't believe that one game can havethis much good music.Decidedly not for kids. Probably not for normal people either. Sometimes shocking dialog.Occasional, fairly un-intrusive references. For best results,lurk /v/ and /a/ for about 8 years before playing.The game world is remarkably fleshed-out. You basically only see the game world through the people who wander through the bar, but it feels like it's there and it's real.If you're the target audience, this game is likely a solid 10/10."
76561198024168202,Recommended,447530,26557342,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,sidΞWay,"Fenomenal.The only thing that stops me from giving it a full 10/10 is the fact that there is no romance story line for the main character. But then again, you're just a humble bartender, listening to other people problems and trying to solve them and sell a few drinks along the way to pay your rent.Oh, and the music is  just amazing."
76561198082564297,Recommended,447530,26549901,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,giesel.henrik,"Great game,only thing that sucks is that once you complete it the first time, it's a pain in the butt to get the remaining endings"
,Recommended,447530,26488146,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Auriga_Nexus,"Take 3 parts dystopian sci-fi, 2 parts real life, 1 part anime/otaku culture, 1 part Internet culture, 1 part transhumanist philosophy, add believeable characters, witty dialogue, some sex jokes and a sprinkle of fourth-wall cracks. Shake well, serve on the rocks while a techno-trance remix of ""The Bartender Song"" plays on the jukebox.10/10 would drown my sorrows at VA-11-HALL-A again.I'm not even a visual novel guy, but I would pay full price for this game."
,Recommended,447530,26539007,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jujubeez,its good
76561197980128806,Recommended,447530,26754823,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Iodine,You know those games which you're sad to see the back off.This is one of those.Buy it. Love it. Support the Dorothinquisition.
76561198107562462,Recommended,447530,28522037,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,April Paradizo,"What can I say?Best visual novel game of the year!I don't want to spoil it, but this game is quite relatable. You have ample opportunities to interact with customers in a somewhat unique way (how a bartender would). However, there are moments when your feels will get crushed as the story progresses.10/10 would recommend this game to anyone looking to play a game and wind down! Especially if it's on sale!Hint hint: You also get to hear their amazing soundtrack!"
,Recommended,447530,30974561,Posted: 6 April,all,Lazzier,"Emm, this is my first review, and a little bit broken english if you don't mind.Normally an Visual Novel is storyline-tied, and in this game you can change a little dialogue line (sometime with an risk of didn't get Flawless, and that's mean less income), and i think this game is pretty fun.Pros:+Storyline is Great (Finishing this game in 2 days, on the second days this game make me sit straight 444 min, dunno why, of course with help of Snack)+Waifus | The description says it right(besides Jill, i think Alma is the best character)+Music is pretty good |kinda agree to Jill about music without lyric will suiting any workplace+Best Boss i've ever seen (._.""Cons:-I think this game is Lack of Replayability, but again, i think this cons can solved if you didn't play this game for long enough and you feel that you wan't to play this game againAnd this is some tips for you who want to get all the archievement in near-time and didn't want to re-read all the dialogue:There is a hidden key to Fast-Forward dialogue, just press CTRL all the way, still, it consume 1 to 1.5 hours to progress (but it will leave a load of text for a second when Streaming-chan came to Valhalla)About Ending:You can get 3 ending in One Run, don't be afraid you only get one ending, Except you're targetting for the Bad EndAnd, thank you for reading my Review, feel free to correct my broken english tho (o_o"""
,Recommended,447530,28420282,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ducknuck84,A nice twist on the VN genre with a fun little barteding minigame added it. The characters are well writen as well and as the game goes on you get engrossed with the events of their day to day lives . So why not stop by for a drink and meet the Interesting people that inhabit VA-11 HALL-A you will not be disapointed.
,Recommended,447530,28340193,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ocfos,"This is the best visual novel-style game I've ever seen or played, and I can't recommend it enough to anyone who might read this. It's hilarious, engaging, and the main character is damn relatable.Game of the bloody year if you ask me, and I haven't even finished more than chapter 1, as well as a bit of chapter 2 yet.EDIT: Finished the game, it's good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Definitely something to play through."
76561198025424474,Recommended,447530,28383054,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Menial_Labor,"The atmosphere the game provides and the menial daily lives of characters that the game portrays are the most interesting part of the title. The characters living their daily lives around a busy and chaotic place does add some charm, in addition to (while somewhat forced and cliche'd) unique archetypes each possesses. The player in this game takes a role as an observer around these series of events and interactions happening at a bar, and the experience is homologous to a ""slice of life"" genre anime. Indeed, the game is very relaxing and can be compared to reading a leisurely book. And that's why I would recommend this game to anyone familiar with visual novel type games who also likes anime and manga.That being said, I only can recommend this game as a ""passing time"" type. I cannot recommend this game for having a terrific story. It's mediocre. The stories and characters overall, are underdeveloped. Each character have several storylines that are happening simultaneously, but only one of them gets really finished. Most of the other side storylines, unfortunately, are ended abruptly as you finish the game or never really mentioned again after being introduced. Furthermore, the background that the acts are taking place and other things are very shallowly explored too. The developers surely put some effort into forming the atmosphere, but it's never fully described. The another sin that this game makes are the characters. They all have cliche'd and formula archetypes. AND THEY NEVER DEVELOP. As a result, you get very 2-dimentional characters that fails to entertain you till the end. Even more, there are too many unexplored characters in game. Which again, is just waste of potential.But in general, this is still ok title to recommend. It's not Ulyssess, which has a lasting impacts with it's meanings being explored indefinitely, but it still provides an enjoyable experience while you are engaging it, like Charlotte's web. Just like how devs recommend to enjoy this game, grab a popcorn, grab something to drink, and enjoy the show. At least you'll have a good time while you're at it."
76561197990963980,Recommended,447530,26090629,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Taizai,"Well, at the time that i am writing this review, i have not completed the game. This does not change the fact that i have already loved and enjoyed every minute of it. The changes from humour to serious are really well done and feel like a real conversation between two people instead of just a lines of text between two actors in a story.Gameplay is simple and does not get in the way of the story, really original too.Well, it is a really short review of a absolutly great game so if you are into VN's or just looking for something different than all those shooters or survival games, give this game a shot. Chances are slim that you don't like it."
76561198071797941,Recommended,447530,28553835,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Saski64,"I knew this game would be dope once I realized anon wrote it and included a Char reference, can't wait to finish it."
76561198169555911,Recommended,447530,28572655,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FruityMaki,fun novel good music
76561198007847377,Recommended,447530,28656434,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Doom,"In all honesty, this is one of the best games I played this year.I don't remember how I got this game, but when I started it for the first time, I expected some silly bartending mini-game, and instead of that had a a surprisingly deep conversation with the first character I met. That was very surprising.At its core it is a visual novel. Character has a lot of depth in them, their stories intertwine, and they are well written. Graphics are retro-styled with anime feel, but they work surprisingly well for this setup. Music is good too. Writing is is very good as well.Basically, highly recommended to check it out."
,Recommended,447530,28641247,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Frostei,"There are cat girls, robot girls, talking dogs, an assassin, crazy people, and a perverted old man whom you can all serve drinks to. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,447530,26621976,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Gowps,"Very fun, good soundtrack, good game"
,Recommended,447530,28003159,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NANI?!,It's an amazing game.Go buy it.
76561198006578541,Recommended,447530,28649093,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bigwibbie,Slick game with an easy interface.
,Recommended,447530,28645637,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheQuebecNinja,"Even though I rarely play visual novels (yet alone write game reviews on Steam), I was tempted by all the overwhelming positive press this game had along its cyberpunk theme. So, I had 15 bucks that I could spend and boy that was the best 15 bucks I've ever spent in a long time.In this game, you don't take the role of a heavily enhanced cyborg cop or the like as you would with most cyberpunk themed games, you play as a simple bartender, Jill Stingray, who struggle to live in a dystopian city known as Glitch City, a place where corporations and criminals are kings while the lower classes get poorer every day. You work in a small bar that attracts every kind of people who needs a drink whether to celebrate, to drown their sorrows or forget their problems for a while. This change of pace to the cyberpunk genre is a great idea considering how many of those universes only focus on the life of very powerful people while we barely get anything when it comes to the daily struggles of living in such a dystopia.The visual aspect and the overall atmosphere of this game are intelligently crafted to build this fictional cyberpunk world and really help to make the narration shine even more. The well detailed 16-bit graphics inspired by PC-98 games give a nice retro-futuristic look to the game and the character design, heavily inspired of a lot of already established fictions, is well thought and varied. I also personally like how, while being inspired by common classics like Blade Runner and Ghost in the Shell, the developers decided to take a more colorful and upbeat approach to their universe, both visually and narratively,in a similar way to Bubblegum Crisis. So, seeing an underappreciated cyberpunk classic like this one makes me even more happy with this game.The writing and characters are obviously the best this novel has to offer. The way the story unfolds feels natural and well balanced and tackles serious topics very well without pushing a particular opinion on said topics. The story has its fair share of comedy and drama and balances very well those moments through the entire game without having a moment feeling out of place or anything similar. Every single character feels unique and has so much depth put into their personalities, their interactions and their backstories that I felt attached by all of them, going from the arrogant and selfish newspapers editor to the cute and cheerful sexbot. Even the main character, who acts like a therapist for her customers, has its fair share of issues she has to go through psychologically. I also love all the references to other cyberpunk fictions and other works of pop culture that the game puts though the game.When it comes to gameplay, it isn’t like your usual visual novel. Instead of having choices of dialogue, what will alter its branching storyline is the drinks that you will serve to your customers. As the bartender, you’re playing, your customers will ask from time to time what drink they’ll want and you will have to serve them with the drinks you prepare through an interface where you put the ingredients into a shaker and mix drinks according to a receipt book with almost every drink available from the beginning. Sometimes the customers will tell you exactly what they want, but other times they will say hints like what flavor or type of drink they want. Besides, you are not forced to give what they actually ask, sometimes its better give them something else if you pay attention to their dialogues and the vague suggestions Jill will give to the player from time to time so that you can unfold more information on these characters and change the way the storyline progresses.The soundtrack is the cherry on the cake with its big selection of mellow and upbeat tunes that adds a lot to this retro-futuristic atmosphere. I highly recommend to also buy the soundtrack on Bandcamp since many of its tracks got stuck in my head for good while.In the end, any cyberpunk fan or just anyone who want to have a very comfortable experience, fan of visual novels or not, should play this game. My first playthrough took me 15 hours and you would want to replay the game at least two other times to discover most of the branching story paths the game has to offer.10/10 would cherish hacker with big melons again."
76561198320307574,Recommended,447530,28452519,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,N̶i̶H̴I̵L̷_ludens,"I haven't finished the game yet, but so far, I LOVE it. The characters in the game are a delight; each of their backstories and dialogue are engaging and fun to read.The gripe of the game is the gameplay, which isn't anything to brag about. However, I feel that the characters make up for it."
,Recommended,447530,28545033,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dre,"This game I picked it up to get into visual novels and since it was on sale one day and thought what the hell I'll try it.  However, after playing about 7+ hours of this game I realized that this game is in my opinion practically perfect!  The story is great and absorbs the player into its world with unique and quirky characters making the world around the player believable seemibly full of life.  I cannot even say anymore that most people have already said.  All I can say is PICK IT UP either when its on sale or Full price if you have to!  This Visual novel gem got me into the idea of playing a visual novel and is what I would consider as a basis for future visual novels should try to replicate when it comes to characters and world building."
76561197966460768,Recommended,447530,28576735,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Merril,"Wow, I'm 4 hours into this $12 game.  I'm extremely suprised by the longevity of the game and the depth of the story.Quick thought; this game is very much worth the price.More on the game;The music is fantastic.The complexity of the mixology (The game element) has slowly built to keep me interested, as I indicated I'm not done with the game yet.The artwork is beautiful.  But, here is my one gripe with the game, The static visual novel type scenes have gotten a bit old.  The dialogue/plot is keeping me more than intrigued though.Also the background artwork is non-static so they have done alot to avoid this.I am already wanting to go through another time to see the endings.Stop here if you don't want my personal thoughts;The plot of the game is very much about female-female relationships.  I went into the game not knowing this and it certainly has a weird impact on how I view the characters.  But, overall the story is again fantastic with great pacing.If you enjoyed this game and also enjoy Anime, check out the anime ""Bartender""https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Bartender_episodesWhile Bartender focuses more on the plights of the customers, Vallhalla focuses more on an overarching story and the individuals of the bar.Bartender focuses more on the mixology, teaching you some basic drinks and facts about alocohol.  While Vallhalla kinda glosses over that, even though drink making is the key game element, you're not making actual drinks and 'so far' there hasn't been any free-form elements.  The game will tell you if you made the drink correctly."
,Recommended,447530,28570667,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Key,This game is great. Really relaxing and lots of fun. The writing is very funny/good.
76561198084417676,Recommended,447530,28577138,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mesa3D developer,"Exellent Linux port, works perfect and I love the art+music !"
76561197964866568,Recommended,447530,28578175,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"Well, I did turn it on for a brief moment, and BAM - it's 3 am when I write it.I mean... DAMN! I have over 800 games, but this... Get this, it's just awesome.Best game I bought recently. Well, if you can call visual novels games.Great writing. Cool game mechanics. I had low expectations, this one got my by surprise."
,Recommended,447530,28579751,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ONI CHI CHI!!!!,A very good game and there's an option to skip some lines (Thank god xD) but you should not skip it you must read the story line to understand some parts of the game which makes it exciting cause it makes the player don't skip a lot of storylines in the game.
76561198193027003,Recommended,447530,27996867,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spilled Beans,Palms are sweatyKnees weakArms SpaghettiCan't feel my legsCAN'T FEEL MY LEGS
,Recommended,447530,30965694,Posted: 5 April,all,goldfishclowns,"If you had said to me that a game with the tagline ""Cyberpunk Bartending Action"" could be remotely enthralling then I would look at you with disbelief. How could a game about a seemingly mundane job be any sort of fun even with the Dystopian setting?Well it turns out, very much so! In fact, taking on said mundane job is actually what makes this refreshing from a lot of other Cyberpunk ficiton and games. Events are happening around you that you have no control over, so all you can do is pull up a pew and listen to what the colourful cast of characters in this game have to say about themselves, what they think about the world etc.It's a masterclass of worldbuilding because of this, and one that manages to do it with just two main locales, home and work! It even manages to do this despite the fact that there are no dialogue options (or at least at the time of playing), which is something that would usually be a death sentence for a game like this, but in all honesty it actually doesn't matter as the characters have interesting things to say regardless.That's not to say the gameplay is a slouch either, whilst on the surface it seems simple the game ramps up pretty quick, some requests customers make are straightforward, but some of them make requests in fashions ranging from vague to downright cryptic (but not in the usual negative connotation of the word). It means you have to pay attention not only to what customers are ordering on the night, but also any information that would've cropped up several nights before, as well as using deduction skills on the spot. It's a remarkably fresh approach to this sort of thing.All in all I highly reccomend this game for someone who is immersed in the Cyberpunk genre, but wants something a little different out of it. Happy drinking!"
,Recommended,447530,28012498,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Assburgers,"Essentially Papers Please, mixed with waifus, bartending, and storytelling. Soundtrack's great too."
,Recommended,447530,28001153,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,soj,really great cyberpunk VNgreat musicgreat pixel artgreat charactersthe devs seem pretty cool too
