user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,448160,22557005,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,fireballcarwar,"I am consistently impressed with the games that Astro Port develops. They seem like a bunch of very talented people who really understand what makes games tick. Wolflame is no different.If you're expecting a super innovative game that turns the Shmup genre on its head then this isn't for you. You have a shoot button and a bomb and that's it. It is built from the ground up to play like older shmups such as Raiden or any of the classic Toaplan titles, but without the arcade hard difficulty designed around milking quarters out of people. If you like those games you will love this one. It is challenging, but in a fair way, it keeps you wanting to play and overcoming the difficult spot you're in instead of giving up.You have 3 different subweapon powerups, one is a powerful green laser that shoots slightly off to the side, a blue laser that locks on to any enemy it touches and a red spreadshot with homing laser. A cool feature is the ability to mix and match two of them, one for each wing, the powerup will show you which wing it is for with a direction, you can power each up to 5 levels, then you get 5000 bonus points for everyone you colect after that. I like to stick with dual green laser as it wrecks everything pretty hard.It has checkpoints instead of instant revival, but unlike older shooters it is much easier to recover thanks to the ability to grab your previous powerups back contained in a single pickup, if you miss it then you may have a bad time :). Even if you get stuck with the peashooter starting weapon, the checkpoints are very well done, the game seems designed around having lower power weapons so if you're maxed out you will do serious damage, even to bosses. THe game is fairly long for a Shmup, expect to take around an hour to an hour and a half for a first run, it's even got a save and load feature. The scoring system is very basic, you find hidden medals and it tallies them up at the end of the stage, aside from that just kill everything you possibly can and don't die.The game has many different enemy types and really good encounter design, they clearly put alot of thought into placement instead of just swarming you with enemies and bullets. This game isn't bullet hell, opting for simpler, easier to read but much faster bullets. Every single enemy in this game is deadly, you should fear even a lone basic tank which can easily snipe you when you least expect it and end your run. This combined with the checkpoint system makes the game very tense and exciting in a way that bullet hells can't touch. Bossfights are well done and memorable, though the first few die very quickly due to the stages being easy and your ship having full power. There are 10 stages in total with a nice difficulty curve throughout, there was no sudden spike in difficulty.The graphics look nice, far better than the typical 2D game on Steam. Everything is very distinct and easily recognizable. The sound effects give it a nice punch and the music fits perfectly, though it isn't the sort of thing I would listen to outside of the game. You can change how loud the sound effects and music are seperately.For video options you can switch between fullscreen and windowed, you can increase or decrease the size of the screen and the game supports TATE mode. Controls are fully rebindable with keyboard, cannot comment on controller support.Great game overall, I highly recommend it. It doesn't do anything all that new, but excels at what it does set out to do, which is all you need."
,Recommended,448160,25327572,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"AsSatazius is to Gradius, andGigantic Armyis toAssault Suit Valken, thenWolflameis very much in the spirit of Toaplan. The deal with Toaplan shootemups is that they excel at the fundamentals. When you play one of these classic games, you're not going to be dazzled by fountains of pretty bullets and thousands of shiny gold medals. Every moment of these games is a life or death struggle. The one tank that you miss just might be the one that takes you down. ASTRO PORT delivers yet another thriller that is sure to please any shmup fan.Like most other shmups,Wolflamehas no story to speak of. The goal is to destroy everything, collect a few medals, and try not to get shot down too often. The scoring system is pretty basic. All of the medals you collect in a stage are cashed in at the end for a lot of points, provided you don't die and lose them. Actually, you might as well try not to die at all, because spare lives are worth a ton as well. Unlike most shooters, there's no huge penalty for using bullet-clearing bombs. Even if you manage to collect a full stock, any extras are worth a measly 100 points each.There are two kinds of bullets in this game, the kind that distract you, and the kind that kill you. The killer bullets are easy to spot. They're purple, thin, and fast. Most of the enemies that fire purple bullets are tanks, turrets, and so on. It's actually pretty sensible, since smaller ships don't have the power to maintain control, while firing such a powerful weapon. Typically, the killer bullets are fired when the enemy has you in their sights, so if you're not constantly moving, then you're probably going to die. As soon as a tank appears on-screen, either destroy it or get out of the way, because they're extremely deadly.That's not to say there aren't any of the typical bullet-spreads we associate with STGs, but they're only a part of the threat. These slow yet plentiful bullets are there to catch your eye, force you into bad situations, and basically ""herd"" you into just the right spot. What happens next? If you guessed that a tank would appear practically out of nowhere and snipe you, then congrats! Your prize is a trip back to the last checkpoint.Yes, Wolflame is a checkpoint-based shooter. That means you don't instantly respawn when you die. Thankfully, there's usually a nearby power-up that restores all of your lost weapons. The checkpoints are also a lot more reasonable than some of the earliest shmups. Still, getting kicked backwards upon death can be very punishing. Having to re-do bosses as well as brutal segments can chew through your spare lives pretty quickly.One more thing: Like a number of vertical shooters, the screen shifts slightly to the left or right depending on your position. This can be useful, because enemies don't fire when they're off-screen. However, you also want to make a mental note of any enemies that are off-screen, just so you don't move over and suddenly get point-blank blasted by a killer bullet.It's interesting thatTwin Cobrais mentioned in the store-description for this game.Twin Cobrais the game that got me to fear tanks again. After several years of danmaku bullet-hells, where avoiding billions of bullets almost becomes effortless, I was re-introduced to the dreaded tank. Tanks inTwin Cobraonly fire one bullet, but one bullet is enough in a shmup.Wolflameunderstands that same philosophy, and its legions of meticulously placed tanks and turrets are sure to confound and enrage a new generation of gamers."
76561198084118013,Recommended,448160,22553557,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,vonareq31,Great retro Raiden goodness. Pretty long (10 stages) and challenging.And thx to developers for supporting linux.
,Recommended,448160,25309733,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,nexen,This is a great little Raiden clone.The checkpoint mechanic also makes it addictive to play even for those of us who cannot hope to 1CC it.
76561197970487078,Recommended,448160,22963036,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rizzeld,"reminds me of raiden 2 alot, which is great cause i love raiden 2, get this game if ya into old school shmups and not bullet hells"
,Recommended,448160,25335547,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jeneki,"Steam can be a bit of a jungle at times, especially in the case of shooters.  It seems like every Junior Developer wants to make their first project a shmup whether they understand what makes the genre fun or not.And then every once in a while we reverie a game that GETS IT. Astro Port's games have always been great, but this one truly takes the cake. Simply superb! If every shmup was built this well the genre would still be in the forefront.If you know who Toaplan and Seibu Kaihatsu are and the kinds of games they made in the early 90s, then you know what to expect in Wolflame. Shots come from actual gun barrels, not some nebulous location in the center of enemies. In classic shooter fashion, bullets are lightning fast with no micro hit boxes. Enemies emerge from bunkers and forests in organized waves. Larger enemies can be picked apart one gun at a time, or quickly dispatched by concentrating fire on the center of mass. This game just makes sense and shows a true love for the classics.I can't recommend Wolflame enough."
,Not Recommended,448160,30925597,Posted: 3 April,all,Pumpkin_Eldritch,"I'll be the odd man out and give this one a thumbs down.More or less you have an homage to the Raiden series and Toaplan's catalog of shmups that manages to combine the worst of both.What I did like.It's paced like Raiden. There is a lot of danmaku out there and something more slow & deliberate is refreshing these days.There is something endearing about oddball/asymmetrical powerups.It's not quite as ugly as Astroport's previous titles.The sound effects are better than their usual blocks of wood clapping together quality.What I didn't like.10 stages at a Raiden pace. A good shmup, in my book, should be punchy and to the point. This game drags on forever.Toaplan style checkpoints. Did you get shot? Go back a few screens and try again.Gradius syndrome. Lost your powerups at a boss? Might as well reset the game. You're boned. (Then see point #1).You also aren't even give a chance to salvage your drops after a certain point in the game.The play field is actually quite large but the game is severely letterboxed. Way too many off screen enemies.The damn near instantaneous purple sniper tank shots that are rarely ever telegraphed outside a boss. This is what the vast majority of your deaths are going to come from. I promise.Too much screen clutter. Combine everything blowing up on screen with the muddled graphics and the point above, you're going to die a lot and yell WTF HOW!? at the unseen shots.Random MusingsThe ship reminds me of the Judge Spear from Viper Phase 1 and the Alltynex Second ship smashed together. I dig it.I think I'm past the point of giving Astroport a free pass because of their reasonable price points.Balance your♥♥♥♥♥♥better, pretty please? Baby's first shmup for a few stages then shear vertical cliff to hang yourself off of isn't fun and it comes across as amateurish after so many games."
76561198265131783,Recommended,448160,22698160,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,181st squadron,"I would compare this to the Raiden series, and it's a good shmup, and can be difficult too because it has that checkpoint mechanic where when you die, you start back at the checkpoint. Reminds me of Gradius and R-Type with that mechanic, and it provides a good challenge for anyone, and with multiple difficulty options it's approachable. It's a simple game with a good challenge, I think you'll find some enjoyment out of this, especially with ten levels to enjoy as you shoot down whatever is in front of you and destroy the end boss."
76561198058356083,Recommended,448160,22973678,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,lamajoe75,Excellent quarter-sinking SHMUP.  Playable with keyboard alone if you're used to WASD or arrow movement.  $5.99 is a bargain for this one.
,Recommended,448160,22555857,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Brub,"Pretty good game, feels and plays just right. Blowing up ships feels great and satisfying. However, I feel like there could have been more variety to the enemies and the levels. Music is alright, especially the rhythm, but again, somewhat repetitive.This also might be one of the rare shoot em ups that doesn't make you restart at the very beginning when it is game over, you can always retry at the last checkpoint. So anyone worried they can never finish a game like this, this one you just might. There are 10 levels, each one of them relatively short, fun and challenging. And multiple difficulties.It is as it says in the description, WOLFLAME is a return to the form. If you love Ikaruga and Radiant Silvergun, you might find this game somewhat lacking and/or basic, you find upgrades as you destroy ships, you have bombs that destroy enemy ships and protect you at the same time from their bullets. And that is where it ends. There are no cutscenes or characters, no complex mechanics or rpg elements. Whether you are fine with this or not, that is up to you. I like WOLFLAME and for that price I think it is worth buying. It's a great throwback for diehard fans and a good place to start for newcomers because of how accessible it can be. I can see myself playing this from time to time, maybe even try the harder difficulties at some point."
,Recommended,448160,22557593,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"Aside from some bugged achievements (common with steam versions of Astro Port games) the game itself is satisfying, chock filled with content, and will last you for a good time. It's not as complex as Crimzon Clover or Radiant Silvergun, but for the price they ask it's well worth giving it a try, and I have little to complain about. Haven't gotten too far in yet, but so far nothing's gone wrong, which is one of Astro Port's strengths: if you can get into the first parts of the game and enjoy it, it never dips into disappointment."
,Recommended,448160,25386494,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Did you like SATAZIUS?Did you like ARMED SEVEN?Did you like STEEL STRIDER?The guys who made those games, made WOLFLAME.  You'll love this, too."
76561198141501234,Recommended,448160,24073783,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MostShamefurDispray,"A chill little shmup.Pros: Nice sounds, nice graphics, nice gameplay, cool weapon combos.Cons: Music does not loop....come on developers, fix that crap. Ship is a little on the slow side but that's a matter of personal preference. It's a tad tricky to tell where the hitboc is exactly.It's a shmup. Like shmups? You'll like Wolflame."
,Recommended,448160,22568124,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Soldier Blue,"I got just what I expected; no gimmicks, just a back-to-the-basics shmup challenge featuring the core mechanics you'd expect such as power ups etc.It scales throughout skill levels pretty well too, featuring a wide array of difficulty settings to choose from, which makes this much more accessible to newbies to the genre like myself.It also has a nice little checkpoint feature that enables you to pick up right where you left off.This should keep me busy for the next few weeks!"
76561198009375090,Recommended,448160,22599055,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ofecks,"Simple, old-school arcade action.  No complicated scoring systems.  Detailed, great-looking hand-drawn pixel art.  Clear Toaplan and Seibu influences.  SNIPER TANKS!  Incredibly easy to pick up and play, and blowing stuff up is ultimately satisfying, just as a shmup should be.  The music isn't that great and doesn't loop ""properly"", but that's an otherwise minor gripe.  Shmup fans of any style should buy this, especially fans of older ""memorizers"".  This is also a great game for shmup beginners - easy difficulty can be completed without much experience in the genre."
76561198271430928,Recommended,448160,33458260,Posted: 11 July,all,Duran,Very good shooter.
,Recommended,448160,28429348,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,爱阔少,"This is rather a neutral review. I like the old school graphics and sound, but the game mechanics is not my cup of tea.Most of the enemy bullets are too fast to dodge, you have to keep moving around or get killed, and if you get caught when changing direction, you're dead. You lose everything on death, which is a little unfair in later levels. But well, the developer is trying to make a Raiden clone so that's fine if you like the origin.The game has 10 levels, considering it's a shoot em up, that's a lot. And there is a Save/Load function, you can save the game anywhere and load to start from that level. This is handy when you find yourself hard to concentrate after a few levels, or when you made some really silly mistakes.And this game has 4 difficulties, Easy is really easy(I managed to 1cc in my first try, with a little bit luck), you can also get almost all achievements by just playing easy(Only 1 exception, you have to complete normal, with infinite continues). That's very friendly to beginners, which is something really lacking in the shoot em up genre."
76561198026376897,Recommended,448160,25328391,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,haha nerds...,"Another excellent shoot 'em up from Astro Port. This one is heavily remiscent of early 90's Toaplan classics such as Fire Shark, Truxton and Twin Cobra - i.e. not a bullet hell shooter. Tight gameplay, good graphics, well recommended!"
,Not Recommended,448160,32980954,Posted: 29 June,all,Diplomata do Caos,"First off: there's raiden 4 (and others) on steam, which is a throw back to raiden 2... making this game kinda obsoleteObs: Game planned difficulty is normal... don't try harderPros:Got the raiden's pace... and dread for tanksInterresting base graphics... but lacking varietyCons:Complete lack ""juiciness""... the game feels rushedWeak soundtrack... in this genre epic music is obligatory!!!Somewhat lackluster options, I needed a 270 screen flip... but only got a 90Bosses have too little life points to have enough battle time... and they are the easiest part of the game O_0Go back on death... just plain horrible (we aren't playing a platformer here...)Only danger that I found was the sniper units... they are realllly annoying (even for raiden standarts)Easy to lose stuff on screen... lack of use of transparency"
,Recommended,448160,30151780,Posted: 24 February,all,mikew,"I'm a complete sucker for Astro Port's stuff, but I'm particularly happy with Wolflame. I loved Satazius, their horizontally-scrolling homage to shoot-em-ups like Gradius, and Wolflame is the same level of homage to vertically-scrolling titles like Raiden.Your ship can acquire two satellites, each of which shoots one of three different weapons and can be upgraded five times. When a power-up appears, it changes color as it moves around the screen, allowing you to switch each satellite's weapon type on the fly by grabbing it when it is the desired color. Having a fully upgraded set of satellites makes you feel powerful, but not invulnerable, especially at higher difficulty levels. My favorite aspect of the upgrade system is being able to recover your previous abilities after you die, if you are lucky enough to spawn the proper power-up icon and collect it with your new ship.The graphics nail the intended retro aesthetic, and cover the usual variety of environments (land, sea, outer space). The game ran smoothly at 60 FPS on everything I tried, including a laptop with Intel 5000 integrated graphics. There are basic configuration options for resolution, controls, and difficulty. If you're looking for something to scratch a retro arcade shooter itch, give this a try!"
,Recommended,448160,31655631,Posted: 9 May,all,durian,"Wolflameis notlameat all!It is a decentRaidenclone.Good sprite-graphics, gameplay, retro action.It supports upright monitor (but only to one side).Max. resolution is a low 1024 pixels.Verdict: Recommended."
,Recommended,448160,33678789,Posted: 20 July,all,Dog,"If you like Raden this game is for you. It's pretty much like Raiden, I really like it!"
