user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198384625774,Recommended,448170,32114421,Posted: 1 June,all,jessicapatt27,"I am SO excited to finally play the full version of Last Dream - World Unknown!I loved Last Dream 1 because of how it slowly expanded into a massive world of intricate dungeons, challenging puzzles, charasmatic NPCs, gorgeous music, and devilish bosses.I can already see that World Unknown has all of those elements AND MORE! I love the writing and the first bustling city, as well as all the new characters in the Harbor and Mercenaries' Guild - ha, they're great!Thank you devs for continuing the Last Dream series!"
76561198391793932,Recommended,448170,32117326,Posted: 1 June,all,philip.johnson,"This game takes me back to the good old days playing Final Fantasy I. But this is not just a regeneration of FF… this is a JRPG on steroids with all those modern features that you would have loved back in the day. Pick your party, pick your difficulty, pick your encounter rate… there is so much customization.Here a list of what I like so far:1)	Customization… there’s a lot of it!2)	Incredible attention to detail. The first town is huge and filled with a wide variety of characters.3)	Beautiful mapping – The towns and dungeons and nicely laid out.4)	Most importantly… an extremely well-balanced battle system…I have to go into a little bit more depth on the battle system because it deserves it. It easily rivals, if not betters (blasphemy, I know), our childhood favorites like Chrono Trigger or FF III.First of all, you build your characters based on Ability Points. Each time you level up, you get an allotment and then it’s up to you to create your character. I really love this flexibility… even though I’ve selected a specific class, there are many ways that I could build them. In my first playthrough, I’m building a classic style Knight with plenty of attack, but I’d like to experiment with a tanky build.Secondly skills are learned by earning Skill Points in battle (or purchasing orbs at stores). You can pick the skills that are most useful to you, or you can get them all if you’re a completionist like me =).I’ve picked Hard for my first playthrough, and I have to say, it feels just right. In a lot of the games I’ve played in the past, I end up overleveled because I fully explore each area, so having the ability to bump up the enemy strength is great!There is also a synthesis system that I haven’t explored too much yet, but looks really interesting.All in all, this game is exactly what I’ve been looking for and I’m really looking forward to playing through the rest.I give it 9/10!"
,Recommended,448170,32135374,Posted: 2 June,all,Fez4D,"Summary:Last Dream was released in 2014 and quickly garnered positive reviews as a classic RPG executed exceptionally well. Everything about World Unknownfeelslike Last Dream,just better: massive content and intelligent game mechanics, with a similar old school wonderment and deep attention to every detail.Special Content:Beyond the many NPC personalities are the hidden ""books"" in the villages of Last Dream: World Unknown. One unexpected experience is discovering these stories as you venture from one town to the next. A hilarious caravan journal describes a historical sequence of traveling from village to village, seeking to sell his goods. One believable mishap after another occurs to this unlucky fellow until he learns how to succeed in the medieval culture of World Unknown. Likewise, the Player must journey across this challenging yet fascinating world and learn how to survive. The mirroring experience of these wonderful books and the Player's own experience is just one element of what makes this game a joy.Soundtrack!The music is wonderful and varied and plentiful. The game is worth the price of the ""album"" alone. The music actually led me to discover the substantial world of Creative Commons music. In this regard,World Unknown demonstrates how quality can be derived from curation: the developers of World Unknown clearly invested time into finding the best composers and then carefully placed each instrumental song within suitable game scenarios.Discovery:I have not used every character class available and thus, I know there is more exciting content waiting in the class-specific dungeons. An indie game like this, with so much content, cannot be profitable and thus, the developers must have created World Unknown just because they love it. It shows.Last Dream: World Unknown is worth a deep dive."
76561198158553757,Recommended,448170,32121496,Posted: 1 June,all,ToEndlessAbyss,"Even better than the original.Last Dream was ""classic fantastic"" because it recaptured all the best RPG elements of my youth.Last Dream - World Unknown elevates this loving attention to NES/SNES/N64 detail into an even more refined experience.Tons of content and a 919-page guide!The characters are more vibrant, the dungeons are more clever, the battles are more challenging, and the music is more attuned to the wonderfully varied settings within World Unknown. Players of Last Dream will recognize that the devs' talents have deepened considerably. I won't spoil it here, but multiple surprising new experiences await in just the first few hours, and after downloading the 919-page Strategy Guide, I can see that there are more surprises still!A world to deeply explore and understand.Thesense of placewithin World Unknown is strongly felt. The towns, forests, and pathways feel lived in, as if this world exists somewhere. World Unknown still retains the innocence of games like Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger, but the NPCs you encounter feel like they have something meaningful to communicate, and the history of each village is presented in colorful snippets of hidden books and myths.Opportunities for advanced challenges.I really love the advanced battle mechanics and individualized character attributes, although I expect that some players may find these enhanced features difficult to master. Of course, there are ""Easy"" and ""Very Easy"" difficulty settings and ""Recommended"" skill settings that new players should probably adopt, but those who love RPGs will want to dive into the expanded freedom of choice in World Unknown. I am playing on ""Hard"" and game progression has been, well, hard. Yet, I am already considering restarting (as I write this) and playing on ""Legendary"" because I want to explore and experience every corner of this detailed game.Satisfying immersion.Like Last Dream, World Unknown offers the opportunity to joyfully disappear into its depth. Even at the beginning, you can view the world map in the menu screen and behold the epic adventure that awaits.I sincerely appreciate the effort the devs invested to create World Unknown, and $9.99 feels absurdly low for the tens (hundreds?) of hours of future enjoyment. I have no idea how long World Unknown will take to complete, but I know I will enjoy the journey and the challenge."
,Recommended,448170,32123913,Posted: 2 June,all,metroidguardian,"10/10 - Given our busy lives, how we allocate our leisure time is important. If you enjoy beautifully-staged maps and music with delightful characters in an open world (with twisting dungeons and tricky puzzles!) then Last Dream: World Unknown is absolutely worth your time. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,448170,32462593,Posted: 15 June,all,Paragus,"This game has an absolutely staggering amount of content.  I just finished the game on hard mode, did what I thought was a lot of side quests and have about 45 hours in.  Then you realize there are literally maybe a dozen places on the map I never even set foot in.   For the price, the Last Dream series gives you an incredible value.  This is probably one of the few or only RPG maker games you will find on Steam that reaches a quality level that rivals the old console RPGs we all grew up with.The soundtrack alone is probably worth the money.  This game's music folder is delight to go through and really helps elevate the game to the next level.  Gameplay wise it has all the features you'd ever want.  Character customization, coming up with your own builds, massive amount of content, great music, lots of settings to tailor the game the way you like, and more achievements than a normal person could ever hope to get.These guys have earned your money, frankly they should be charging more for how much is packed into this thing.  I'm looking forward to more games in this series."
76561198393138889,Recommended,448170,32143021,Posted: 2 June,all,blastoise777,"Thank you devs for releasing this wonderfully detailed cosmos and continuing the Last Dream story! I have been watching YouTube videos of the first four continents - everything is so stunningly cool! I was going to wait until The Humble Store in a few weeks, but the wait dragged me to Steam. Plus, I want to support you guys. I would have paid more if I could!!"
76561197979937889,Recommended,448170,32231701,Posted: 6 June,all,Veri_the_Great,"Great game, its as good as the first one.  I'm about 25% into the game, and already the world is almost entirly open for exploration.  The game picks up right where the last one left off, but in a new world.  One of the best crafted jrpgs out there, it has a great class system, crafting, questing, alot of exploring, and branching paths, which allow you to take both branches quite often!  I would buy this at full price, but even more so on sale.  Gem of a game, worth every penny."
76561198036022602,Recommended,448170,32210699,Posted: 5 June,all,ilducadivenalzio,"Nothing I've played has captured the feeling of first playing FF on the NES like Last Dream has, it's everything the 10 year old from back then wanted and more.  If there is something in the game you wished you could do but can't, look around more, you probably can - and the expansion, World Unknown, is just as good and even works great as a stand alone title.  If you want to make the game harder, easier, sillier, etc. there are options galore to do so."
76561198392688292,Recommended,448170,32144111,Posted: 2 June,all,alexjones301,"A+I haven't even left the first town, and I can feel the vast deepness of Last Dream: World Unknown. I love the Thieves Hideout, Mercenaries Guild, Grotto Battles, Gate Puzzle, Mystical Tree, Bustling Harbor, Rockwood Mansion, Town Gates... and again, I haven't even left the first town!The music, the characters, the surprise attacks from the guards if you misbehave - everything in World Unknown is done so, so well. I actually died from those pesky guards (because I demanded to stay at the inn for free - ha ha).This is high-level fun!"
76561198098738155,Recommended,448170,32190203,Posted: 4 June,all,Tipuzzle,"Hello, my name is Tipuzzle, and I am addicted to Last Dream and its sequel/expansion, Unknown World.Last Dream was perfect for all of my customization-hungry needs. I am a giant stat nerd and, because of that, having so many options for my characters in the forms of AP, SP, and eight different classes, Last Dream spoiled me to the point where very few RPGs have managed to quench the same thirst for a strong sense of control. Last Dream: World Unknown brings that control back, but perhaps in an overwhelming way if this is your Last Dream game.I decided to start a completely new game, surprised to find that all of my characters started at level 60 or so and I could change the AP values for every last stat all of them had right off the bat. I must have spent fifteen minutes on that page alone, trying to puzzle out what stats would work best with the strategy I wanted to go for this time around, all while thinking to myself... ""Would a new player really like this?""The answer is 'no'. If you have not played the original Last Dream, then World Unknown, from a statistical and plot standpoint, is definitely not for you, and that's perfectly okay because YOU SHOULD PLAY LAST DREAM. Seriously. If you're a control freak like I am, it is the perfect game for you, and once you're finished with it, World Unknown is like a second round of this sweet, sweet RPG drug.I'll let you learn about the rest of the game's positives (lore, lots of content, etc.) from other reviews, but if you take anything from this one: Control Freaks, this game is your drug. Buy it, you won't regret it. Not even that complicated, just a buncha numbers.Have fun!~"
76561198392284736,Recommended,448170,32159061,Posted: 3 June,all,chapter5000,"World Unknown is that wonderfully immersive classic game from your childhood that when played today, you discover just how first-rate it really is.Imagine the first town in NES Final Fantasy, except with an underground thieves network and mercenaries guild, a complex backstory and flashbacks, fifty or more sprites to talk with, hidden books and items, a sly sailor and well-regulated city guards, varying location-specific music, a tree of life and harbor that explain the town’s location, and a lot more.With the achievements, collections menu, selectable characters, side quests, special targets, etc. this game offers deep engagement into a world worth exploring.An absolute steal at $10."
76561198012613985,Recommended,448170,32191288,Posted: 4 June,all,bryanlan,"An incredible game at an incredible price.White giant RPG does it again!  If you haven't yet played Last Dream, then you need to stop reading this review and go play it.  That is, unless you don't like NES/SNES era golden age jrpgs such as Final Fantasy, 4, 6, Dragon Quests, Lufia, etc.This series has it all!  Good story, cutscenes, great music, better combat/skills than classic rpgs, very responsive developers, a  full comprehensive strategy guide... Not to mention various easter eggs and nostalgic devices similar to Chocobos rides, airships, giant optional dungeons, optional super-bosses, clever puzzles, and many other features that will have you reliving the fun of games from a simpler and more relaxing era.I've played World Unknown long enough at this point to be confident that it is a worthy successor to its predecessor - and one of the few games that successful retains the challenge at high level play.  World unknown is a standalone expansion and could be played without having played the original, but why would you want to do that?  Play the original, love it, lose yourself in it - and then play world unknown.. And then and only then will you be sad that you'll still be waiting a few years for Last Dream II.  But, get yourself a deal by buying them both at once, and support the awesome devs at White Giant RPG!"
76561198118577279,Recommended,448170,32286421,Posted: 9 June,all,Grishnackh,"tl;dr Amazing Game, 9/10Gameplay: Classic RPG Maker Gameplay. Expands on the baseline with very deep charakter costomization. Combat is challenging and interesting, the Warmup and Cooldown system makes sure you're not simply spamming the same abilities over and over again.Story: It's OK, simple straight forward story, befitting an rpgmaker game. Focus is definitely more on gameplay. I didnt get nearly as interested in the main villain as i did in the original game.Soundtrack: Outstanding, especially combat music as amazing.Developers: I really have to talk a bit about the devs in this short review. The guys from White Giant are awesome. I started with the free demo version a month ago and jumped fresh into the game on release, there were some bugs. Most of the time when i reported a bug and there was a patch fixing it not even 24 hours later. The devs are really taking good care of the game."
76561198064229896,Recommended,448170,32319291,Posted: 10 June,all,The Dark Crab,"The first thing I have to say is that I really enjoyed the first Last Dream game. I found it engrossing and the freedom it gave to be very fun, especially the optional challenges and ways of doing events which would change dialogue and the world. I am happy to see that so far in my playthrough of Last Dream: World Unknown follows many of the same steps that the original did. Last Dream: World Unknown has a great wealth of content since there are many places to go and the player gets a ship not far from the start of the game (after the first two major events in the story). Personal freedom is extensive and the game lets you spec your characters however you want. I can't personally attest to difficulty since I started the game with semi-maxed characters from the first game, letting my enemies fall before me like wheat to a scythe. But I can say I found many of the puzzles interesting and the combat is entertaining. My two criticisms of the game are rather minor and both only really apply to the earlier parts of the game. The first is that backtracking is rather annoying not because of the walking itself but because of the random battles. When you are in a tense dungeon and need to backtrack it makes sense since you need to manage your resources to get through the dungeon. This starts becoming annoying when you need to go somewhere and are strong enough to easily kill  the enemies in a single round but still have to fight all the enemies anyway, slowing down the game. The second criticism (which is more a personal thing) is that isn't always clear on where you need to go. This is both a good and bad thing. On one hand it allows you to explore and come across the fun side quests. On the other hand when you're looking for one specific place or person in the very large (and initally unmarked) areas and towns it can be slightly frustrating. Overall though I would highly recommend Last Dream: World Unknown. I have found it a great deal of fun and I think other people who like this style of RPG would also enjoy it."
76561198392986962,Recommended,448170,32136909,Posted: 2 June,all,onetwothirteen,So stoked! Saw Last Dream on Kickstarter and joined Steam today just to play World Unknown. It looks super awesome!
76561198393775368,Recommended,448170,32278917,Posted: 8 June,all,teatao2,"Very impressive customization and scope. I may never have time to dive into this game, but I wanted to write this review based on my initial impression: I stumbled upon it and it feels like it may actually be better than some of the best games of the 90's and even 00's (think: Final Fantasy and Zelda series). When I retire, I will play the hell out of this game. If you love exploration and a thousand little surprises, then this game is for you (and me)."
76561198392748314,Recommended,448170,32141550,Posted: 2 June,all,theYETI,"A friend of mine talked me into playing Last Dream because I enjoy games with complex storylines. I really enjoyed Last Dream and have been looking forward to World Unknown in the hopes that they would come up with another captivating story for me to immerse myself into. So far, they have delivered! World Unknown takes place in a different world from Last Dream with different races of beings that seem to be on the verge of war. Much like in Last Dream, the story develops from both detailed flashbacks and from in game characters. Also, new to World Unknown, you can learn more about the world and its history through stories in the bookshelves throughout the towns.I recommend this game. I think you could play it fast or like me, take time to fully explore the world."
,Recommended,448170,33022124,Posted: 29 June,all,TheStormWarriors,Very Promising game that I have enjoyed since it first came out in the Last Dream V1. Now it has become the more successful vision of what it originally wanted with lack of bugs and this game shows a suberb improvement and increase in not only difficult but compelling.
76561198003034155,Recommended,448170,33830572,Posted: 27 July,all,Morgit,Buy it
76561198398353953,Not Recommended,448170,34892385,Posted: 11 September,all,thebeasttt112,This game is a good example of the difference between non linear and aimless wandering. The gameplay feels extremely lost and they probably should have added another class at least. Play the original but skip this one.
76561198009517444,Recommended,448170,32159164,Posted: 3 June,all,matt.gilligan,"I haven't played a ton of this game yet, only about 2 hours, but I have a fairly specific problem with it.Your party starts at level 60 with 10+ abilities a person, and a full equipment loadout. Storywise this makes a certain amount of sense (this isn't these guys first adventure) but I find myself *extremely* unhappy with it.I want to grow my characters myself, and acclimate slowly to their skills. I'm a hardcore veteran of all the games Last Dream is trying to emulate, and very much enjoyed the previous game. And I'm pretty surprised even at myself that this is ruining the experience for me so much, but there you have it. If there was just some ""oh, we somehow forgot everything we knew about fighting!"" line, I would have been completely fine with it.I can't bring myself to actually thumbs down the game, as I truly do want to support the devs, and I understand that my particular problem might be very niche. The game itself plays the same as Last Dream, and I've liked what little I've seen so far of music and story, and it may be that after I push through a few more hours, I will no longer be bothered this problem.But as it stands, it feels like an enormous road block for me personally. I will be happy to update this later if my feelings change."
,Not Recommended,448170,32963592,Posted: 28 June,all,Nocty,Screen flickering all the thime can't recommend this game with this problem. Bad game design.
76561198008932506,Not Recommended,448170,33657359,Posted: 19 July,all,MrJane,"You start at Level 60. Sure, you can get to Level 120, but right at the start of the game, you can spam Fire 7 and Holy or whatever to kill everyone. Battles are boring and pointless. Story is very uninspired. You lost your memory! You're in a strange place! Join a guild! ZZzzzzZZZzzz... Good thing I got this on sale."
76561197994894286,Not Recommended,448170,32119528,Posted: 1 June,all,Crysillion,"As an avid user of RPG Maker, I found the original Last Dream extremely simple in design, but simple in a good way. Simple when simple is good, simple when simple is what you're looking for. Last Dream: World Unknown seems to be fairly similar in this regard, and that's a welcome sight.However, I must admit that in my short time playing the game thus far, this installment in the Last Dream series has been more of a confusing and frustrating experience than the previous iteration.Right away, I could not figure out how to save my game. This meant that I ended up creating my party and adjusting their stats two different times, because the first time I died and was sent back to the Title Screen with no game to load (because I could never save). Perhaps this is my fault, but the idea of not being able to save in towns is very, very unusual and not exactly the most user-friendly approach to be taking with a ""classic J-RPG style game"".In order to save the game, you have two options: either you go to a designated save location, in which bafflingly, none exist in the starting town (from what I've seen, anyway), or you use a Tent item to rest up, in which you are then prompted with the ability to save (in which the Tent items themselves do not even tell you that they allow you to save, so you're left to figure this out on your own).If being able to save the game is a confusing experience, then your game is already off to a bad start, but I pressed on, because to deem a game as ""bad"" over this flaw would be jumping the gun more than just a little bit.The game starting you off at such a high level was an interesting choice. I actually thought I had accidentally set something wrong in the options in my first playthrough when this happened, but indeed, you are actually meant to start the game at such a high level. This makes the game feel rather abrupt. You start out with a plethora of abilities and high-end gear and you progress from there. It's a weird feeling to start the game and already feel accomplished and far ahead within the first five minutes, but I digress. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, just an unusual design choice.The real problem I had with the game, the issue that made me close it out and decide that maybe I'll revisit it some other time, was in the first boss fight atop the snowy tower. The Garuda.This enemy was a fairly straight-forward fight. It sometimes froze your allies and you discovered that the White Mage's ""Panacea"" skill actually didn't cure more things than it listed in its description, it sometimes did big AoE attacks that weren't too terribly life-threatening, and over-all it was setup to be your traditional run-of-the-mill introductory boss fight -- easy.However, somewhere in the fight the boss decides to cast a very specific buff on itself. A buff that allows it to recover 10% of its Max HP per turn for 3~5 turns. This doesn't seem like much, and while it was annoying to be faced with an enemy that heals itself so early into the game, I figured it was probably more of a gimmick than a problem.How very wrong I was.The damage font is extremely weird in that I wasn't sure if I was inflicting ~3.5k damage per turn and the Garuda was healing for 1.5k per turn, or if I was inflicting ~3.5k damage per turn and the Garuda was healing for 7.5k. In case you haven't caught on, the number 1 and the number 7 in the games chosen font for displaying damage numbers is strikingly similar. Regardless, much to my frustration, the latter was happening.The boss was healing for twice the damage I was inflicting per turn. Effectively, I got the boss weakened, and then it was fully healed again. Well, okay. I can't say that I like it, but maybe it only happens once.When the boss ended up casting this skill again, I figured at that point that I was supposed to lose the fight, because there was actually no way I could win.I died. I got sent to the Title Screen.If this is the direction the game is going to be taking so early, then I'm not entirely sure it's a game I could recommend for others. When the first boss fight has such an absurdly annoying mechanic and tests your parties damage capabilities to the breaking point within the first hour of play, then there is a problem.For a game that affords so much customizability in party setup and stat allocation, I feel pigeonholed into min-maxing my damage output from the very beginning. Doesn't exactly make me excited about the future possibilities."
76561198297189004,Not Recommended,448170,32142424,Posted: 2 June,all,"Not Technically a ""Gamer""","Hmmmm. Well it looks like Last Dream: World Unknown did come out after all, after untold delays.I wrote a review a while ago for the original Last Dream, where I berated the game for many things, including the fact that the planned sequels appeared to be ""vaporware"". It looks like things gelled after all.This 'Expansion' to LD1 is easily a full length RPG in its own right.Some of the compaints I leveled against LD1 are at least less complainable here. While there is sadly still a lot of boring RPGMaker stock art like in the first game (a hilarious punk rock thief who is three times taller in battle than my pixelated chibi-style runt party, still makes me cringe), there's also a lot more custom art. It looks a little bit more put together, often better than simply filler for the grinding gears of RPG treadmilling. And as for the audio, the orchestrated score is clearly one of the high points. Whoever was responsible for the music and sound design didn't slouch. I didn't play long enough to see if the awful heavy metal cheesy battle themes are still part of the experience, but hopefully not.The ""roleplaying"" in RPG, is as usual, barely worth mentioning. Since your party is custom-created, which can feel very rewarding in its own right, it is also devoid of personality or dialogue. The story is one cornucopia of regurgitated fantasy cliches with your ""old party"" (or not) from LD1 making its ethereal return, and plenty of breaking-the-fourth-wall humor all in the mix. Not really my cup of tea. Also not my cup of tea that the first ten minutes of this game has a plot based on an advanced antoganist race's ""biological evolution"", as I am one of the few Bible believing gamers who would even have an interest in a game like this (yep) ... sometimes I question the mere worth of my hobby, friends. But honestly, how immersive or believable can an alternate world feel when even the weakest initial enemy encounters are an actual challenge for your epic, god-tier starting party of four? Where does that leave an ordinary commoner in such a ""world""? I guess nobody can walk out of town gates without getting poofed to dust from a chance encounter with fauna. It makes NO sense that walking around on the grassy overworld triggers random battles of insanely advanced might and danger compared to initial encounters of the first game, where you actually started out from the dregs of herodom.As another reviewer recently mentioned, he couldn't even figure out how to save his game. And if that's not easy to figure out within ten minutes of starting a game, you know there's going to be problems.Last Dream 2, however many years it's going to take for it to come out, may improve further yet in the ways I'd like, but since the core team will be the same, I doubt it will even branch too much further out from the color-by-numbers, runs-of-mills Dragon Quest/Final Fantasy for SNES retrobuffet this is. I sort of regret even the $5 I payed on sale for what, by now, is an incredibly over-familiar and exhausted game paradigm that can no better than parody its old self.You can fire back at me all you want for the fact that it's an indie project and how much can I expect, but still, I'm pretty sure a good indie JRPG looks like Pier Solar, not like this. That game, unlike this one, was from a team without a prior breakout hit, and had lots of different physical releases for different consoles too. It wasn't completely original as an RPG (how could it be), but it was thoroughly inspired and this game, not so much. This is an immense faceless behemoth in its volume of content, but like McDonald's foods, the sheer caloric content isn't exactly matched up with nutritional benefit, or personal touch. Or like an all-you-can-eat buffet, where the volume of food available at a low and flat price, yours for the taking, may mean a full stomach and even a good experience, but gourmet it is NOT.3/10, because the grandiose legacy of retro RPGs we grew up on, that this game is entirely indebted to, prevent it from being anything truly awful, though wear far thinner and more boring after the dozenth time of playing such a game......."
,Recommended,448170,34086713,Posted: 7 August,all,alpha_nerodadada,"Those who like classic JRPG will love this game. Although the story isn't the best or very interesting, it's still quite good. Tons of lore to be discovered by reading the books (you know what I mean when you play the game).-Deep and interesting character leveling up system-Tons of things to craft-Tons of exploration and the game encourages you to explore on your own-Things you do will affect the ending"
,Recommended,448170,35480789,Posted: 4 October,all,AVelhavenn,"tl;dr:Gameplay-wise, this is the best rpg I've ever played. You need to at least play the demo.Disclaimer : This game is a direct sequel to Last Dream. However, I have never played that game. Therefore this review will be looking at this game as a stand-alone game.An overview of World UnknownWorld Unknown is the best blend of classic jrpg gameplays. Every part of its gameplay is very polished and balanced resulting the most fun I've ever had with any jrpg. It's not without flaw (I'll get to that later), but even in its worst moments I still have a lot of fun adventuring in the world of Firma. It also has a charming story that stood on its own so you don't really have to play the first game.A competent party and their epic battlesOne thing that immediately sets World Unknown apart from other Rpgs of its kind is that your characters start at level 60 and you can immediately re-spec them after intro cutscene. This means that you won't have to waste hours punching rats before getting to the fun part. And as your character grow stronger, you can further customize them by manually increasing select stats during level ups. There's also a system where you can buy and equip skills, but it's kinda moot since you'll be able to buy everything your character can buy by the end-game. The item system more than made up for it though, crafting various gears and choosing which ones you want to wear is exciting because they have real benefits instead of just stat-padders.Various states of status effects (and crits)My favourite thing from World Unknown's battle system is its varied status effects. Starting from common confusion easily dispelled by an errant hit to godly paralysis that not even death can dispell. Not only do they add complexity to gears arrangement, you also have to sometime drastically change your strategy to deal with them. Is it worth it to keep that idiot Engineer alive? Would it be more efficient to leave him to his demise before raising and rebuffing him? Or maybe you can use him to drain the enemy's mp so you don't have to deal with the status effects?Unfortunately, nothing is perfectThe game's biggest failing is in its qte minigame. I don't know if it's engine limitation, but the prompt always displays default control scheme. So if you use an alternate control scheme or a gamepad, you won't know what to press. They are mostly optional, casino minigame can be ignored and thief's minigame only gives some punishment but it still lets you continue. However, the one in the main plot requires you to get an obscure item if you don't want to use your keyboard and set it to use default control. I happen to stumble upon the item since I like to read the hunt descriptions, but I imagine it'd be quite an annoyance if you didn't find it.All in all, World Unknown is still something I'd wholeheartedly recommend to everyone who doesn't mind reading in their games. The gameplay is very fun. The level up is actually meaningful. There's no grinding required (I even halved my encounter rate towards the end of my playthrough). The NPCs are endearing enough to make me regret that I failed to protect them. And the character class has nice variety so I'll definitely do another playthrough with different classes."
