user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198034883739,Recommended,448290,29448188,Posted: 23 January,all,Marioaddict,"Before you read any further, please note that this game only gets a half-hearted recommendation from me. It's certainly not a terrible game or anything - it is good. But it's not really great, either. Just kind of... average good.Like, ok, so the art looks fantastic. The game is downright gorgeous, as you can see from the screenshots. And the writing for the story is pretty top-notch as well, and the game has some very creative moments involving the story. But as for the gameplay? Well, it's not *bad* or anything, it serves its purpose. But its not super entertaining. Once you upgrade your health one or two times, the levels become very trivial (except for the final level which spikes up in difficulty so far it feels like slamming into a brick wall). And the reverse boss fights - which were easily the thing I was looking forwards to the most, mind you - were a bit of a letdown. They all controlled a bit clunkily, and the one where you punch the ground gets special mention for being incredibly frustrating to control. Not to mention the heroes you're supposed to be fighting are very, VERY predictable, and as a result not difficult at all to fight.But, in my opinion, the game's biggest sins come from its sound design. Now, the music on its own is all fine - I love Taranto's work, usually. This time around, however, the tracks sound... lacking. I'm not quite sure how to put it other than that. They feel like they needed maybe a couple more passes to make them something truly spectacular. On top of that, most of the time the tracks are far too sweeping and slow paced to fit the fast paced, action-y feel of the game. Also they commit the unforgivable sin of improper looping - instead of seamless loops (which have clearly been composed into the tracks), they fade out after about 2 loops and then start over at the beginning. As a sound designer myself, I cannot forgive that. It's just lazy.Overall, this game feels... unfinished. The sound design all sounds kind of work in progress, there's a lot of areas where the game feels a bit unpolished (no death animations, no flashy animations for defeating heroes (hell, not even any dialogue for that), things that clearly should have sound effects not having them, etc.).I still reccomend the game. For what it's worth, it's a good, servicable product. Just don't expect anything great."
,Not Recommended,448290,29512902,Posted: 26 January,all,Justin_Brett,"Argh. This is one of those games. The would-be greats, the ones that could have, should have been good, but for whatever reason or other just didn’t end up being. These tend to upset me more than just outright bad games, since it seems so easy to look at things that could have been changed to make it great. Nefarious has a lot of those.You play as Crow, latest in a line of bird-themed sky pirates whose MO is kidnapping princesses. His typical target is Princess Mayapple, but is always foiled by her kingdom’s hero, Mack. At the end of the game’s tutorial level, though, Mack decides to throw in the towel by breaking up with Mayapple, since in his own words she sees Crow more than he does. It’s a good introduction to the game and decently humorous.Even though he’s not used to actually winning, Crow decides to go whole hog with the opportunity, and steal four more princesses to power a doomsday device and take over the world. Each resides in a different themed kingdom with its own gimmick, and you have to bust through their security, kidnap them, and make it back out. You do this through platforming, and this is where the game unfortunately starts to become lack-luster.Crow’s arsenal consists of a metal gauntlet he can either punch people with, or fire grenades out of. You can do these in any direction you want, although bizarrely your punch is right click on a mouse and the grenades are bound to the left, which seems really backwards. Now, even though you’re the villain (a very silly, essentially harmless villain, but one nonetheless) in the story, it never felt to me like that factored into the gameplay much. These two attacks are pretty much all Crow has, and he ends up feeling weaker than many heroes from similar games: Mega Man and Shovel Knight have a whole arsenal of weapons by the end of their games, Kirby has whatever power you want to have, Mario is a deft acrobatic, Shantae can shapeshift into a ton of different forms, and that’s only a few examples. Crow doesn’t really have anything unique of his own, and that would be bad enough if he were just the hero, but the idea of most villains is that they’re set up as superior to the hero, a real obstacle.Which Crow still sort of is, but only because the game is so easy. You can breeze through the stages pretty easily, and most enemies are ineffectual. You start with three heart containers, and damage typically comes in halves. Health drops very often, and you can buy three more hearts inexpensively, letting Crow take up to twelve hits before expiring. All death does anyway is make you drop a bit of your money, Shovel Knight style.Midway into each stage, you kidnap that world’s princess, and gain an ability from each of them (except for Mayapple since her kingdom’s the tutorial). This is where something interesting could have come into play, but I found it a letdown. The first, a bug princess, gives you a hover-jump, which isn’t bad but has been done before. The second, a dwarf, turns the rest of the level into an auto-scroller after she decides to make Crow into her steed. I actually really liked the demon kingdom’s gimmick, where you send out a wave of fire upon throwing a grenade which hardens into a platform, but you hardly use it. Once you bring a princess back to the ship you don’t use their ability again, so none of their mechanics feel as fleshed out as they could be.Before that, though, you have to deal with the heroes protecting them. In theory this is where Crow’s villainy comes more into play, as instead of fighting them on foot you hop into one of his robots, flipping the perspective around. That’s a great idea, but the devil lies in the execution. The first of these places you in what’s basically the wrecking ball hovercraft Doctor Robotnik used in the very first Sonic boss fight. Instead of it working like that game, though, you’re fighting with the physics engine to swing the ball at a fairly small target, sort of spoiling the homage. In the second, you’re in a giant robot (I assume also a Robotnik reference, in this case to his final fight in Sonic 3 & Knuckles) trying to pound a dwarf with its fists, but your movement is limited to jerking the body back and forth, and punching at the same two spots. It’s clumsy, and nowhere near as enjoyable as I imagine they hoped. The two guys you fight also have clear patterns and vulnerability periods, so they don’t really feel like you’re fighting something controlled by the player - compare it to Shovel Knight’s boss fight in Plague Knight’s campaign, where he has tactics for every situation and uses his full arsenal of weaponry.A lot of other reviews of this game praise the characters, and here I sort of have to disagree. The princesses you kidnap are pretty one note, and while Crow himself is a decent character, he’s the same kind of ‘laughable bad guy’ I’ve seen in plenty of other media. It’s not anything new, and that’s actually true on Steam as well, since Plague Knight (I'm sorry for bringing that game up so much in this review) pretty much does everything Crow does but with much better gameplay. I was particularly disappointed with the heroes you fight, since they're practically non-entities aside from Mack and only show up for their fights. It feels like they could have been a more constant premise, although that would probably take more levels for each kingdom.Overall Nefarious could have been a classic, but unfortunately the gimmick seems to have overshadowed having really good, or even just solid gameplay, and you can’t get away with not having that in a platform game."
,Recommended,448290,29455375,Posted: 23 January,all,Kabukiman,"Ok, so I'm a very huge fan of the concept of being a villain. This game? does exactly that. Sure, I beat this game in 6 hours cause this game reminds me of Wario Land, but it was a great experience to fight those goody two shoes heroes and foiling their generic themed rescue missions. This game most of it all; RPG elements (for like 10 minutes), underwater segments, references to other video games (I'm looking at you villain museum lake), and many other things. Now, There are some things about this game that is frustrating.... well in my opinion that is.1) This game did feel rather short, but then again its probably cause I'm one of those ""advanced gamers""2) This game's collectables are rather frustrating to find or understand where to access3) This game feels like There is some cut content which makes it feel shortOther than those peeves listed above, this game is great.Good Soundtrack? You bet.Good character design and level design? But Of course!Good Story? Hell yeah!So what score could I possibly give this game?8.3 outta 10 seems fairmostly cause of its length but it's  positives make up for its length."
,Recommended,448290,29476965,Posted: 24 January,all,🎃 Torbin 🎃,"Do I love this game? Hell, what is there NOT to love? It's everything I've ever asked for in a game!The villain as the playable protagonist, waifu worthy material everywhere, and a whole lot of retro references.If I had a lot of arms, I would give this a thousand thumbs up.Guess I should say one more thing before I post the review...VILLAIN NUMBER ONE!"
76561198012852003,Recommended,448290,29455431,Posted: 23 January,all,A0602,"+ Concept, character building and dialogue are spot on. A real treat to enjoy+ Variety of unique gameplay styles and encounters helps keep things fresh+ Art from Gashi-Gashi is delightful- Enemy placement and level designof the basic platformer gameplay are rather unfair, often unfun- The Sound Effects (or lack thereof) in the boss battles makes them feel a little hollowI was pretty excited to play this game when it came to my attention a couple weeks ago. I was excited to play from the other side. I always thought that the villain was always the more interesting character. For a good portion of the game though, it plays out like a lot of other typical  platformers. The way the game sets itself apart being the delightful banter between characters and the power-trip of being the bad guy. There is a variety of gameplay styles included in the game, but the majority of it your standard platformer ... a platformer that  can be rather unforgiving. This really seems in contrast with the power-trip that I wanted to get out of this game.So yeah, the gameplay was disappointing in parts, but I fell in love with the characters. I have little desire to actually play the game anymore, but I felt I got what I paid for. I want more of the characters, but I don't feel like it has to be from here. If there was a TV show, movie, or comic book with Crow as our lead guy I'd be all over it. That being said, if this was introduced to me some other way, it wouldn't stick. It had to be a video game for this to work."
76561198046706319,Not Recommended,448290,29457334,Posted: 23 January,all,DaemonVayne,listen i was hyped for this game. at first it looked great. gashi gashi doing the art. reverse bossfights princesses little tropes a villains arsenal. then i played the game. the first couple levels were alright  i guess. nothing too impressive. the humor was good. i thought it had voice acting the first few seconds. then everything became average. i didnt feel like i was having fun. the egg man reverse fight was okay the rpg one was♥♥♥♥♥♥ i noticed later the characters sprites(?) were not appealing to look at. i made my way through half the game looking at the portraits gashi gashi did and only then realized the actual sprites were gross. the arsenal was interesting to get into for 3 levels and then it all became boring. like this is a little upsetting i wouldn't recommend it but i won't try to hunt everyone who wants to play it down and tell them no either. who ever is reading this now it's all up to you.
76561198099773197,Recommended,448290,29532854,Posted: 27 January,all,KaityChameleon,"The controls could stand to be a bit tighter and there are a few bugs here and there, but other than that I find this game to be very enjoyable. The art is beautiful, the soundtrack is fun, and the story and cast are fantastic. Worth the money in my opinion.My only regret is that we didn't tell Becky what a thorax is."
76561198082819515,Recommended,448290,29478236,Posted: 25 January,all,Mister Marcus,"I'll be honest - I wish this was an RPG.As a sort of pseudo-platformer, it is decent but the controls are not perfect. If the devs ever tighten them up so you don't slide so much during jumps and make grenade jumping a bit more predictable - this will be a solid game gameplay wise.That said - love the characters. The story is nice, the dialouge is filled with humor and villain jokes. To be honest - I wish this was an RPG because that way they'd add MORE interactions. Or so I hope - I badly need more of these characters.Sequel?With more dialog?Please?I'd buy...."
,Recommended,448290,30757774,Posted: 26 March,all,Ozzie Arcane,"The story is a lot better then what I expected from this game. I just figured it was going to be goofy, but just like was the case for me with Disgaea, it does have it's more serious moments and even might hit you in the feels a time or two.The gameplay really isn't anything special but it serves it's purpose and I enjoyed it well enough as someone who usually doesn't like playing platformers.Also has one of the most memorable soundtracks for me in recent memory."
,Not Recommended,448290,29472561,Posted: 24 January,all,Scott,"Pros)The game is not capped to 60fps, running great at 144fps.The dialogue is very funny.The art design is excellent.Cons)There is an excellent game in here however I feel it needs a bit more polish, the major problem with the game that I've noticed is the sound design. I'm not the only one who has noticed it either.Stock sound effects, Music that doesn't loop and has too much of an easy going tone for the game plus there is no victory fanfare when you win a hero fight.Beyond that there is instances of missing graphical effects that most other games have. For example when you're in the level select screen and select the next area you'd normally expect some kind of scene transition but instead it just instantly loads the next thing.Compare that to the newest Shantae game, when you select a level you get an appropriate sound effect and animation before fading to black. This is just one example too.Don't get me wrong here, maybe that sort of thing doesn't bother you and if thats the case all power to you but I can't help but notice these things and it does take me out of whatever I'm doing.I wish there was a middle ground between yes and no on the recommendation, because right now I'd say this was a fairly average experience due to the sound shortcomings. I have to be honest and not recommended the game.The good news is the  problems I have with the game can be fixed so I'm hopeful for that in the future."
,Recommended,448290,29473093,Posted: 24 January,all,Diremerc,"Great game, I love the art and the story. The combat and the reverse boss fights are fun but a little too easy no real challenge exept for the last level."
,Not Recommended,448290,29502087,Posted: 26 January,all,burnpsy,"I was really looking forward to this game since its Kickstarter, but I regretfully made it my first Steam Refund today after playing three levels.I'll let others discuss their gripes with the controls, complete lack of input rebinding, mandatory full screen, and other issues of that sort. (If any options regarding those things were present, my apologies, I did not see them anywhere I checked.)My main problem was the presentation, mostly the audio. Most of it is bland or generic, blending into the background. This stood out to me especially in the dwarf level with the miniboss. The regular music was used for the entire fight, making the whole thing feel less exciting than it otherwise would have.In addition to this, there are very few sound effects, and the game seemingly doesn't acknowledge if you lose against the heroes in the boss fight - not even the far too speedy and soundless window that normally appears when you die. I'm not saying that your money should drop if you lose these fights, I'm saying there should be slightly more here than an unceremonious dump to the checkpoint 5 seconds before the fight.More, minor issues include using B (on a 360 controller) to talk to people, but trying to open the upgrade screen by pressing B immediately closes it. Also, even if using a controller, keyboard prompts appear during cutscenes by default each time until you press a button. The game should at least remember what input device I'm using.Overall, I see potential here, but the game lacks several layers of polish. As I don't like things undercooked, I cannot personally recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,448290,29461023,Posted: 24 January,all,DayBroNa,"I wanted to like this. Between the slippery♥♥♥♥♥movement and the ear-shattering sound effects/music though, I just... can't. Visually it's pretty good, but there's some issues with not being able to tell what's a platform and what isn't, down to the colour palette.I wanted to like this. ):"
76561198012124111,Recommended,448290,29467712,Posted: 24 January,all,Snakebite262,"+Interesting story. It had the feel of a saturday morning kid's cartoon and undertale.+ Good art. I love the portrait art.+ Great characters and character designs.+Wonderful platforming.-There is a disconect between the character art and the portrait art.- Some minions only have one line of dialoge, dispite the fact that everyone else on the ship has a new line per mission.-Far too short, you can beat the thing in a single day.-Some frutrations with controls; A very, very slight disconct would occationally occur (like .01 seconds)Overall: I really enjoyed this game. It's short enough to be a flash game, but it's does have a wonderful cast of characters."
76561198005351852,Recommended,448290,34299887,Posted: 16 August,all,Dr. Greenman The Scary Scientist,"Alright, after chatting with others about games and stuff, I mentioned that I would like to have more games where you are THE villain and not just like other games where you can do whatever you want, I mean where you ARE the one who all are suppose to fear and hate, the one who is the stage boss or final boss of everything and one of them mentioned this one.When I first time see this, I pretty much liked what I saw in trailer and decided to give a try and my first impression was that this kinda has voice acting in the game, but it is mostly just text.So as you can see the design of the main character and some others are pretty much inspired from megaman and others and the art style is quite nice to look at, especially on Crow's character design (oh by the way, Crow is the main character)As for the gameplay, it is good ol' platformer and you have to get to end of the stage for boss battle, but with one twist with battles, YOU are the boss of the stage and I was pretty much waiting for it to finally show other bosses how it's done for real.Nefarious also has upgrades, but to be honest, you're mostly going to use just grenade launcher perhaps for entire game, only if you're trying to collect all stuff from stage.Alright, let's just check all the Positives, neutrals and cons.POSITIVES.+ Interesting gameplay.As I said and as you saw on trailer, you play as villain and as stage boss, than as another ordinary platformer where you just go there, beat the boss and save the world.+ ArtstyleThe artstyle is quite comical and perhaps even fitting for this kind of game, where you are as typical villain.+ StoryI will say once again, I'm not good with story section, but this one has good one on comedy side, kinda reminds me Disgaea.+ MusicAs being villain, you need kickass theme... Or Jazzy one too.I pretty much like Crows theme and some other theme as well, especially the final battle theme.+ Being as villainI don't think I need to explain why, but these kind of games are rare and I know you can be evil in other games like skyrim or other, but I mean being the absolute threat to the world, to be leader of  evil force, to be the villain in game.NEUTRALS.= Crow having a nose.I dunno why I focusing on nose, maybe because, other doesn't have one or on main cover and mostly he doesn't have it and I kinda liked about his design, but it's a random thing that suddenly popped up and doesn't even matter on this.= You need your first range weapon to get all collectibles.I've used grenade launcher to get all crowns and vinyls, even if some part you don't even need it, but you still mostly use it.= 12 hour gameplay.If you do everything in the game, get all items and other levels, it is just 12 hour of gameplay or less if you're good at it, but it isn't that bad, it just depends your opinion how long gameplay it should be or so.CONS.- Less upgradesYou can almost get all upgrade on playing couples stage and getting all the credits that you can find.- Jumping points almost ridicilous precision pointsI don't know if you're struggling with these, those purples points that has bombs in it to make a jump, I had a great difficulties to manage those jumps, even with the controller, I still manage to fail to jump from them, because it feels like it is very precise on when you push the jump button.Most of the times however, I manage to jump on them, but some reason certain parts just went for fail jump several times.Still it might be just me or xbox one controller is derping around those parts.Conclusion.Nefarious is those rare villain games, which I want to see more, rather than those others where you can be ""villain"" if you want to, but is this game worth of your attention?Well, it depends, but if you want my opinion, I say it is worth your attention, since after all, I am the mad scientist and an villain who just happens not having his own fortress... And minions... Or rival...ANYWAY, that's all for now.Doktor Greenman, logging out."
,Recommended,448290,29473447,Posted: 24 January,all,Psychotopia,"fun characters, intresting and diverse boss fights, nice asthetic, controls feels a bit less responsive than they could be but i stoped noticing it after about an hour, the music is an amazing fit for the game"
76561197999489902,Recommended,448290,34869870,Posted: 10 September,all,Galorit,"Highly enjoyable little platformer with humorous dialogue and situations. I laughed aloud more than once at their wonderful deconstruction of villian tropes. Controls are a bit floaty, but it's not too bad once you get used to it."
76561198086978946,Not Recommended,448290,32247522,Posted: 7 June,all,Dany_Gabriel,"Nefarious gives me mixed feelings. While an enjoyable single player experience, it felt hollow at times to me.*BEFORE I go any further, note this review will have spoilers. I want to dissect this game and why its problems stand out to me in full. So because of this, I wont have censor bars. If only because that would get annoying to see almost half or all of the review blanketed. Thank you.*First off, the music. Its not bad, but at times during a level, the music really didn't fit the mood of the situation. It feels awkward to me and the music can potentially get annoying hearing it on repeat. Some change in music would be nice sometimes.Gameplay is weird, and it is a MUST, I REPEAT MUST to have a controller, or you'll have trouble with this game. Its movement feels a bit sticky and slippery at the same time, as your character slides with what little momenteum he's got. This makes it troubling when in later levels you have to deal with instant death pits and surfaces. It is ESPECIALLY frustrating on the secret level, when you have to hop on small moving platforms to get to the next checkpoint. I just got frustrated at this game really. The punching is awkward as it sometimes, if not, always misses the enemies or doesn't push them back enough to not get hit. Making the ranged weapon a must use. And lobbing grinades is annoying enough as it is as you have no way of telling what the tragectory is unless you spam it, which is equally risky as your bombs can knock you around.Topping this with platforming and enemies that can fill the screen and/or attack through surfaces like walls, then you have frustrating gameplay. And this doesn't help when the true final boss is a little more fast paced than previous fights. And this current state of the gameplay isn't equipped for that if you top THAT with bad hit detection, which is very, very frequent. Weapons that should miss you by inches hit you anyways, and being on the hearts system, thats not a good recipe. I really dont like this gameplay on later levels as it really does break my interest in the game when I have to be focused on the dumbest things. Especially on bramble path, which, by the way, has the most infuriating platforming in a game with slippery/sticky controls while enemies flood you at every orface. This is not fun, this is annoying. A bunch of badly made mechanics are clumped together to create an annoying game that is realized later down the line.The one thing that kept me going, although, was the story and humor. The humor is gigglingly funny if only because the story lines up well with it. Being about a villian trying to break the status quo of ""Hero beats baddy, wins the day"". I like it then, but then the story goes into ""friendship solves all problems"", which was kind of a let down, but the humor was enough to make me ignore some of the stories downfalls. If you like funny and witty dialogue, come down here.The artstyle, let me be honest, is not that great. Its trying to go for a cartoony look but it just doesn't fit. I feel it should've had more flare to it or at least some interesting theme around it, but its just plain cartoony. In all honesty, I dont like it. It doesn't have to be pixelly or anything, but I would prefer it would be more interesting to look at if anything.  Mixing that with the music and it honestly feels bland after the seventh loop of the same song. Not that great in my personal opinion.The ""Reverse-Boss Fights"" are...really meh when you think about it. Really its just pressing some buttons, while doing one thing that dodges their attack. It could've been more dynamic or challenging, but it just didn't feel like so. The final boss on the normal route though, that was honestly good to play, if only because the challenge felt like it was there. The true final boss fight, again, was near impossible unless you had a stroke of luck. It practically requires a controller to play and even then good luck with the hit detection/hit boxes.Overall, not that great. It may have good humor and an interesting story, but its just held down from being what it is, a video game. Unless its on a damn good sale or you just want to see what its like for yourself, go ahead. Just be warned as the repetitive unchanging music mixed with a featureless artstyle, frustrating gameplay and somewhat disappointing outcome of the story can make for a boring experience that might as well have been time spent on something else.I love this game for what it set out, but the outcome just didn't meet basic standards."
,Not Recommended,448290,29490761,Posted: 25 January,all,Willy Trombone,"Amidst just an ""okay"" 2D platformer lies a cast of really interesting characters whom are this game's biggest strength. I would be lying if I said that I wasn't torn on weither I would recommend this game or not, but my view centres almost dead in the middle with a score that would probably be a 5/10. This is why ended up saying it isn't worth it. The price compared to the quality of content you get here is quite frankly a bad deal. With a few more pounds, you could get any of the two recent Shantae games instead.Anyway, let me explain why I don't believe this game is worth it.I think it would be best to start with the presentation, as that's most likely the thing to hook you in and try it. I was hooked in by the artwork by Gashi Gashi, an artist whom I had seen numerous times before. I felt excited to see their talent used for a video game, however, I was sorely disapointed when I found out that their artwork is only used in conversation segments of the game. The rest of the game boasts a fairly decent artstyle, albiet a bit... bad? In places? It varies on a level to level basis, seemingly almost at random. One good example is an underwater scene where for some reason the artstyle abruptly changes to matte and solid colours. Another one is a horseback riding scene where the background is the same style as the main game, but both your character and the enemies are coloured only in red and blue. Was there actually an art direction in this game?This game doesn't look bad, I'm not saying it does, but it has a HUGE lack in consistency. Gashi Gashi's phenominal work atop the game's lukewarm, sometimes MS Paint esq artstyle creates a huge disconnect for me personally. One specific scene where you're on a dating show just looks... pretty bad. I spent most of my time looking at the conversation icons instead of the actual scene the characters were placed in.The music to me is also a bit of a disapointment. There are a few tracks that really stand out and create such a nice atmosphere, like the one in the underwater segment, but the rest are pretty bland and generic. Mostly uninteresting songs you could shove into any 2D platformer and get similar results. At least the music is always there, unlike the sound design. I honestly began to wonder if the game was just horribly bugged to the point that some sounds just chose not to play. But nope, it turns out that there's just isn't that much sfx in the game anyway. It really does feel like there wasn't much of an effort to create a game that both looked and sounded interesting.The gameplay is pretty much your typical 2D platformer, however, it's inspirations become very clear once you've played but a few levels. Most of it came from Shovel Knight if I had to guess. Grenade jumping somewhat like what the Plague Knight does with his bombs. Death mechanics which are pretty much just a copy paste. Stupid and unfair death pits which only serve to artificially increase the difficulty. There really isn't much new in this game to experience gameplay wise if you have already played Shovel Knight.However what really does actually♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, is how the game introduces and throws away interesting game mechanics in the same level. Each Princess you capture has a different mechanic to them, but guess what? A majority of them are literally used once in the level you capture them in and no where else. There's one where throwing bombs creates a smoke cloud you can walk on, creating some very intriguing and interesting terrain puzzles. However after having 15 minutes of fun with it, it leaves never to be seen again. So much oppertunity was lost in making you just chug through every new game mechanic.So, what can I praise in this game? It's characters. Each character is noticably diverse and interesting, their personalities shining through the sometimes brilliant writing that went into the story. Each character's interaction with each other is a delight to read, especially those involving Crow (the protagonist). Crow is smug, witty and overall a great hoot of a character to watch. His quips and comebacks to each situation keeps him feeling like the star of the show. The other characters are given a decent amount of time in the spotlight too, with the princesses all having a different view on Crow and their surroundings. It really is the biggest strength this game has, alongside it's character design maybe.I could really see this game being right up WayForward's alley. It's 100% something they would do, but the excecution here is decent at best. It lacks overall quality in areas that it matters, polish is missing from all the levels which are quite blocky and uninteresting anyway, and it introduces and abandons interesting game mechanics a few minutes into their initial introduction.Like I said, it's a 5/10. You may think I'm being too harsh, but for £10, I think my score is easily justified."
76561198148760818,Recommended,448290,29470895,Posted: 24 January,all,SSBFreak,"I was waiting for this game ever since it was promoted on Brawl in the Family. I thought it looked like an interesting idea and early screenshots made it look like a neat take on the platformer genre.Now it's finally out, and it was a day-one purchase for me simply because I was waiting for it for the better part of a couple years. Was it worth the wait?Okay, let's start with the positives: The game looks real great and the animations are smooth. I can notice the odd slip-up with graphics here and there, but for the most part everything looks good. The different looks of the stages are a nice touch as well, with some of them being bright and colourful and some being dark and ominous. There are only about five different ""islands"" spread out between all the levels in the game, so you will notice a bit of repetition in graphics between the levels that take place on the same island, however.Gameplay is good, and playing with a keyboard and mouse I had few issues with the controls. The controls do take a little bit to get used to, especially with the mouse, where the right click is the melee attack and the left click is the ranged. Normally I would picture it being the other way around, but here I was able to get used to the controls pretty quickly. For the most part, the gameplay is largely running, jumping, punching and throwing bombs, but different gameplay mechanics come into play on some of the levels, usually just for one level. Things are for the most part kept pretty basic.As far as the humour in the game goes, I found a lot of the dialogue to be pretty funny, and a lot of the jabs are usually at Crow's expense. There are references to all sorts of different game genres scattered throughout the game, and I'm sure most gamers will pick up on them.Now for the negatives: The biggest, glaring one is the downright cheapness during a few of the levels. For the most part, the levels are pretty straightforward and nothing you shouldn't be able to handle, but a couple of the levels have enemy placement and instant-death surfaces that shoot the difficulty factor past hard and into unfair territory. The last level alone was the cause of most of my respawns in the game solely for how annoying the enemies and pits were.While they're few and far between there ARE some noticeable graphic errors here and there. This is something that hopefully can be fixed later on, but for the moment it IS a little nitpick I have with the game.Overall, I do like the game and I think it's worth picking up. Your mileage may vary on whether you think it's worth the full price, but I say if you see it for a good price during a sale, then pick it up and give it a try."
,Recommended,448290,29507747,Posted: 26 January,all,Prince of Eros,"A clever and fun little platformer with a fun twist of being the villain who kidnaps the princess.That aside though, with just the ""reverse boss fights"" the theme is just that; a theme.  So, don't expect any minion management or having mini bosses answer to you should they fail to take down a hero--the Frosting of this cake may be ""villain"" but at its center its just cake.Very good cake, however.I don't do numbers when I talk about these games but a 7/10 is an appropriate rating nonetheless.The one issue that I have (and others too from what I've read) is that the controls are a bit...well, sluggish.  I wouldn't say there's input delay but you need at least a few minutes to get use to them--they are not however, broken or unmanagable but this is also a matter of opinion and personal experience.Either way, for the price and the content, I'd say its worth a pick up."
76561198006882147,Recommended,448290,29645356,Posted: 2 February,all,Sasqautch,"Really enjoyed this , Reminds me of playing a Disney Genesis game but i am the villian. I think they did a great job making you a villian and getting to be the boss in the boss fights. I really enjoy the story and art style. With different endings there is re playability which is nice and other achievments to go back and get. For me i didn't get all the upgrades because i lose my gold just like i lose my rings in Sonic lol , so going back and trying other upgrades is fun too : ) I can see love and care was put into this game. Well done devs this should get more spotlight."
76561198067449493,Recommended,448290,30451293,Posted: 11 March,all,glassguy2,"Now, let me explain. This game is fairly short, but the time I had playing it, it was great. The premise, of you being the bad guy, was extremely well done. From you playing Poker with other villians, it really feels like you ARE the bad guy. The plot is sweet, the gameplay is great----I could go on about this game for hours. So, let me just give you the fast version.PROS:- Amazing story, amazing characters- Fun, and interesting gameplay.- Good and bad endings- Some replayability- GREAT SOUNDTRACK- Touches several genres; RPG, Game Show...somehow.- Switches up the gameplay a lot; the first level you'll be doing something different than the next.- Light-hearted and funny dialogue, and can kick you in the gut with feels.CONS:- Some replayability.- The difficulty curve is a bit strange. I'd be breezing through an easy level, then get demolished with the next level.- The upgrading system's UI is unclear. I thought I was to unlock the locked upgrades as I went.As I played through, I enjoyed this game thoroughly. It's a lot of fun, both in story and out. This'll probably be a game I'll bring up and play every year. I give this game an 8/10---Get it as soon as you have enough steam money. Which, shouldn't be too long, with it's 15 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,448290,29727582,Posted: 5 February,all,ShadowSnake123,"Nefarious is a really great take on 2D action platformers with some unique ideas in mind. The idea of being the campy main villain and kidnapping princess is actually pretty fun and silly. It features intentionally hard  to control ""reverse"" boss fights that are really fun and also gives players the idea of being the actual boss fight which being the boss is no easy task in its self. However one thing to note is that after defeating each boss there wasn't like any dialog exchange with the heroes that you encounter. This kind of gave me the impression that something was missing. The levels for most part feel well designed and really clever all though some parts of the game can be somewhat frustrating. My major criticisms mainly revolve around the game's sound design. While the soundtrack is great for what it is there are a lot of instances where the game demonstrates a lack of necessary sound effects. Example the boss fights are extremely guilty of this. The game's story is very simple and straight forward backed with a lot of silly dialog to read through which made me laugh and giggle. Overall I do recommend if you like playing 2D action platformers even though it could still use some polish from what I mentioned before."
,Recommended,448290,29530470,Posted: 27 January,all,Cornelius!!!!!,"Nefarious is a twisted take on villainy, a satire on what it means to be antagonistic. It's not original, but that's where its strengths lie - it's supposed to be the norm, only you have a very different role in the story than you're used to.It's your standard platforming action: hopping across platforms, grabbing coins and collectibles, punching and blowing up enemies. It's simplicity done well, and it manages to please most audiences to a certain degree - whether you're a casual player, a speedrunner or a completionist, there's something here for you in the gameplay.The story is nothing truly special overall, but the way the dialogue is written is nothing short of charming. That and, the appreciable hand-drawn art style and generic, yet wholesome and appropriate, music makes this a solid parody game.If you want a fun platformer that's unoriginal in some ways yet unique in others, give Nefarious a try."
,Recommended,448290,29557906,Posted: 28 January,all,Goin' HAM Sammich,"Love Love Love this game since I bought it! Awesome music and animations especially, but all around a great game. Though hard at times and even a little frustrating at a few points, it never feels like artificial difficulty for the sake of being challenging, and the level design and enemies feel ""fair"" for the most part. All in all, a solid 9.5/10 for me, plan on playing this for much longer to try to unlock the achievements, and might consider speedrunning if I feel like it. Be sure to support the developers; they did an awesome job!"
76561197981061308,Recommended,448290,29616977,Posted: 31 January,all,GHelmet,Good platformer with lots of funny Dialog.
76561198002484742,Recommended,448290,30065092,Posted: 20 February,all,Sakuro,"Nefarious, left me with alot of feelings, many of which were wonderful. It made me feel sort of inspired. The atmosphere of the whole thing and the music really made it one of the best games i've played this year. I highly recommend this game if you enjoy platformers, or just a good story. It was money well spent."
,Recommended,448290,29531514,Posted: 27 January,all,Shark Merchant,"Nefarious is a platformer where in you play the bad guy (duh).It's short (only ~5 hours), but the game itself is very satasfying.It's not without its problems.Many...MANY problems...But if like platformers and good characters, you'll like this game.From this point on, I'm going to talk about each stage, the mechanics, what works and what doesn't.I love this game but HO BOY, are there problems.Lets start at stage one; The City.It's a decent opening level. Not much else to say on this front. It does a good job of establishing the senario and main characters were going to be follwing, Crow and Mayapple. It does a nice job of introducing the various mechanics used throughout the game.It does point out what will be a major flaw, though; Crow's damage intication. Crtow's sound effect isn't very audable, the effect isn't very noticable, and the knockback is non-existant when it wants to be.Could it have been better? Sure, but I can't point to anything specific holding this level back.Don't worry (Or do), I will later on.Well, now that were done kiling cops and destroying massive amounts of city property, lets move on to the airship. I will be using these airship interludes to talk about certain mechanics I can't pin to one stage for a good example of. but for now, I'll just say it's nice, compact, and I like how the elevator will not stop at the second floor if you punch ""up"" again.If the game had more little things like that strewn about, this review would probably be less negitive.Now for stage 2, and the stage where we really start to see some of the holes form. The stage itself is fairly forgetable, unfortunetely, but the experiences arn't. Specifically, with the flying enimies here; They are too abundent and too erradic. The reapers in the last stage had far more predictable movement, making hitting them with the grenades a challenge, but not annoying like with the flying bees. The other enemies are fairly standard (and the Manti are actually fun to kill).Then you rescue Bee princess (I forget her name)and you come to THAT area. An area I have dubbed ""Cluster-♥♥♥♥ Collum"", Because it is mostly just an upwardpath chock full of enemies. It's not challanging, it's annoying.Otherwise, Dull stage, Dull power, and... Ok, the princess isn't dull, she has a few good lines, so I can't give this the triple D.The Reverse boss fight here is a play on the classic eggman wrecking ball machine, but YOU control the ball.The fight itself, (Minor Spoilers) Is arguabely the best Reverse boss in the game, as it works like it's inteded too, there's no way to cheese it, and it's just fun to wave around the wrecking ball. Dash's mechanic of building up towers to hit your ship is fun and works well with the boss (or... Hero? I'm going to call these hero fights from now on. it'll be easier.)I wish all the Hero fights were as well designed as dash's.Back to the airship, and, though I am disapointed none of the minions (not even the obvious backer ones) have new dailouge, Back and Mayapple's dialouge, along with Bee princesse's start to show their characters, and show promise. promise that will be fulfilled.(To be continued. Sorry, life calls. Next time, however, were tackling the worst stage in the game)"
,Recommended,448290,29582108,Posted: 30 January,all,Smoogz,"Very nice side scrolling platformer, Great soundtrack, and a fun story! If you're a bit iffy on the trailers and screenshots, all i can say is give it a go, you may end up liking it! if you don't like it, there is a refund option if you play it for no more than 90 minutes overall."
,Recommended,448290,29799140,Posted: 9 February,all,5007-574IN3D,"You ever wanted a game like Shovel Knight or Shantae but where you play as the villain? This is the game for you.Pros:- Hilarious dialogue.- Crow (the main character) is very genre-savvy. I think he may have also read the Evil Overlord List.- Variety of gameplay per level, as having different princesses alters the mechanics.- Interesting hidden tidbits for completionists.- Beautiful hand-drawn sprites.- I can't get the music out of my head!- Challenging boss fights.Cons:- There isn't always a clear indication of where you're supposed to go in a level. I've gotten lost a few times.- Bomb jumping can be difficult. Especially the jump where you're trying to get the first crown in a level.- What's the deal with the purple blocks? Why are they purple in every level? Who put them there? Why don't they have different colors/textures depending on what level they're found in?9/10 is what I give Nefarious.Of course, IGN will probably give it a 6/10 (too much water) because of the one underwater level."
76561198044112748,Recommended,448290,29493337,Posted: 25 January,all,Commander Cosmo,This game taught me what the thorax is.
76561198069469673,Recommended,448290,29515044,Posted: 26 January,all,DPhalanx,"its a very fun game, the controls can be clunky at times, but overall tolerable. the in game sprites are a little lack luster but the charicter portraits are fantasticly drawn, so much so that i didnt even notice the in game sprites untill near the end of the game. the conversation between the charicters are worth stoping mid run for, for fear of skipping them. the only real thing i had a gripe about, was the final boss fight at the end of the good ending. The whole part was a little clunky but, i ended up getting good and beat it. Did it feel like i beat a challenge? yes, but not because the boss was hard, but because of the controls.overallcharicters= goodart= lacking in some areas, excelles in otherscontrols= alittle clunky but tolerablemy personal enjoymeny: 8.5/10 worth a solid day of playing"
,Recommended,448290,29528053,Posted: 27 January,all,YagamiBrando,"Nefarious is a game where you play as Crow - a villain character who kidnaps princesses and rides giant robots during boss battles.While in the beginning, when I just started playing the game it felt kinda cheap in terms of graphics, design, soundtrack seemed kinda odd with all these themes with vocals...But the more I played - the more I enjoyed it. All dialogs in the game and overall character interactions are just golden, by the end of the game I was so attached to almost all the characters and their personalities it was even sad the game ended. Gameplay is simple and yet fun, upgrades add a nice touch to gameplay and one can customize Crow with skills he prefers.I've always liked villain characters, especially those who have this special charisma about them and Crow does the thing for sure. And while he is trying hard to act as a bad guy there is some good stuff in him in a right amount, so ""good stuff"" doesn't spoil him as a villain and only adds to the character's greatness.Also, while there are plenty of games where you play as evil character I wonder why did nobody ever thought of reverse boss battles, where you are the boss - it's just a genius thing that got me interested in the first place. I hope devs will sometime do a sequel, there is so much room for new stuff and ideas.In the end I can say that I found something special in this little game, something  that captivatd me. Maybe some people won't like it that much but iff you like platformer games like shovel knight, megaman x games etc. I would highly recommend to try this game out.My personal rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,448290,34543631,Posted: 27 August,all,Sigismund420,YOU GET TO BE A BOSS FIGHT NO JOKES GIANT ROBOTS AND CROCK 10/10 WOULD KIDNAP AGAIN
,Recommended,448290,34718462,Posted: 3 September,all,[Crtz] Peacock #TF2SP,"Good Gameplay, Good level design, Amazing soundtrack and lovable characters! Nefarious is a must play if you like platform, and a different twist on the villian genre!"
76561198039810936,Recommended,448290,29680244,Posted: 3 February,all,FalenDragmire,"A throwback to classic 2-D platformers with a great twist! The artwork and music in the game is phenomenal and the writing is hilarious and well done. It can be challenging at times but the difficulty is not artificial and practice, buying upgrades, or a combination thereof can get you past any challenges. If you like 2-D platformers and well written, hilarious dialogue and story, then I highly recommend Nefarious."
,Recommended,448290,29515220,Posted: 26 January,all,Ninjabush,"This is a great plaformer game. I love the style and the characters. I love feeling like a cheesey saturday moring cartoon villan. The game is not perfect, There are some holes in some levels like the last level between two police cars. Its not a very long game and i personally wish the portraits matched the character moddeles because they look so good. But it is a really fun game with a few hilarious twist that you won't see and great writing and game play. i really hope they make a sequal or dlc because im already wanting more"
76561198042179280,Recommended,448290,29582303,Posted: 30 January,all,Dagoth Orsim,"I like this game quite a bit. It's a pretty fun action platformer where you basically play as a cartoon supervillain (the guy's big on villainy for the sake of villainy rather than for any particular goal). You've got a 360 degree range with your attacks, which works well most of the time but gets... interesting when you need to attack in one direction while moving in another, and the game doesn't really go out of its way to tell you that you can use grenades to jump to certain collectibles/platforms, though I'm fairly certain you can beat the game without it.Speaking of beating the game, I haven't yet, because what I presume to be the final boss kicked my rear end till I quit and I haven't gotten the heart up to try again just yet; it seems like it's harder than it's intended to be. That aside, the music's good, the art's good, the characters are likable enough that I felt the need to try and get all possible dialogue, and for the most part I didn't feel like I was being pushed through too many hoops trying to get all the collectibles.All in all, I've enjoyed my time with the game and would recommend it if you're looking for this kind of an action platformer."
,Recommended,448290,29769947,Posted: 7 February,all,Jacky,"This is the worlds best game for those who love to cause mayhem, Nefarious is a wonderful platformer that brings back memories of old boss battles like Sonic, and others, I would recomend this to anyone who wants a good time and a trip down memory lane"
,Recommended,448290,29791847,Posted: 8 February,all,Tack404,"This is an amazing game. I can't believe how good it is. It has a couple bugs, but beyond falling through the ground if you jump between two cars, it's really well made. I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,448290,29707204,Posted: 4 February,all,ironman600,mighty number 9 done right8/10
,Recommended,448290,29511627,Posted: 26 January,all,Darktamer1089,"Very fun game, the idea of playing as the antagonist instead of the typical protagonist is a very interesting idea to explore.The is game is kinda short but it does have good replayability.The platforming can be a little questionable at times but the grenade jumping when you get used to, is insanely fun to use.Enemy placement is also questionable but not so much that is should be a problem.The story is well made and is along one of the actually good storylines I've seen for games.Reverse boss fights against the heroes can be hard to control and handle but it is possible to have complete control over whats happening once you get used it.Overall this game is quite fun and is worth playing especially if your looking for something new in a game."
76561198037434621,Recommended,448290,29603041,Posted: 31 January,all,Assault Squirt,"The game is definitely worth the asking price, but not much more. It's relatively meaty, with about 5 hours of gameplay for your first playthrough, and puzzling out all of the secrets would add another 4 - 5 hours. However, the game is very unpolished. In my experience:-Sound effects are missing. Nothing feels right because of the lack of sound effects.-Difficulty spikes. Certain areas are vastly more difficult than the ones directly before and after.-Upgrades are pointless. Well, beyond extra health, ammo, and getting rocket fists and triple punch to clear crates faster.-Pointless level obstacles. Crates come to mind. They take 3 hits without rocket/triple punch, and offer nothing to the stage-No cutscene skips. Self explanatory.-Levels are needlessly open. There's a lot of empty space that should be edited out.That being said, should these all be fixed with patches, which would be easy to do, bar making upgrades useful, I would give the game a solid 8.5/10. Otherwise, I'm giving it a 7/10."
,Recommended,448290,30493380,Posted: 13 March,all,Jimogwa,"Very enjoyable platformer with a decent story. However, the price tag is much too hefty for the amount of content it actually has. Still, good game."
,Recommended,448290,32227106,Posted: 6 June,all,🎃¡Spooky!🎃,"I love this game to death. The gameplay. The soundtrack. The characters. The weapons and upgrades. This game took me for an emotional roller coaster, and the ending was an extremely excellent finale to the game."
76561198123059413,Recommended,448290,29955843,Posted: 15 February,all,AJD,"I had a blast playing this, and the story was every bit as entertaining as I hoped. The dialogue was indeed worthy of being called witty banter, and the constant lampshading made everything better....also I did not expect something that started with such a silly feel at the beginning to suckerpunch me in the emotions that hard as the game went on. Like...DAMN, wow.About the only complaint might be the sheer ridiculous difficulty of the final boss battle for the Good End, but that may also be due to me being awful at twin sticks.Great stuff, definitely worth a play!...and maybe someday I'll get the good end. SOMEDAYYYYYYYYYY"
,Recommended,448290,30060309,Posted: 20 February,all,TLG [ThePhantom],"Overall, Nefarious is a very pleasant experience. It surely has some problems and downfalls, but still remains a very fun and well-designed game with a very nice sense of humor.Pros:Very good story with nice twistsLovable charactersGreat humorCons:Slippery controlsNot so satisfying endingsLack of tutorials for ""Hero"" fightsTrue final boss fight is a bit frustratingSome bugsFinal Score: 8 Out of 10Nefarious's Review On PardisGame"
76561198093873093,Recommended,448290,30351892,Posted: 5 March,all,Wretch,"Nefarious is a platformer game where YOU are the villain, and boy is it fun to be so.I personnaly love this game, with it's nifty soundtrack, loveable cast (the game does a pretty damn good job at making you bond with the monarchs you kidnap) fun levels, and a heckload of sweet sweet punching and blasting right in those silly do-gooders' faces.Waited ages for the game to come out, and I ain't disappointed any."
,Recommended,448290,29468189,Posted: 24 January,all,Wump of the Doodle,"6.5/10 Could have put a month or two more into itThere are places where sound effects should be, but are notThe exploding punch is way too left or rightAnd the footstep sound need to change at diffrent placesStill a fun game though"
,Recommended,448290,29528094,Posted: 27 January,all,dracoaleksander,"While in need of some tuning in a few places, this game is definitely worth a look. Its strongest point is its characters and world. They feel really well fleshed, and every one of the main characters had clear motivations, as well as a bit of depth to their personalities. Each zone felt thematically distinct and interesting, while also being decently tied to its particular royal in some way.Where the game does have room for improvement is largely polishing work. I'm playing the v1.0 right out the gate, so this isn't entirely surprising. The end of each stage transitions (sometimes jarringly) between the final boss battle and the grade screen with little to no ceremony. Additionally, it felt like there were some control limitations, as if some artificial difficulty had been inserted to give the game a ""classic"" feel. It honestly may have just been me being bad at game, though, so this is a minor quibble. Some art assets also felt out of place due to how three-dimensional objects ""popped"" versus the two-dimensional models, but that's another easy clean-up thing.In any case, I definitely recommend this title, because the story is fun, it introduces some interesting twists on classic platformers, and I'm very interested to see what the studio now does with the IP in the future."
76561198007513162,Recommended,448290,29469175,Posted: 24 January,all,C.S. Fox,"I'm a fan of platforming games like Shovel Knight, the Shantae Series and the Mega Man series; and this game fits nicely into that category.Pros:+The storyline and the characters were fantastic. It can be hard to pull off good characteriziation in this type of game, but everything from the banter to humor was spot on for me.+The level designs and style of play varies, and a few levels were a neat surprise for me.+Good music. Cracked up at the start of the Dwarf Princess' song.+Upgrade system is logical and adds some nice variety to play.+- Well done animations for MOST of the characters, there's a few that end up looking a little like flash animation stiff though.Cons:-Some of the enemy hitboxes could be a bit wonky-Some of the controls were not quite as on point or precision as I'd like them to be for platforming. I feel like this is a problem that follows Unity platformers though.-The game is relatively short for the price, I made my first playthough in just under 3 hours.-The battles where you fight heroes can be a little jarring as your thrown into it with no instruction on how to operate what your using. They also felt slightly underwhelming when they were given top billing in the trailers.Overall Impressions:I enjoyed the game and I think its worth the money. I'm recommending it to my friends who play similar."
76561198042456689,Recommended,448290,29457309,Posted: 23 January,all,Redrain,"Alright so after getting both endings I'd like to put a bit of my own input in about the game, and straight up it's a mixed bag.  The controls feel a bit floaty on platforming, and the controler aiming is rather  meh compared to the mouse with the flying gnats requiring you all to but buy the gun to avoid one  big headache. Next up is the mostly lack luster boss fights as some of them where bland to just entirely unfun. And the bits of altered gameplay the Princesses offer are only for long as your holding them so at most you'll get to play with them once, or twice the entire game. Not going into detail there is also one fight you'll need to replay several times to get a decent handle on it, and even then it's going to be a pain unless it's altered.  So I'd say pick it up if your into the concept but be warry that it needs some extra polish, and will only last you one good play session unless your going to 100%. So all in all I'd have to give it a 6 not bad, but lower your expectations for being a villian."
76561198060296386,Recommended,448290,29617335,Posted: 31 January,all,Chris,"This game may be short ( I beat it in just under 4 hours) but it is so well put together that I would say that it rivals portal on every basis except length. The character development is deep, the protagonist is funny, the story is very solid. I just wish there was a workshop with a level editor because the level design and game mechanics are extremely polished. I dont think I found a single bug on my playthrough. I crave more of this game its just sooo good."
76561198196261967,Recommended,448290,29706868,Posted: 4 February,all,Drakeloyal,it's a solid action platformer with it's shining attribute being it's hillarious wrighting and beutiful music pretty much what you'd expect (I loved it)
76561198334318297,Recommended,448290,29724039,Posted: 5 February,all,d.choc,Fun boss battles and platformin defenetly buy
76561198064359482,Recommended,448290,29734983,Posted: 5 February,all,Hex Mex,"This game is by no means a perfect game. In fact, there were several issues that took my out of the game for a second, issues like places where a sound effect should be are audibly barren, and in some of the games ""reverse boss fights"", the execution was subpar. However, I still found myself enjoying the game quite a bit. It also feels a bit unfair to compare this game to Shovel Knight, as I've heard some people do both online and in real life. This game just barely hit it's goal in time, and the level of quality reflects this. Still, I found that the content given was enough to keep me hooked. The way the game changed things just slightly after the princess of the level was captured kept the stages memorable, and the side missions were fun, to boot. Overall, I'm glad I bought this."
,Recommended,448290,29780184,Posted: 8 February,all,ChimeraCorp,"Nefarious is a very short, sweet experience.Let me just start by saying I love what this game set out to do. I've been wanting something like this since I first started gaming as a child. Sure there's plenty of games where you played a badguy, but never before have you felt like THE VILLAIN. Princess in tow, Hero on your heels, running a life of crime from a flying fortress. And Nefarious delivers. Its concept, design, idea, and even style is top notch. However the game is far from perfect.Where Nefarious suffers a lot is in the gameplay standpoint. Now, its really hard to rate this because I've never felt this way about a game's gameplay before. How do I phrase this properly?I love the gameplay, but I don't think it was perfected. The ideas are there, but it feels like there was some programming issues that were never looked at or resolved before release, possibly due to the size of the team. Jumping is floaty, and slippery, and can get stuck on things. The hit box for your punching sometimes doesn't add up. Being hit and hitting things doesn't feel right, everything just kind of rubs off eachother like two balloons.And the sound design. WOOF. Does someone need to get fired for the sound design. Music doesn't loop properly. Sound effects for things as basic as footsteps aren't consistent. The volume is all over the place, including a boss battle in particular that has a nearly Screamer level sound byte that made me jump the first time I heard it. I had to play the fight with my headphones off, and there was no way to adjust it.Overall, despite my gripes, the love was there. The idea was there. It just felt like the project ended up bigger and more complicated than the team had planned for, and some unfortunate things had to be rushed or cut.I would love to see this game get a sequel, where the gameplay is trimmed up, improved, and expanded upon, and the story is pulled to a much larger perspective. I would fund the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that.SUMMARY:::Pros::+ Wonderful, creative, and unique idea.+ Charming artstyle+ Very fun theme and engaging world+ An extremely hard attempt was made::Cons::- Gameplay and programming felt rushed and buggy- Not much replayability- Sound Design issues (Needs to be fixed ASAP)OVERALL:6.5/10"
,Recommended,448290,29660063,Posted: 2 February,all,deepdishattack,"Everything about this game is amazing, with the exception of the gameplay. The game play is mostly good. All of the gimmicks were great, is just that there were a few little things in the gameplay itself that bothered me.Aside from that everything was great especially the dialog. It reminded me of a cheesy Saturday morning cartoon.Can we please get a Nefarious cartoon?"
,Recommended,448290,29751422,Posted: 6 February,all,A Sp00ky Robut,"I first heard about this game in Brawl in the Family, and ever since I've had it sticking in the back of my head as a neat-looking game. So I went ahead and bought it on launch day and played through the whole thing in one sitting, and felt... Marginally satisfied. Could have been better, but it's still quite good.PROS-Superb art and animation, it pops well and looks sufficiently cartoony for the theming.-Excellent soundtrack, wonderfully catchy and atmospheric.-Good design choices lifted from Shovel Knight (Infinite lives, pick up money after death, music pickups, etc).-Well-written story with fun characters and witty dialogue. Has lots of good trope-skewering moments and affectionate parodies.-Controls smoothly, maneuvering isn't an issue and the platforming is good.-Good level variety.CONS-Combat is weak. The maneuvers you can do are very limited (Punch or throw grenade), and some enemies can be frustrating due to too much health, too many of them, or attacks that are too tough to dodge.-Boss fights are kind of meh; Good concept, but often weak execution due to oversimplification or the heroes acting like predictable bosses, destroying the point of the fight. Can also be frustrating, ESPECIALLY the true final boss.-Level design is good for the most part, but can be very obtuse/annoying in a few places (Looking at you, last level).-Wonky sound design; Some sound effects are too loud, others are too soft or just aren't there when they should be.-Not much replay value outside of finding the crowns (Which do nothing as far as I know).-Short; As noted above I completed it in one sitting. However, it was a long one and it's a $15 budget title.OVERALLI think this game had a superb concept and some mostly-good execution but some iffy parts; The team behind it put passion and interest into it and probably put a lot of love into it and I absolutely appreciate that, but there are a few mistakes that make me think they were inexperienced. Or maybe they didn't have the resources considering the Kickstarter just barely made its goal. Regardless, as a fun little $15 game, I rather liked it. It's a little disappointing compared to what I was expecting; Honestly, with the fact that the devs clearly were invested in the project I would feel really bad giving it a negative review. It's still an all right time, though; I would rate it at about a 7/10. Maybe 6.5."
,Recommended,448290,29576722,Posted: 29 January,all,Nit Pick,"A review about V1.0TL;DRGame is good, game is buggy, go buy it anyway.ProsFunnyWell drawn spritesGameplayConsMissing sound effectsGameplayMinor bugsIn it's current state, it's a solid game. The gameplay is good where it counts. Especially the boss fights, since you're the boss fighting the good guy with death machines. They resemble past boss fights like Final Fantasy, Sonic, etc. The goal of capturing the princess is about the same as playing the good guy. Fight good enemies, open treasure chests and collecting coins. The usual.Picking up princesses will alter the gameplay after you pick them up. The bee princess will make Crow's (lead character) jumps floaty. Because her wings are flapping in a panic. It is a rather funny game all in all. The loading screens are practically non existant as they only flash on screen for a second.However the game is in version 1.0. So there is a bunch of missing sound effects from the good henchmen that protect the princess. The platforming needs some polish. As there is no warning of when stuff may come up. Unlike in Mega Man, they spell out what kind of attacks an enemy has. There is no spacing between the player and the enemy. So expect some moments of ""How was I supposed to avoid/get that?""There are destructable cubes that Crow can destroy. Very small amount of moments occur when a cube does not line up with other platforms. Jumping and punching do not seem to pair up properly. It is different then Castlevania with the whip delay and more like jumping and attacking do not work as often as they should. So there is moments of punching the air on the ground when the player is trying to jump and attack.In conclusion I do reccomend this game to anyone who likes the concept of playing the villain. It is just that this game still needs some finishing touches on it's master plan. Mua-ha-ha!"
,Recommended,448290,29595313,Posted: 30 January,all,thesergent,"Oh my! This game! What a ride it was!I learned about this game the day it came out. When I saw the video and the idea that you would be the boss battle in the end had me instabought it.Was it worth it? Hell yes!This game is full of reference from old game and has a good dose of humor well placed. Also, the story his really nice and there's 2 possible ending in the game. To complete it, it may take 3-4 hour for the first run, but if you want to know everything and be a true completionnist, it can take more hour.Also, the music is really good!The only downside is that sometimes there is some frustrating part in the game (they are at the end of the game)Can't wait for a possible sequel!P.S for the developer: that hidden monster, man. Why... :P"
76561198025147478,Recommended,448290,29604234,Posted: 31 January,all,Korudo13,"This game is hilarious, clever, and a lot of fun.The concept of playing as the villain is very entertaining, done well, and a lot of fun. I'm thoroughly enjoying this game so far, and I can whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone who likes action platformers.The character dynamics remind me a bit of Disgaea, and pokes fun at a lot of hero/villain tropes. The gameplay is primarily action platforming, and the boss fights usually have you use some kind of awesome boss-like contraption. Picture your favorite boss fights from the 16-bit era, but backwards. It's so much fun.If you're on the fence, I'd say just buy it. You'll have a great time."
76561198078010274,Recommended,448290,29633183,Posted: 1 February,all,HotelKatz,"The game is a bit of a love letter to a lot of games, but from the bad guy's perspective. The Story is interesting and amusing. There's plenty of references to a lot of games, even a modern ones.  The animation is tight and colorful. As said in various places, there's boss fights, but from the Bad Guy's perspective. Remember the very first boss fight in Sonic the hedgehog 1? the one with the wrecking ball? You get to use it against a sonic-ish character!While the game might be short, compared to games nowadays, I'd rather have a short good game that I can pick up anytime, than a long one where it takes me awhile to get back to if I am away from it for a period of time.Now for the pros, cons, and on the fences that I have about the gamePros+Humor+animation of the characters+ Can use Keyboard and Mouse, or Controller.+Easy to learn on how to move around and fight in the boss fights.Cons-Could use a way to configure the control-the grenade weapon is a bit tricky to use and can miss a lot when you're in a hurry.-Could use a way to reload to the last checkpoint.On the fence?From what I hear, the boss fight on the good path is really hard?Could use something like homing missiles or grenades?Grenade jumping is still a bit tough to use at times for me.All in all, the game is worth checking out at least once."
76561198099035198,Recommended,448290,29771367,Posted: 7 February,all,Willonapop,"this game has a supprising and funny story, it deserves much more attention!"
76561198115799796,Recommended,448290,29773547,Posted: 7 February,all,Elemedigm,"Alright, here's what you need to know about this game.First off, the story is really engaging and funny. You might find yourself replaying stages not only to get a better score and get collectables you missed, but also rewatch the dialogue between the characters.Second, the gameplay....is not the greatest thing in the world. It is really cool that you get to be the boss at the end of most levels, but it feels like there could have been more. I dunno, just my opinionNext, the music, it is perfect for the tone of this game! Is it any wonder why one of the collectables are records that allow you to play these songs ingame?All in all, this game is a must-have in my book. (Quick word of warning though, the true final boss is a dozy!)"
,Recommended,448290,29861173,Posted: 11 February,all,|LZ| lefab,"""Are you ar real vilain? Have you ever caugh a good guy, like a superhero? Have you ever tried to disguise? Alright, I can see that I'll have to teach you how to be vilains""Memes aside, Nefarious is a indie 2D platformer that was funded via kickstarter where you plays as Crow, the boss of a vilainous group, who kidnapp princess for a living and try to take over the world. The game is fully aware of the different tropes of the genre and fully play with it. Since you play as the bad guy, expect boss fight where YOU are in the giant mech.While the game is good, it's far from perfection.Graphically speaking, it's not very great. The differents backgrouds are nice and everything is well animated, but the rest is kinda meh (think of flash games you can find on newgrounds)Gameplay wise, it's solid. Movement key, jump, punch, shoot and interact. Most level ask you to go and capture a princess, leave while using some power given by her then fight a good guy to end the level. Each boss fight is different and no level feel the same.  With the money you get during levels, you can upgrade Crow by expanding his life and grenade count or change how his punch and grenades works. The game is rather easy since there is a lots of checkpoints and death is only a nuisance (you lose some money, you can get it back if you go where you died).The game isn't that long but each level has 3 crown to collect and a vinyl (used to listen to the OST between levels), each level taking from 5 min to 15. There is 2 endings and a bunch of difficult achievement.Speaking of OST, some are great, some are meh, the only big downside is that the music doesn't loop properly, leaving a blank of 2-3 second before playing the intro again.The story isn't that deep (which is expected for the genre but still with some surprising twist) but some of the characters are well written (saddly, most of them are meh or haven't enough interaction to have any real personnality).The game cost 15€ but I'd recommand to wait 'till it's on sale before buying it. The dev' promised some bonus content in the futur even if they haven't met any stretch goals.Nefarious might not be vilain numer one, but it's still a good game overall."
,Recommended,448290,30448654,Posted: 11 March,all,"Salchicha, the Revelator","No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ XP rules... short, simple...the music is really good... the script is reaaaaaaally dumb and funny.you MUST play this"
76561198311654541,Recommended,448290,29645016,Posted: 2 February,all,OkaJoe,"A fun little romp. I loved the music and the humor was on par. Controls were  decent and well explained. It was a little buggy in a couple stages, but didn't detract too much. Kind of wish some of your captives saw a little more use in other stages. All around great cheesy fun."
76561198137747666,Recommended,448290,29878159,Posted: 12 February,all,methemez,"Kidnap Princesses! Defeat Heroes! Be the Villian! And embrace all the tropes that come with it!Nefarious could have been seen as another clever, fun platformer, there are a lot, but it really sets itself apart from the pack. The humor and riffing on the classic hero vs villian mentality makes even the truly evil Crow a joy to watch as he wrecks havoc, princess in tow. Most times having a princess with you will also add a new element to the platforming, like a high jump, or creating bridges with smoke. Then, after all the mooks and common do-gooders have been defeated, take part in what they call a reverse boss fight. Be the boss smacking the hero around! Get your giant robot and shoot lasers at a nimble hero, trying to take you down! These fights are fun, if only a small part of the whole, but thematically they're awesome and all the fun outweighs the feeling of it just being a different kind of boss fight.It's not without faults, the grenades seem to sort of just... go where they will, and physics can be a bit wonky at times. I also thought we were past insta-kill traps but here we remain.Also, the music is great, I think the animation is fantastic, and it's a lot of fun, that's all very subjective though."
76561198279384000,Recommended,448290,35031890,Posted: 17 September,all,H4XS Gaming,"The game ended way too early for it to be worth $15, and I personally wish it was LONGER, but other than that, it's great."
76561198006070069,Recommended,448290,32403288,Posted: 13 June,all,Thecontrastoflife,"Enjoyable humor and fun ideas, wish the game had been able to explore some more but the true last boss fight..... no just no."
,Not Recommended,448290,29530974,Posted: 27 January,all,Mez13a,"Nefarious is an action platformer, where you are the villain, but the concept has been taken very seriously (except for the game show revelations, but that's spoiler territory). The ""boss"" fights are very well done, capturing what it meant to be a villain in it's entirety, making you fill like the gimmick every end of level. The story is also engaging for what it is and the soundtrack, other than some looping issues, convey the theme of the levels and aesthetics very well.The game ultimately needed a bit more polish, especially with the smoothness of the controls considering how some areas require precision platforming and the lag between the press and the jump does not help at all. Also, triple punch, explosive punch and charge punch do NOT work. You'd need just as many charged/triple/explosive punches to kill an enemy as normal punches.So unless the problems are fixed, I can't sincerely suggest this game to anyone yet."
,Recommended,448290,33841917,Posted: 27 July,all,Spectral the Undertaker,"This game is absolutely great!The soundtrack is very energizing, tragic and fun at times.The gameplay and the core mechanics function great.It feels very responsive etc.The only few things I can complain about is how un-refined the game can look sometimes/most of the time, and a few bugs I have encountered. (The Insektia Hero has problems, disappearing into the ground sometimes and having to restart the entire stage.)"
,Recommended,448290,29768342,Posted: 7 February,all,Ham Man,"So...That was something.I just finished watching the after-credits scene, and I guess it's time to review ths bad boy.So.What is Nefarious?It's a Megaman style (kinda) 2D platformer with hand drawn graphics where you play as Crow - super villian who plans to kidnap all princesses in the world and use them to power a machine that will make him the ruler of the world.Like in Megaman you go from left to right fighting legions of enemies and have two different ways of arracking: punching people with your robotic arm and shooting grenades. When you kidnap a princess, you get a new ability for a while: for example the bee princess makes makes you glide, with the demon one you can use grenades to make platforms, artificial one gives you super jumps and unlimited ammo, but the dwarf one starts riding you like a horse and you dash through a cave filled with monsters while she throws axes everywhere. After you get to the end of the stage with the princess, you encounter the local hero and you two fight, but there's a small difference: since you are the bad guy, you get to play the role of the boss. You can fly in the Robotnik style flying machine with a huge ball on a chain, punch a dwarf hero in a mech or chase your superhero rival in a big robot through the city.The platforming in this game works pretty well, and I like the concept of using grenades to reach areas you can't jump to. There were some parts that I got pretty frustrated with, for example the Academia: while the music in this level is really awesome, it's definitely much harder than the previous stages since you have do dodge lasers, jump on small platforms while avoiding enemies and do other tricky platforming♥♥♥♥♥♥ Turns out I was not the only one who got mad at this stage, but since everything else was pretty enjoyable, I will just blame this one on me being bad.Story in Nefarious is actually really good. It's pretty light-hearted with several funny moments (like when Crow gets destroyed by a princess and decides to kidnap her brother instead, and the mentioned scene with the dwarf princess riding Crow like a horse is also pretty hilarious), but it also gets serious at times. It also does it's own twist on several gam tropes, for example the villian finally has a good reason for kidnapping the princess other than ""He's just evil okay? Screw off, like go and find all the stars or something geez"", and on the concept of ""good"" and ""bad"" guys.The game also has two endings. In the Good Ending Crow actually starts becoming friends with the people he kidnapped and ends up standing up for them before the final phase of his plan. The good route is pretty adorable, as you can see that Crow is not that bad at all. He kinda reminds me of Gru from Despicable me (you know, before they decided to focus on these annoying yellow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥, only a bit more evil. The princesses (and prince) are also very likeable characters and missions in which they work together with Crow are pretty adorable.Because the Good ending is so touching, the Bad ending becomes pretty heartbreaking, since Crow backstabs people that wanted to his friends and honestly, I can't really do the evil route since I'm really satisfied with the good one.In the end, Nefarious is a pretty solid platformer with adorable characters and great music that puts it's own twist on common videogame tropes.I heavily recommend you to give it a shot.Also since I talked about how good the music in this game is might as well give you some of my top picks becuse this is MY review and I do what I want!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!*cough* ok here goes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M5MaoXRFLE♥♥♥♥ing smoothhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GQugPZwU10gets me pumped everytimehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3n0P_iYbqmAhip"
,Recommended,448290,29458387,Posted: 24 January,all,Serenis,"It was weird playing a game that actually let me have fun for a change, and didn't make me wade through hours of repitive combat to get that rewarding feeling. I really felt attached to the characters, I want more of them :("
,Recommended,448290,29594668,Posted: 30 January,all,Swanky Toast,The music in the underwater level reminds me of Sonic Colours.
,Recommended,448290,32330651,Posted: 10 June,all,Cookie,"Relatively Short Game, beat both endings in about 4 hours. Pretty fun though, I suggest getting it on sale."
,Not Recommended,448290,29491364,Posted: 25 January,all,Gear Foxx,"Unfortunately, it would appear that the game crashes every time I try to create a new save file, thus I have not been able to experience the game yet. I look forward to the next update of the game, where hopefully this issue will be fixed."
,Not Recommended,448290,29494343,Posted: 25 January,all,demonking30,i so wanted to give this game a good review. ok. lets start with the positives. the games premise is great putting a villain in the spotlight. the characters you meet along the way are fun and the writing is phenomenally funny. the musics ok i guess. ok the bad nowthe enemies are brutal as are the bosses. the first boss is completelly random in what he does and if you get hit twice in a row by his UNAVOIDABLE attack yeah this boss has an unavoidable attack! that takes half your health!. after that one i found the game only to get harder for stupid reasons. bad enemy placemnt jerkish enemy placement and programing. i mean yeah whats more fun than a guy that throws an axe that hits you for double damage through walls! the load times are kind of annoying and the framerate constantly ♥♥♥♥♥ the bed. this is a 2d game i shouldnt have frame rate issues! maybe in a patch that fixes ai and enemys down to where its not worse than megaman 2's brutality i might give this game another go but for now i gotta give it a very disapointed3/10...i had such hopes
76561198026838608,Recommended,448290,29491677,Posted: 25 January,all,Sunset Hero,"TL;DR - Nefarious is more satisfying than Shantae 1/2 Hero and Mighty No.9 combined.I personally reccomend Nefarious to anyone who's looking for a fun platformer filled to the brim with charm. All my cynicism washed away right when the game drops you into the action.The art style is great. Each character has a design that perfectly fits their personality. You might believe otherwise, but this is actually something you rarely see in games. I wish the in-game sprites were as consistantly good as splash-art. If anything should be updated, it would have to be that.Sound design is on point too. While none of the songs are playlist-worthy, I found myself fighting to the death to collect the record collectables scatterd in each level so I could relisten to the level music in my might villious warship of death and destruction!The gameplay is simple and functional. It does its job well enough, and never overstays its welcome. The reason you buy this game is for the character interaction, art, music, or for the reverse boss-battles. The normal platforming is good. I find the grenade launcher and rocket jumping to not work all the time. I will say, that when I needed them to work the must, they did. Take that as you will.At $15 for a rock-solid 6+ hour experience, there is no reason not to buy this game right away! Especially right now, when it's 10% off."
,Not Recommended,448290,29595410,Posted: 30 January,all,Redhotviking,"As Games goes it isnt really that horrible and both the concept and comedy layed into this is actually quite good however the gameplay is abyssmal. It is a Megaman clone that just doesnt cut it. But on the pluss side it has multiple endings so if you really like it you can explore the game. It might even be worth the money, but I found the platform gameplay lacking which is 90% the game. It is fun to be the ""villan"" and the reverse boss fights are pretty amusing but again, the platform aspect of the game is just not fun. or at least I did not find it any amusing.The difficulty isnt high, but annoying patches of enemies, explosive jumps and falling to your deaths get real old real fast. Especially when you are attempting to find all the collectibles, but if these things do not bother you one bit then it is a great game, the story is as i said quite amusing, just to bad about the gameplay. I would have prefered a bit more megaman in the mix, like wall jumping, double jumps (without timing grenades) or metroid/castlevainia elements to make the platform aspect more enjoyable. there was also a few times i got miffied that I could not change weapons in the field, you need grenades or sticky grenades like 99% of the time, and the last few times where rockets or machinegun actually could have helped you more it just isnt worth it. Alot of secrets, collectibles and so on require you to use the grenades to jump up and so on. I guess i am just picky with my platformers, the whole exploding jumping is however fun the first 2-3 stages, but it gets old especially when you need to do them where a single mistake causes you to die and end up having to treck back quite a bit to try again. but for the most part those locations are near a respawn checkpoint. Well hope this review helps you decide on yes or no. I am leaning more towards no due to gameplay, but if you do not mind dying a ton of times because you are attempting to reach that chest on top of a ledge then this might actually be just your type of game."
76561198181693865,Recommended,448290,30715792,Posted: 24 March,all,Brohoofarmy,"Are you a real villian? if not, Get your training here!! This is the BEST reverse role platformers i have ever played! sure, the levels get difficult fast, but that just adds to the fun!"
,Recommended,448290,32774997,Posted: 25 June,all,☽ FReSh LiL HoMI3 ☽,"Love this game. Wished I could've played it sooner! Glad I got it on sale, though!Playing as a villan is r a d."
,Recommended,448290,29450307,Posted: 23 January,all,Sgt. SiBou,"Fun game! Nice graphics, smooth gameplay, clever and humorous narative.  So far I very much enjoy Nefarious.  There are some things that the devs need to fix such as some sounds missing (first boss fight)  Definately recomend!"
76561198021348961,Recommended,448290,29453970,Posted: 23 January,all,greenmaster17,"Bought and finished this game on release, and I honestly think it's the best platformer I've played. Everything about it is so well put together and so spirited that I couldn't help but play through all of it in one sitting. I sincerely hope that this game gets the recognition it deserves."
,Recommended,448290,29452310,Posted: 23 January,all,Jonnyboy1132,really likeing the game so far.
76561198047077423,Recommended,448290,32904160,Posted: 27 June,all,Hyperman4321,It's always good to be bad.
,Recommended,448290,29455273,Posted: 23 January,all,Kingleader,I very muched enjoyed playing this game it had a fun cast enjoyable playthroughs and good dialogue I just wished the game was longer as I pretty much finished it in 4 hours.I can't wait to see what's in store for the future of this game
76561198061620520,Recommended,448290,29453683,Posted: 23 January,all,DazzlingSparklecat.j2,"A delightful little game that has its own unique wit and charm! Yeah, it's a bit short, being around four hours long but it has a lot of replay value! Give the game a go if you can!"
76561198003614307,Recommended,448290,29577334,Posted: 29 January,all,T74123C,"A charming, funny and enjoyable game that can be completed in a day or two."
76561198064320788,Recommended,448290,29451551,Posted: 23 January,all,Azurean,"I like Taranto's Brawl In The Family comics and musics, so I was a bit biased when I bought this game. I'll try to be objective by saying it's a good game, with big strengths and tolerable issues.First, the visuals are gorgeous, a lot of effort has been put into the characters and background. The music is good, though a bit too slow-paced sometimes (and the cuts between loops have been unacceptable since the last two decades) and the sound effects lack punch. Writing is more clever than I expected from a a deliberately cliché story. The gameplay is solid, running, jumping and punching feels nice and fun. I've only done three levels so far, but I still feel like it's not difficult enough - and when it is, it's for wrong reasons, like enemies attacking from offscreen, or clunky controls during the reverse boss fights. I think the clunkiness is intended, but it still spoils what is otherwise an interesting concept."
76561198118085896,Recommended,448290,29460316,Posted: 24 January,all,Waifu.Master.700,It was pretty good game. I feel like the animation drawings where to cartoony but the are when people talked was amazeing!!! I liked it over all 7/10 would play again.
76561198116861048,Recommended,448290,31780259,Posted: 15 May,all,nevriks,such an amazing game
76561198042725453,Not Recommended,448290,29729252,Posted: 5 February,all,Anal Butter,"As much as this game charmed me, with the characters and boss fights. It wasn't really that long, and I hope the content creator can add more to this game. On top of that the final boss fight is a joke sadly."
76561198349709548,Not Recommended,448290,29619608,Posted: 31 January,all,Harshmallow~<3,"Not recomending this game dosn't mean I didn't enjoy it. I'm just.. dissapointed.I absoloutley love the main character, Crow is a cleaver, well designed, and almost literal representation of the villian trope complete with an arsenal of weapons that would make Dr. Robotnik jealous. Every other princess was adorably drawn and had a little character to them, just, not as much as Crow. They all seemed two dimensional compared to the work put into Crow. The artwork is beautiful  especially in the portraits but when I looked down at the sprites they were cute but... not nearly as well designed as the portraits. What really bothered me was whenever you entered a boss fight the sprites wouldn't change at all. They would just stand where a seat would be and continue their mini animation loop while in the machine.  The music was cute but personally, it kind of layed on top of the level instead of imersing the player into the world they designed. When you are in the dwarf kingdom and the princess decides to make crow her new steed the music just continued on casually, failing to convey any sense of excitement or energy. In the very same level- should you die during the ""boss""- you would respawn with the same music playing but it would soon change and fade into the new song. For me that made me feel I hadn't finished the previous portion of the level and and skipped over it in my mind, feeling as if I had just selected a random mini game instead of fighting a boss. The water level is what really did it for me though. It reminded me of a level in the new Donkey Kong Country, where everything is a color sillouette and you have to navigate that way. With this level everything felt so..flat. there was no sense of depth anywhere and everything felt like it was drawn in Microsoft paint. Some of the misc. underwater plants hovered off of the border, and the backgrounds they were placed on felt empty. The Eels felt like a two bit amusment park animatronic, lunging forward and trying to bite you and then mechanically retreating back into the wall. They came off as lifeless and mechanical, seeing where their jaws where hinged as they jumped out. The platforming was enjoyable but the constant repetition of three enemies per level seemed lazy. The fire effects wasen't stylized, it just seemed like it was grabbed from a stock animation website.I can't stress how much I loved this game but I was incredibly disappointed with the seemingly rushed design. It felt like I was playing a flash game..but not in a good way. I expected artwork comparable to the Shantae games. If the entire game held up to the same style and effort put in as the portraits, I think it could have been an amazing game. But it unfortunately falls short and feels rushed."
,Recommended,448290,32325597,Posted: 10 June,all,unwaveringresolve,hahaha... Hahahahah.... MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! *clears throat*.It's fun.
,Recommended,448290,29451723,Posted: 23 January,all,Singrex6,"This game is avarage, good sometimes bad the others. I really do like the concept. But it is the sounds that gets me mad, the boss fights lack quality, the sounds, the lack of sounds really irritates and breaks, what would've been a great boss fight."
,Not Recommended,448290,29491856,Posted: 25 January,all,Mariohuge,"So I first found this game a couple years ago on kickstarter. It seemed like a very interesting concept, and I thought it could take off if it was done well.And just like nearly every other kickstarter campaign, it went awful.First, I'll start it off with what is good. The writing is top notch, the concepts themselves are interesting and unique, and I found many of the twists and turns very enjoyable.Now, the bad:-sound effects and music are very poorly structured, with broken loop points and some sounds being WAY louder than others-difficulty gets random spikes, certain enemies fly exactly out of your reach while others deal insane amounts of damage-game is still structured as a normal platformer, the only sense you get of being a villain comes from boss fights and the story itself-UI bugs, such as being able to pause during the death screen-this was a two year crowdfunded project and it's this unfinishedOverall it's only in a slightly better position than mighty no 9, and even that game pretended to look finished. Should have been listed as early access, then it couldve gotten away with it."
76561198010585860,Recommended,448290,29447210,Posted: 23 January,all,SomeUnregPunk,it's fun little side scroller.
,Not Recommended,448290,29915857,Posted: 13 February,all,3appul5u,"I really wanted to love this game.The concept of pitting the player as a boss type villain in a platformer is original, the world is colorful thanks to the artistic talent of Gashi-Gashi, the music is serviceable with a few catchy tunes you'll no doubt be humming to and the writing is charming due to the quirkiness of the many characters present in Nefarious. However, the one component that is holding the game far back is the gameplay itself. There's a great game underneath waiting to be released from the chains of its frustrating sluggish controls, the slippery platforming, the odd lacking of sound effects in game and the questionable placement of enemies in the game. The ""Boss"" Sections of the game while no doubt harking back to that of classic bosses felt underwhelming in execution with said sluggish controls and lack of sound effects bringing down the feel of being this destructive ""final boss"" and ruining the satisfication one would normally experience in other games as the hero beating said boss.This by no means is a horrible game but rather a game with unrealized potiential, a game that very much needs more polishing to fully realize its concept as being this platformer supervillain boss in a quirky colorful world. I would buy this game again in a heartbeat if these issues were addressed but for now it is not worth the $14.99 price tag.EDIT: Looking back more closely, yeah Gashi-Gashi had only did the character potraits and the promotional art of the game. Not the sprites and background of the game at all, a bit disappointing but ah well."
,Recommended,448290,29453743,Posted: 23 January,all,The Asgorian Ruler,"This game is nice, but the controls can get pretty spotty at times, especially when you get closer and closer towards the end of the game."
,Recommended,448290,29485868,Posted: 25 January,all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,"well.. this game talk about kidnapping all princesses and being enemy for heroes.. pretty intresting for that, because not much games i play being a enemy, and do some kidnapping princessesthe story it's funny.. but i get fast bored maybe because the animation not really good in this game..so my rate in this game is 7/10 ."
,Recommended,448290,32417477,Posted: 14 June,all,Terramy,I loved
,Not Recommended,448290,32375051,Posted: 12 June,all,Cerzel,"Nefarious has some decent writing and entertaining character interactions, but that can't save it from awful gameplay and often poor presentation. Loading sequences and scene transitions are abrupt and choppy. The reverse boss fights are the highlights, but everything else is a chore, especially as your basic punch attack will randomly fail to work properly 1/10 times, instead just starting the animation but not actually punching. The voice acting is good, but there are only some ten lines of it in the whole game. Crow's theme and the orc kingdom BGM are great, but the rest of the music ranges from bland to annoying. The character portraits are great,  but the sprites are ugly as sin. I finished the game and got the bad ending, but I have no motivation to play any more of it to try and see what the other endings offer. Definitely not worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,448290,33746158,Posted: 23 July,all,SickB,"It was fun at first but the later on Train Level sucks♥♥♥♥♥and is a bad level design which kills the whole game for me.The whole level is filled with screens full of dead zones where you have absolutly no chance and they made sure the give you no useful checkpoint between this long sections.And again a Dev Team has managed to kill a game by♥♥♥♥♥♥game and level design.Don´t buy it, the fun goes out of the window real fast."
,Not Recommended,448290,29555354,Posted: 28 January,all,CoconutControl,"I so badly wanted to like this game. The idea that I would be able to experience the other end of one of my favorite things in gaming, the boss. I counted down the days to release. Unfortunately, I can't recommend this game in it's current state.This game is just a basic barebones platformer with a (albeit very pretty) bad guy theme pasted over it. The levels feel so simple and empty, and don't mix well with Nefarious's gameplay, no option to use a controller or rebind controls along with an out of place wonky aiming system make the game feel very clunky and awkward to play. The music is also nothing to write home about.On the other hand, the character design and artstyle are great. Everyone is expressive and looks great. They have charming personalities and really interact with eachother well. Also the whole theme of being the bad guy and taking control of the boss is a very unique promising gameplay idea.Bottom line, Nefarious is not great. It's not bad by any means, but, at the current price and it's current state I feel it's not worth the money. But once it gets updated and its' issues are resolved you can bet I'll come back and continue to wreak havoc as Crow."
76561198057483405,Not Recommended,448290,29532810,Posted: 27 January,all,ScrapGenus,"Flimsy in all ways possible. All it has going for it is concept. The first boss fight felt weightless and unsatisfying because there was a lack of feedback, and Crow moves like Bubsy. Please complete the game before actually selling it."
76561198083972971,Not Recommended,448290,29692857,Posted: 4 February,all,LBXZero,"For the time being, I am more negative with this game than positive.  It has potential, but it needs more content to live up to its description.  The music is not to my taste in how I liked older game music.Every negative I can give this game involves lack of content.  It needs more levels, more customization for Crow, more variety of play, more villany goals, more variety in music, uses for the customization options available, a tutorial level for using the grenade jump, and so on.  The other negative involves the controls.  A hint for the final boss, work with the keyboard and mouse instead of a controller.On the other side, the story moves along to the plot of Despicable Me.  As much as you are the villain, the goal is to go soft and ultimately be defeated by friendship.  And because they use friendship, they need a pony princess just to say friendship is magic."
76561197992970282,Recommended,448290,29593459,Posted: 30 January,all,Denny Crane,"I don't understand the obsession with the Japanese culture. With that said, this was a fun little game. Fixing a broken system of society (Democrat majority) is what this video game is all about. A little too Jap looking for my personal taste and the controls are a little awkward.At first I gave this video game a negative review but after giving it another chance I am glad I did. Still don't like the Jap look to it but it was fun and has potential for a sequel. Denny Crane."
,Not Recommended,448290,29475035,Posted: 24 January,all,KRDiStort,"A fun and interesting cast of characters stuck in a mediocre action platformer. Buggy and poorly implemented combat mechanics, utterly empty sound design, and blocky art prevent a genuinely good idea from being a good game.Please read my full review here."
,Not Recommended,448290,32780351,Posted: 25 June,all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,"Pros+Humerous dialog+Okay visualsNeutrals*Music (I find it pretty ""Meh"" to be be honest, )Cons-Uninspired character designs-Certain enemies are too much of an annoyance than fun---Horrible level design (Enemy Placement, Unchallenging/Cheap Layouts, and the Railroad Level)"
76561198059655115,Not Recommended,448290,32770986,Posted: 25 June,all,Ray,"Okay... I'm going to say it right off the bat:  This game is freaking ugly. It looks like an old flash game from many years ago.The sprites and backgrounds don't fit together and the tiles look morbid. Sometimes it's even hard to tell what you can land on and what no. Even the music is out of place and doesn't fit the situation at hand.The gameplay is fine and controls tend to works well, but the utter chaos of the graphics ruin the game for me.(Gashi Gashi did great work with the character portraits but even that doesn't save the game.)This game was marketed with the fact that ""you can play♥♥♥♥♥different bosses from classic games"", but a great idea doesn't automatically make a great game. Pretty much every level between the boss battles are uninspired and once you get to the actual boss battle it tends to fall short too.Play it yourself or watch a video if you get the chance, but I highly recommend that you don't buy it without doing some research first. Oh, and do not buy it with the full price, wait for a sale.I really wish steam had the option for a neutral recommendation, but I have to go with the old thumb down."
76561198017063239,Recommended,448290,29566992,Posted: 29 January,all,SealfaceSexton,It's ok
,Not Recommended,448290,29546601,Posted: 28 January,all,716green,"I have a very strong aversion to platformers that:A) Use W or Spacebar to jumpB) Don't allow modified controlsC) Use the mouse to aim?This game could have been so good if it didn't rely on the mouse to aim and punch. I imagined this to be more like Megaman X style and was excited for it.The graphics and dialogue are fantastic but the controls are terrible and I can't recommend this game to anyone who truly loves platformers.It feels childish, like Rayman but with worse controls"
,Not Recommended,448290,29517717,Posted: 27 January,all,Smoke Fumus,"Soundtrack is complete garbage. it does every single thing to point and say ""i wanna be a french cartoon"" rather than ""classic videogame theme of a villain"". Even at orc stage, which actually kinda starts tolerably fun, but then it starts...singing. *facedesk*Outside of that glaring problem - game is a visual cluster♥♥♥♥, with some stages being tolerable on contrast, and some just burning your retina, with added bonus of being unable to locate hero without looking for him (instead of relying on split-second visual contrast).Also - physics are finnicky. That's the bane of half of modern platformers - instead relying on precision they rely on physics frameworks which turns the whole thing into a semi-precise mess.I do not recommend this game. The idea is interesting, but trust me, execution just isn't worth it."
76561198087603120,Not Recommended,448290,29476142,Posted: 24 January,all,circuitdragon,"got to farrahs folly  got passed the firs segment of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bomb jumps only to die on the second set got so angry i damaged my hand going to get it checked out tommorowEdit: i wrote this after i hit my hand so i wasn't thinking clearlyto expand on why i gave this a negative rating is the controls are not precise in earlier stages the game got away with it because they had little major platforming segments but in later stages with the bomb platforms, these are kinda hard to aim yourself  with and sometimes you fall through them altogether when you have lines of them you can't predict the path your going to go. even with normal platforms jumping can be difficult because your animation makes you slip"
76561198185978625,Recommended,448290,29532224,Posted: 27 January,all,Schlck72,"This game is nothing too groundbreaking, but it is definitly good, and I do recommend it. It's difficulty ranges in what you are looking for, whether just rushing through the level or finding the secrets, but I would say to best describe it would be a cross between a Wayforward and a Nintendo game. You play as a villain and kidnap the princess, and you also get to BE the bosses, piloting giant machines as you fight heros. A simple enough premise, but the music, writing, and art make it very enjoyable.EDIT: So, having played through the entire game, I can say the final level and boss fight is BEYOND difficult, especially for good ending. However, the game does a good job of adding in some more dramatic moments later in the game, but could probably have been better with just...more. As in, more levels with the Princesses and their power-ups, more areas to show off, et cetra. However, I hear the game just barely scrapped by on Kickstarter (Not due to bad publicity or anything, more of lack of advertising outside of towards the end of Bitf.) and while polished and good. may require more substance. Still, I do recommend this game, and with  enough people playing and loving it, who knows, we may get updates. This is still a very solid game, just could stand for some more mechanics, levels, etc."
76561197987312565,Recommended,448290,30396646,Posted: 8 March,all,Marconius,"A nicely subversive, well-written game with plenty of interesting characters and references to the classics. Really the story, setup, characters and dialogue are the main attraction here.Gameplay itself is a solid platformer, without anything too fancy; though there are several stages and boss battles with different mechanics that keeps things fresh. Bonus points for the game playing quite well on a keyboard and mouse setup, and not requiring a controller.The character art is also cute and fitting; the only complaint would probably be against the actual in-game sprites, which do feel slightly amateurish, and at times not fitting the character or the contents of dialogue. Animation quality is just fine, however.Overall very much recommended, even if you're not a huge fan of platformers; I'm not and I had a lot of fun with it."
76561198322496791,Recommended,448290,30957634,Posted: 5 April,all,spytgamer,this game is one of the most genius games i have ever played this game is cool also funny so i really recommend this game
,Recommended,448290,29970391,Posted: 16 February,all,Athetos,"I've always wanted to be the villain, and Nefarious captures that perfectly. I kinda wish there were more reverse boss fights, though."
76561197996598947,Recommended,448290,30049691,Posted: 19 February,all,Doseku,"To start things off this game isn't that bad.  It has potential but it also has it's own share of problems.Let's start with the positives,  One of the games biggest strengths is it's character interactions.  The game does have a lot of charm to it and I do like a lot of the characters that we do meet.  The artwork is alright with the character portraits being some of the best looking bits.  The music isn't too bad and I found myself wondering which track is my favorite because as soon as I thought I had one favorite track the next level would suprise me with an even better track.  It has a decent amount of stages with secret ones that show up once certain criteria are met.However there are a few flaws that I would like to talk about.One of the biggest ones has to do with the music.  As nice as the songs are, they have a problem with not being able to loop seamlessly like you would see in practically every other game.  The songs have clear endpoints and start points so it's obvious when the track restarts.  Heck some of them even leave you with a few seconds of nothing before the music starts up again and it can be annoying especially on the longer stages.  Again the music isn't bad but I just wish they actually looped correctly.The next point of contention has to be the boss battles.  They are somewhat varied as in the stages that do contain them have different fights so that the fight in one stage is not the same one you get in another.  One example would be the snow stage boss involves you in a giant robot while the lava stage boss fight is a turn based rpg battle.  However this variety comes at a cost.  No boss fight feels really complete.  They are all barebones and simplistic.  This would have been a great chance to get creative but it seems to be a wasted opportunity.  An example of this would be the snow stage.  It basically consists of you inside a giant robot with the only thing to attack with is your robo fists, by smashing them down on the hero running across the bottom of the screen.  You can see everything about the fight within the first several seconds becasue that's all the fight is.However the biggest problem lies within the sovereign.  If you happen to leave the game and come back, you will be in your ship however all the princesses that have been kidnapped so far will have disappeared.  This will lead to a problem in three seperate occasions.  The first being that there is a part of the game where you need to talk to them for a quest and since they won't be there because you quite the game, you essentially become stuck until restart the stage because restarting the game won't fix your problem.  The other two times so far will cause you to miss cutscenes that happen when you try to select a level.  One of the cutscenes that can be missed will in fact lock you out of a secret level because the cutscene is needed to initiate the stage that unlocks the hidden stage.  It's a problem that I don't know how the developer missed it  through testing.All said I would recommend the game because despite it's flaws it really isn't that bad.  It just needs more polish and for the boss fights to be fleshed out better and not be so barebones."
76561198007274447,Recommended,448290,29545797,Posted: 28 January,all,MKUltra,"Pretty good game, has creative writing and an interesting premise. But it's pretty buggy right now. Granted it only released a few days ago, but you might still want to wait for some patches."
,Recommended,448290,29558883,Posted: 29 January,all,Malay,"Amassing game, very fun, BUT...Its way too short. I already beat it. Its got a mini story that might be disliked by some, it's a little about friendship and love, but it's just some dialogue. Anyways, it's short but fun. Buy it at your own risk, I think the price is too steep for 5 and a half hours of gameplay."
76561198155312238,Recommended,448290,29463186,Posted: 24 January,all,Zy Soua,"Nice sweet game with a cute story and characters that certainly captivate with their dialogues and comments. Nice art style and beautiful music in some of the levels. If to look closely, you can find a lot of things to chuckle about in the background on some levels what were added clearly for satiric effect. I enjoyed also the fact that in general the game could be possibly completed with same equipment you have from the start, because grenade jump is actually very, I repeat, very useful throught entire game. I found hand upgrades mostly useless, except the tri-punch what actually had surprising blasting force. Health and armor upgrades...eh...well, I don't think you will much need these until you get somewhere up to level four-five. Other levels have simple design and not that much swarming enemies. But starting from Demon lands difficulty and enemy numbers start to scale.Of course there were a few unpleasant things too. Controls feel a bit uncomfortable and aiming was biggest problem for me in some levels just due to the fact that I couldn't find where the sight is (some backgrounds are exactly or close in colour).  I found it a bit sad that only few parts of dialogue had a voiceover, but it certainly didn't hurt in overall.Pros:-Nice graphic-Good music-Cute story-Captivating characters and dialoguesCons:-Controls-Partial voiceover-Lack of display setting configuration (maybe will be added later)"
76561198027748338,Recommended,448290,31071820,Posted: 10 April,all,Ink,"-Significantly revised because words.Nefarious is a VERY good game, albeit a bit short. It has loads of charm and personality all it's own and while a bit rough around the edges I would truly consider it a gem. Heck I decided to support any future plans of this series insofar as possible I loved this game so much. The artwork by Gashi-gashi was also a fantastic touch."
,Recommended,448290,29460986,Posted: 24 January,all,Sco X Ryder,This game is decent overall as the music and art style is amasing with fluid animation and a cathy sountrack aswell as the writing which is funny and  and uses a lot of streotypical bits from these types of games.The gameplay above average it should work for the game with a punch and shoot mechanic which works but the bosses are a bit lacking with the exception of a couple as they are pretty easy and can be over in a short time i f you find their simple pattern out.Overall I enjoyed the game and if you enjoy action  platorming games then you will like this one.
76561197996231119,Recommended,448290,29459699,Posted: 24 January,all,mew6,"This game is everything I want in a game.The writing is fantastic. Every line is pure gold, the jokes are great, and the plot keeps me guessing.All the characters are unique and interesting. For a game with such a stereotypical concept (kidnap princesses) it really know how to play off those tropes in interseting and creative ways.The gameplay is arguably the weakest category. It's a side-scroller platformer with shooting and punching. But even that has a pretty balanced sense of difficulty. You're bound to die a few times unless you're the hardest of the core and there's some intense challenges if you collect everything, but it you just want to see the story, it never reaches ""insurmountable"" unless you don't know how your weapons work.The music is fantastic. It's not quite Undertale level, but some of those songs come close, pumping you up for action, winding you down for a moodier moment, and always, always, creating those earworm melodies that you find yourself singing along.I've been having a bit of a bad week so far but this game made me smile and laugh and forget my worries for just a while. And when I found out my brother was having a bad day as well, I told him to try it and it cheered him up too. Play this if you need to smile."
76561198000852812,Recommended,448290,29458141,Posted: 24 January,all,Rahzum,"""Charming"" is the best way to describe Nefarious. A charming little platformer, maybe 3-5 hours in length, and made with so much love it's practically bursting at the seams with affection.It's a capital ""I"" Indie game, so there are some minor UI bugs, and an occasional glitch that makes NPCs disappear and requires a reload to fix, but if you go in expecting some rough corners, Nefarious has the heart to make it worth your time.Just don't get the Machine Gun Fist, it's a trap."
,Recommended,448290,29835718,Posted: 10 February,all,Slowpoke,"Here's the thing about Nefarious: Great ideas for making you feel like the villain, especially in the boss fights, but this game displays a REMARKABLE lack of polish.For example, the first boss fight sees you piloting a small spherical ship carrying a wrecking ball on a chain that you swing around to hit the attacking hero, which is essentially the first boss fight from Sonic the Hedgehog but with you as Eggman/Robotnik. Great idea, right?The hero raises these towers from the ground that he'll stand on to shoot at you, and you can use the ball to knock them down. But when you knock them down, they just fall over. There's no particle effects, no screen shaking, there aren't even anysound effectsto go along with it. And when you hit the hero with the ball, it just plays a small ""whack"" sound effect andthe ballbounces off ofhim. You'd expect that he'd get flung across the stage from the force of being hit, but no. He's not affected by being struck by the ball in the slightest, except that it makes him a little dizzy. The ball, however, bounces right off his head as if he's made of concrete. This makes it feel like the ball actually weighslessthan the hero does, and more like you're swinging around an oversized party balloon instead of a massive wrecking ball of solid metal.This kinda stuff doesn't make the game BAD, but it really gives the whole experience a very ho-hum feeling because nothing you do seems to have any real impact. Any POWER! You're finally given access to all the rad weapons that every villain you've ever had to fight has used against you, and they just seem hollow and lackluster. Combine this with the fact that there's ZERO dialogue after beating any of the heroes (in stark contrast to practically every other interaction with them), and the end result is that these super cool and cleverly designed encounters just come across as unimpressive and gimmicky. Which is a real shame, because the actual gameplay is pretty fun and interesting, and you can tell that a lot of effort went into making them challenging while being faithful to the original boss fights they were inspired by AND also fun at the same time.Isincerelyhope that this is something StarBlade can address by pushing out some updates to the game or something, because it wouldn't take a whole lot of work compared to what they've already done, and I have a feeling that it'd really improve the game's overall reception. They have a solid design, great characters, and snappy voice acting to flesh out geniunely comedic writing, but they really need to make it seem like Crow is the badass evil mastermind that he deserves to be.With a small amount of extra attention, Nefarious could really be something special."
,Recommended,448290,29692552,Posted: 4 February,all,Jackie the Lich Queen,"I got this game free from my stream fans pooling some cash together and getting it for me. Would I still buy this game disregarding that fact and having finished the game to the true ending? Yes.I want to start with saying that even with its problems, I absolutely love this game. The characters have decent personality, the gameplay is fun, the visuals are nice, and the music is great. I like that Crow may be genuinely a better person than the heroes you face during the game, that's great.I beat this game in a single run in 3 hours 35 minutes. But that is because I tend to blow through platformers, and speedrun similar playing games. 50 minutes were likely dedicated to the Secret True Ending path alone, which is a decent increase to the time if you did the math.After that preface, time to list the pros and the cons.PROS:Enjoyable cast, full of personalityI love the art, even if there's a strange character bubble art/ingame art divide, (I think I may even like it a bit more, actually.)The music is great.The gameplay can be fun and challenging, but some portions aren't for everyone.The Boss battles are enjoyable.New dialog for the main characters after each level/major eventConsSometimes the music loops strangelyToo many flying enemies during some tense platforming segmentsGame length can turn some players off (6 hours)The true ending path is extremely hidden and shockingly specificOverall I love this game so much, even with its flaws."
76561198235154516,Recommended,448290,29831307,Posted: 10 February,all,Dubz1944,"Imagine if the creator's of Rick & Morty made a T rate game. Lots of Awesome Easter Eggs & one liners. Best way to describe this game is ""Looks like a bunch of Legal Safe Knock off Boss Battles from the 90's"""
76561198039408490,Recommended,448290,29795179,Posted: 8 February,all,primal fox,great game overall. main problem. Becky was not an evil misstress like out of overlord. other then that great.
,Recommended,448290,29908908,Posted: 13 February,all,diamondnow123,"I love this game. My favorite part is that you're the bad guy! I really like those scenarios. One thing is that when your doing the parody battle of final phantasy, your nose is a triangle. On the loading screen for level transitions and at the end of a level, your nose is an oval. The noses keep changing and it effected my opinion for the game. To be honest I really like the triangle nose because it looks more evil. Also there's a huge difference between the character art and their picture on dialog bubbles. That was very confusing and also effected my opinion for the game. I'm not saying that I hate the game but I have made the assumption that they worked on the story too much and therefore the character art was bad. Besides these complaints, I enjoyed every second Playing this nefarious game. Except the loading screen..."
76561198265530578,Recommended,448290,32834311,Posted: 26 June,all,Dink Deputy,"it was purrty gud.  I played with a controller and the aiming was a tad finicky but whateves, I likededddeed it."
,Recommended,448290,32839699,Posted: 26 June,all,HHGamers,"An enjoyable take on an old classic. The soundtrack was great and each level had amazing music to match with it. The dialog was humerous and kinda memey at times too. All in all a pretty an enjoyable experience, but wish it would of been slightly longer."
76561198268993308,Recommended,448290,33639882,Posted: 18 July,all,Skiboy334,"(I played offline close to 12 hours but Steam doesn't update time played so my 0.3 is a lie)Gameplay: 6.5/10Graphics: 7/10Story: 10/10Music: 9/10A great twist on calssic 2D platformers, playing as the villain! The story is excellent and changeable (different endings) so you really feel immersed in the game. Playing with a controller can be difficult at times, and general control sensitivity can be rough. Difficulty spikes appear often, with one level being fairly simple and then the next being off the charts difficult. The sprites do look a bit strange and different compared to their ""Chat Box"" characters. The music is great and varies throughout the game. Overall 8/10 game, would play again"
76561198255402169,Recommended,448290,33480782,Posted: 12 July,all,wilbjo500,"This game is great. The gameplay is awesome, the controls are decent enough, And the music is 10 out of 10. Though the real flaw of this is the bosses. It feels good to just sit in the mech and crush heroes. Exept from the 8-bit heroes, wich where kinda lame. The story is the best I've heard in a long time, and the intro: GENIUS!!! Though be wary that there are bad stuff with this too. For example frustrating difficulty and non-replayability. Overall, a very fun challenge with amazing soundtrack and great story!"
,Recommended,448290,34464357,Posted: 24 August,all,Spookro,"This game deserves a special spot on my list, but I have a set of games out there for 2d platformers.Most reviews that I have seen have dissed 3 things: Controls, level design/music, and the final boss. Let's go through all of that.Gameplay: starting off with the easy one, Crow has momentum, he will not instantly stop. Many people hate this but I love it, makes me feel like I'm actually moving through a dangerous area, however, some areas are...not good with this. Dr Cackles lab and Farrah's Folly are some of the worst of the bunch, only because of the crappy mid-air jumps, they are so precise and annoying, especially since the game doesn't recognize the fact that you jumped. But other times, feels nice to run and punch crap.Combat: Another easy one, of course you're gonna use your grenade launcher for 80% of the game, but thats just because its good. I like to punch♥♥♥♥♥♥ feels nice, and the triple punch destroys everything. Due to me hating ranged weapons, I punched, so I wouldn't use the grenades for weapons, but tools, to grab crowns and stuff. Sticky bombs are probably easiest for grenade jumping however. I would have changed my entire mind of this game if the crowns were needed for the true ending, but no, they are just needed to 100% the game.Level Design: this could use a makeup, mid-air jumps aren't fair, Sukochi and Dr. Cackles lab had way too many bottomless pits, and every single time you would come face to face with a pit, a reaper showed up (r eapers are the flying police robots the shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥ which would usually result in Crow falling and me wanting to put a hole in my computer.Bosses: I get it, its hard to make a decent boss that has gimmicks, but every boss is so easy, Gur and Dash we skill based while the power rangers inspired one, see what happened? That boss sucked so much I forgot its name, took 6 seconds witb triple punch. Final boss was amazing, both good and bad, The true boss was difficult but not impossible (as most reviews say) if you get used to trajectory and moving as well as having all health upgrade, The bad ending boss was easy, but still, I think you get my point.Music: I like it, i'd pay for the ost, they were catchy and funny, Final Boss one felt like it fit the theme, almost all of them fit the theme, Insektia fit the most, The one for Winterdown was hilarious, and the one for Sukochi was passable.Well I think I put everything I could think of. I love this game so much, i'd pay even more for it then just $15. Also because of Farrah, I felt she was just sad and too happy."
76561198061301313,Recommended,448290,34321692,Posted: 17 August,all,Lord Spooky,"This was a really fun game, the graphics are great, the characters are memorable and interesting, and the story is just.... MMMMHHHHHHH SO GOOD it was also really challenging, and i found myself having to redo certain sections again and again because of the difficulty. another great thing about this game is how it plays from the perspective of the villain, and the boss fights were one of the best parts."
,Recommended,448290,35237101,Posted: 27 September,all,Hilda Evernight,"I highly reccomend this game and always will.The gameplay was very fun, excellent platforming challenges mixed with an entertaining form of combat that made me look forward to replaying levels with missed collectables rather than dreading it!  Besides, Whats more fun than punching through anything that gets in your way? The reverse boss battles were probably the most entertaining boss battles ive ever experianced. They made me feel like for once i had all the power, as the bad guy rightly should.The music was amazing, fitting to every situation and every area and really hyping me up to play the game. I listen to the soundtrack regularly when doing anything else, from walking, driving, and even playing it over other games. I also adore the fact that you can set the hub music to whatever track you like, so long as youve found the hidden collectable for it.The story blew me away, it really made me enjoy myself as the villian, taking me through the other sided of the classic story of a captured princess, but with a fun spin! The characters were all great, not a sinlge one i hated outside of perhaps the one youre ment to hate. I cant bring myself to spoil anything here even for the sake of the review, serously you jsut have to see it for yourself.If i had to force myself to name a flaw, its the only one i found, nd its not een big. pretty much whenever i use the grenades sometimes it does a long shot, even without me holding the button which can hurt grenade jumps on the fly. Really not a huge issue as the areas you need grenade jumps are mostly optional, and few and far between. So Yeah thats seriously no reason to take away any points.In conclusion, this instantly became my favorite game of all time, ill be reccomending it to everyone i know for years to come and ill continue to support the dev on their patreon page. 10/10 imo, will ply again countless times."
76561198073857364,Recommended,448290,29758670,Posted: 7 February,all,dinnisus,"Story: 10/10The writing is witty, entertaining and in serious moments it caught me off guard more than once. The story itself is a deconstruction of villain-centered tropes, but the characters and world manage to be colorful and imaginative enough that they're memorable in their own right.Crow is a villain protagonist, and without spoiling anything, he manages to form real connections and have genuine development with the other characters without hitting the muck of anti-heroism. He's a villain 100%, and he does it because he loves it. It's as simple as that, without it being all that simple.The Princesses are monarchs in all but name of their respective kingdoms; true videogame princesses. And even from the position of being kidnapped and stashed on Crow's ship like a trophy collection, they all have personal agency and an active role in the story. They all have interesting personalities and defining character moments.The game manages to avert gameplay/story segregation. During gameplay it still felt like there was a story happening around me, and strictly story moments didn't lose the sense that I was playing a game.Gameplay: 5/10It lacks polish. The controls are sluggish and imprecise. I found myself relying more on Crow's ability to absorb damage than reflex or skill. His basic melee attack has a delay that feels like it belongs in a slower-paced, more methodical game, and his alt-weapons made every effort to not be overpowered and feel equally stifled.Checkpoints are frequent and you don't have a finite number of lives. This helps, but it's still subpar as platformers go.The reverse boss fights are fun the first time, but all consist of learning one tactic that works and repeating until the fight is won. Even the true final boss is like this; the fight itself is a technical mess, but it becomes easy once you learn the winning pattern.Sound: 7/10If this music was in anything other than a 2D platformer it'd be solid gold, but as it stands its pacing is too relaxed and doesn't click right in the brain.The sound effects are solid and there's nothing to complain about. I wouldn't even bring them up if not for some instances of the soundwork standing out in a positive way, such as the regular steel groaning inside Crow's airship.Visuals: 9/10The characters are all hand-drawn down to the faceless redshirts you blow up and they look beautiful. Crow's heavier mech hand dangling behind him when he runs is a touch you don't see just anywhere. The different regions feel visually distinct.OverallThis kind of game is to my taste, and I found it well worth the $15 wish I'd supported its Kickstarter. This game is a gem. A semi-cut, flawed gem, but a gem."
