user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198018894642,Recommended,448400,21887848,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Amjara,"First off the price is great for a bundle! I expect some to be just okay with maybe one or two really making the bundle worth it.  I will be rating them as I play them.Kronville: Stolen DreamsFun Factor 3/5Graphics 3/5Level of Challenge 3/5Storyline 3/5Overall a average okay game. The graphics are decent for an older game on a newer PC with widescreen. I find the items and closing windows lags a bit (the items could be more mouse sensitive). So the first one I could take or leave really. Only played it less than an hour and I got bored.Cruel Games: Red RidinghoodFun Factor 3/5Graphics 3/5Level of Challenge 2/5Storyline 3/5* No travel map or special hidden objects. Good to pass an afternoon if you have a couple hours to kill. I found the challenges and puzzles in this one to be pretty easy, maybe to easy.The Other Side-Tower of SoulsFun Factor 4/5Graphics 5/5Level of Challenge 4/5Storyline 4/5I actually really liked this one. It had cool weird artwork and good voice overs. The best one in the bundle to date!Panopticon-Path of ReflectionsFun Factor 1/5Graphics 1/5Level of Challenge 1/5Storyline 1/5Worst one so far. The graphics are so flat and dull and the characters are in the style of old 3d. Only played 15 minutes and turned this one off.The Lake House-Children of SilenceFun Factor  5/5Graphics 4/5Level of Challenge 4/5Storyline 5/5Really liked this one. I found the story pretty good and the atmosphere a bit darker. Also there is a bonus chapter in this game!Mexicana-Deadly HolidayFun Factor 5/5Graphics 5/5Level of Challenge 4/5Storyline 5/5One of the best games of the pack. Very unique artwork and a diffrent approach to game play. I really am enjoying this game out of the bunch. Also it has a travel map too!"
,Recommended,448400,22043002,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"I wrote a review too long for Steam. I cut the stories (and some less important parts), so, check the store page to read them.Hidden Object Bundle 6 in 1 is the new pack from Alawar to discover the genre. So, are the games worthy of your wallet?KronvilleWhile the plot was initially interesting, I found myself a little lost with new elements thrown. However, what's interesting in this game is that the concept of using dreams to solve the mystery is well used. Here, fairy tales are used and villains are the man haunting the sleep of the children.The gameplay is standard. However, contrary to most games of the genre, here, you have many alternatives for the hidden objects scenes. And you have even to interact in them before getting the list of words or shapes! My only problem are the puzzles: many of them are difficult to understand, even when looking the help. I ended up to skip the most of them, as they frustrated me faster than usual.The graphics are good and sad at the same time: only the dreams are colorful, even in the drama they're representing. Kronville seems so without life, without any light... But that's why you're thinking that there is an evil entity roaming in it, a paranormal one. The soundtrack is correct too.PanopticonThe plot is well written: you have some interesting twists and you don't have any plotholes. Besides, I must admit that I'm quite impressed with it. I was in reality expecting an average game, don't ask me why I was convinced that it would be a disaster.The gameplay is the standard one. However, the game come with two difficulties. But it will not change the easiness of the hidden objects list or the puzzles. It means that you don't get frustrated during the game for these parts. It doesn't mean that the rest is flowing like that: sometimes, some actions, despite having the right items, can't be done before going elsewhere. The inventory, once locked, can be unlocked because you misclicked, which is annoying (the button is in the middle, that's why many misclicks can happen when you want to go back).The journey through different worlds is also a nice one: everything is colorful. While I love darker hidden objects, I'm also sensible to those showing me a magical path. The graphics are nice, however, I liked less the fact that the characters looked like they're not belonging to the scenes. The soundtrack was also very pleasant.Panopticon itself can justify to buy the bundle.Cruel GamesThe game has an interesting plot: usually, fairy tales HO games are set in a fantasy world or in dreams or are the subject in themselves. Here, Red Riding Hood is in a modern era, with a killer you're trying to catch, by being a victim of him. The twist at the end is also shocking, though I understood where it was heading in the last scene, by looking closely at some details.If you read the gameplay passages above, you'll know that nothing is new: puzzles, list of items to find... Everything is very easy, however, some items or interesting areas aren't really clicking in your head: they're really near the wolf head, serving as hint. So, your sight is actually set on it instead of what's around.As the time is our present days, you think that you'll visit normal locations. However, between an abandoned casino hotel and a cemetary, the only modern locations are the bar, gas station, motel and docks. Everything is set during the night, with a persistent rain. However, the serial killer is also fan of dummies: you'll find them a lot in the game, impersonating real people (you think someone is in the motel room, but it's a wooden doll) for example. The soundtrack is also fitting.Cruel Games is also a nice game, which means that already, half of the bundle is enjoyable.Lake HouseThe plot could have been better if it wasn't spoiled early. Indeed, the only alive person you meet at first is easily recognized. The only question that stays is your role in the whole story. I must say that I regretted that move. However, the rest is pretty much interesting, like the fact that key moments from the past are on microfilms and are seen thanks to a projector.The gameplay is pretty classic - however, the hidden objects scenes aren't as easy as I thought, as I've played Lake House after the three mentionned above. Indeed, some objects are well hidden. As far for the puzzles, they're pretty normal and easy for the most of them.The graphics are correct, though you don't stay as I've expected in the house: you visit the town around, deserted because of a persistent fog that appeared suddenly. Everything around seems creepy: dummies everywhere so that the only living being doesn't feel lonely, abandoned buildings, a woman that is appearing from nowhere. The soundtrack is correct as the voice actings.The game is a collector's edition, meaning that you have a chapter bonus where you're finally the woman and where you need to go back to the house to destroy the mask. Once played, you'll unlock bonus: videos, concept arts and wallpapers.While I didn't enjoy it as much as I've enjoyed the three before, Lake House isn't disappointing.The Other SideI was expecting this game to be a tale into a fantasy world, given the fact that the cat is shown on the header. However, reading the synopsys made me wonder where it was headed. The story isn't really a strengh here. However, the cat is probably the best feature. Indeed, while he's kinda ironic, he always has something to say AND he's full of hints towards what you should do. Where I was expecting him to be boring and annoying, I found him very funny.The game comes with two endings and with two difficulties. However, it could have been a collector's edition because you have a shop where you buy clothes, glasses or jewelry for the cat, with interesting bonus tied to them (-25% of time for charging hint for example). You have to find cat paw prints in the hidden objects scenes or in the levels, there are more than 100. Also, you have ingame achievements.The graphics are quite good: they're not creepy despite the story but they're colorful. As for the soundtrack, it's correct.However, the fact that the game wanted me to install something to play it isn't really something I liked. I refused it and it didn't change anything in the game. Also, when I did a right click, I discovered that it was a flash game.Despite that, The Other Side: Tower of Souls is a good surprise.MexicanaThe story didn't disappoint me though I didn't expect the girl to be part of this special world. Besides, I loved the fact that they used a celebration elsewhere than in USA as the beginning. It's a nice way to discover some traditions for this special day.As for the gameplay, it's the standard one. Indeed, between puzzles and hidden objects scenes, you don't have anything new, even if you have to search for pages of a codex. Everything is well-balanced.For the graphics, they're really nice: the afterworld is colorful, without real sadness or creepy location in it. I loved also the cutscenes presenting every character. It reminded me of Borderlands. As for the soundtrack, it was really enjoyable. I loved the fact that it was an ambiance that sticked to the mexican celebration or at least, in a latino style.Seriously, Mexicana didn't disappoint me. It was a really good game, I've spent an agreable moment with it, so I'm very happy to see that this bundle of 6 games was a bundle of joy.ConclusionI was relieved to see that none of the game were a joke. Sure, they're not all of the same quality but the difference is tiny. Alawar made a nice pick for the bundle. For the price, it's a very nice surprise here. Right now, given the fact that none of the games are released yet on Steam, go for it. Hours spent in it will be very enjoyable."
,Recommended,448400,22201214,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,shiaakuma,"This bundle of six hidden object games is well worth the asking price.The games vary in quality but each has an interesting plot and some unique elements that make them really good plays.  It seemed to me to be a well chosen selection of different plots and mechanics.  In terms of length, each game is pretty standard for the genre (running at an average of about 3 hours each).  None of the six have any really egregious or annoying aspects to deal with and are pretty entertaining.So far, I've played five of the six games without any issues in terms of errors, bugs, or inability to load (a problem that was prevalent for some people in the similar 5-in-1 bundle).  So if you have any concerns about loading and playing these, I don't think you have anything to worry about.So without digging deeply into each individual game, at an average of $2 per game at full bundle price, I would highly recommend this to any fan of the HO genre.  It is 100% worth the full price for the number and length of the games.EDIT:  The original review was made after playing five of the six games, so naturally the sixth one had to give me some trouble.  The game doesn't agree with high-res, but if you lock the game to a lower resolution there's no trouble.  This last one (Mexicana) also happens to be my least favorite of the games for some reason, but it's not terrible even though the plot gets a little far out and the HO scenes aren't as crisp as the others."
76561198052385248,Recommended,448400,21928408,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,GhostCat,A small price for a very good bundle.One of the game has collectible and achievementGreat stories fo far. ( Played 4 of them)
,Recommended,448400,29660184,Posted: 2 February,all,Don John,Without this game I wouldn't have a clue what a Hurdy Gurdy was... because before this game I just thought it was a nonsense word.  I live a fuller life now.
,Recommended,448400,25868471,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Hemlock Tea,"I would only recommend this to the hard core HO collector or if it's on sale. 5 out of the 6 games are basic, without the extra features you see in ""collector's edition"" versions of the game that sometimes make them replayable, like extra chapters, hidden extra objects to correct on each screen, in-game achievements, etc. I played a couple of them before without realizing it until I started them here, because they weren't that memorable.A couple of them have interesting takes on HOS, though, such as having to use the objects you already found to interact with and find further objects in the scene. Some of them have interesting art and storylies that are a bit different than the normal stuff you see in these types of games.However, the real star of the bundle, and the reason to get this, at least when it's sale, is Other Side: Tower of Souls. It has a very different story line with some really off-th-wall characters that you have to figure out how to defeat. The cheshire cat buddy you have to help you out is kind of funny, and there's even a shop where you spend paw print coins you find throughout the game to get hint recharge items.The Other Side  is very replayable, especially if like me you select expert mode and realize that it is actually quite difficult and have to skip a couple of mini games (that stupid moon puzzle argh). I'm going to have to go back and play easy mode to see if I can beat them for the achievements and also to find nearly 20 of the 100 paw prints I somehow missed I the game despite diligent searching. The only negative to this game is there is a *lot* of reading, long journal entries everywhere, endless dialogue, which is a crutch by game designers to data dump the story on players. Also too many long cutscenes, nearly every new screen you get too. But you don't really need to read/watch these to get the gist of the story, and can skip them.This game really needs Achievements, even if they're only tied to The Other Side: Tower of Souls in-game achievements."
,Recommended,448400,32893980,Posted: 27 June,all,txernest,"This is an excellent HOG pack! Each game has about 3 hours of play-time and they tend towards having interesting plots to buoy the experience. If you're a fan of HOG, this bundle is a definite good buy, especially when on-sale. Two-sentence reviews of each game:Cruel GamesThis game is a little odd in that the story doesn't really ever come to make sense. While it tries to tell you things are urgent, the gameplay does not reflect that and neither does the artwork and styling, so there is a bit of a disconnect between what you're shown and told.KronvilleThis one is probably the least visually-appealing of the pack and the story isn't handled as well as it feels like it could be. The Dreamwalking element keeps things interesting and varied as you work through the crime and mystery.PanopticonThe idea for this game is great, but graphics wise it falls flatter than most of the others. The ever-changing setting makes this game feel a bit more adventurous than others in the pack, despite the story being a bit lacking beyond the idea.Lake HouseStory-wise, this one takes the cake for this pack. It's darker than the others and beautifully created to match the tone that story sets. This one was probably my favorite of the pack, although the next two are also high up there.The Other SideThis game has some interesting components to it that aren't found in others in the pack and create a slightly different gameplay experience, which was fun. Your cat sidekick is fun to have around, and the story great.MexicanaI was excited to play this game in particular, as I was a fan of the idea for the setting. It is not as intricate as the two above, story-wise, but it certainly hit the spot and the artwork is gorgeous, so it didn't let me down."
,Recommended,448400,21983945,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Eric Dane,"Pro: A fairy long and good story. Great varity in puzzels.Con: I mis spoken dialog. When using ""Hint"" some sparkels showed up at wrong places."
76561198043162376,Recommended,448400,32210177,Posted: 5 June,all,Brian,This is a super deal.  Each game costs less than two dollars even if you have to pay $11.99 for this bundle of games.  All of the games in this bundle will allow you to correct the aspect ratio for a widescreen monitor.  They all have good graphics and sounds.  Two of the games will display fullscreen graphics on a widescreen monitor.  The other four games have a 4:3 aspect ratio.  They were created before most people started using widescreen monitors.  The Other Side: Tower of Souls is definitely a masterpiece.  I haven't seen a hidden-object game quite like it.  It does have amazing graphics.
76561197970078168,Recommended,448400,22595415,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,hermetico,"A pack with 6 hidden object/puzzle games.Not everyone has the same interest or quality, however.Krnoville: Stolen Dreams, seemed to be inconnexed, boring and ugly.Panopticon: Path of reflections is a tad better, with good translation but, minigames or puzzles are confussing.Cruelgames was ok, overall.In the Lake House quality is a couple of steps up.The other side: Tower of Souls: has same or more quality than the Lake House, its curious, original even than graphics are a bit chilly.Mexicana is the best one of all them, nice quality, original graphics, story and puzzles. Some very easy, some very difficult, a bit of everything.Well, for its price, at  least the three latest worth the money"
76561198058647383,Recommended,448400,23309494,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nefrarya,"While I absolutely hate the bundling system, the games range from good to great and I recommend playing them."
76561198126476592,Recommended,448400,25040947,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jjrrmm55,I love all of these games except Panocopia freezes when it gets to a certain spot and I cannot get out of it. I have uninstalled the package and reinstalled it and it still does not work. Very disappointing.
76561198068182486,Recommended,448400,22013461,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Trouble,I enjoyed five of the six in this bundle but one of them crashed without fail every single time I tried to play it. So really you get a bundle of five playable ones.
76561198109565005,Recommended,448400,21901818,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,simshady,Good games. Good puzzles. :)
76561198127467537,Recommended,448400,28623875,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,yasminturbett,6 in 1? holy crapamoly what a bargain. 6 of the greatest games ever made in 1 cheap♥♥♥♥♥bundle!
76561198046235817,Recommended,448400,28963583,Posted: 2 January,all,DarkRhiannon,"So far i'm enjoying the games. i've completed two and was surprised by the length of them. Cruel games was a little hokey in my opinion but still fun. The lake house was actually rather interesting with a somewhat complete story line. there was, i felt, a bit of an incomplete feel to the ending. there is also quite a bit of back tracking. however if you don't mind the back tracking then the puzzles are fun, some more complicated then others. i was actually impressed with that one. so i'm actually looking for at trying the other four. i bought this while on sale, well aware i might not be getting great quality games, so i'm pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,448400,28888159,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is like a chronology of improvement in the graphics, soundtrack, mechanics, voice acting and overall refinement of this developer's games. The first game is fairly clunky (although it does have nice visuals) but by the fifth you can see the games are at a high quality and much more immersive/enjoyable. If you've enjoyed Artifex Mundi's hidden object games, you'll likely enjoy these, too. Also, 6 games in one bundle is pretty good value. ****"
76561198345597079,Recommended,448400,30240083,Posted: 28 February,all,pic,"Great bundle if you like casual point and click games. All 6 games are a decent length, but if you're someone who plays a lot of these then it won't take you too long - they're pretty simple puzzles. Decent price. Thumbs up!!"
76561198277794083,Recommended,448400,29234849,Posted: 13 January,all,pennyvaughan_3,"I thought 4 out of the 6 games were good. But when I played Mexicana Deadly Holidays, when it got to the mini games, it sometimes kicked me out of the game, this happened quite a few times.Cruel Tales Red Riding Hood - awful game, bad graphics, bad storyline.Panoptican - it was ok but there have been much better games.Bundle was worth the price. 7/10"
76561198169353244,Recommended,448400,32387410,Posted: 13 June,all,Kreanna,"Is fun and will keep anyone occupied for hours,  Price is not bad for the bundle."
,Recommended,448400,32655667,Posted: 22 June,all,petalpierrot,"Order played:Mexicana Deadly Holiday+Art direction was beautiful+Soundtrack was really nice+Clearly they put time and effort to make it very atmospheric-Many puzzles are tedious.-unclear what you’re supposed to click on-unclear on what items you need to get to progress so I ended up relying on hints too much.-the hitbox is pretty specific in terms of item placement-HO screens are kind of confusing-overall game is pretty unclear-the pacing was meh-the story was mehOverall it was alright.The Lake House: Children of Silence+Good voice acting and creative puzzles+Solid story+Beautiful visuals-Some puzzles were pretty confusingOverall I thoroughly enjoyed it and have nothing but praise for it.Kornville: Stolen Dreams+Solid game with good puzzles and a nice soundtrack.-There was an area similar to that of The Lake House which is kind of uncreative. Even if the design of the area was nice, copying and pasting an area isn’t a good solution.Panopticon: Path of Reflections+Cool puzzles+Really nice soundtrack-kind of has a racist stereotype-glitchesOtherwise, it was fun to play.Cruel Games: Red Riding Hood+nice visuals+Interesting setup+Fast travel via the main map, so you don't have to click from screen to screen-some things are mislabeled ie. Jug = Jar/Pentagram = Star which can be confusingThe other Side: The Tower of Souls+Really beautiful-Game constantly berates you for trying to explore-EDIT: I reinstalled the game and finished it, it was alright but buggy."
,Recommended,448400,33844519,Posted: 27 July,all,PoPPinkPunkPrincess91,"If you like casual games that are quick and easy, this is a good time filler. I would say some of the games are tedios at some points but they all have good story lines"
