user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,448580,24182714,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,that's what she said,"Oh god, so good. And I'm the one who was really disappointed in both Outlast and Alien: Isolation.Dead End Road scrathes that one itch I didn't even know existed.Give it a go, it's deliberately confusing game as there isn't any explanations or tutorials but it really adds to overall experience. You have to figure stuff out by yourself.Sound design is top notch, visuals are primitive but stylish and work really well.Yeap, it's a 'night drive' game. 24/7 gas stations, supermarkets and pawn shops, hitchikers, cows, drunks suddenly appearing in front of your car, bums in dark alleys asking for money, trash bins, dead bodies, severed heads, walls of tortured souls, rain of blood, tunnels of flesh and so on. You know, all the usual stuff you might expect from a night drive.And it's so cheap you'd feel like you robbed the developer."
76561198250544344,Recommended,448580,24198897,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,VarChar,"Dead End Road is a driving/horror game rendered in pixelated graphics.While performing a misterious ritual, you open the gate to some dark spirits that are out to get you. But completing the ritual is of utmost importance, so you embark on a journey across cities to finish the deal.The game displays an interesting blend of horror, driving, and RPG elements. The meat of the game consists of driving a car through different cities to collect items needed for a ritual, repair your vehicle, get fuel, and heal youself, as well as upgrading your car.The hard part consists of navigating through the road hazards. There are other cars in the road, trash, pedestrians, trains, as well as the ocasional problematic weather.But this is a horror game, and being chased by demons adds another dimension to driving: you can get jumpscared by a spirit crossing the road, in the back seat, a horrendous flashback or even ghostly vehicles. The game definitely got me a few times because I was focused too much on the driving!On the downside, I feel that there should be checkpoints between cities; most crashes kill you instantly, so you have to restart most of the game.Also, pixelated graphics might not be for everyone.I'd recommend this to gamers who enjoy driving games and horror games, looking for a unique experience in a retro-style setting.Here's my first playthrough of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQqkZG4JSdo"
76561197993304116,Recommended,448580,24204240,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tj.mortimer,"Book. Bell. Candle. How hard can it be?""Dead End Road"" is a mix between an old-school text adventure, a super scaler driving game, and a horror movie. The different parts mesh together really quite well, with a creepy atmosphere and some decent jump scares.The only frustration is its penchant for instant permadeath which, with the amount of oncoming traffic and wrong turns you can take, happens a bit too often."
,Recommended,448580,24204173,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DZimmy,"I would say 2,99€ is rather a good price for a heart attack."
,Recommended,448580,26289846,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Treble Clefy,Satan talked to me through my radio while I drove through bleeding flesh and avoided cows and trash cans being thrown at me.Really fun for the price!
,Recommended,448580,28833896,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zergeant,"Summary: Good game, contains a few annoying flaws though. Final Score: 4 / 5This game is one of a kind in the horror genre and does gameplay and strategy well, it is definitely worth a try for someone who is interested. Important note is that there are no checkpoints, if you die you start off from point A again.However it is not without it's flaws. Some of the most prominent flaws are the following:Car repair: The most important one, since you either fully repair your car or you don't repair it at all. If you're short by £2 you will just have to deal with whatever damage you have on it instead of being able to repair it partially. This is a quite serious flaw and I hope the developer fixes it.Obstacle barrage even if stopped: If you are stopping to investigate something or picking up a hitchhiker, the game will still throw whatever it has at you. One of my most unfair moments was when I tried picking up a hitchhiker when closing in on the last town since I needed that extra money. Trying to park the car close enough to the hitchhiker while having control of the car wrestled away from you didn't make for a pleasant experience, only for the game to throw a car on the same lane (P.S. NPC cars doesn't stop for you and one nudge from them is a game over).Cost and money: You start out with £100. You can gain some by picking up hitchhikers and I assume you can find some in Dark Alleys or at Rest Stops. So far I've only found Petrol in Dark alleys and continously grazed my knees at Rest Stops.Anyways, you will find it quickly depleting, as most money will go to the supposed items you are asked to bring to the old lady. The items themselves don't cost very much but medicine and food to reduce stress does. There is also upgrades for your car but you might as well ignore those, every run is too short to mind the upgrades since they cost so much. The cost is not the problem per se, but you cannot acquire enough money to make up for it.Speed upgrade is not useful since you will still need to go slow enough to spot obstacles ahead of time.Damage Reduction upgrade costs too much to be useful since it doesn't protect against other cars, they are still a fatal blow.Fuel Efficiency upgrade is useful if you plan on taking longer roads without gas stops. But there's enough gas stops to make it without this upgrade.Acceleration upgrade could be useful for speedruns.Almost forgot options. Headset users BEWARE, as usual by game developer standards the audio settings are set to 100% and contains a loud developer logo intro. Game does not have any settings for audio though so you will have to adjust via the volume controller."
,Recommended,448580,24364717,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hellzilla,"+Great value, low price.+Fun gamepad game.+Don't need a supercomputer to run it.+Pretty cool if you like retro games and horror.-Wish there was more of it.-Radio needs some more tunes.I'll add to the thumbs up given for Dead End Road. Just $2.99 to take a witching hour road trip where you're plagued by dark powers and horrific visions; meet many rage-inducing head-on collision drivers; have severed body parts hurled at you in the night; and get to pick up strange hitch hikers who sometimes seem to get possessed... Wow, what a bargain!Dead End Road looks like an old 16 or 32-bit game with some modern lighting and special effects. It can probably run on almost anything. The gameplay is mainly driving on the proceduraly generated roads. Sometimes it's very tricky, sometimes it's easier. Then there's a little strategy involved in where you decide to go, and when you stop in each city and choose how to best use your money to buy required items for: the big ritual at the end, any meds or supermarket junk you need to keep your stress level low, and vehicle maintainence. There are some chance aspects if you buy a lotto ticket, or visit a dark alley or rest stop.Sure, it's just a little game, and they could have done more with it. But I found myself getting a surprising amount of play time out of it. The sudden permadeaths are a little frustrating at first but I was hooked and kept trying. Eventually I could get through it easily, and the shortest route has become too easy and less entertaining with lots of replay. It would be nice if they added a variety of new visions, entities, or something to extend replay value even more. But it was totally worth more than the asking price, and I'd buy a sequel or anything else like it. Worth the trip."
,Not Recommended,448580,24983900,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The Medicine Peddler,"Dead End Road has an interesting premise, crisp retro style, and good ambience that is completely and utterly ruind by it's slippery driving controls, and needlessly sadistic level design.> There are no checkpoints. This would not be a problem whatsoever if the game was fair.> The game is not fair. Cars randomly spawn in your lane quite literally only a couple feet away, giving you zero chance to react. If you so much as brush one with a single pixel of your hitbox, you return to the very start of the game.> Controls are slipperly, and that is an understatement. Trying to drive in a straight line is impossible, as your car slides all around the road.> Half the events are scary, the other half feel so heavy handed they destroy the atmosphere the game has been trying to create.If the controls had been better, and the car spawn system gave any chance of reaction time, it would have been a fun little frightfest. But as it is now it's just plain frustrating.4/10"
,Recommended,448580,26105136,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,CXX,"Dead End Road, Interesting idea for a horror game, and a driving game. To be honest, the game could be very repetitive, and the supernatural phenomena (or illusion) were kind of repetitive, too. But with the multiple ""secret"" endings, and the main objective, which is you have to search for four specific items before you hit the dead end road, that changes your playthrough every time. With the money system, car and mental status feature, they also managed to get your concern about your next choice."
,Recommended,448580,25062044,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,very muscular and cool girl,"in this game's universe, no one knows how to drive properly. not even you"
,Recommended,448580,24788147,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,sln,"I've completed many wishes now. Pizza, more wishes, money, ♥♥♥♥♥ juice. All of them have been worth the trip. All I have to complain about are sanity effects that take the controls out of my hands. I'd like to keep driving while I'm losing my mind."
,Recommended,448580,26132171,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,WanderSSR,"Great little game for $1.99. Make a request of the evil spirits, then drive around collecting items for the ritual while the spirits do their hardest to make you crash.Atmospheric, sounds and the screens in towns remind me of alot of 90s horror games. Minimalist graphics, but it suits the game well.Only cons are that for some reason both when in towns, and when the road turns red the game starts running really slowly. Only tried the Linux version, so it may not affect Windows users."
,Recommended,448580,24437786,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,VaporwaveFanatic,"I've never seen a horror like this. The game is really good and feels like it's made with love and soul. The only minus is that it gets tiresome pretty quickly, but before this point it's so wonderful."
,Recommended,448580,24257941,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Dead End Roadis quite an interesting smallish-scale indie game.Well worth the three bucks if you are into fairly out-there roguelites that force you to figure things out on your own. Although I haven't quite finished it yet, I am certainly enjoying my time with it.Essentially, you are on a road trip to collect a number of specific items in order to complete some kind of satanic ritual.The actual gameplay involves you driving a car and making purchases at rest stops. You have money, and need to balance buying said items along with keeping your stress down so you don't go crazy. You can earn money in a few ways, too. Nothing is spoon fed to you, so you have to figure it out - which is really where its fun.The driving portion is entertaining, especially when your stress gets high and you begin to hallucinate. Even then, there are ways to help mitigate this. You'll figure it out as time goes on.Pros:+Definately a fresh roguelite that will entertain you for well more than what the price tag suggests+Graphics have a cool style to them and sounds and music match well+Controller support (although you still need a keyboard in the begining)+Its just fun to figure everything out - what seems like an overly simplistic game in the begining actually ends up having a decent amount of complexity for three bucksCons:-Your replay vaue will vary; yes there are like 8 alternate endings or so, but I'll probably stop after I finish it once-It is definately an indie game, so there are rough edges for sureDefinatley an interesting talk-piece for those that love that indie game flavor.Totally worth it at full price, if this looks like your jam."
,Recommended,448580,24195373,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Voghelm,"This game is freaking fantastic for it's price.Not only it's quite challenging (well, more like ""RNG can ♥♥♥♥ you up"" thing), it also has a pretty decent atmosphere and quite a bit of feautures, which you must figure out on your own. And that only  adds up to the atmosphere. The game may get a bit repetitve over some time, even frustrating at some points, but the price/quality/fun ratio in here is just surreal.Not to mention it has 8 (EIGHT!) secret endings which I'm yet to discover. If you're into some fun driving/horror expirience - get this game."
76561197998451638,Recommended,448580,24228022,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Luke,Worth £2. Driving in poor conditions between trading nodes before reaching the finish line. Atmospheric but I dont know how much replay value it will have. Seems to be a stress / hallucination mechanic. Hoping there are more updates to come. Nice little procedurally generated game.
,Recommended,448580,29307778,Posted: 16 January,all,Ásgeir,Unique concept executed with great style. Worth at least 3 dollars if you have any interest in horror.
76561198015468267,Recommended,448580,24202252,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,shotsy2222,"Was a little worried about buying this, but it's actually pretty good.Don't go into this looking for super scares though. I didn't find it scary at all really.It's more about being scared of what could possibly appear after certain moments occur as you drive = cheap deaths.This is a permadeath game, so no checkpoints or saves which kinda sucks but I understand why it's done that way.It is an amazing idea to look at the controls before you play because some parts need for you to toggle lights, and if you don't; you dead.This will also help you to toggle your map so you can find your way to the actual destination.If only I had saw the controls...... ahhhh the horror.For the price which is about $4 AU; it ain't bad at all."
,Recommended,448580,24247823,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Samination,Neat little game. Love the weirdness and old PS1-ish graphics.
,Not Recommended,448580,24544106,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Alex (N-CA-US),"Not scary, not fun, not worth it. One amoung a thousand indie games with an semi-interesting, semi-original concept that just doesn't pull the rest of the game with it.You drive a car from town to town trying to collect 3 items with your meager amount of cash. The car driving segments are nauseating faux-3d roads with randomly generated obstacles. Every so often your screen will flash and something 'spooky' will pop up. In addition, there are gas stations on some roads that you can stop at and fill up with gas. You can control your speed, break, and slide to the left and the right. Hitting obstacles damages your car or outright kills you (in the case of a head on collision). On death you go back to the start, minus the tediously slow interactive opening cutscene. While driving slowly most obstacles are trivially easy to avoid, but you get to the next town much slower. The intent is obvious, players have to balance their fear (""the slower I drive the more spooky stuff I see"") with their time investment, given that a death can set you back upwards of 10 minutes). The problem is that it isn't even close to scary, and the driving is so boring and unfun that I drove fast simply to spend less time doing the driving segments.A town is just a series of menus with some background images offering different places to go (pharmacy, antique shop, mechanic, etc). Some places will only sell things relating to the 'quest', the 3 items you are instructed to acquire at the beginning of the game. Others will sell sanity healing items, or allow you to upgrade your car, repair it or fill up with gas (not free). These menus navigate extremely slowly (each menu plays a low tone for a good while before it moves on to a submenu). Fortunately you don't have to experience much of these menus, as you will probably find 2 of the 3 items by the first town, and be completely out of money shortly thereafter.Assuming you don't get got by boredom induced carelessness, you'll eventually make it to the end of the game. At this point I'm really not sure what was suppose to happen. I collected all 3 items, along with an obvious supplimentary item, only to be told my items were pitiful and to be attacked by a spooky ghost.I would like to outright state that there are definitively parts of this game that I missed, I just believe that it isn't worth my time, or anyone's time to explore them. I 'completed' the game on the shortest path between the start and the end, not visiting most town, which I assumed were exactly identical to all the other exactly identical towns I visited. My rational while playing was that other routes were there for gas management (not all roads have a gas station) or if you couldn't find a necessary item and needed to search. In addition, there were several spots along the road which appeared to be pull-outs, by the time I could see these I had usually past them but there might actually be something there. In addition, the extremely small amount of cash you get, combined with the expensive cost of upgrades, fuel, drugs, and repairs, somewhat implies that there is a way to get more money throughout the game, aside from the low expected payout scratch-it cards in the supermarket.Ultimately, don't spend your money or time on this game to satisfy your curiousity. It's not worth it."
,Recommended,448580,26211254,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Elder Deku,"Easily worth the three bucks. Once you've seen all of the different scares (none of them jumpscares) you become a bit apathetic to them, but the prodecurally generated elements will keep you coming back. If you get to the point where the game turns into just an atmospheric driving sim, it's a great companion for your favorite horror themed podcast.Biggest gripe I have [SPOILERS] is sometimes when you are waiting for the train the pass, a randomly generated car will pass through the train and hit you while you're parked, ending the game. This could use a fix, if possible."
76561198034979373,Recommended,448580,24716075,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bacon Abomination,"Dead End Road is what you get when you merge Silent Hill with Crazy Taxi. It's an unrelenting trek into the English countryside (I think) and you will, at points, feel terror, mild annoyment &  slivers of joy as you allow the nameless horror that you allowed in your backseat to hitch a ride with you as you keep muttering to yourself ""Oy Guv let me turn on the radio for you then, keep this ride a bit smoother than it was, yeah"".The Devil in this game is the most apathetic sort of bully. At times he will throw trucks with meat in your path, entire stacks of boxes neatly placed and even whole cows, but he can hardly, if ever, directly hurt you. He can send people in your way & make things more difficult, but there are only so many things he can do aside from mutter at you angrily over the radio like a less-than-sober Night DJ.Gameplay: The core gameplay of Dead End Road is Driving, as if this were not obvious. And the game makes it mildly challenging, not in the overall handling, because sharp turns will mess you up. Your car is pretty basic. It's like a Generico Sedan that has only so much life and tolerance, so treat it with love and care and you'll arrive sooner rather than later. Pay attention to the road most importantly, the miles are irrelevant. Space and time are but an arbitrary measurement on your trip to the English Country Hellscape.Aside from the driving portions there are really only 3 other things to do: Going into towns to resupply, enduring the psychoreactive ghost phenomenon that the Devil seems to like laying out & Roadside Attractions. By that last part I mean Hitchhikers who give you cash & rest stops for adventuring. That's it, and frankly that's all I needed at first.Graphics: Like I said, it's like Crazy Taxi meets Silent Hill with a great sense of design. The game looks retro, and sometimes it will mess with your eyes, but it definitely goes for the Old Horror Game on CTV look. It accomplishes this goal quite nicely. Think Power Drill Massacre.Sound design: Slightly repetitive, but all things are after a while. The game still throws new stuff at you depending on where you go but you can only hear ""one of us"" over the radio so many times before you call the Devil's bluff and call him a ♥♥♥♥♥. Overall satisfactory and ambient, you will feel like a driver on these dangerous & supernaturally hostile roads.Story: You are performing a sacred and dark ritual. The Old Woman at the beginning of the game is trying to tell you ""No, you really don't want to do this"" but you, being a brash & impulsive young person desperately needs their ONE WISH fulfilled. So what was that Wish? Well mine was for Love. As there is no more nobler a goal than to brave the Devil himself for love. I tried asking for Safety but that didn't work.Scare Types: This game features primarily 3 kinds of scares to be offered, some scares might be seen as more annoying than anything else depending on who you are. These scares are Jumpscares (like at the beginning of the game where it's just loud and noisy), Atmospheric scares (like when the radio starts flipping out and the landscape starts going crazy and noneuclidian♥♥♥♥♥♥starts going on) and then there is what I call ""Quirk Scares"". Quirk scares are the things like when you get a fake Blue Screen of Death. Several different kinds at that.My least favorite (because of how much effort it causes me to correct) is the one where the car starts to have electrical issues up and down because of THE DEVIL AND HIS POWER OVER ELECTRONICS. This is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I recommend you pull over or stop if you can afford to, and just ride it out.WARNINGS & TIPS: When dealing with certain Types of scares, here's a handy word of experience;The first tip is the easiest: Always drive in the center. Cars can't be in both lanes but at worst you can hit some boxes or unfortunately a shadow person.If you get the passenger saying ""turn off the light""; just do it. Otherwise it's game over.If you get the skull in the backseat with the glowing red eyes, wait until the last second then flip on the lights. It seems to do it just fine.If Death appears before you, I like to flip on the wipers and acknowledge he's nothing more than a robed annoyance.PLAY STYLES: It's important that you understand that the most important thing you NEED to GET is the BELL, The BOOK & The CANDLE. All other things fail in comparison or point if you don't have them. Once you remember this, then you can measure and mess with your style.The game will constantly change on you. Cars will drive fast, cars will drive slow, pigeons will attack your car at rest stops, as will trash cans. White trucks will deposit body parts directly into your path and lay (I think) hubcaps all over the road to damage your car.So if you worry about damage most of all, get the bullbar. It's stable, cheap and basically the first upgrade I think you should get.If you want to go fast & get there quick, purchase the Super Charger (but I highly discourage this). You will fly around people easier than before but at the cost of what feels like fuel and increased stress.The best combination, if you can afford it, is to get all but the Super Charger as it will allow you the best handling and control while reducing your overall costs. And overall reduced costs on gas means you can afford to purchase other things. Like Stress Removers.If you want to go SLOW AND EASY: Get behind a car, doesn't matter what kind, and tailgate them all the way to the next town. The game cannot spawn a car to cause an accident if you are safely biting the chrome off of your neighbors bumper and they will take all the damage for things like flying trashcans, severed heads & birds. This method however, is incredibly tedious and boring.The Pharmacy & Stress. Now I haven't been able to buy anything at the pharmacy because I'm always ♥♥♥♥ing broke despite being the best Nocturnal Cabby Driver this Side of South Hope, but NEVER, under any circumstance settle for the Chocolate and Soda at the Supermarket. It does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥and frankly for 5 bucks you can get the Cab Drivers delight; cigarettes.Stress does seem to play a role in determining what exactly will drive you mad and at what points. So do make an effort to reduce it.LAST AND MOST IMPORTANT TIP: The final level, when you make it to the very road in question, the items you pick up will determine how much time you have and you will basically have to perform a Big version of the puzzle at the beginning of the game. I got 30 seconds and died like a ♥♥♥♥♥, bound to hell for all eternity.Now for my closing thoughts and score:Dead End Drive is a game I have always wanted. I have always wanted to be a frightened and driving in the late night, fearful of the Devil and expecting death at any turn. Naw JK ♥♥♥♥ that noise.But this is a game I Have always wanted. And this game is quality. I would honestly love a longer, bigger sequel with more options like a multi-stage vagrant that may be a frightened woman, or actually having to ram a monster off the side of the road to keep yourself alive. Maybe an actual in-game boss battle where you have to dodge obstacles and stay alive. I loved the experience and I enjoyed the atmosphere when it wasn't trying to force me to be frightened. I want to see a Sequel & I want to see more content like this game.My biggest caveat with the game is that it too heavily relies upon jumpscares. Jumpscares are the horror equivalent to comedy of slapping a pie in someone's face. It requires little effort but comes at a big pay off, and I understand that in this modern gaming climate they are the norm, but I feel the developer of this game could do a lot better if given more time and if they broaden their options a touch.Low 8 out of 10: Worth Every Penny Plus"
,Recommended,448580,24241479,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ChronosTC,Spooky Driving Simulator 2016Now complete with being able to make a request of the demonic forces for hentai
76561197976274298,Recommended,448580,24210364,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,HibbyMog1875,Surprisingly good fun. Still to finish the game but great atmosphere and excellent value for money.
76561197999511997,Recommended,448580,24194879,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CountZio,"A pretty fun game about escaping some terrible demon you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off while crusing for smokes at night. It's better at using jump scares/loud noises/sudden images/whatever you wanna call that stuff than pretty much any other indie game that used the word ""horror"" in any part of their sales pitch this year.It's also $3."
,Recommended,448580,24239577,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MAriskaDeville,"https://youtu.be/9uIFPb1oFa0Don't let the graphics put you off. This is a solid roguelike horror/driving sim, with a cool concept and an original game mechanic.Great atmosphere, smooth controls and well worth the low cost."
76561198021837454,Recommended,448580,26595236,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"Do you enjoy a roadtrip on the tranquil UK countryside free of all stress and worry? Do you like to take in the gorgeous countryside scenery and listen to easy listening, heartwarming music? Would you like to end such a trip at a nice bed and breakfast? I bet afterwhich you'd like a nice drive back home through the beautiful countryside again, yes? Under nice purple pre-dawn sky and fluffy orange morning clouds?TOO BAD! YOU'RE CURSED BY DEMONS! YOU'RE FLYING DOWN THE HIGHWAY IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT WHILE DEMONS TEAR AT YOUR MIND WHILE YOU CLUTCH THE STEERING WHEEL FOR DEAR LIFE AND TRY NOT TO HIT OTHER PASSING CARS OR PEDESTRIANS! THERE'S A GHOST IN YOUR BACKSEAT WHO WILL MAKE YOU CRASH IF YOU DON'T TURN YOUR INSIDE LIGHTS OFF AND ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU'RE DRIVING THROUGH SATAN'S ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FILLED WITH SCREAMING GHOST FACES! YOU'RE GOING TO NEED SO MANY QUALUDES, DIAZAPAN, SMOKES AND SODA JUST SO YOU DON'T GO COMPLETELY MAD! THESE ARE THE FINAL HOURS OF YOUR BLEAK AND PITIFUL EXISTANCE IF YOU DO NOT MAKE IT BY DAYBREAK! THE DAWN IS YOUR ENEMY! THE DAWN IS YOUR ENEMY! THE DAWN IS YOUR ENEMY! THE DAWN IS YOUR ENEMY!---Okay, serious review timeThis game is pretty cool, though I don't play it as often as I should. It's a randomly generated driving horror game. I've personally don't think I've seen anything like it (and if I did, I forgot it) It's attempts to recreate a PS1-era game have succeeded, resulting in a terrifying, surreal experience. Horrors await you all along the road, and all you can hope for is that you maintain your car and sanity long enough to get the book, bell, and candle the witch needs to break your curse.The scares in this game are actually quite effective. So far, I have accidentally run over a pedestrian while hallucinating, seen a stranger in my backseat who caused me to crash my vehicle, had a severed head land on the hood of my car, and drove through a tunnel of flesh.Along the way there are shops to upgrade your car, items to restore your sanity, and a chance to replenish some of your depleted cash through scratch tickets or checking out a dark alley. If you do the second one, something bad COULD happen.The game does have a permadeath system, encouraging you to take your playthroughs seriously.The only problem I can see with this game is no save feature. Got to get up early tomorrow? TOO BAD! DID WE FORGET TO MENTION THE DEMONS!? BREAK THE CURSE! DRIVE! DRIVE! DRIVE! DRIVE! DRIVE!"
,Recommended,448580,26681355,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,謬,"Very nice altho simple horror game.The retro aesthetics are very well done, it gets to feels like a game from early 00s without much effort. I expected it to be more about jumpscares than anything else after the intro, but I was wrong. Well, partly wrong. I has ""jumpscares"" indeed but they are very justifiable since you spend most of your time in the game driving in the middle of the night.Easily worth it's full price."
,Recommended,448580,26935957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Running Joke,"A very cheap and simple game with a fun concept.  Outrun an evil that is hunting you down by driving cross a state making pit stops to only manage your stress, car and buy items needed to banish the haunting force.It is not a complicated game and has roguelike elements to it so it might not appeal to everyone.  The PS1 era attempt at graphics give the dark drive a unique look which helps it a great deal.Also, it is dirt cheap.  Give it a shot."
,Recommended,448580,27493415,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doppelganger,"i made a deal with the devil and that deal was no more student debt. Now i have to drive through the backwater roads of what ever god forsaken state ( Probally Maine/New hampshire ) to find candles,books and bells for a angry old lady.Just beware that people in this state dont know how to drive or lock the doors on the back of a semi."
76561198121781585,Recommended,448580,26439630,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ThatAnonymousGuy,"So imagine this: you're driving in your car, being persued by dark beings dwindling your sanity through 4th wall breaking scares, while contending with Dead End Road's stressful game mechanics. You're all but money-less, your fuel is starting to get low, your car is about to break down, and yet, you're only a stop away from your destination. You're determined. You're hopeful. If you're cautious enough, you can make it. You know that. You can do this.You then watch a ♥♥♥♥ing bird fly into your windshield, causing your car to break down. Your car is kaput because a bird flew into it.Problem is, you could hardly see the thing coming because of the smoke coming from under the hood of your car, damaged from everything you've hit, but that ain't your fault, because some maniac has been going around, leaving all this miscellaneous♥♥♥♥♥♥out in the middle of the road, which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥avoiding because you want to stay in the middle of the road, since there's these ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s driving down the wrong lanes, but when you avoid them, you've now gotta avoid people and roadkill that suddenly, randomly show up 5 feet in front of your face, like the bird that finally destroys your car - the car that could've been repaired at a mechanic during your stop at one of the in-game towns, except you didn't have the money for it, because you blew it on fuel, which you could've gotten at the gas station right after your stop - the stop in which you bought car fuel from a local mechanic, had you known the game would've procedurally generated a gas station right after your stop.Oh, and seriously, who's leaving all these trashcans and boxes out in the middle of the road? What sane person does that? It has to be the demons. It's too diabolical a ploy not to be the work of evil. I'm in a tunnel, and I run into a barrel placed right dab in the middle. I've never hated trashcans more. The boxes are bad, don't get me wrong, but they're stacked and somewhat easier to make out and thus, avoid. Not those god forsaken trashcans. They're small. They're uneasy to detect. They suck. The trashcans in Dead End Road are the worst trash cans in any form of entertainment, period.Anyways, all in all, game's infuriating at times, but I love the atmosphere and concept, so I give it a solid recommendation."
76561198030137352,Recommended,448580,28195362,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,adamwhybray,"Missed a trick by not including scotch eggs or Scunthorpe, but otherwise the dreary service stations, sallow faces and depressed cows at the side of the road mark this out as England. I was excited to be playing a driving sim in which you get to drive on the left hand side of the road... but I soon find a old beat up ford careening at me and I die in flames. I love the low-fi scuzzy aesthetic to the game. It reminds me of being on the internet as a kid in the eraly 2000s and trolling online for abandonware only to get up with some unclassifiably weird game like 'Sexy Droids' that you can't imagine could ever have been sold in a box in a store and probably wasn't. As a driving sim it's basic, kind of playing out like an arcade game. It reminded me a bit in its portrayal of a cruel and manevolent universe of 'Paper Boy 2'. There was even similarly a rogue baby escaped in its pram. Though in 'Dead End Road' you can't save it and be written up as a hero in the next day's papers. There are no heroics here. Only the static of the radio and pocketful of losing scratch cards. Edifying."
,Recommended,448580,26473395,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Chef Excellence,"One of the more creative ideas I've seen for an indie jumpscare game. I wish the voices were a little more clear, since they can be kinda hard to understand. A steal at $3."
,Recommended,448580,24326650,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Adder,"It's a clever little game, mixing roguelike elements with old school c64 driving games."
,Recommended,448580,24245823,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mike Hawk,10/10 would get meat thrown at my car again.
,Not Recommended,448580,32768069,Posted: 25 June,all,NeonAbomination,"Note: I have not beaten the game, and have not played particularly much, but this is the sort of game where you can pretty much see everything it has to offer in the first 6 minutes.Dead End Road is a visually and aurally neat game. Both the graphics and sound design are quite good, and are enjoyable to look at and listen to. However, the gameplay itself is pretty garbage.The game is kind of similar to FTL in terms of how you navigate. Your mission is to collect a Bell, a Book, and a Candle. Simple enough. All you do is drive from town to town (different nodes on the map), and you cannot actually turn around once you start driving to a particular area, the game doesn't let you. You spend the journey avoiding obstacles (including cars speeding towards you which result in a one hit kill and make you restart the entire game again), and stopping at shops (just a menu screen) to buy drugs that reduce stress (the game never actually explains what this does but I assume it makes less crazy stuff happen on the screen), buy food, and buy car upgrades/fuel, or random stuff, and occasionally explore an alley.Unfortunately, whether or not the game is actually beatable seems to be largely a matter of luck. The stops you make randomize what is available, and it's likely to get a few stops in a row without a mechanics to refuel your car, which you NEED to actually win. Not only that, but if you try to do the smart thing and buy the book, bell, and candle, and still save some money for fuel, well, then you'd better hope that you have enough money to fill the tank completely, because otherwise, the game doesn't let you buy ANY fuel. What? You have $35, but you need $36 to refill the tank? And the next 3 stops probably don't have gas refills? Tough s**t! Start again!This wouldn't be nearly as much of a problem if there was some reliable way to earn money, but there isn't. It's all based on luck. Explore an alley? Might get robbed, or find $50! Who knows! Buy a scratch ticket? Hey, you failed again! 4 times in a row! Man, I sure hope you weren't trying to get just 2 extra dollars to actually pay for some more gas, because that would really suck, huh?As many people here have mentioned, cars driving headfirst into you at a fast speed is also an issue that makes the game kind of annoying, especially during a longer run. It just feels cheap and unfair.It's also not particularly scary at all. If the idea of a distorted voice saying ""I will eat your soul"" and ""You are out of gods reach here"" frighten you, and 10 screaming ghost faces coming out of literally f**king nowhere to yell at you in the middle of driving make you p**s your pants, then prepare to be crazily spooked!It's not good."
,Recommended,448580,28292685,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Amelia Vulpes,"Very fun horror-driving-simulator with a wonderful atmosphere and a nostalgic retro feel, reiminescient of the early era of 3D games.Set in what appears to be a semi-rural England, if you're a British Islander, you probably know the type of setting, dark unlit roads, dour-faced locals and the slow and almost oppressive realisation that these people probably aren't even aware what decade it is, you travel from town to town searching for specific items, which likely sounds far less interesting than it actually is, without spoiling much, between each town and village, you tend to come across certain events that change frequency depending on certain parameters, all of which is rather neatly and plainly explained through the game-world.All in all, it's a surprsingly depthful game, complete with atmosphere, a sense of urgency and many other factors a lot of big budget horror games tend to ignore.And it costs less than a TESCO Lunch Deal, so I mean.Come on.EDIT: As a side note, if anyone was curious as to the song playing on the car radio, I believe it's Harry von Tilzer's ""All Alone"" performed by Ada Jones and Billy Murray."
76561198041422339,Recommended,448580,26349007,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,OscarOfAstora,"My usual plan is to get off work, open a few beers and play some games...ON THAT NOTE!Don't drink and drive.I did what any man about to die would do and spent my starting money on scratchers tickets... I left the first town with a fully upgraded car, all of my ritual items, aswell as about 40 bucks. I almost imediatly floored it and around a turn I crashed into a bus. I've yet to recreate that start... 10/10"
76561198033553127,Recommended,448580,24539064,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SHADÃO DA MASSA,"All you need to know is what makes the core of the game to understand how great it isBasically, you need to drive from town to town at night, anything can happen, from hitting a pothole and a bird to a stranger getting in your backseat while you stop for fuel.You need to take care of your car, yourself while also having to buy items the game requires you (on a tight budget).The game doesn't resort to cheap jumpscares or flashy effects to create horror, it just overwhelms you and makes you tense, not having ideia what could happen next and being in a tight situation.Also, i wouldn't reccomend seeing gameplays of the game, it kills the surprise.And another thing, usually you can't expect much from these cheap indie games but this one has quite some depth to it, it has 8 different endings and many ways to get to your objective.If you want a true indie horror game, not just a game that throws jumpscares on you to make cheap terror(*COUGH*FNAF*COUGH*) or you just want to know what is it like to drive at night being tormented by the devil buy this gameIf you don't, buy it anyway, it's dirt cheap"
,Recommended,448580,26187956,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Zeon Leon,"Great game, fun, cheap and still kinda scary!"
,Recommended,448580,24365610,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Smashfan64,"For a cheap horror experience, it definitely works. The atmosphere is perfect, and the main goal is pretty original and interesting. Mixing Rogue like elements with aa driving sim was a smart move too, as it causes you to reconsider your resources at every stop.That said. once you find a basic pattern in how you should handle your resources, the horror element kind of takes a step back. This is because the scares revolve around your stress level. Now, you can't really do anything about your stress level until you get to towns, but when you drive, and drive safely, your stress level becomes pretty easy to manage. This is kind of sad because the horror elements are really great. I could feel myself get hotter and tense up at certain scares and images. I wish there was a way to make the horror a little more prevalent. Perhaps make some scares that will pop up regardless of stress? I don't really know, there just has to be a way to balance it somehow.All in all I would reccomend this game, and I will be replaying it, but I can't say it's the best in the world.  7.5/10."
,Recommended,448580,24412891,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Serious George,"Full disclosure: I was one of the beta testers for this game.I adore it for recreating the feel of a night drive in it's own way, even if through a maze or horrors. It is also a truly unique thing, and it managed to shock me quite a few times (though I'm fairly jaded when it comes to horror media). Come to think of it, just for kicks I'll give it points for not being yet another Slender ripoff or some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like Five Nights at Freddy's.It's also a bargain. You have no excuse, really."
,Recommended,448580,24434925,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sir Brodacious,"Here’s the short version: I would definitely recommend this game for people looking for an interesting, challenging, and cheap horror game.If you’d rather not read a long review, or would like to see gameplay, I did a let’s play of it:https://youtu.be/jTxtYANW1EAOtherwise, here is the full review. Warning, there are minor spoilers.The basic premise of this game is that you are trying to complete a satanic ritual by collecting several items and then journeying to the titular Dead End Road. As you do so, you are assaulted by many nightmarish creatures, as well as sudden and dangerous events, such as a random train crossing appearing in the middle of the road.Now the question is whether this premise is well executed. Overall, I feel the it is, however there are concerns. For instance, the game is very vague about your goals. You are told to collect a select few items, however, it isn’t until the end that you realize that there are more specific requirements for the quality of the items than initially stated. You are also left in the dark as to how to deal with some of the dangerous events. This can result in cheap deaths, and as a result can lead to very aggravating failed attempts. Thankfully, the game is short, meaning the loss in progress isn’t too bad. The game relies a lot on vagueness to extend the game’s overall playtime, however, this isn’t a problem if you enjoy that sense of discovery. There aren’t too many cheap ways to die, and because you can control how fast you travel, you are ultimately in control of the difficulty of reaction based events.Overall, the game is surprising good for such a simple concept, and is generally well executed. For only $2.99 I got over an hour of playtime, which I’d consider a good deal, considering a Starbucks coffee can cost that much. If you enjoyed similar games, like Five Nights at Freddie’s, you will most likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,448580,24484695,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"Another little pixelated arcady indie game. And it's a fine addition to the genre.Similar to games like March of the Living and Oregaon Trail, your objective is to traverse a map going from point to point. Between these points is real time driving full of all kinds of hazards and off the wall bizarro♥♥♥♥♥♥that will make you look at the screen with your head on an angle.At the beginning of your journey, some creepy old lady will ask you to collect three objects to complete a ritual. You obtain these objects by purchasing them from late night vendors at each stop point on the map. Each stop also presents the potential oppurtunity to explore a dark alley with a random event or visit a mechanic to check your cars status, repair or ugprade and refuel. There are gas stations on some of the roads that you can stop at in real time to refuel. I've only gone through one playthrough as of this writing, so there are most likely events I have yet to see.Money is obtained through random events, buying scratch off tickets in the middle of the night or picking up hitch hikers that will spot you some cash IF you make it to your next destination.The car controls are surprisiingly in depth. You can operate wipers, your horn, turn on the dome light to check out the map (or getter a better view of the rear view mirror to keep an eye on that creepy hitch hiker you just picked up) and turn on the radio, which broadcasts all sorts of unsettling sounds and tunes peppered with white noise.Visually, the store screenshots are what you get. The audio is done well and keeps the tone dark and mysterious. Remember those 8-bit sounds from back in the day? Yeah, it's all here and is done extremely well. I find that this type of old school game audio fits the horror genre very well, espectially when blended with more modern sound design.A great little pick up and play horror pixel game and a nice distraction from big games. If you enjoy breaking away from main stream gaming from time to time with little arcade games and are a pixel junky, the asking price is worth a look.I say give it a shot. I've payed more for a crappy cup of coffee that I threw in the garbage. So if the game doesn't hit the spot, you're not losing much anyway."
,Recommended,448580,24526236,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,miguel_feliciano,"The things that frighten us the most are what we do not understand or comprehend. Dead End Road is a horror game and there is a monster, but the real terror lies in trying to make sense of what is happening around you.Gameplay wise it's kind of a first person Oregon Trail. You have direct control of your car, while driving you need to be mindful of any obstacles in your path. There are town stops on the way to the final destination where you can manage your personal stress levels, your fuel and car's damage, buy upgrades for the car, and go to a pawn shop to buy the things you need before you reach the end. This is important, write what is needed down and what type you bought, as the town stops are handled similarly to Oregon Trail: Shops and items are randomly generated so you may end up screwing yourself if you haven't managed your funds or if you're missing an item before the end.I fully recommend this; it's atmospheric, disturbing, stressful and also has its share of jump scares. Just the right amount of each element for an excellent horror game."
,Recommended,448580,24182016,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Leviathon,">Follow the road, easy>Spiked men appears>redfaces appears>head falls on my car>paniqued>drive right in front of a bus>Game Over10/10 this is some really solid game mechanics and will surely spook you"
76561198081216707,Recommended,448580,26683839,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rawrfunkel ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Just an average monday night.
,Recommended,448580,27163595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dogmod,Really neat little horror. Especially for it's price.
76561198047769441,Recommended,448580,27556413,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,anabell,"love this, very creepy"
76561197971166663,Not Recommended,448580,24770037,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Berserk,I got this game going off others posative reviews as  i do that a lot when it comes to indy horror games this time it was a mistake. You need to drive around and pick up three mission items for this old lady you get a map and a crapy yugo to drive around in to collect these items. You start off with £100 witch is needed for fuel to fix your car and buy the mission items in question. And going to a couple of towns then refueling and fixing car takes 90% of you cash i was low health and hit a GHOST that litraly killed the car and gave me game over must have been those ectoplasm filled balls that broke the engine
,Recommended,448580,24778674,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,riotsquad,"The steering's a bit hard to get used to, well, rather the steering due to only seing a very short distance so hills/slopes and turns and especially a hill/slope/hill while turning feels very strange.One minor problem I had with the game was that I did find myself staring rather thn looking which did give a bit of eye fatigue.But I enjoyed it a lot, haven't played a whole lot yet and crashed both times but I had a bunch of laughs. :)"
92347573458784588,Not Recommended,448580,29030657,Posted: 5 January,all,[ARA] Infinity,"Wholesomely un-rewarding, overly-punishing and unfair gameplay leave much to be desired.Unrelenting Grievances#1. Utterly Zero point to 90% of the in-game items:Don't worry, it's true. You must adhere to a meta my dear boy, for this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttingly difficult for no reason. Don't get overhwhelmed by the vast options at the towns because they don't matter. Futhermore Mental Health, Bought Fuel, Scratch Tickets, Soda and Medicine are all beginners traps to waste your money and ♥♥♥♥ you fast, and you can't deviate from this meta because of issue #2.#2. No Checkpoint System:This game can be a bit of investment in time if you plan on making it to the end. Theres just one problem, if you happen to die  (and you will die many times) its back to the start with you. This wouldn't be a problem if the game wasn't full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that you cannot defend yourself from, compliments of #3. And Trust me, Dying ALL THE TIME, amplifies all others problems of the game 100 fold. If it weren't for this one I might have been able to forgive everything else.#3. Mitigate Damage? Kept up fuel? Got your items? LMAO CARS XD:In this games Cars = Instant Death. Head-beams of other cars are only visible if YOU HAVE YOUR LIGHTS. The god damn things are everywhere and move at you at 90mph and usually can't be avoided at corners which you must pass by, and since they're spawn is based on your FOV which is next to none on sharp turns and bends, they routinely kill you without warning or avoidability. Here's some other highlights tho:a) Waiting for a train to pass and a car PHASES THROUGH THE TRAIN AND KILLS ME INSTANTLYb) been killed in a cut scene by a CAR passing through me while i was frozenc) been killed while locked in a cut scene picking up a hitchhiker (virtually a mandatory game mechanic since you absolutely need money...and this one happens ALOT)d) smashed by a car instantly on my spawn at the start of the game#4. The Game Finds Other ways to kill you which you cannot avoid:Pull in for gas, get locked in animation. While in anitmation, get pelted with trashcans and 4 owls which drop your car health to nothing and kills your run (either literally) or financially (even worse since its now just a huge waste of time). Alternatively, streets spammed with Cars and Trashcans meaning the blessed devs have given you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s two wonderful choices; either die or take damage.Dead End Road(TM) fair and balanced.#5 The Artificial Difficulty and Constant Death with no Checkpoint kill whatever good atmosphere was there,if any was there in the first place:This ones somewhat self explanatory. You see if you die so much that fear has turned into enragement & frustration you never EVER recover from that in the atmosphere. The game ceases to be about fear and more about a challenge. Problem is the challenge has no reward worth it and the spooks are gone on your 15th attempt and your 2nd hour.This game is proof that God has judged us and wants us to suffer.Pro'sI got it for a dollar ayyyyyyyyyyyy lmao"
,Not Recommended,448580,24522553,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,The HiddenCarry,Bad game
,Recommended,448580,26694413,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Τίτος Αλεπού,Sex
,Not Recommended,448580,24216233,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bacon Boots,"Total drivel. All you do is drive, and occasionally a bin mught hit your car."
,Not Recommended,448580,28629351,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sex Oreo,boner
76561197997678124,Recommended,448580,25170449,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,fragkitten,"This is more of a sideways thumb from me. I would recommend getting this on sale. Luckily October is just a couple months away and these titles usually get heavily discounted during that time.It's a neat little game and it's fun for a few minutes, but the lack of save or any kind of checkpoint can be very frustrating."
,Recommended,448580,24703929,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Wild Potato Industries,"So, if you know me (which you most likely don't), you know I love horror games. But the ones I love the most are PS1 horror games. So when I heard about this semi-niche revival of PS1 horror games of yester-year, I was totally excited. I played this game after playing the somewhat dissapointing PS1 styled horror game also out on Steam now, ""Back in 1995"" which, while not bad, it was kind of a dissapointment after all the hype (fingers crossed for Banned Memories).Dead End Road is a strange cross between Ps1 surreal horror games like HellNight and Silent Hill, drving games, and rouge-likes. While I am not a big fan of rouge-likes, the randomly generated levels and scares, plus the one life system work really well here. There is also a surprsing amount of depth when it comes to the gameplay as well, which makes replaying the game fun, even after beating it and getting one of the multiple endings... or even after dying a bunch of times.Overall, I really enjoyed Dead End Road, and you should check it out if you like PS1 horror games. It's dirt cheap after all!"
,Recommended,448580,24781895,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SkullChips: The Movie,"Drive fast and die like a weenie!Ok so I've been wanting a horror game that doesn't act super serious and rely on state of the art graphics to push its agenda. Dead End Road fits the hole for now. Plus it's cheap. Worth the 3 bucks.Story: Eh / 10You perform a SPOOKY ritual involving 33 meat balls.... Good job♥♥♥♥♥ Now go drive your♥♥♥♥♥♥cadillac and gather some materials if you can even drive.The story isn't what you're here for. You're here for the gameplay, the ambiance of the world you're forced to watch pass you by.Graphics: They make the atmosphere of the game / 10So think Doom. Not the AAA game that came out. Doom 1. Flat sprites mixed in with 3D elements. Great blend if you know what you're doing. This game fits that bill. You're in a car and you're driving. The road and some people may seem sprite like, but there are other objects around you that are 3D and fit just the same. Go watch the trailer and that's mostly it GOOD DAY.Gameplay: GOTTA GO SANIC / 10I SWEAR IF YOU DON'T BUY THE TURBO MY NEXT DARK WISH IS GOING TO BE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥ON A PLATTER!It plays just fine. It's responsive, doesn't lag. It works ok? Driving fits in with a I'M SCARED I GOTTA DRIVE feeling. Like being paranoid. So paranoind you stop by a town to get some cigarettes and then hang out in a dark alley where your car gets beaten by an angsty 13 year old. It's kinda neat.Point of all my review rambling: ""3 bucks is worth it / 11"" - SpinalTap"
,Recommended,448580,24791404,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Delifresh,"Not as replayable as it seems, but is fairly worth your time. Then again, is only $2.99, so is worth its price. Has a few fun ""secret"" endings if you enter certain requests (hint: try ""world peace"") and the gameplay is cool but quickly becomes monotonous if you play too much. Bears the dreaded insignia of ""conserve items/money"" that no game since Dead Space has gotten fully right (no, not even RE4.)Short: Reccomended for a bit of play. Slightly challenging, a bit unforgiving. Only $2.99, might as well, right?"
,Recommended,448580,24896698,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,quicksilver,You drive your own yugo and you are being spooked. 10/10
76561197982077562,Recommended,448580,25438210,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,spottyfawn,"This is a pretty entertaining little game. I enjoy the look and dark tone, the fact that it allowed me to enter the word ""DOLLS"", the way the driving portions are broken up with unsettling visits to different towns, and of course the many scares I've gotten. I do find the time spent in the shop/mechanic/etc. screens a bit irritating , they seem to take a long time to pop up. This is a minor complaint though.The variety of scares is great. Nothing too bad for you easily spooked. :) You never know what to expect!I do wish there was a save feature though.All in all a very fun spooky driving simulator! Great artwork, nice VHS feel, definitely worth it. Works well with my Xbox controller which is always appreciated. Thank you dev for a fun game!"
,Recommended,448580,26130306,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,『DEUS VULT』 神はそれを望む,"The world doesn't feel threatening.There's no real tension built for scares.Anything can happen anytime, so you don't fear the anything.Overall the game isn't even that scary.Cool graphics tho. Reminds me of old Resident Evils and PS1 Clock Tower games.I just wish we'd get someday VR supporting horror driving game.Ps. What's with the system requirements? This game should run smoothly even on laptops ._."
76561198193594177,Recommended,448580,33296943,Posted: 5 July,all,Lemon,"The idea of ""drive to survive ""really fits in with a game like this .The game was introduced to me by a good friend of mine .I love how theres a stress mechanic in game where you need to buy things from stores if you want to reduce stress"
,Recommended,448580,33470887,Posted: 11 July,all,Dem0nGam3r,Fun and addictive little game with very effective visuals and atmosphere. Listen to Eurobeat while playing for best experience.
,Recommended,448580,29525736,Posted: 27 January,all,Grumbutt,"Lo-fi driving-horror in which you're on a high speed chase from the devil himself. Grungy visuals and random scares create a genuinely unnerving atmosphere, and the drive to reach the game's ending and the promise of safety make it fiendishly addictive. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,448580,31105698,Posted: 12 April,all,Swissinator_Override,I am recommending this game bc I bought it for like 80 cents and played it for 1.5hours and there are more expensive ways to spend your net one and a half hours...
76561198063835538,Recommended,448580,34785074,Posted: 6 September,all,Portaloid,"I think this game should be renamed ""George Michael Simulator."""
76561198056627494,Recommended,448580,35080532,Posted: 20 September,all,jonnikaj,"Pitch-perfect mini horror experience with many great touches, at a great price. Very tense and creepy.  Get it!"
