user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198158309410,Recommended,449250,23786072,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"Classic story told in a different way. I absolutely adore this game. There are no choices within the plot (which bothered me slightly at first). Gameplay is based on raising statistics, that you're trading to unlock events with the character you wish to know better. At the same time, I wouldn't call it a stat raising game - it's not challenging, it just feels a bit like there were need for some sort of game mechanic to be there, so they went with that. Which means - it won't make you rage quit, for sure ;). Story is beautiful, heart-warming and well written. All characters are different and likeable. Music and art are just gorgeous. Absolutely worth the price and a must have for every visual novel fan out there."
,Recommended,449250,23095483,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Wakeswood Growl,Closer to the source material than most adaptions.Fans of yuri and classical literature alike can't go wrong with this purchase.
76561198303753026,Recommended,449250,23125782,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ribbonquest,"If you know the story of Sara Crewe, you know most of what's going to happen. The visual novel aspect is about developing relationships with the secondary characters. You develop stats based on what you choose to do with your free time and trigger scenes with the other girls if your stats meet certain requirements. There isn't enough time to get through everyone's scenes but I've gotten through three girls' scenes in a single playthrough. In Act II you have to pick one girl to have scenes with but if you save at the beginning of Act II you can avoid repeating Act I for everyone.As any shoujo-ai fan will tell you, ""Lily"" being in the title means there's gonna be some girl-love. It's very mild. Some cuddling and only one girl actually pushes past ""romantic friendship"" into ""schoolgirl lesbian"" territory.I think this game is suitable for any little girls who can read well enough. But be prepared to discuss death, poverty, classism, and romance between girls as necessary.Because everyone seems to ask: No, there is no death ending."
,Recommended,449250,24305985,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ceaseless Duality,"I absolutely loved this romance sim. It was very delightful and interesting.There are 4 romance routes, and 2 friendship routes. It involves stat raising, but it is not tedious or annoying.It takes place during the Victorian era in London, England. That is a vague time frame considering Queen Victoria ruled for 63 years. However, since the book this visual novel is based on was published in 1905, I would assume the story took place late in her reign before she died in 1901.The young protagonist arrives at a boarding school for girls after living in India her whole life; do remember that The British Empire ruled over India for a long time. She is a tad out of place in her school for having grown up in India, and for also being half-French; The English and French are long-time rivals, after all. Although, elitist English aristocrats would have prejudice against anyone who wasn't completely English anyway.The protagonist leads a comfortable, pampered life since her father is quite wealthy ... until things take a very tragic turn for her. However, through her formed bond with one of the 6 characters with a story route, she can survive.Among the characters the protagonist can form romantic bonds with include: Lavinia (a snobby aristocrat student), Jessie (a student who desires to be beautiful), Ermegarde (a plump student with low self-esteem), and Becky (an ill-treated scullery servant).Among the characters the protagonist can form friendship bonds with include: Mariette (the protagonist's personal French maid) and Lottie (an 8-year-old student).What I really enjoyed about this visual novel, besides the various cultural aspects one can learn about, was the important messages it projects. It tells the audience that women/girls can make a life for themselves, with or without men. It tells the audience that a person shouldn't stay with an abusive person whether they're capable of doing good things or not. It informs the audience about how women were treated like property in that time and the very few opportunities they had to escape that fate. Above all, it teaches the audience that classism and elitism are horrendous and cruel.I think Becky is canon, and I liked her route best.I recommend this VN to anyone who enjoys stories with culture, history, strong friendships, and lovely romances."
76561198164254095,Recommended,449250,33153181,Posted: 2 July,all,ShadetoShade,"This is a game that focuses more on telling a story than on particular dialogue choices but damn if it isn't a good story (and one that makes me curious about the material its based on, in fact)!  The characters are wonderful and have their own motivations, even some of the crueler ones,In short, this game knows how to tug on your heartstrings and leave you a blubbering mess, whether out of joy or sadness and I couldn't recommend it more."
76561198035756561,Recommended,449250,28194655,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,amcjkelly,"This game is great, in my opinion the best of the Hanako games.   Long live the queen was just crazy hard (which was kind of the point) and this is easy in comparison.   The story is based on the book the little princess set in Victorian era in London, England.  If you enjoyed the book, the 1995 movie ""A Little Princess"" or the BBC production they did back in the 80s (yes, I am old) you will enjoy this.   Black closet is fun... but a bit tedious to get all the routes, I think this game gets everything right... the artwork and story are amazing and you won't bore yourself tyring to see all the routes you are interested in.Seriously, unless you don't like reading, history, or culture you should try this one."
,Recommended,449250,23208077,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Oracle,"Finished the last route in ""A Little Lily Princess,"" which is another amazing game from Hanako Games (under the name Hanabira).As per usual with games from Hanako, you play a young girl, in this case Sara Crewe, who performs activities every week to increase a number of skills (such as Sympathy or Grace). With these skill increases, you unlock different routes and scenes for each of the six potential girls that you can romance (which is where ""A Little Lily Princess"" differs from Hanako's acclaimed ""Long Live the Queen"").You will, through these interactions (as well as the weekly slice, as I call it), learn about these characters. You have the fire-haired Jessie, a ballerina with an eye for curiosity; Lavinia, the haughty model student at Miss Minchin's Seminary; Lottie, the little girl who knows how to throw a tantrum; Ermengarde, the soft country girl who makes up her lack of wit with her heart of gold; Marriette, Sara's personal maid from France; and Becky, the poor, downtrodden scullery maid.If you recognise a few of these names, then perhaps you have read the book that this VN is based from: ""A Little Princess,"" written by Frances Hodgson Burnett in 1905. If you have read it, then this will be a lovely treat, but if you haven't, do not seek this book out if you do not wish to be spoiled. You have been warned.Going back to the game, I cannot recommend it enough. You may ask me a favourite route, and I will simply chuckle and say ""All of them!"" Each one of these girls has their own story, their own motivations, their own wants and desires and fears, and truly I felt ever the better to experience their lives, if only for a moment."
76561198059801646,Recommended,449250,30636445,Posted: 20 March,all,Anabanana,"A very adorable little story! The art is very polished and cute, and the main character is simply lovable! The girls are all very colourful (in more ways than one), and are depicted with a convincing depth and realism that you might not expect from something that looks so fluffy. Definitely get this game if you like well-written stories about relationships between well-realized female characters."
76561198275156214,Recommended,449250,31834199,Posted: 18 May,all,Pink-and-Blue,"For those of you who are looking for LGBT representation and are hestitant about buying this game:Buy this game.It's adorable, faithful to the novel without sacrificing originality, and overwhelmingly heartwarming."
,Recommended,449250,33982553,Posted: 2 August,all,Tog loves #gharbad,"This game moved me. This game is art. Through a combination of player choice, music, art, and writing this game moved me. I want to go replay this game right now. If you are looking for a game where you don't hate the protaganist and characters are not one dimensional and you aren't looking for waifu's but ride or die chicks then this is your game friend."
76561198047609043,Recommended,449250,25664823,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Loli Princess,"You play the game.Piece of cake.Everyone is happy, everything is fine.You're a Princess in all of her glory.Life slaps you back.Now you don't have anything.You rage, you cry, you curse. The little princess in the game never loses hope.You wish for Death to come and take the lives of the ones who mistreat your princess.You wish for revenge and pain inflicted upon them,The little princess just wishes to live on, always hoping.You see the light, the final turn of events.Life is bright again.People reunites once again, all is well.You cry. Not a single drop of blood was spilled.11/10 I couldn't sleep"
,Recommended,449250,23461912,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Vio1337,"This is such a good Visual Novel. I teared up, several times.This doesn't give you a decision option for text as most VAs, this is heavily text story based. You can just (fairly easily) raise stats and choose who you can talk to depending on what stats you have. I haven't found it tricky or time sensitive in pursuing who you'd like. It just offers more coversation and character development with each ""event"".This game is mainly about the story, and with a charming protagonist, it was a very pleasant experience.My first play through was befriending Ermengarde, Becky, and then following through with Mariette's ending. (Honestly I can't imagine a more satisfying ending.) Though, no doubt, I'm going to do all routes."
76561198086543965,Recommended,449250,23323769,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,otaku1688,"This is a very well written visual novel game with (light) yuri theme set in the Victorian Era.  All the principal characters are portrayed in depth, with realistic personalities and motivations of their own.  I also found the protagonist, Sara Crewe, a highly sympathetic character.  The overall story is based on an older literary work which I have not read, but I feel that the presentation in this game is excellent.  The sprites and CGs are AWESOME as well.I love this game, I enjoyed all the endings, and I highly recommended it to anyone interested in soft yuri VNs, or someone who enjoys literature or stories with Victorian background.There is one very minor personal gripe, which does not distract much from my enjoyment of the game but I thought I would point it out here.  I feel that the life simulator portion of the game does not add much value at all to the gaming experience here, and feels more like a waste of time for me, but it is just my personal opinion of course.All in all though, I LOVE this game and I think it is worth every penny!"
76561198052681804,Recommended,449250,29446029,Posted: 23 January,all,TarHek,"'A Little Lily Princess' is based on the book 'A Little Princess' from Frances Hodgson Burnett and, while the game does take some freedom in rewriting parts of the story (mostly in form of yuri elements), it stays very close to the original.The game is quite short but incredibly well written, so well, that, as someone who has read the book, I have to say that this game might be even better than the book it's based on, even if the game alters some parts of the original story. In addition, the graphics are more than just nicely drawn. Someone has spent quite some to making this game and you can feel it.All in all, this is definitely a game worth your money and time."
76561198007698602,Recommended,449250,31465578,Posted: 30 April,all,Person012345,"Cute VN about aristocrats. There isn't really anything in the way of dialogue choices, the gameplay basically consists of choosing which route you want to go down by rolling dice to get stats so you can go down a route. That said, if you go in primarily for the story it shouldn't dissapoint and has a very heartwarming story and a cute cast of characters."
,Recommended,449250,29129372,Posted: 8 January,all,Definitely Not A Clod,"I recently finished all of the routes in the game, and I definitely recommend playing it. While I've played some mobile otome games before, this is the first visual novel that I've played. (Unless we count Long Live The Queen, which you should also check out.)-I really enjoyed the artwork and CG.-I liked being able to easily skip through scenes I've already done, making it easy to access events with other girls.-I'm fond of the writing within the game. I feel that it suits the time period and the novel that it's based on.-Even the more maternal routes (Mariette and Lottie) are enjoyable and I do like the relationships b/w the characters. I do wish that Mariette was less standoffish in the second act, because I felt I got to spend less time with her compared to the other routes.-I feel  very... mixed about Lavinia. I played her route second to last. So, being subjected to her cruelty in all the other routes made it kind of hard for me to set that aside. I mean, she's also kind of cruel in her own route, in a ""why don't you love me"" sorta way. Thanks to the writing, I still managed to enjoy the route.-Becky and Ermengarde are my favorite and absolute dolls.-Jessie has the best CG though."
,Recommended,449250,24246128,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mutato,"A Little Lily Princess is a wonderful visual novel in which you influence your path through each partner option through studying, dancing, walking etc. for a chance at gaining icons which you can then spend to play events with other characters.I greatly enjoyed this method of choosing a route when compared to choosing options directly. The challenge of colleting the right amount and type of icons before an event expired added a bit more challenge in balancing multiple routes through Act 1.  I completed all routes in about 7 hours of playtime and I feel that this amount of enjoyment justifies the game's price. At no point did going over the same content feel tedious due to the useful skip function.The English boarding school setting provided an interesting plot which showcased each characters best and worst traits well. Each female companion's events felt well-rounded and sufficiently fleshed out to make each route enjoyable. There were both romance and friendship routes provided. The overarching storyline beyond Sara's relationships was touching and believable enough to truly make you feel strong positive and negative emotions. The storyline was well paced and not at all tedious or rushed.The character design and CG artwork was above par and the unlockable scene art is wonderful. The game also features chibi artwork throughout the story which was quite adorable. The final bonus artwork added wonderfully to an existing plot line. The audio in this visual novel is good.Overall, I strongly recommend this game to all visual novel lovers who enjoy shoujo ai."
,Recommended,449250,25523552,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,amy,"Adorable, beautifully written, and nothing that isn't age-appropriate for the young girls in the story (8 to 12-14ish.) There are no racy CGs or plotlines, just themes about friendship, hope, and young love. The main character is charming and interesting, and the girls she can get to know all have their own personalities and problems. There aren't a lot of choices to make other than picking your route and raising your stats enough to see events on the weekend, but it's well worth the read. Tip: Save your game early and reload from that file for each new game, then you can skip any text that's the same in the next playthrough."
,Recommended,449250,31020667,Posted: 8 April,all,MajesticBiscuit,"This is a beautiful story. It is funny, heartbreaking, happy, and sad.Pros:- Great cast of characters- Beautiful story- More plot twists than an M Night Shyamalan movie.*Edit* - And beautiful soundtrack too. The BGM only adds to the emotion of the scenes. It is wonderful.Cons:- The Game wasn't longer.Rating: 9.90/10I played about 8+ hours in the game, I pulled an all nighter so I could finish it. I did not want to stop, I HAD to see it through. I only did one ending, I am going to try to get them all.You will not be disappointed.And I will admit, I cried manly tears."
,Recommended,449250,23099485,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,baumm,"I'm not a huge fan of yuri but in this case I don't mind.  I loved ""A Little Princess"" when I was a kid and I still love the story today!  This is a very good adaptation to the story and the character designs are absolutly georgeous.  I'm on the Jessie route right now and i'm really enjoying it and can't wait to check out the other routes when i'm finished with Jessie."
,Recommended,449250,25045596,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Djinnayra,"I usually don't sob like a little girl while playing video games, but I'm totally okay with this game making me do that."
,Recommended,449250,23091041,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,cruelties,"This is a cute visual novel game that is based upon A Little Princess. It mixes stat raising with several 'routes' which allow for various endings. It's a good read, and a nice addition to the VN category."
76561198028692985,Recommended,449250,23153912,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,HopeFox,"The writing is beautiful, and the artwork is lovely too. The main storyline is written in such a way as to make Sara highly sympathetic but not sickeningly angelic. The individual storylines are very well-written and provide some fascinating insights into the characters.My only criticism is that there aren't very many decisions to be made, unlike the other Hanako game I've played, Long Live The Queen. But that would be a consequence of following the plot of A Little Princess. I like games with more decision-making, and the activity planning seemed a little pointless in this game.That's about all, though. Emotionally, this game was very satisfying, and I don't mind admitting how often I cried while playing it. I heartily recommend it to anyone who enjoys moving, emotional narratives."
,Recommended,449250,23159567,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,sevenfoothamster,"This was a rather unique experience for me. I've played visual novels before, and I had a cursory knowledge of the source material going in.In short, this is a visual novel retelling of the story ""A Little Princess."" It takes a few liberties with the source material such as Miss Minchin's sister being completely absent, and they created one character wholecloth.Being a visual novel, there's really not much that you can expect from the game. The interface is clean, the mechanics are explained well enough, though the RNG element can make it frustrating if you're shooting for a specific ending. Jessie's route, for example, requires a high number of high count skills, while characters like Mariette and Becky tend to have lower costs. It also completely goes out the window in the second have of the game, where you can completely cheese the system.How you feel about this game's plot will depend greatly on how you feel about the source material. If you don't like Victorian era novels with social commentary that inflict misfortunate on characters that don't deserve it, you probably won't like it.I won't go into TOO much detail on the plot, but suffice to say the game takes a turn at the halfway point, and the mechanics do so as well.That said I actually like it a bit BETTER than the source material. The characters are much more fleshed out and less one-dimensional, especially Lavinia and Jessie, who in the novel were ""a rich bully and her hanger-on."" Lavinia becomes a much more complicated character, and Jessie actually GETS a character.About the only disappointment is that some of the stories needed a bit more time to develop. Jessie and Mariette's work out fine, but Lavinia probably could have used a few extra scenes since she undergoes the most drastic change.Also there's a lack of a ""golden ending,"" you have to pick ONE path to the end, and it's more of a sidestory. The game ends the same way the book does, though Sara may get one more additional companion if she chooses someone other than Mariette or Becky (they go with her no matter what).And, uh, that brings me to the last point. The sorta elephant in the room: I haven't finished ALL the routes, only half, but 2/3 of those are effectively lesbian love stories. Naturally I'd imagine the total number of lesbians would be 4 out of the 6, as Mariette's too old and Lottie's too young, but I've been wrong before. Safe to say, though, Jessie's definitely a lesbian in this version, and Lavinia's probably Sara-sexual. Though given Sara's personality, it could just be them attracted to HER specifically.Because...maybe it's just because my experience with the source material is primarily the film adaptations (where the dad is kept alive. Spoiler alert for a 110 year old book: He really IS dead in the novel) and maybe it's the perspective and choice given to you, the player...but Sara feels a little stronger here.Anyway, in short, I recommend this VN. It's the type of thing I'd like to see more of: retellings of classic stories that give the player more control over events. It would certainly help mitigate possible plotholes."
76561198082434629,Recommended,449250,29693834,Posted: 4 February,all,Inioch,"This game is a 10/10, made me happy inside every time i finished a rout. I highly recomend picking it up, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,449250,23090299,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,~DevlinSyo~,"I personally think that 'A Little Lily Princess' is well worth the money, it offers cute and appealing character design, a unique main, and it tells stories though a nice glass. I honestly recommend buying this if your a fan of games like 'Long Live the Queen' I honestly love this game. Each charater has such a special feeling I can't help but fall in love with the art style and music while playing. I do reccomend buying the game. It tells stories well, the art is amazing, and the music score is truly lovely."
76561198017813557,Recommended,449250,23993066,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shadow Phantom,"A cute adaptation of a story written in the 1900s. This is the third adation of ""A Little Princess"" that I've experienced. The other two being movies. The one with Shirley Temple and the one from 1995 where Becky was a changed into a black girl.The romantic friendships have been beefed up a notch to the point where some of the paths could be considered light yuri. However I saw nothing sexual in this at all.I play games like this to remind myself of the little child inside me that still amazingly exists.Its sweet, heartwarming and lovely. I liked all of the routes with Ermengarde being my favorite.Its a bit of a stat builder and you can't make any choices besides which route you're going to choose.Anyway I liked it and I'm looking forward to move from this dev. They make cute girly games."
76561198006543538,Recommended,449250,23115858,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TJK,"An adorable story, been awhile since I read something that was so cute. Yuri fans will love it even if only 3 of the routes really have much of it in it with the others being much more platonic in nature. Well worth the price and I having finished it have zero regrets about my purchase.Note, don't come into this expecting anything explicit in nature, this is very much a yuri story in the innocent vein."
,Not Recommended,449250,24553284,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,đ£∂ϯħ,"As a person who both watched the anime ""A Little Princess Sara"" and the movie ""A Little Princess which are both adaptations of the original novel, I rank these 3 adatations from best to worst:1. The 1985 anime ""A Little Princess Sara""This is just perfect in every way and does everything way better even though it is the very first attempt to adapt the novel, the amazing soundtracks, the great characters, the voice acting, everything just makes it feel so alive and make you feel attached to not only Sara Crewe but all of the characters, imo a must watch for everyone who want to experience an amazing and emotional story, this will not dissapoint you at all.2. The 1995 movie ""A Little Princess""Due to it being only less than 2 hours and the anime being 46 episodes (approx. 14 hours long) it leaves out a lot of important converations and iterations between characters that I find really important to enjoy the story and feel attached to almost every character, also being it a disney movie it does not take the story as serious as the anime did.3. This VN ""A Little Lily Princess""I really was excited about this when I first heard that it was in development, I had high hopes, I bought the game and gave it a chance but to be completely honest this could not be any worse, yes the character and enviornment art is decent, but everything else is just bad, the stat system idea is cool and all but I find it useless and a waste of time, and there are no choices for you to make other than choosing the characters you want to interact with.If you want to experience the amazing story of this novel, do yourself a favor and watch the anime ""A Little Princess Sara"" which is available on youtube, you will LOVE it."
76561198066145440,Recommended,449250,24305858,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rainbow Douche,"I've been looking for a fun little game to play, and this one fit the bill. It has a 'Long Live the Queen' sort of vibe so I highly recommend this if you enjoyed that game."
76561198034710163,Recommended,449250,30969207,Posted: 5 April,all,TwelveLemons,"This has to be one of the most adorable visual novels I've ever played.The dialogue is charming, and stays true to the voice of the original author. The romances are all different, but equally sweet, and the checklist of achievements is incredibly charming. The art is adorable, and overall the game is lovely. It can get a bit repetitive, but the skip feature makes replaying the game to get all six endings easily doable.In summary, you should play this game if you want a sweet, innocent visual novel about an already lovely book, with just a touch of gay added to it."
76561198254208574,Recommended,449250,23108680,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jilli Sama,"I overall enjoy this game very much. So I shall give a review for all people pondering to buy this game.(Note: I have not yet finished the game so I cannot give a full review as of now.)Art and AppearenceThe art style is a mix of Victorian and Anime/Manga. I completely enjoy the art style and find it as a relaxing overlook to the more serious moments in game. The appearence of the game is calming. My only problem with it is the backrounds are a bit too whimsical for my taste. (Again, this is my personal prefrence. So, if you enjoy it I can understand. I just think it dosen't fit the tone of the game.)Music and SoundsThe music is nice piano music that I like. (If you don't like classical you won't like this music.) Along with other orchestral music. It fits the Victorian scene, if you ask me. I personaly like it. (After playing for a while it does get a bit overused.)CharactersSome are quite bland but, most are interesting and you can connect with them. My personal favorite is Lottie. (SHE'S CUTE... OKAY. I LIKE CUTE THINGS...) But, in all seriousness I realy like the characters and I think the studio did a good job.StoryIF YOU READ THE LITTLE PRINCESS AND LIKED IT YOU WILL LOVE THIS. LIKE SERIOUSLY. LOVE IT.The story is an adapted version of The Little Princess. I think (so far) it's been preaty close to the real book. (Without copying of course) I like the story. (Mostly because I liked The Little Princess.)Overall Rating8/10 Would reccomend and I suggest if you like reading you'll love this."
76561198390812848,Recommended,449250,33941220,Posted: 31 July,all,igoteatenbybears,"This is a very cute, sweet, uplifting little game. I'll probably space out the playthroughs, as a lot of it is the same from one path to the next, but still very fun."
,Recommended,449250,34587691,Posted: 29 August,all,Kuroisuzume,"It's not a perfect VN, but it's very good and is my second favorite that I've played. There's something profoundly charming about the setting that the VN provides, with a sweetness and innocence that many do not capture. The writing is very good, except for a couple lapses in logic that might leave you scratching your head. But overall, it does a great job of drawing you in and making you care, able to move you on a number of emotional levels, from childlike joy and wonderful friendship to crushing heartbreak and even rage. There is a lot of common text that at some point you may feel the need to simply skip through, but even after doing that I found I had spent quite a lot of time clearing the whole thing. The art is fantastic all around, even though there is not a large amount of CGs. One of the best things the game does is the music. Often times it's good, and sometimes it's great, but there is one particular track (I'm sure you'd know it if you heard it) that will have me tracking down  its sheet music so that I can try to replicate it. It's so wonderful, and captured for me the essence of the protagonist Sara at her best: joyful and free and always believing in Magic. It is the The Magic that makes life so wonderful, and surely it must have brought me this VN as well. I wholeheartedly recommend it so that hopefully others may experience it as well. Even better if it happens to be on sale."
76561198024596813,Recommended,449250,29708175,Posted: 4 February,all,t_snashnil,"Just completed first time with Becky ending - that story was so cute!Loved the story and characters. Played the entire game in one sitting, took 7-8 hours to read through, and lots of replay value with 5 other characters.  Easily worth the £11 price tag.Oh, and Sara's magical girl party costume was awesome headnod to Japanese VNs, even it would have been completely out of place in the 19th century."
,Recommended,449250,35379911,Posted: 1 October,all,plk Lesiak,"I don't often give such praise, but A Little Lily Princess is one of the most unique, compelling visual novels out there - not only artistically impressive but also delivering a beautiful, touching story that will stay with you for a long time. It uses simple ""dating sim"" mechanics (resource management), but describing it us such or calling it a ""yuri"" game would be rather misleading. While there is some romance involved, it’s very mild and tactful and some routes are rather about friendship than love. And above all, it focuses on the main character and her life and hardships.What make this VN especially unique is the setting – it’s a loose adaptation of an English novelA Little Princessand the story is deeply connected to the context of Victorian-era London. The writing and art-style do a very good job of creating appropriate climate and representing the strict social divisions of XIX century’s England, which are crucial to the story. Unlike many western VNs, that copy the formula of Japanese ones to the point of setting the story in Japan, this one is has a strong identity that makes it stand out from the crowd.The storytelling itself is a bit slow and often painfully sad and cruel, but the climate and characters make it captivating most of the time. Especially the protagonist, Sara, is a wonderful character that it’s hard not to fall in love with. Some might find her a bit too flawless, but she’s definitely not a Mary Sue, having a lot of interesting traits and reacting in believable ways to the misfortunes that fall upon her. The rest of the cast is also rather interesting and they all show significant amount of depth in their respective routes. Every one of them have a different relationship with the main character and most of the time it’s very interesting to see how their relations develop and change through the plot twists that the main storyline offers. I would describe only three of the character routes as explicitly “romantic”, but all of them had impact and a lot of charm (even with all the sad/unsettling elements in most of them).The art and music are very good, with sprites, backgrounds and CGs being both nice to look at and characteristic. CGs are not that numerous for a game that can take around 15 hours for full playthrough, but their quality make the experience very pleasing to the eye.Maybe the weakest part of the game is the resource management mechanic, which is very much dependent on RNG and doesn’t by itself add any real challenge to the game, unless you strategize to unlock multiple routes in the first chapter. Also the choice of “events”, that means choosing with what characters you’ll interact, is the only thing influencing the story – there are no dialogue choices per se. The UI can be a bit confusing at first, but the whole gameplay, while extremely limited, is at least very thematic and adds to the mood of the game.In summary, while its not without some faults and limitation, I think A Little Lily Princess is a great and exceptional game - a true must-buy for any VN fan.The yuri romantic themes are a bonus, but the game doesn’t rely on them that much and can prove a great experience even if you’re not a fan of the genre. Even at full price it’s a good value proposition and when on sale it’s hard for me to not recommend it not just to fans of visual novels, but anyone who’s interesting in reading a touching, memorable story."
,Recommended,449250,25243881,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,plz no,"A Little Lily Princess is a yuri reimagining of A Little Princess. I've actually never read the story, but I know what it's about. It plays almost exactly like how the story goes so if you know the story, you'll know how this game will play out.I tend to not be a fan of dating sims type games because of the stat raising. This game balances it well and it wasn't too much of a chore. You can easily get through the characters before the 2nd half (where you can choose which route to go for). I had the... pleasure... of going through Jesse's route and that was... not pleasant.I got a video where I talk more about the game (+ 2 rants about Lavinia's and Jesse's route)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL2tXO2-zlU&index=1&list=PLzLtvQ6HKAv_DpfCrcDhiVxMVmFHdgDg-Takes a couple of hours to finish a route. I recommend to try to get all of them before the 2nd half starts so then you can easily go for their routes and not have to go through stat rasining again.Overall, I think it'd be a good game to buy when it's on sale. Unless you got money to spend, then go ahead. It's a great yuri about poverty and little girls. Also, Lavinia is fokin' insane."
,Recommended,449250,23109155,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rena_Star,Very adorable Visual Novel. Well worth a playthrough. All routes lead to happiness :)
,Recommended,449250,23608001,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gnome Warlock,"Proof that money is the root of all happiness.Anyway,Really heartwarming stories, loved it. If you are a yuri VN junkie like myself, then this is a must have for your library."
,Recommended,449250,23101968,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Worst Weeb NA,aaahh warm fuzzy shoujo ai feels :3
76561198272776824,Not Recommended,449250,25495441,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Peinuo,"I was really looking forward to play this, but..it's so boring. I like this kind of game and it's sad, when game which should be based on story, choices and good graphic has so few of it and nothing more to offer.1) Story is very cheap, almost nothing at first half, than at second is very predictable. Actually the most of gameplay is about main character chit chatting and gossiping (and anything seems interesting in this conversations, but that doesn't mean that conversations are short, at the opposite you have to read lots of text). Whatever you do, the end is almost the same. They will be talking and talking...2) That bring me to choices. Is this really the choice? Even if it doesn't matter on what I click? Yes, you have to collect some traits to unlock scenes whit conversations, but most of them needs very small amounts of them so you even don't have to think about it. Whatever you do, the end is almost the same and that makes you feel it doesn't matter what you do at the game.3) Yes, story isn't the strongest part, but graphic is nice. So you can at least look at pretty pictures, no? Unfortunately, there are so little changes (for example every room of other pupils looks same - for all of them there is exactly same picture looking as hotel room without any personal thing even while game says something else) ...Why is main character wearing the same dresses as always when the story says she have the new ones? Even she don't have the ones on the picture?Well...it's not bad game, but it doesn't worth it's price at all. It looks nice and if you like same sentimental stories you can enjoy it for some time. But don't expect it will keep you busy more than few hours. For me it seems like lost of money and time. Maybe it will be much more better while it will be just comics story without pretending it's something more."
76561198018419243,Recommended,449250,24468594,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Young Defective,"The Little Princess novel was one that informed a lot of my childhood, and still holds a place of honor on my bookshelf. Fanciful and burning with romantic optimism, it helped my younger self through many trials and tribulations. I always remembered little Sara telling herself to be a princess in spirit, even when her physical situation was anything but royal. Sure parts of the book are bordering on fairy tale cliches, but if anything that felt like the perception of the character, trying to believe that the ordinary could easily become extraordinary with enough will and imagination.For the price and the quality of the content, this game is incredible, and a lovely read. In particular anyone who has read (and is a fan of) the original novel will likely enjoy it more for the little details and the new light shed on the story. There's not really many ""decisions"" except which character route to follow, which will flesh out the character and develop their relationship with Sara, but considering the source material I can't say I'm all that surprised. The icon system was just enough of a fun distraction but not in the least bit challenging. I like the way the system changes halfway through to reflect Sara's new daily life.This game is the source material made even better, with extra character and embellishment. Giving human qualities and personalities to all of the girls mentioned made the message of the novel even brighter, and everything was told in a very similar style to the writing. I could easily believe some of the extra events that happen might have been construed by the original author. The art style is gorgeous, if pretty anime-esque, but it matched the feel-good tone of the game. The music too, was very fitting for the setting and various moods of the story, light and princess-like for the earlier game, with somber, heart-wrenching pieces for the latter half, and all of it very dreamy in the way a fairy tale might sound.Random aside: I felt like laughing whenever I saw Sara's ""princess"" dress, mostly because it was the most frilly and cutesy thing I have ever seen and didn't quite mesh with her character, but whatever I loved it anyways.Jessie 5ever"
,Recommended,449250,24733460,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Khoiomi,Beautiful story. Emotionally draining. 10/10Sara is the best.
76561198055323794,Recommended,449250,29125597,Posted: 8 January,all,Dunkan85,"(I played this without Internet, hence 0,8 hours)This little Visual Novel here was...one hell of a ride. And it was one I honestly wasn't expecting.When I bought this VN, it was simply because it was a Yuri-VN. God knows there aren't a whole lot of those around, so I immediately wanted to get this one. As I opened it up, I quickly knew I was gonna love it, as its artwork and writing were just stunning right off the bat. In fact, there were multiple moments throughout the story where I read a line and just paused for a second to take in what I had just read... I'm not gonna lie, the writing in this Visual Novel is absolutely stellar in my opinion.But good writing's of little importance if the story isn't interesting... so what about the story here?At the start of the story, we are introduced to Sara Crewe, daughter of a British soldier in India during the era of Victorian England. She is sent to an English school as part of her education while her father has to stay in India. Sara, as one quickly learns, is a well-behaved, clever and nice girl who loves three things more than anything else: her father, her doll and stories. Both the ones she reads in books and the ones she makes up in her mind.As the story progresses, one is introduced to a number of characters, amongst which are her head-teacher, her maid, a servant of the school and four other students. Out of those seven, six are people whose route the player can go down through picking them for the weekend-events.Speaking of 'week', this VN also features a week-management minigame, in which you choose which tasks - such as writing in her diary or reading books - Sara does over the course of the week, all of which increase certain stats of hers, like 'vigor' or 'sympathy'. Said stats are required to unlock the weekend-events for the characters of your choice.If one were to name the parts that make up this VN, they'd be 'week start VN Part' -> week-management -> 'weekend VN Part' -> 'Weekend event' -> repeat.At this point I would like to hang out a MASSIVE spoiler warning. I'm serious. Unless you REALLY want to get the entirety of the plot spoiled for you, do NOT read the things behind the spoiler-tag.As one progresses through the story, deepening their relationships with everybody, there is one person that sticks out like a sore thumb: The head-teacher of the private school Sara goes to. At first she is somewhat rude towards our heroine, trying to chastise her for not having learned French, then, after one of the letters Sara's father sent to her mentions that he's currently in the process of getting a diamond mine, the head-teacher suddenly starts treating her as her favorite student, telling others to behave like she does, having her stand first in line during outings, all that stuff... and while that would already be enough to make her unlikable as hell, this isn't even the big switch.The BIG plottwist hits roughly half-way through the game. After half a year in her new school, Sara is about to have her first birthday in England. In previous letters, Sara's father had stated that he was having a fever and also hinted that he might be coming to London for his daughter's birthday. On top of that, the head-teacher had prepared a large birthday-party for her 'favorite' student, to make her feel welcome. Then, on her birthday, Sara got dressed up in her finest clothes, got a beautiful doll as a gift and had a beautiful party with everybody from her school... and that's where the pleasant things abruptly end. That's because on the same day, Sara received the information that her father had died. It was a combination of the fever and stress from the diamond-mine-business that had led to his death. And while that information alone would already be way more than enough to destroy any day for Sara, this was nothing compared to what followed, as her head-teacher also learned of the father's death and finally revealed her true face. When it became obvious that Sara had nobody to take care of her, the head-teacher was ready to just throw her out on the street, but after being convinced that doing so would harm the school's image, she instead did the 'honorable' deed of letting her stay... as a servant, in a filthy room in the attic, giving her inhumanly amounts of work and nowhere near enough food. This sudden 180 already managed to get me from 'I like this VN. This is really well written ^-^' to 'woah, woah, woah. Wait a second, please. What in the world just happened??'... and it didn't end there.Remember the little 'week-management' thing I talked about earlier?? Ha, ha... well, it's still there. But instead of 'have a tea party' or 'tutor juniors', your choices are now along the lines of 'tend the fires' and 'clean and polish'. Instead of increasing 'vigor' or 'knowledge', these tasks now increase stats like 'pain', ' fatigue' or 'hunger'. You have no idea how hard this sudden change hit. Before, this little game was something that I did somewhat willy-nilly, picking based on what felt like decent choices... but now, it had literally become a game of life and death.The only salvation presented was the weekend event, which also still happened and which lowered some stats (which made me say 'THANK LORD' more times than you might think). For this part, you are only allowed to play events with the characters you were closest to. After a few weeks, this gets narrowed down even further to the one person whose route you will go down.From this point onwards, the 'week-management' game is pretty much a perfect summary of Sara's new life: you try your damn hardest every week just so you don't die, with only the weekends providing any sort of solace. But try as you may, the situation is gonna look grimmer and grimmer with every passing week.Very, very luckily for Sara (and me), some things were starting to get rolling outside of her home. In the house opposite to the school, an old man moved in. Said man was the friend of Sara's father and on the lookout for her. With him, he had an Indian friend that had saved his life while he was in India and his pet monkey...both of which befriended Sara from across the street (via the attic-windows & because the monkey tended to come over to her room) without either of the parties knowing who the other was. After the old man and the Indian learned how kind of a girl Sara was, they decide to help her out a little by making her room more enjoyable to be in (giving it some color, a new mattress, etc) and getting her something to eat. After they also send her a new dress, the head-teacher decides to let her take part in school-activities again (as she thought that it was some kind of relative that might be able to pay for her education). A short while afterward, Sara goes over to the two men's house (as the monkey had come over again and she did not want it to go crazy inside of the school), where all the puzzle-pieces fell into place: she learned who the old man was, the old man found out that the girl he was looking for had been much closer than he thought and Sara finally had an actual future to look forward to again.Now the only thing left on the table was the conclusion of the character-route one had chosen. And I have to say... the romantic conclusion of this VN was probably the only part that WASN'T amazingly done. It had everything it needed, don't get me wrong, but it was just concluded over the course of maybe 20 screens (not scenes, screens), which made it feel slightly rushed. But nevertheless, this VN was one hell of an amazing ride. There were more than a couple moments that could get anyone to pause for a second and made you feel for the heroine like few other works do.If you have 15€ (or whatever's your equivalent) to spare, you SERIOUSLY owe it to yourself to buy this VN and read it. I myself have only read one of the six routes so far, but this is one of those VN's that I will definitely finish multiple times."
,Recommended,449250,28933129,Posted: 2 January,all,Schulz the Ugly,"And yet another Hanako's game, filled with great writting and an always an interesting story. Aside from that it has a very interesting UI and stats system that benefits from good planning but doesn't become too tideous or saturating"
,Recommended,449250,23660341,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,"No. 1 Super Idol, Yazawa Nico","A Little Lily Princess is good, and cute, and occasionally touching, but it wasn'tgreat. It felt like most of the relationships just ended when the time came for the story to end, often just when they were getting interesting, and the age gaps made the Lottie and Mariette routes feel not particularly yuri. The Lavinia route was good, though, and I'm glad I saved it for last. It broke many of the patterns the other routes followed, since Lavinia wasn't an antagonist. Well, not quite. You can tell the devs liked her route a lot, because she got the most unique art.Kabedon!But thenthis pieceis never used, and is only available from the ""extras"" menu for some reason. Lame. Also, only one route had a kiss, which is quite disappointing in this kind of game. Other routes had romantic holding, or cuddling, or a proposal, though, so that was nice.The main complaint I have about the game is that they apparently felt the need to make it more ""gamelike."" You have to choose your tasks week-to-week to build up points to unlock events with, but the choices don't matter that much, the costs and deadlines are super forgiving, and the tasks after♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down in the second half are so dumb that I literally went with the same pattern of chores every week, a straight diagonal from upper left to lower right. It's a bunch of busy work, and I wish it just wasn't.Due tothis ad, I had the thought, ""I wonder what happens if you don't view any events? Do things still work out well for our plucky heroine?""Not so much.The game normally ends somewhere around week 45, I think. After that, it just alternates between the above screen and the ""you've maxed out your stats, skip this week's tasks"" screen. So, it's not a badend, per se, it's a bad eternity, a bad non-end. Horrific.Overall, it's a good game I don't regret purchasing, and I'd recommend it if you're in the mood for a yuri VN."
,Recommended,449250,23488978,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,like baps only real,I was very suprised when I experienced all the routes and realised in my heart and soul that lavinia is the best girl.Good vn
,Recommended,449250,28828660,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,shihoran,"I got this game on a whim and because I love inma's art (inma @deviantart.com);I was surprised by how lovely the characters were and how they turned the game mechanics around in the second half of the game; they work just the same, but the implications are almost grotesque in comparison.I found the presentation of the ""Big Plotwist"" a little lacking, because you, as reader, get to witness events that happen outside of the protagonist's view - so the tension of the story comes more from a sense of suspense(you know/can guess what will happen so you read on to see IF it really happens).Aside the tension, mainly the first part tells events in the daily live of the protagonist and her interaction with the school envirenment with her teacher and a cast of very different personalities, that range from (obvious) love interest to mother/daughter figure.The characters feel very rounded - they have good traits as much as they have bad traits. Some more obvious than the other.. Even though you might have the impression of the protagonist(now, finally namedropping), Sara Crewe, to be saccharine, she is not without bad thoughts or, at times, ill intent.About the romance in this VN ... it's not the main focus of the plot. It's very subtle, and the girls don't really do more than hugging or kissing approx. one time each, if at all. Sometimes I wonder if their relationships were necessary at all and not just inserted there to be able to call it yuri. I don't think they add to the overal plot, because the ending is the same no matter what route you chose(is this a spoiler?). So, what point is it to have the romantic options in the first place if they don't affect anything?... Then again, this vn is based on a novel, which I personally didn't read, but I feel that the quintessence of it is still in here and I may or may not look for the original, because of the moral it teaches.This visual novel has actual gameplay - an RNG based one. At the start at the week you can set up a schedule for Sara to go through in that week and watch her gain several, some, or even no ""Icons"" at all. Icons translate to how much grace, knowledge, patience, and other, she owns(kind of like different types of currency). With those she can unlock special story events with the other girls in her school that will drive the story of their relationship parallel to the mainplot.The mechanics themselves are not hard and you can abuse the quick save/load option until you get the amount you need to unlock a character event.The art itself is beautiful, of course, coming from someone who bought it because they saw inma's art on it. The backgrounds are lovely, but possibly forgettable. There are not many CGs, but the ones that are there are very beautiful and feel like a real treat. What took me a little by surprise was the good music - or at least, I do like most of the tracks, even though I can't recall it off the top of my head right now, I could see myself having it in the background while doing something else(the extras/gallery option offers to play certain tracks).TL;DR: Looks good, sounds good, nice for afternoon read with heartache at the end. Not much lily, but many little princesses. Do recommend for people with sweet tooth."
76561198030296971,Recommended,449250,23720470,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LuvYan,My favourite visual novel and that's mainly just cause of Lavinia's route10/10 would punch the teacher
76561198042456461,Recommended,449250,30532190,Posted: 15 March,all,SprinkleSoup,"This game deserves a lot more attention and praise than it has received. I have read many visual novels, but this one will always hold a special place in my heart. The beautiful artwork, simple gameplay mechanics (that don't distract from the story), and the beautiful written story are something to be experienced. It has made me seek out the original book it was based off to read it. Very endearing characters and in general a game that just oozes charm. I could also easily see this as a great read to enjoy perhaps with your younger children. A way to make a great story more engaging and discuss many topics about life that may otherwise be hard to talk about.11/10"
,Recommended,449250,23235242,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ONI,"Another masterpiece yet again.Few things to be careful of: Game starts slow for an hour or so, then it rollercoaster til finish. It also somehow is with less gameplay than the developer's previous works, but honestly it might not be a bad thing to some people.This game is amazing. Just awesome."
76561198062483455,Recommended,449250,31680347,Posted: 11 May,all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"The story is great until the last few lines of dialogue that abruptly and unsatisfyingly end the different routes. I still recommend it for everything leading up to it though, and what is there is cute - albeit brief and not satisfying.."
,Recommended,449250,23200160,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MadoKami,Based off the book and movie and does them justice. 11/10 loli in love.
,Not Recommended,449250,24425103,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,mastermack0,"Well, it's about 6/10 overall.  I enjoyed it but I didn't 100% like I usually do.  Truth is, of the 6 routes, I could only care about max 3.The gameplay is nice enough though not very deep. But it's a story driven game so that's okay. The story is good enough to warrant a playthrough. Once you reach a certain point, you can then pick 1 of 6 routes.  Save at this point so you can do whatever route you'd like.The problem is: only a few of the routes grabbed my attention. Some of the characters I just DON'T care enough about.  Also, they are wayyyyyy too similar.  Not enough difference between routes.To better explain:beginning and end of every week has a cutscene. They do not change. Ever. So regardless of route, you will see these scenes. Picking a character event is the only difference per week/playthrough. And character events aren't very interesting. Nothing really happens. And I'm pretty damn sure, without 100%, that the ends are all about the same too.But as I said, I couldn't care enough to try all routes. especially Lottie.I don't know to recommend it or not. I guess it might be worth it, ON SALE."
76561198135285859,Not Recommended,449250,30680351,Posted: 22 March,all,isawhat,"I bought this game because I love Long Live the Queen. However this one was a massive disappointment after having played Long Live the Queen. Maybe I didn't realize that this is like a choose your own adventure book and all you really do is read and press the spacebar. You choose who you want to end up with and then read the story written about how you end up together. I personally need more involvement in the result of a game. I need a chance to fail or for something bad to happen because my strategy was off. I found this mind-numbingly boring, but I really have no desire in reading a yuri choose your own adventure fanfiction based on A Little Princess. I just assumed this would have the same strategy found in Long Live the Queen and Black Closet.However, I do want to state that this is a beautiful game and ran well on my computer. If this is right up your alley then you might enjoy it. It just missed the mark for me and I want to put out a warning to anyone like me who is coming straight from Long Live the Queen and is looking for a similar game."
76561198079736844,Recommended,449250,23095831,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,gizmo,this is awesome. please make more in future
,Recommended,449250,31184976,Posted: 16 April,all,Hellanorma1,Great game! Follows the plot of the story very closely!
,Recommended,449250,33935492,Posted: 31 July,all,TheMelonQueen,"Ah, nothing like some good old fashioned gay! I 100% completed the game in 7 hours, and it was yet another great game by Hanako Games. My only problem is that there was not an ending where Sara had 4 girlfriends, her adopted child and her maid all together.  9.9/10, great game."
,Recommended,449250,23666817,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,SEA DOGE,yeyyyyyyyy becky is the best!
76561197974022723,Recommended,449250,23180409,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,;a,Amazing.
,Recommended,449250,23916775,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/icefoxemily Offline,Very cute with some amazing writing.  Completely worth a look if you enjoy visual novels.
,Recommended,449250,23113239,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,swindlepanG,"This game composed with two story. First is week story which every player must faced it , second is choice characters story that players supposed to ending with.Game not R-rate as much. (Not have 18+ scenes)"
76561198211207720,Recommended,449250,27076967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,yusrina_mimi,So Cute...
76561198003381569,Recommended,449250,23847201,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,valefor_sdad,"High quality art,  nice music, and pleasing cute girls (at a girls finishing school) to watch.Very relaxing to play.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,449250,23645537,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jambatti,"Great story. If you fond of great VN's, classic literature and a little bit yuri, this is certainly a title you shouldn't miss.10/10"
,Recommended,449250,23735980,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Autumn Sienna,"This is plausibly one of the best ""virtual novel"" games out on steam.  The gameplay is simple but spread out over the story enough that it is never boring or tedius (and if it becomes so, its easy to quicken the pace).  The story is lovely and brilliant, and all the characters are well written and interesting.  It wont be long before I go back for the other character's story lines.  There are apparently 6 different storylines to take, each with their own character, although there may be a 7th ending if you don't manage to complete one of the 6 routes by the end of the story.  There is a save/load system, and the story is split into two parts in a way that it isn't very difficult at all to go through each of the six routes, if you choose to do so.  I very much reccomend buying this game, especially if you are a young lesbian like myself."
,Recommended,449250,23819973,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Heavy Jesus,"A fantastic novel, and one of the best from Hanako Games. You play as possibly one of the sweetest and sincerely kind characters I've ever had the pleasure of reading about and playing as.The story itself is well-written, as is every character that is introduced. The story has a fantastic balance of comedy, romance, and tragedy. I found myself teary-eyed and even weeping at certain portions of the game, and I can't say many games have successfully done so.The romance is all female/female (yuri), but it is kept to a very light and cutesy level, and sexuality plays no part in any of the interactions with the characters. For this reason, anyone can enjoy this game and be moved by all that it has to offer.I cannot recommend this visual novel enough. If you need something bright and cheerful, or just simple enjoyment, this is money well-spent."
,Recommended,449250,23805196,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,geminiotakucat,"I loved this game very much, Although a few routes feel a bit forced for a happy ending, such as with Jessie and Lavinia. It was beautifully written and nicely retold my favorite childhood story. The graphis were lovely and I felt many raw emotions just as I had felt when I read the classic novel for the first time. If you love ""A Little Princess"", you will defintely love this. 11/10, please enjoy it!"
76561198179068171,Recommended,449250,24714210,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,maladicta,"I can highly recommend this game. As a fan of both A Little Princess and girl love, this game met my expectations and went beyond them."
,Recommended,449250,25809912,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Expand Dong,"A sweet VN based off a classic novel. I had a lot of fun, gameplay was light, graphics and music were beautiful, it was very well done!!!"
76561198179046755,Recommended,449250,30847239,Posted: 30 March,all,RealNihilisticNinja,"If you enjoy stories with lovable protagonists that are just so cute and sweet and heartfelt that it can give you cavities, this game is for you. I honestly think that's going to be the ""line in the sand"" as it were. Anybody expecting anything else could end up pretty disappointed, but if you go in expecting and wanting that, you're in for a treat."
76561197993048046,Recommended,449250,27777987,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Slothman,"A Little Lily Princess is one of my favorite visual novels. It's set in Victorian London, has really cute characters (I think Lavinia is the cutest, even though she can be a jerk) and has a touching story. There's nothing not to like. You only have enough time to get to know several characters in one playthrough, though, but you can always play again!"
76561198119342164,Recommended,449250,27752232,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lindley.waltersmith,"The main route is faithful to the book, but the bonus scenes enhance and build on the characters. There is light strategy, but the emphasis is on the story--nothing as difficult (or, admittedly, interesting( as Long Live the Queen or Black Closet. Pretty art, and a very nicely done visual novel with multiple endings."
,Recommended,449250,30899416,Posted: 2 April,all,DFS,"Well for about a dollar an hour, you can get this on sale and be extremely satisfied with the story.  It has it's twists and turns, moments of great emotional turmoil for both you and the character.After going through the story, it's one of the few games that perfectly describes what goes on.  It's the story of a little lily princess."
,Recommended,449250,26667902,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,dangomew,"Lovely story, well adapted from the original novel. Makes you feel warm and fuzzy. Very nice art and music and well defined characters. The only thing I didn't like was Sara's 'party dress' which reaaaally didn't fit the dress style of the game or era at all and felt jarring.Other than that one thing I loved it. More like this!"
,Recommended,449250,28710003,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SarahHughey,I was pleasantly surprised to find a game based off of a story that I had read as a child.  Their take on it is pretty great!
76561198118305870,Recommended,449250,28856665,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ShrugViper,"This, this is one of the best visual novels I've ever played. And that is coming from someone who isn't even a fan of the yuri sub-genre and I can tell you off the bat that even if you're unsure due to the type of visual novel this one is very likely to surprise you, pleasantly so.I'm going to use an A through F rating system for the different elements of this visual novel:Art: A+Story: BMusic: BCharcters: ACGs: B+Variety: BWould I reccomend this one? Highly, this is the best Hanako games had to offer so far. And I like a lot of their VNs! Worth the full price!"
,Recommended,449250,29000312,Posted: 4 January,all,eemox,Lovely game :)
76561198120887547,Recommended,449250,30177050,Posted: 25 February,all,Soniachu,"Great visual novel! Very well written story and dialogue, beautiful art, and interesting characters!"
76561198147590383,Recommended,449250,29287379,Posted: 15 January,all,MissAkito,"Such a precious game, I love it with all my heart! It made me smile multiple times, and I outright cried three times. Definitely worth the price, if you're looking for a cute game with great characters and plot that will turn your heart."
,Recommended,449250,29353160,Posted: 19 January,all,maybe malssite,"A very enjoyable story! I originally bought this for the yuri, (which is present, but not until the end) however I found myself deeply enjoying the story for everything else it has. Would strongly recommend!"
,Recommended,449250,31362367,Posted: 25 April,all,Errapel,"Did you ever read/watch 'A Little Princess' and think 'This is good, but it could use some saphic bonding'? Well the makers of this game have you covered. The game's story is basically that of 'A Little Princess', with some minor changes and a 'choose your own adventure' option to decide which of the lovely ladies your character will bond with most.The game is not particularly challenging, if you come in hoping for something more like 'Long Live the Queen' you'll probably be disappointed as it's hard to fail. But the game is delightful and charming, very gentle and straightforward.It reads like fan-fic, but the good type, written by someone who understands narrative structure and characterisation. And the artwork is quite delightful."
,Recommended,449250,34471653,Posted: 24 August,all,gamergrrrl,Lots of GREAT GIRLS and an emersive world. Great mechanics make it so much more than your average VN. But if you're looking for something more than a PG rating this isn't it.
76561198108739253,Recommended,449250,34046663,Posted: 5 August,all,Zombono,This is an amazing game ! I enjoyed everything about it.
,Recommended,449250,35378765,Posted: 1 October,all,悲しい ☹,Becky best girl.
