user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,449800,32324095,Posted: 10 June,all,Tskales,"Probably wouldn't appeal that much to people who don't follow the show, but for those that do the game captures the omni directional movement brilliantly in large open environments with a few issues in regards to camera losing focus and your characters flight path occasionally leads you straight into walls rather than over them. Other than that you move just like they do in the anime, which is awesome.Story wise it follows the events of the first season and you switch between characters at points when they become the central focus of the story. Upon completing the game you're treated to some non-canon missions including meeting a special titan from the second season.Once the main Attack Mode is complete you unlock True Attack Mode which i think better represents the titans behaviour from the anime, as they become more aggressive and harder to kill as opposed to normal Attack Mode where they are a pushover and don't provide a great deal of challenge. It's always fun to kill them, though.In terms of enemy variety, i think there's well over 100 variants of titan plus you have the titans that serve as bosses and bonus bosses which can be much more powerful versions of abnormal titans or even variants of the female and armored titans.Aside from the story mode there are survey and expedition missions which follow parameters such as extermination, escort, defend etc. Ultimately, the game is about killing titans which ever way you look at it. There is also an online game mode where you can join up with other players to perform survey and expedition missions with the difficulty level raised depending on how many you have in your team.There is also a crafting system which is essential for outfiting your characters to meet the greater challenges the game throws at you. Crafting materials are used to create and upgrade your ODM gear and blades and are given as rewards for completing missions, for fulfilling special requirements and from destroying certain body parts of titans. You're also rewarded with funds which can be used to purchase crafting materials as well.I definitely recommend this game to fans of the show, and i hope there is a follow up to this game. Perhaps, with an original story that runs parallel with or perhaps before the events of the show. Being able to create your own character would be nice as well and for the game to have dynamic events in a fully open world as opposed to just large mission areas.The price tag is pretty steep as of writing, but if you love the show you will love the game and it will be worth it.P.S. Make sure you have a control pad. It's a pretty lazy console port and trying to use the keyboard controls would be close to impossible to play this game."
76561198009051712,Recommended,449800,25274230,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Unknown,"Pros:-It's a fun game that makes you feel like a Badass Titan Slayer for the first couple of hours.-Epic Soundtrack.-Fast Combat.-Customizable Gear.-The city, the Forest and the Castle maps are the best ones so far.-Co-op.Cons:-Most titans look alike. Some look uglier and bigger than the others :p-The game is easy and I'm playing this on the Hard difficulty. (I think the titans should be more agressive towards the player in this mode).-Most Boss fights feel pretty much like a fight against a normal enemy.-Maps that don't let you use your spider webs.Funny thing is, I don't even like the anime and yet I'm enjoying this game :pHowever I think it's kinda expensive for what it currently has to offer.There's not enough content and variety that justifies this price in my opinion.I still recomend the game because it's fun to play but it's better to get it during a sale or when the price drops a little."
76561198065440874,Recommended,449800,25217389,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kira III,Got this with the money i got back from no mans sky.
,Recommended,449800,25455597,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cookie R.I.P Computer,The best Spider-man Game I've ever played
76561198134079017,Recommended,449800,32668942,Posted: 23 June,all,unknshane,Fan of the series = must buy. Get it while its still on sale!!
,Recommended,449800,25257307,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PEENOOTZ,"Mindless A.O.T fun, its even more fun when you buy it with the refund you got from No Man's Sky"
,Recommended,449800,29807248,Posted: 9 February,all,EchoSon,"Fly around fast cutting giant nudists in the neck, then become a giant nudist yourself to beat up the other giant nudists.It's everything people like about AoT!"
,Recommended,449800,25196800,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Maskorane,"This is my first review on here so plz bear with me. This game is soooooooo much fun addicting but it also has problems so ill go through th pros and consPros:1. Very addicting game, goes exactly how the anime story goes and just playing through all the events is just so much fun.2. Graphics are are so damn good. better then i thought it would be.3. ranking system. the ranking system makes this game more addicting for the fact that you have to grind ( not by much) to lvl up and unlock equipment, and moves.4. characters. each character from the game has their own special attributes that you unlock by leveling each character up. it makes you want to try out different characters to find out which one is best suited for your playing style5. story mode. the story mode is really fun just playing through the events that took place in the anime/manga6. gameplay. the gameplay is so smooth. the way everybody swings around the map so fluently and attacking titans just makes you feel like a bad a**.7. multiplayer. the multiplayer takes a step further in the game where you can join groups in a hub area and do missions with them, leveling up your character that you choose to play as.8.Titans. The titans in this game actually freak you out, making you say ""OH S***"" in soooooo many ways. and its terrifying when you get overwhelmed by plenty of titans in one spot around youCONS1. Now, as much fun as i am having on this game, it really is not worth the amount they are selling it for. 30-40 bucks would be the most satisfying amount for this game2. controller support? now look im not having any issue with controller support at all. but i noticed a lot of ppl are angry because the games controls for the xbox 360 are apperintly♥♥♥♥♥♥and some ppl are having problems getting their controllers recognized. now im using an xbox 1 controller and my controls have very good placements to enjoy the game smoothly. just a warning to everyone out there that the keyboard and mouse apparently are no where near good for this game so most likely you have to use a controller but keep in mind that a lot of ppl are somehow having trouble with their controllers on this game.3. As much as i want to enjoy online it is hard to, for the fact that the servers are trash and it will crash your game multiple times.4. No Dub. NOW before you shoot me! let me just say i preferred attack on titans on sub instead of dub on anime so i enjoy the sub on the game. but just letting you guys know there is no english dub in this game. just english subtitles. so you have to read the subtitles. like i said , i preferred it that way but i know someone out there will be mad after buying this game just to find out you have to read subtitles lol5. dont be an idiot and buy the dlc that they have out right now....My final Verdict for this game is a 7/10this game is just soooooooo addicting to me since im a fan of the series and i see myself playing this for awhile. Go buy it if the cons dont bother you too much"
,Recommended,449800,25196560,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Apple Prince,"Have you ever wanted to be Spider Man but instead of beating Dr. Otcopus you sliced up the neck of a giant naked man? If you said yes, well this is the game for you!"
76561198083023722,Not Recommended,449800,32691879,Posted: 23 June,all,ShiNoHasu,"If you own a joystick, buy this game and enjoy it to it's fullest. If you do not, I'm sorry to tell you but, do not buy this game. I gotta refund this simply because the controlls with keyboard are so damn wonkey. If they would've put in the time to make the screen rotateable with your mouse it would be a 10/10 game for me. I've seen lots of gameplay of it, I know the story and it looks pretty good. Was really looking forward to playing it but unfortunately it's unplayable with a keyboard.MY RECCOMENDATION SAYS NO, BUT THIS IS EXCLUSIVELY FOR KEYBOARD PLAYERS."
,Recommended,449800,25196282,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hiham,I've deafeated more titans than Eren has.
,Recommended,449800,32975708,Posted: 28 June,all,[TU] Blaze SkyFire,"I bought this game because of two things.1) STEAM SUMMER SALE! <32) An old review I read that said: ""Best damn spiderman game I've ever played.""Man let me tell you, #2 was so correct it hurts.If you don't skip the dialogues and videos its like you're almost watching the anime. Since the massive titans were kinda Wild-Arms-CGI already. This is a major bonus.The only con's that im having, however, are1) Subtitles.....I would (Prefer) english dub. But I've watched enough anime where its not really a problem.2) IMPORTANT:I play with an Xbox 1 Wireless controller + AdapterIf I walk away for too long the controller shuts off by default.If I alt tab out of the game I can turn it on, but the moment I switch back into AoT:WoF It shuts back off.I have confirmed this is the case by repeating this a few times, the only fix right now is to restart AoT, where if you were in the middle of a mission.....you have to start over.I actualy wrote this review because of the Xbox controller issue but I needed to start with how amazing this is. :D"
76561198080239543,Recommended,449800,25260713,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Phat Matt,Excellent use of your No Man's Sky refund.
,Recommended,449800,25177401,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mscupcakes,"This is probably the most unique game Omega-Force has done in recent years.It's not a standard musou game where you can take out 100 enemies in one swipe, you have to think tactically and go for weakpoints.Your allies will die along the way and you won't be able to save everyone.First and foremost, I recommend playing this game with a controller.The controls are intuitive and once you get the hang of it, the feeling of zipping around is extremely satisfying.This is how Spiderman games should handle web physics.Each character has unique traits and handles slightly differently.For example: Armin can control other people in your squad directly, and Levi has a special spin attack that deals extra damage.Compared to previous Musou games, the combo system itself is a bit limited; you just have to press Y at the right time, and then certain characters can follow up with a few more hits, but you can just mash it out. This is offset slightly by the fact that you have to aim for specific body parts on a titan, and angle yourself correctly to cut the nape of their neck to get a taketown.Unfortunately the game doesn't seem to have offline co-op, and the online co-op has a built in voice chat that can't be turned off (or at least after 30mins of looking we couldn't find the option)As for graphics. the game runs at 1080p, 60fps with minimal drops in performance.The options themselves are what you would expect from a console port, a simple on/off for AA, vsync options etc...Overall I'm very satisfied with this game and I definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,449800,25339713,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LoneWolfKek,"TL;DR: If you're okay with repetitive gameplay, like AoT, and it's on sale, definitely go for it.I have not had any mechanical issues, so I'm not here to complain about lag issues.For the first little bit, it's pretty fun. I'd say if you're a fan of AoT, you should get it while it's on sale, and if you have a controller (or will have). It's AoT as like the show, the OVAs, and plays like we wanted it to, despite some of the 3D Maneuver Gear flaws.However, this game gets ridiculously repetitive. Once you get to a certain point, you start doing side missions which just mean you need to kill Titans like you have been for the past 6-8 hours, and kill a final, stronger Titan. Nothing really changes, only what limbs you destroy first, if any.If you're Okay with that, then have at it. Otherwise, consider this game with a grain of salt."
76561198009738960,Recommended,449800,25184872,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Toadally Awesome,"While I admit that playing this with a keyboard is more of a chore than a game, if you have a controller and like the artstyle it's nice. Even better when it drops on next steam sales.A good thing to spend the money you got back from refunding No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,449800,25534249,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Devin B. Riddick,"It's hard to say if I really recommend this game or not. I have very mixed feelings about it, so let me just tell you things I enjoy and things I didn't.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Badass weapons/odmg- The gameplay is extremely badass and fun- Destructive environments- Turning titans into chicken nuggets is pretty fun- Levi- Playing in the titan form is awesome- Level design is pretty nice- Leveling system that supplies you with new equipment and mountsBoth:- The extra costumes are kinda cool, but kinda dumb- The storyline can be fun if you're really interested in it, but for me it was boring- Would've been cool to get some form of character creation(I feel like it's the only thing that could actually make expedition mode worth the playthrough. If you all know the 3ds attack on titan game had something called world mode where you created your own character and unlocked things for them. Would've made the game so much better if that's how expedition mode was)Cons:- Lack of characters(They don't have characters such as Annie, and Reiner for example. For obvious reason, but still would've loved to play as them. It also would've been cool to use their special abilities)- Lack of variety in the new equipment that you unlock(There are about 10 new weapons/odmgs with different variations, would've loved to have seen more types of equipment to use)- Mission's can get repetitive(The missions are pretty much the same thing and it doesn't help that the attack mode and expedition mode are the exact same thing as well)- New costumes are locked behind a paywall(I would love to have cooler costumes for my characters rather than the canon costumes from the show, because those are all kinda boring)- Bad keyboard controls- Multiplayer automatically toggles your mic on, you have no choice to keep it off(It's pretty annoying when you're trying to talk in a different chat but your friend/randomplayer in game can hear it all)Overall I would say just wait until the price drops, or try to find a bundle that gives you the game and all the dlc with it. Right now the game doesn't offer enough for it to cost this much. I've had a LOT of fun playing the game, but seeing the game from an inside perspective I don't think it's worth the price at the moment."
,Recommended,449800,25301838,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,xikroniczz,"I've played alot of this game, I beat the True Attack mode, maxed out a couple of playable characters and reached level 99! All on the keyboard. There is alot I'd like to share, so this review is just a bunch of rambling in what I've experienced.Attack Mode/Story:It's pretty straightforward, follows the main story! The whole game is killing titans but the story does a few special missions. It's really nothing special until you beat the anime part of the Attack Mode. After that it's doing special missions that lead into the Manga...what I mean is, you fight special titans that are not shown in the actual Anime. Sadly to get to that, you have to do a bunch of mindless griding to 'survey' an area to progress more in the story mission. After beating all of the story missions you get a new mode called, 'True Attack Mode'In True Attack Mode you do all of the main story and everything before, except it's ALOT harder. A massive jump in difficulty and you'll find yourself outgeared. The good thing is, is that each mission in True Attack Mode gives S materials! Which gives what you need for later weapons. You can also do the True Survey Corp missions in multiplayer, so you can get some help!Materials...oh god...One of the most fustrating things aside from the multiplayer crashing whenever someone uses a mic.(Crashing was fixed lol!)You get materials from grinding missions, in three categories(You see this when you go to the mission info)Normally beating a mission will give you three materials everytime. (Common Materials)Getting an S on a mission, doing all side-missions, killing almost all the titans on the map, and completing it in a certain amount of time. (One Special Material)(You get this later on) Dire Subjugation mission, will appear after killing a side boss after doing all side-missions and killing almost all the titans on the map. (Another Special Material that can only be obtained from doing this)Sure no one likes grinding, but I'm not going to complain about that. Doing missions to get Materials, or breaking titan parts for materials you can't get for doing normal missions is fine, this is completely normal! There is one thing that isn't fine though...You do not know where certain materials are, it never tells you. It doesn't sound bad, but here are examples.Ex.1 One Material is called Superior Gem Steel, and it's used for a decently high upgrade on a couple gear. To get this, you have to go back into the story on one specific mission and do it multiple times. Or you can buy it from the acquisition after unlocking it!!! I don't even know how I unlocked it, it was either playing a random survey mission or getting to a certain player level, but still it shouldn't be like that for one random material! To get other materials you just play the missions and it was pretty straightforward, but this was just random!!Ex.2 Giant Crystal, and Collossal Crystal. The Giant Crystal is from the end of the Attack Mode/Story Mode, The Collssal Crystal is from the end of True Attack Mode/Hard Story Mode. The bad thing is, is that you will probably need these materials for the longest time (especially the Collossal Crystal which you need the second you start True Attack Mode...Even worse is that to get the Collossal Crystial you need beat the True Story mission alone...you can't get help here). It was really fustrating for me, because I had no damn clue where to get it. I was desperate because titans were just too damn hard to kill. There are acouple of materials like that in this game...you just don't know where to get them.Acquisition:Buy Materials from this guy. You won't really be using this because you need to unlock the materials. To unlock some of the materials, you have to level up or do certain survey missions (Not sure if doing Survey Missions unlocks materials because it doesn't tell you, but I think I've experienced it). I don't know the exact levels you need to be, but they're really high and before you get there you won't even need the material after you unlock it.Multiplayer:(MULTIPLAYER IS FIXED, SORTA! The microphone crashing game problem was fixed, sad part is that you still can't change the audio of the microphones and also have to stay on continuous voice chat...there is no setting in the game to change it otherwise. SO WARNING, if you join expedition mode/multiplayer the game will automatically use your Default microphone and people will hear you! So be a kind potato and warn people who have their microphone on! (I'm sure this will be fixed...hopefully)To not let the game use your microphone! Make sure to change it back for other games!Thanks, Gaymers | Fatehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=752571653(I'm going to keep this part of the review where I said it was broken, because I know there are alot of dislikes on the game because it wasn't fixed at launch!)It's already well known that multiplayer is currently broken. If you use your microphone ingame you will crash, and others will crash. I'm sure it will be fixed! BUT aside from that, there are some things that change from singleplayer to multiplayer.In singleplayer if you hit a titan, you go in slowmotion for a moment. In multiplayer there is no slowmotion, so it feels different and more fast-paced.If you're grabbed by a titan you need to mash your attack button harder because it is increased in multiplayer! You'll most likely die. (If you're grabbed and die by the titan, he doesn't eat you like in singleplayer, he just crushes you and drops you.)If you die, you go into an downed state and can't do anything! You have 99 seconds till you die and the game is over! Someone can pick you up in your downed state in a second.In singleplayer if you're injured and about to be killed by another hit, you go into slow motion and have a chance to recover. You only have 3 charges, after that...you die. In multiplayer, you don't get that luxury. You're straight into the downed state. Basically multiplayer removed all of the slow motion.Controls:Yeah...if you don't have a controller or patience to learn how to use the keyboard. Then it won't be fun for you. If you do use a keyboard, I'll gladly show my setup but there are better setups in guides that will tell you theirs.Killing Titans:I am so satisfied with killing titans I don't really know how to say it. It's the reason I purchased this game and stayed. There are a load of features here, it's going to be really hard to tell them all. So I recommend you watch gameplay and see if you like it! This is bascially what the game is about!!Also that there are alot of certain different titans that you have to adjust and learn how to kill them, with some titans have less health when they're smaller, and more health when they're fatter and taller! Especially the Titan shifters like Eren :O!! The terrain makes it even harder to kill titans because it's just another obstacle!Graphics:The game is beautiful, the graphics are really well done sooo I'm satisfied! It's also well optimized (or so I've heard). Game stays at 60 fps. Sadly, the game doesn't go over 60fps, for people with 144hz monitors. There are obviously a few texture and game glitches, but it's really not that bad.ConclusionWas it worth 50$...no. Also, it's definitely not worth 60$. I HIGHLY recommend you get this game when it goes on sale lower than 50$. This game is literally all about killing titans...sure you upgrade your gear and talk to the characters from the Anime...but the story really is not even that special, so if you're going to get the game for the story, I don't recommend getting it...just watch the Anime.I know I can talk about this game more, so I guess I'll give my opinion more if asked. I will also help with any questions about the game!"
76561198052982921,Recommended,449800,29838049,Posted: 10 February,all,Daikataro,"First things first: TOTALLY UNPLAYABLE WITHOUT CONTROLLER, DO NOT EVEN ATTEMPT IT! Lazy console ports are becoming the rule rather than the excemption, and game has literally zero mouse support, not because it would've been undoable, but because devs are too cheap/lazy to do a proper port to mouse + keyboard, and literally just remapped everything to a poorly thought key pattern no person with less than 3 arms should attempt.That said, the game plays decently well with even a cheap generic controller (I should know, I'm using a 10 bucks dual-controllers PS2 ripoff). It will map keys to whatever the ford it wishes to, but you can re-assign them all, except for the camera, which it has a tendency to screw up axes (you move left and camera pans up...), but the camera is decent, and the reset camera button has so far, not dissapointed me.Omni-directional movement feels nice and fluid and, once you get the hang of it, you hardly ever touch ground again, except for restocking. characters truly transmit their feeling to the player (poor combat performance but lead savvy, overpowered broken titan-slayer, etc.), and combat feels pretty good, if a bit repetitive at some points, given how all optional missions boil down to ""kill x"".Well worth the price at current (at time of this writing) 50% discount, not 100% certain I would've paid the full price but if it's for sale at 30% or higher sure, get it!"
76561198095445207,Recommended,449800,25233829,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"If you like:-Nudity-Cannibalism-Men in cleaning outfits-A giant hairy man who throws rocks-A giant man who has no skin-Saving Armin-A multiplayer that crashes everytime you join-Bad horse A.I-Green smoke-Girls with a potato fetish-The words subjugation, distress and nape-Biting tounges-The Female Titan's♥♥♥♥♥-Shapeshifting-2 fps when a building breaksAnd last but not least, never dying?Then this is the game for you!18 Quintillion/10Still better than No Man's Sky"
,Recommended,449800,30344353,Posted: 5 March,all,bringer of doom,"Twinkle, twinkle, marco's deadPetra fell and broke her neckLevi lost his scouting teamEren heard his mother screamTwinkle, twinkle, Marco's deadThis show ♥♥♥♥ed me in the head"
76561198071608867,Recommended,449800,33158014,Posted: 2 July,all,KlaraIsGay,Large naked people eat small clothed people
,Recommended,449800,25177294,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pepper,Sasha eats potatoes and steals meat 10/10
,Recommended,449800,32791114,Posted: 25 June,all,Reiner Braun,"This game is a must have for fans of the series, but you should own a gamepad otherwise this game will be unplayable. Get this game only when its on sale, its very overpriced, but its still worth all the money."
,Recommended,449800,33333677,Posted: 6 July,all,eddakamango,"This will be my first review ever so it may not be what you expect, but here we go.Having played 160+ hours, beaten every single mission inS-RankwithDire Subjugation, completed theGallery(have made every equipment), and gotten all achievements, I believe my review will be accurate.The game follows the same story as the anime/manga, including short cutscenes for the highlights of the show. Starting withAttack Mode(which is considered ""normal"" mode). Beating that unlocksTrue Attack Mode(or ""hard mode"" - also ""TAM"").PLEASE NOTE THAT THERE ARE GAME DIFFICULTY SETTINGS ASIDE FROM THIS FOR EASY, NORMAL, AND HARD.On TAM, the titans have much more life on each body part and are much more aggressive, turning and grabbing much quicker. There is alsoExpedition Mode, in which you can playSurvey Missionseither online of offline. If playing online, you can have up to four people playing together.Let’s talk about progression. As mentioned before the game follows the show’s storyline. This is true for bothAttack ModeandTrue Attack Mode. As the story progresses, one can unlockSurvey Missions, which award the player with rewards for theGalleryandregiment funds. There are also town requests with rewards.But let’s get to the Pros and Cons:Pros:Great graphics – looks just like the animeGreat gameplay/controls – it is exactly what you would expectThe level up system is not as “grindy” as other games – as long as you focus on getting materials for your gear this can be almost disregardedWith that ↑ said, the equipment system is nice; with modification and fortificationCan play any mission with any character availableThe titans are just as freaky as the show (of course a pro!)The bizarre titans save this game from being way too repetitiveCan be played onlineCan make the online lobbies either public or privateNo trade system – yes this is a pro because items and equipment are very easy to getSkill system – this actually caught me by surprise but I love how cool the character skills are… except for Jean. Jean sucks. Poor Jean.Great sountrack even though it is not the same as the show – “Blond’s Rage: EHH EHHEHH EHHHHH”Cons:System Requirements are very high – although the PC I have is pretty nice and up to date, there is one mission in which I did get some lag until I killed 2-4 titansTerrible voice chat system – it is mostly recommended to mute your mics or find a workaround (coughdiscordcough)Some highly desired characters are not playable due to spoilers (coughanniecough) unlessCheat Engineis usedGame gets very repetitive quickly; missions and side missions are exactly the same from one stage to another – though it shouldn’t matter if you are a true fanOnline lobbies are a ghost town most of the time, so find a friend and/or add people from the discussions sectionThere are some bugs, like players being stuck inside a building and titans stuck inside a building or undergroundThe way the titans move is very weird and clumsy; sometimes they are going at 80 mph on their knees… or walking around like dancing the limbo… or when they go to grab you in front of them, but you escape to their back, so their arms spin 200 degrees and get you anyway (I actually find these hilarious lol)The game seems abandoned – no updates or news for about 4 months but there might be hope as I read somewhere a new game may be developed for the NDS systems (don’t take my word for it though)Although good replay value, the game is very shortTHIS GAME IS TERRIBLE FOR KEYBOARDS. GAME CONTROLLERS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDJeanFun fact: right now, the only character worse than Jean is Ymir because she has no skills, decisive battle signal (this applies to all hidden characters),nor transformation for that matter.I suspect Ymir has Stealth, it just does not show in her skill list, but I could be wrong.Confirmed that Ymir has absolutely no skills.All in all, a very solid game. For what it is, it is well polished and is almost exactly what you would expect. I definitely recommend buying it, but not for full price – BUY IT WHENEVER IT’S ON SALE!!!. I would love to see more being put into this game but will have to wait until more of the anime is released #fmlStoryline 5/5 – alwaysGraphics 4.5/5Cinematics 4/5Sountrack 4.5/5Gameplay 4.5/5Controls 4/5 - controller ratingContent 3/5Jean 0/5"
,Recommended,449800,29466757,Posted: 24 January,all,Operator Exe©,"TL;DR:- Great graphics- Must play with controller- Titan's AI is too easy in normal mode no real threat when fighitng- Amazing soundtrack- Only in Jap-Sub (would be nice for an Eng-dub option)- Keeps the repetative yet fun and addtictive Koei forumla- True Attack Mode (Hard mode) has no real incentive when completing it other than maxing out the top tier gear + overall level to 99.- Non-titan AI can be frustrating with Escort missions where they run around in a circle or stand still at certain times9/10.Extended thoughts below:Amazing game, the usual Koei formula, hordes of enemies, an army and then there's you to kill em' all. Although it's a bit different this time, it's not massive crowds of enemies instead it's a handful of titans to cut up.This game will have you frantically racing across the battlefield killing multiple titans to save your comrades (whether it's for a mission or your husbando/waifu), the other part to it is the obvious dismembering of titan limbs which becomes redundant unless you're up against a Bizzare Titan or mission directed titan to kill in which you must take out the limbs so you'll just find yourself half way through the game just trying to kill every regular titan on sight as fast as possible to wipe the field or at least that's what I was aiming for.The game does a good job retelling the anime's season 1 story and adding a small epilogue at the end (unsure whether that's right from the manga or not as of writing this season 2 is yet to be released). It also includes nice short character interactions when completing the numerous ""tasks"" you complete which can get tiresome but gives you something to work for.There is a ton of grinding to do in this game when it comes to upgrading your equipment, you gotta get the materials from titans and do well in missions to obtain funding for these upgrades, not to mention the collectable titan statues so this game will definitely keep you busy for a long time."
,Recommended,449800,25159821,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Redwarz,"Aside from some interesting things like the game asking you to launch it in Windows 7 mode, the game plays great and runs at a smooth 60 FPS. There are no resolution settings above 1080p but this doesn't effect me. Some people might be bummed out by the lack of a dub track but this is nothing new for KT as most of their anime games don't have one.If you enjoy the series I reccomend checking it out. Make sure you have a Xinput device there are some complaints about the default controls and other controls not working.Update:I've finished the main story mode and entered the Epilogue Chapter at this point and played about 2 - 3 hours of Multiplayer.The basic story mode takes about 8 to 10 hours to beat but from what I can tell the Epilogue adds a bit of more play time to the game by forcing you to complete the Multiplayer missions to progress. The game does get a bit repetitive and is not challenging. Even on the hardest difficulty I only died once and it was during the final mission. Despite this though, I enjoyed my time with the game quite a bit because the mechanics are fun and killing titans feels great.Fun game to play and I see myself spending much more time in the coop with friends in order to clear those side missions."
,Recommended,449800,25274181,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dystymi,"""Today... For the first time.. Humanity has won against the Titans.""Attack on Titan / A.O.T Wings Of Freedom is a.. Slash-em up, I guess, with a heavy focus on fast paced gameplay and using squads to your advantage. I am a fan of the anime and manga series of Attack on Titan, but I will fairly give what I think they did right with the game, and what they did wrong.Pros:- Charming graphics, much like the Wit Studio's artstyle for Attack on Titan's anime counterpart.- Fun gameplay. I had a blast roaming the huge maps using the omni-directional mobility gear, and          slashing up Titans with my blades. The Titans, even if they weren't abnormals, proved to be a challenge to kill, requiring some type of strategy to take them down.- Great soundtrack. While not what we heard in the anime, this game's soundtrack is JUST as good as the anime's. It's intense, with heavy cinematic undertones.- The creativity put into having to tell Attack on Titan's story through a video game. They did a great job adapting the story into video game format.- The surprising depth of the progression systems. You can rank up EVERY soldier you play as, from Levi to Jean. You can also get crafting materials to create new gear and upgrade your equipment.Cons:- This game gets VERY repetitive, especially during the final missions in the single player campaign. Given the type of game, though, I expected it.- This game is very easy, once you get the hang of it. The only trouble I really had was one of the boss fights with the Female Titan. Besides that, this game is a piece of cake to complete.- The controls. This is what EVERYONE and their mother is complaining about. There is no mouse support to speak of. If you use a controller, the buttons are all swapped and some buttons don't even work. I used an Xbox 360 controller and, while I didn't like the controls, I got used to them. I HIGHLY recommend that you play this game with a controller.- The lack of graphics options. They say the game has antialiasing, but it appears to be only FXAA. Everything at a distance looks jagged. It's easy to get over this, but it's something that kind of bothers me personally.- The DUMB A.I. I know Titans are stupid, so THAT'S fine, but your squadmates *COUGH* ARMIN *COUGH* heal you just as you heal yourself, meaning you waste a restoritive potion. That, and it seems like they WANT to be eaten by Titans. ♥♥♥♥ you, Armin.- The $59.99 price tag. This game isn't worth $59.99. Simple as that.As a whole, I would recommend this game to any Attack on Titan or anime fan, as well as those looking for something different. This game has AWESOME, fast paced movement and combat coupled with great voice acting using THE ORIGINAL JAPANESE VOICES, charming graphics, and a surprisingly deep progression system. Though, thanks to numerous bugs, the kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥A.I, and the lack of difficulty, Attack on Titan cracks almost as fast as Shinganshina's gates. Also, this game's multiplayer mode is more dead than Eren's mother.I recommend this game when it goes on sale. Emulate Marco and buy this game half off.FINAL VERDICT: 7/10"
,Recommended,449800,35091960,Posted: 20 September,all,AlexcrewSucksAtGames,"This game is based on the extremely popular anime and manga of the same name. As such, the basic premise of the game is fighting giant naked dickless monsters while also being steampunk Spiderman with swords. The game also follows the story of the anime very closely, most of the cutscenes being practically 1:1. I will do my best to write an unbiased review, but I really REALLY love the anime and this game, so it'll be kinda hard.PROS-The visuals are somewhat appealing. They managed to create an environment and characters that remain accurate to the anime, but in 3D animation.-The gameplay is interesting and unique. Being able to fly through the air in a hack-and-slash game is very cool and definitely is worth a try.-Long story. The game's story is based slightly loosely on Season 1 of the anime, but manages to condense it while also adding extra stuff to keep you enamored.-Easy to grasp. The control scheme (at least with a controller) is easy to get the hang of and play around with.CONS-The Titans are too easy. Even on hard difficulty, the enemies are very easy to kill if you can do it right, which makes fighting them boring sometimes.-Repetitive gameplay. This isn't so much a problem for me, as I don't mind repetitive gameplay, but it can be a problem for other people. The levels are almost all the same. Kill the Titans, kill the boss, next level.-Lack of character diversity. This may seem like I'm whining more than an actual problem with the game, but here we go. The game has 10 playble characters:-Eren Jaeger-Armin Arlert (weak as hell. Seriously. Don't play him unless you have a death wish.)-Mikasa Ackermann (strong as hell, but not as strong as you-know-who.)-Sasha Brause-Connie Springer (deals way more damage than Levi if he's leveled up.)-Christa Lenz (even weaker than Armin. Seriously.)-Jean Kirstein-Levi Ackermann (best character n/a       12/10 would rek femel titan again)-Hange Zoë (no one plays her, sadly 😢)-Erwin Smith (SHINZOUUUUUUUU WO SASAGEYOOOOOOOOOO)But even with these characters, the roster still feels empty without Reiner, Bertholdt, Annie, and Ymir.-No one plays the multiplayer. If you have 3+ friends who like the game and will play with you, then that's good for you.But trying to find a public match to join is damn near impossible during the week. The weekend is when some turn up, but not many.-Requires quite a lot of farming. The game uses a gear leveling up system and this gear requires lots of materials and lots of money to do it, meaning more farming.-No mouse support. This game suffers from what I like to call ""Console Port Syndrome,"" during which a game that is ported from console to PC is given little to no mouse support. However, it is not impossible to play this game without a controller, as I have rebound my controls to give it the best playability possible, which will be listed below.W,A,S,D=                  Move forward, left, backward, right (respectively)Left Shift=                Fire AnchorSpace=                     Jump/BoostF=                             AttackQ=                           Decisive Battle SignalR=                             Toggle Combat ModeE=                           Interact1=                          Cycle Items Left3=                            Cycle Items Right2=                            Use ItemP=                            Change Team ObjectiveO=                           Provoke TitanLeft Arrow Key=     Rotate Camera LeftRight Arrow Key=    Rotate Camera RightT=                         Rotate Camera UpDown Arrow Key=  Rotate Camera DownEsc=                         Pause(I recommend that you change the controls before you start, as it can be hard to pause and change them once you get into the game. Personal experience.)Overall, the game is very good, but could use some improvement. However, I enjoyed the game enough that I will be purchasing the sequel to this game, Attack on Titan 2, when it is released in early 2018. Definitely get this game if you like the anime, but you should wait until it is on at least a 50% sale, as it is certainly not worth sixty bucks."
,Recommended,449800,25244819,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Batter,This is a really fun game!I'd recommend playing with a controller if you're thinking of buying it.
76561197999871353,Recommended,449800,30691736,Posted: 23 March,all,Mister Venture,"Attack on Titan, much like the anime, is like nothing you've ever played before.By this, I mean the controlls and game mechanics.It feels a little awkward at first, but in no time, it becomes very intuitive and you'll be mowing down titans like a pro....and oh boy, is it ever satisfying when you land than perfect neck slice. I get shivers.Somehow, and I don't know exactly how, they took the rules of doing battle in the AoT world and translated it into a game. Mechanics are great, but of course, some NPC animations are not perfect, but considering the fun factor, it shouldn't be on your mind.And worst or best of all, it gets a little repetative, but in no way anoyying. I honestly don't know how to feel about that.Maybe you should be the judge. Fans of the anime, pick it up (though it just tells the same story over but in 3D animation). New commers? I don't know, maybe you're about to embark on a wild advebnture...where big naked people eat you alive 0_0"
76561198022004985,Recommended,449800,25229667,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Velith,"If you love the anime, You will definitely love the game. Killing titans while launching around with the maneuvar gear is so satisfying. Granted the game can be a bit repetitive but what game isnt. Plus killing titans online with other people is very fun. I definitely recommend this to anyone new or not to play this game.Pros:- Amazing combat- Great maneuverability- Good crafting and leveling system- Can recruit AI to join you- You get to play as a lot of the main characters- Titan combat with crumbling buildings!Cons:- A bit repetitve- Takes 5-8 hours to beat story (granted there is only 1 season for the show)- Some FPS drops here and thereRate:9/10"
76561198048643232,Recommended,449800,25162296,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Tuffcooke,"I absolutely adore this game. All the negative feedback it's getting makes me sad. The primary thing I'm seeing is crashes, and I played for just about 5 hours at the time of writing without dipping below 60 fps, much less a game crash. In all fairness, my friends have dubbed my PC ""The semi-truck"" so I don't know how it runs on lower hardware. The clunkiest part of the PC version is the lack of resolution above 1080p, but I digress. Some people also mention poor control scheme for keyboard, which I can't speak to since I use a controller to play this. Still, I thoroughly enjoy the game so far. I went in just expecting to chop Titans, so I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of actual content. There's a full progression system, both for each character and your equipment. Speaking of equipment, the 3D-maneuver gear doesn't suffer from ""Spiderman Game Syndrome"" as I call it, which is ropes/web just attatching to the top of the screen. If you're out in the open without anything in close proximity, you're unable to use the gear. You're better using your horse to cross between open areas to get to 3D-maneuvre viable areas again. Also, 20 sidequests at the beginning of chapter 2, which I didn't expect. My primary love for the game comes from the fact that aside from the satisfyingness of slashing Titans, the characters FEEL like themselves. Each character has different abilities and animations based on what/how they use their preferred styles in the anime. For example, Eren rewards hitting enemies slowly but hard from above whereas Mikasa is about being everywhere at once and Levi rewards circling Titans at high speed with high damage criticals that are unmatched. I especially enjoy how they handle Armin, because as fun as he is in the anime, he's a useless little♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to fighting. I didn't want him to be an insane Titan killer on par with Eren or Mikasa, and they actually reflected how Armin works in a surprisingly clever way. Much like in the show, he's a useless little♥♥♥♥♥♥ His top criticals are lower damage than what the game considers a poor or failed attack from Mikasa or Eren, etc. Instead, they use his tactical thinking and gave him an exclusive squad-command mechanic, where rather than allowing Armin to fight he's best used as a distraction while directing NPC's to inflict damage on the specific areas of Titans. An entire Armin based squad almost equals a Levi crit (kek). All in all, I love how true the game is to the show in it's treatment of characters and their equipment, and it's one of the most satisfying and refreshing games I've played in a while."
76561198000139087,Recommended,449800,25243723,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,jOHNOh,one of the titans has a shocking resemblance to hillary clinton.10/10 would decapitate again
76561198115283000,Recommended,449800,25198108,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Four Arms From Ben 10,PRO'S:-A gift from god-Long story-Super sexy on a controller-Mikasa waifu-Pretty dank gear customization-Variety of characters to play as-Runs smoother than my ♥♥♥♥♥ after taco bell-Make levi wear his maid outfitCON'S:-Spoiling the upcoming second season :(-Keyboard controls feel like im trying to strangle a rubics cube10/10 masterpiece
76561198196701731,Recommended,449800,31940622,Posted: 24 May,all,XXXTENTACION,I love this game but none of my friends have it because its TOO EXPENSIVE!
,Recommended,449800,25195745,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ZapMouse,"It's Attack on Titan-themed Dynasty Warriors, and it's is really damn fun.No seriously, It is reallyreallyfun.So lets begin with the ODM gear and the combat mechanics.It's been a long time since a game has gotten swinging from things right, in fact the only game I remember doing it properly would be Spiderman 2 on the PS2, but now I can add this game to that list. The ODM gear feels amazing and looks awesome and it gives a really nice sense of speed as you use it. It's very easy to get the hang of, too; you press X to fire your hooks and then all you need to do is point where you want to go and you'll go flying over there. Comparing this movement to the free Attack on Titan Tribute Game, it's not as in-depth or complex. For example, you can't aim precisely where the hooks go -- it's automated by the game and you can't fire only one hook, which I was a bit disappointed at, but it gets the job done. Also, you do need to have something nearby to hook onto, so if you find yourself out in the open you're not gonna have a good time. Thankfully though, you have an awesome horse and you'll be needing him a lot. He never falls behind even when you are moving at max speed with ODM gear, which is really nice and keeps the pace up.The combat is nice and visceral, you press a button to lock onto a titan and then using the right joystick (Arrow keys for PC) you can target what part of the titan to anchor onto (Nape, left arm, right leg, ect). Pressing X fires out your hooks to that target (you can still strafe around them in this mode) then releasing the left joystick (or WASD) will bring you closer to that target to deliver your blow. You can take out all a titan’s limbs – taking out their legs will prevent them from running, take out their arms and they can no longer grab you – or you can just go straight for the nape if you want to, although the game does give bonuses to taking out limbs as some (indicated with an icon) may contain materials to use for crafting better gear. Cutting a titan’s limb or nape causes the game to go slow-motion for a brief second so you can see the huge amounts of blood that spews forth and drenches your character (also blocks your view) which looks amazing and the damage indicators help you to determine just how good your strike was. It all works together to create a really nice and incredibly satisfying combat system that goes as fast as you can input commands.It feels really fluid and free-flowing – using the ODM gear to maneuver behind a large titan, engaging the lock-on mode and then hooking onto the neck, boosting at full speed towards it to deliver a single powerful strike to take down the titan down before disengaging the lock-on and then moving away from another titan as it reaches out to grab you – the speed of it gets my adrenaline pumping and it feels amazing!Now that the combat has been covered, let’s discuss difficulty because you may have heard that this game is too easy.This game really does make you feel like a badass but in the 5 hours of me playing it (On normal difficulty), I have yet to die once. I really wish that there was a harsher punishment for screwing up around titans, but the worst that happens is that you'll be grabbed and have to escape by button mashing and it's really easy to escape from. However, while I have never died, I have failed missions and objectives because while it does seem like the other soldiers are attacking titans, it appears they forgot all their training or are just scared out of their mind because I have never seen the AI 'C' Rank soldiers kill anything. So you tend to have to be everywhere at once and you need to prioritize between the objectives and when to resupply.This gets the hardest in missions where you need to protect citizens because they couldnt run away from a titan if they had a entire month for a head start, and when they are scattered all over the map it gets really hard to keep them all safe, requiring you to be alert and sharp on your situational awareness, which is nice. I'd advise that you play on the hard difficulty if you want a challengeNow lets talk performance, I run a GTX 970 with a i7 4770K (Overclocked) and I have only experienced one crash during my playtime which was when I was testing out the multiplayer. The performance is pretty good in most places, though the framerate does tank when several buildings are destroyed all at once but thankfully it never lags for too oftern because the rubble dissapears fairly quickly.Some people find the control scheme to be a bit confusing. (With an Xbox 360 controller) A is to boost, X is to fire your ODM gear, B is to issue orders/resupply/mount and dismount, Y is attack, numpad for item selection, left stick is to move, right stick is for camera but when locked onto a titan it is to select what part of them to target, left trigger is to change the map mode while the bumpers and right trigger are absent from any commands (however if you dislike it you can rebind the keys in the options as you wish). One thing to note however is there is no mouse support at all, so use a controller if you can. The options menu is decent but apparently the game can't go above 1080p. It also asks you to play with Windows 7 compatibility mode which is amusing, but I digress, the game runs just fine for me.Overall I find this game to be incredibly fun and I plan to get S rank in all the missions. Regardless of if you have watched the anime or not, I think that you'll find this game to be really enjoyable with its mechanics, one of the most fun games I have played all year and I can't see myself stop playing it any time soon.Really fun, I definitely recommend it"
,Recommended,449800,31757651,Posted: 14 May,all,-Karou-,still has better facial animations than Mass Effect Andromeda
76561198086758882,Recommended,449800,25159110,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Zappieroth132,Runs smooth like butter.Running it on:-670-i5-3470-8GBOn MAX settings with solid 60FPS.Only thing I would recommend is a default 360 controller.Gameplay is dope as expected flying around slaying titans. :DFor anyone who questions the games difficulty.... stick to it... trust me it will hurt D:
76561198007568868,Not Recommended,449800,26747782,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Her Royal Fabulousness,"I was fooled by the user reviews. The game is supposedly meant to be great but instead the AI is so terrible they didn't even bother making a combat system for NPCs. They only pretend to fight. It doesn't end there though; The level design is abysmal and lacks detail. There is nobody playing multiplayer. The difficulty isn't anywhere near where one would expect from what made the manga/anime great in the first place. This game is utter garbage to the point that it's an insult to the series to keep it in my games library. I want a refund.Edit because of all the wannabe trolls:I spent the hour trying both singleplayer and ""multiplayer"" (Still singleplayer because nobody plays it). I did the training mission which was incredibly dull and boring, then I went onto ""multiplayer"", no rooms, made my own, waited 15 minutes but no players, went in solo, did the dull and boring mission solo without getting hit, titans didn't even bother attacking. Went back onto singleplayer, did a mission in an undetailed Trost at 1/500th of the size of how it was in the anime, the mission tried to copy the anime but it seems the devs here can't even do that much, with massive parts of the story missing. Stop defending this piece of crap, fanboys. It insults the source material and by defending it you too are insulting the source material. If you really like the anime and not just some dev's cash cow then how about you show some damned respect?"
,Recommended,449800,25249464,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kenuty,Attack on titan is a face paced action game based on a very popular manga/anime. It is a very unique twist on the usual Musou genre. The game does suffer a bit from being a semi poor port that seriously has room for improvement I can however recommend this game for those of you who as of right now own a controller or a huge fan of Attack on titans. I will give it a thumbs up for now and give developers the benefit of the doubt that they will fix some of the complaints and cons that are listed about the game if not I will immediately change this thumbVideo reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9LSYYUtIxkPros+ Great music soundtrack and voice acting+ Gameplay is fun action packed and fast paced+ Specific skills for each character compliments them well+ Great story that follows source material and then some+ Character art is nice+ 60 fpsCons- No dub options- Multiplayer does not work because of a bug from microphone that crashes many in fact almost dead too.- Controller required- Keyboard and mouse setup is horrible and mouse isn't supported for camera (Usehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/vn69/recommended/449800/to bind your keys)- 1080p res restricted- Muddy textures at distance- crazy camera angles at times- Too much interface cluster like dynasty warrior
,Recommended,449800,31200222,Posted: 17 April,all,mevseworld,Definitely will recommend this game! I was damn addcited to it and trying to complete the achievement. But I feel that you should buy it when it's having sale.
,Not Recommended,449800,26703088,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,b7ad,"Currently can't recommend due to performance/crashing issues caused by one of the recent patches. Otherwise would definitely recommend if you are a fan of Musou games and AoT anime/manga.PerformanceSince one of the last patches I am experiencing crashing to desktop, usually when I get near the end of a mission. Many people experiencing various performance and crashing issues currently with no response from the devs so buyer beware. The game runs at a constant 60fps. Limited options menu. Prior to the recent patch, the game never crashed, hopefully there will be a patch to sort it soon. Tried all fixes mentioned in the Community Hub, none worked for me. Some have had success sorting it out.Audio/VisualUnsurprisingly with Japanese audio licensing, there's no original music from the anime here, but the score is excellent and really fits the feel of the anime perfectly. Sound effects/voice is good. The game looks great and I think it's actually the best game to capture the feeling of its source material in recent memory.Gameplay/StoryIf you like Musou games as well as Attack on Titan it's great fun. The movement with the 3D Maneuver Gear after getting used to it feels so good, definitely a highlight of the gameplay. Simple yet enjoyable upgrade system. Playing through the campaign up to the prologue section is incredibly fun and paces things out well. From the prologue onwards things become more grindy, but par for the course for this type of game. The story that made AoT such a popular anime is somewhat lost here due to a lot of the more emotional/character building parts being cut out in favor of more instant action to drive the story along, so definitely not recommended to get into the AoT story, but if you have watched the anime, I found it fun seeing the entire 1st season of the anime being retold in the game (as well as dipping into the start of season 2). Just for the campaign up to the prologue I found the game worth buying, that is if the recent performance issues are sorted out."
,Recommended,449800,32868265,Posted: 27 June,all,Angelic Nova 川,"Game is quite fun. You play the first season of AOT. Even for the ones who don't know, its enjoyable. Though the pc performance requirements are quite high so dont forget to check before buying it"
76561198274539333,Recommended,449800,31331282,Posted: 23 April,all,ArcticJack,"60 hours in, almost halfway there.  Game midly requires a controler to play, but re-maping the keys works too.  10/10 would get eaten 20 times as Armin again.I would however advise not buying dlc. It's extremely overpriced for cosmetic items and ""episodes 1-9"" are actually just survey missions that don't actually add any story elements or new drops."
76561198065035294,Recommended,449800,25937596,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ameyer117,"Short no frills review:-Kill tons of Titans-Dynasty Warriors Style Combat-Chop limbs off of titans-ODM Gear works great-Use a controller-Game is like the anime-A lot of fun, but could use more character customization."
76561198137338095,Recommended,449800,33932965,Posted: 31 July,all,BladeZi,"Awesome game!Killing titans is tons of fun, and it's really accurate. It's almost like being part of the anime itself!10/10"
,Recommended,449800,31837850,Posted: 19 May,all,HenkkazoR,"This game is extremely fun and you feel like a badass while playing the game.Positive things- Follows the first season and shows a little bit of the beast titan- Multiplayer basic missions with or without friends (no multiplayer story)- You can play as your favourite characters (e.g. Levi, Eren, Mikasa, Sasha and so on...)- I cant say this enough the game is fun and you feel badass- You don't need to control the odm gearNegative things:- You can't control the odm gear- Badly ported to the PC the keyboard&mouse support is a joke. Imo you shouldn't buy the game if you don't own a controller because you control the character with the arrow buttons and you can't do anything with the mouse. The cherry on top is that this game has no support for higher resolutions than 1080p, it's not that bad to play with a 1440p monitor but 1080p is better.btw. Online is pretty dead but it's not hard to find people to play with but there is usually just like 5 people playingEDIT: The game doesn't offer many hours so I would recommend buying it while its on a sale"
,Not Recommended,449800,28435270,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DiccAss,"This game seems fun at first. but as you progress past the 15 hour mark (for me anyway) it will get extremely boring and repetitive. i found myself doing over 30 survey missions and still not being done. If this product costed maybe 20 or 30 then it would be worth, but not 60."
,Recommended,449800,25357321,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ThorsPickle,"Honestly a really fun game. I'm not overly driven to play by the story, and it does get repetative, but the combat system makes it all worth while. Don't get me wrong the story really is interesting but the combat system is dope.I reccommend this game, even more so if you can get it on a sale. Worth it!"
76561198173829486,Recommended,449800,28814170,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bobbobinson557,"This game is a perfect example of why refunds are a good thing. If you're on the fence about getting this game, just get it now. Play for two hours, and if you're enjoying yourself, keep it. If you are not, refund it. 99% of this game is the same thing: killing titans. I find this action fun and don't mind doing it over and over, but I can see how someone would not. There's some things to break up the monotony a little, such as upgrading your gear, cannons, and special titans where you need to destroy 2-4 of its other limbs instead of just going straight for the nape. Though if you don't want to, you can just ignore most of that stuff and get on with the titan slaughter.I cannot say much about anything else. Graphics are okay, soundtrack is serviceable but nothing special, and I couldn't give a bad rat's asṡ about the story. I tried to watch the show, but I find the characters to be bland and unrelatable; everything around them is the interesting stuff. I do have to say, however, it's a bit jarring when you as the player character are massacring titans by the dozen with ease, yet every NPC is utterly incompetent and cutscenes suggest that the titans are a much greater threat than they appear in-game.An important suggestion: force vsync or whatever alternative you prefer through the Nvidia control panel or AMD's equivalent. Vsync is unfortunately not natively supported as it should always be."
,Recommended,449800,31397276,Posted: 27 April,all,Zarquaad,"I enjoyed the game although it was annoying at some pointsThe anime obviously tells the story better, but this game still tells it pretty good.From what I've seen the multiplayer is dead though, so you might want a friend to get the game so you can actually play the multiplayer."
,Recommended,449800,25395840,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Archer_MKII,"This is a good game ... not top notch in terms of games in generalBut if you're into the anime , then the game nails your expectations .I recommend"
,Recommended,449800,27334128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Queen Of Hearts,Honestly this game is fairly grindy not going to lie but if you loved the aot flash game and even the anime or manga this game may tickle your fancy of badassery for a long while and its even better playing with friends as you compete to get the finaly kills and annahilate the titans like eren's dreams
,Recommended,449800,32557078,Posted: 18 June,all,happy and nude,"This game not that long even with hard difficulty. If you are going to play this game for the story, you better off watching the actual show. This is just to satsify the fans with fast action of the character from the show. It's not worth the 60$ price for being so short.The game is stylish and comfortable to the eyes when getting into the action. Didn't encounter any bugs or glitches that took me off the game. But it will set you off for being repetitive through out the whole game since the game is just to kill titans and have you remember that some scenes are in the game.Recommended for this game is on sale for under 30$ or if you are rich and want to enjoy what it feels to have the thrusters from the show that's fine. I enjoyed it and had fun and that's all that matters."
,Recommended,449800,25166202,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Intern,"If you want to know how hard it is to use a 3D Maneuver Gear  in real life, just play this game with mouse and keyboard.BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME, TAKE NOTE THAT THIS GAME WORKS BEST WITH A CONTROLLER.The mouse and keyboard controls are terrible. Please rebind the controls to make it more playable. I played it with a controller.People are complaining about the game crashing. I can't say much because my rig is pretty decent and every pc is different. However, a day one crash for others would suggest that this game to be a bad port with poor optimisation.The options menu is ok but it could have been better.ProsConsFaithful adaption of the anime/manga. Story cuts slightly into season 2 of the anime but is edited. These few chapters is different from the anime/manga.MAX RESOLUTION IS 1080p (I use a 1440p monitor)Cinematic fightsLimited controlsTextures and graphics looks decent for an animeTextures and graphics can glitch when moving fast. This defect is usually covered by ""motion blur""runs at 60 fpscannot run beyond 60 fpsGore can be turned offNeeds more goreFights and flights are very simple and easy to learnFights are too easy and can be repetitive.WHERE IS THE DESPAIR, GRIEF, SADNESS AND MADNESS OF THE FRANCHISE???You feel like the ""hero of humanity"" when you do all the work.The AI is stupid. Often you will see titans or humans moving in circles.Physics can be glitchy. Cutting limbs from titans may ""reset"" their pose. Titans can glitch into walls or floors, making them impossible to hit.The game becomes very grindy. I suggest you download a trainer/hack to get all the resources you need.The game is fairly easy to pick up and you'll be killing titans easily. Although, I'm not sure how every npc keeps getting eaten since titans are pretty easy to defeat. [Maybe they were using keyboard and mouse] Fight controls are limited, you only need to press a few buttons to kill a titan. This is probably because the fights are made to look cool as possible. The storyline also includes a few eiplouge episodes adapted from the manga. Gamers looking for a challenge, such as when this series characters experience despair in the anime/manga, would have to look somewhere else.As a fan of the series, I'm happy with the adaptation. But if you are not a fan of the series, I strongly suggest playing other games. This game was made to milk cash from fans, and I'm ok with it.Will update this guide as I play more."
76561198090355596,Recommended,449800,34153069,Posted: 10 August,all,Shiro-Okami-San,"I have personally put over 100 hours or more into this game between steam and console versions, this game holds true to the original story or the anime and plays very well in the event that you have a controller. I have tried with keyboard a few times and it is very clunky and impossible to control so do keep this in mind before you purchase this game on steam. It does however run the smoothest out of every port of the game that I have seen thus far and I do not have any regrets in my purchase. I would however reccomend that you wait until it is on sale to purchase because while the gameplay is fun and addictive to the true fans of the series, it can also be a very repetitive task for anything beyond the sheer fact of enjoyment of the game like trying to earn achievements.pros:best port of the gamegood if you enjoy other koei tecmo games like dynasty warriorsfun if you don't mind grindy gamesrequires a bit of finger dexteritycons:same goal for a lot of the missionssome characters seem favored over otherskeyboard controls"
76561197974765476,Recommended,449800,31327337,Posted: 23 April,all,FrOgG,"The game is awesome. It gives you the control of the ODM gear. If you follow the manga, its a must. It's good for the ones who follow the anime. But it has some spoileres on the sidequests.  I reccomend this game, it's true to the original, i have never saw a game this close to the original series. 10/10, really.  Also a controller(xbox360at least) needed to get fine with the controls. But the game totally worth every dollar."
,Not Recommended,449800,25165817,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,vTHUNDERDUCKv,"Personally I cannot recommend this I its current state at the day of release.First of all, the game does not support any resolution above 1080p and trying to change this using the Nvidia control panel causes issues in game.Second, VOIP is permanently enable in game and cannot be disabled.Third, when joining a multiplayer game, it crashes to desktop.Fourth, this game really needs a controller as the native M&K Controls are awful.At its current state and price, it is not worth purchasing.The brief amount of single player I have played ran perfectly with no issues, the controls are very intuitive with a pad (PS4 Dual Shock) and the game mechanics seem very tight and solid. Even as a huge fan of the series the fact that the game has so many issues on launch is a real let down.I would recommend waiting for an update or patch before purchasing."
,Recommended,449800,26122164,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Gin the Cat,Amazing game . . nothing like seeing butt naked giants running around an open field!
,Recommended,449800,25227868,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,skg,"Its a good game, lives up to the anime, how ever two fixes are needed.1.) The multiplayer keeps crashing and its not just me that its happening to2.) There needs to be a way to mute players in the game"
,Recommended,449800,29612179,Posted: 31 January,all,b a l i o r n e☭ l CSOFFER.ME,"It's really fun and despite what you would think doesn't really need a super computer to run. My computer is only about $400 and yet it runs at a good 40-50fps. One really big requirement is a wired Xbox controller of some sort, It's almost impossible to play on keyboard and controls were awful. But luckily they work great with a wired controller. So I wouldn't recromend the game if you don't have a controller yet"
,Recommended,449800,31993377,Posted: 27 May,all,xiph0s,"The game gets repetitive after doing the same thing over and over again. You are just swinging and then press the same button combination everytime, but the only time it's a bit different is when you are against unique titans (female, armour, collosal, ape) you have to use certain grenades to used them."
,Recommended,449800,33797762,Posted: 25 July,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Well, at first I thought that it would be a bad game at the point of not worth to be playing nor spending money on.I also thought that it would be a somewhat difficult game because people said so so I gave a look at the gameplay and it sure is different, its gameplay is pretty unique but in the end I was wrong on both points.The game is good, not epic, but good, I haven't watched Attack on Titan, perhaps I'll do when I'll have some free time, but the game is good, I wouldn't pay full price for it though, even a 50% discount isn't enough, 20$ would be just right.But it will probably never be lower than 30$ or it will take some time, after all, it's Koei Tecmo, they think their games are all great and all.At first, it feels like a Spider-man game because of the gameplay but in the end, it is not similar enough to compare it with it.Difficulty-wise, it is really easy no matter the difficulty level, your grandma could probably beat this game by herself without having too much difficulty.But it still a good game, can get repetitive really quick though, just like every Koei Tecmo games.I'd recommend on sale, for 15$ or less if possible or the best deal you can come up with.The bad points would be that there is not enough content, so many characters that could and should have been playable from what I've seen, but are not.More locations, more gameplay mechanics, etc.Graphics-wise, it's okay, your common console game graphics, nothing great on the computer but anyway, it could be worse.The gane has some problems and bugs but nothing game-breaking, can be annoying sometimes though, hit detection from titans can be really bad some times (he grabs you even though he didn't touch you at all) and some other problems like that, it is still a good game but Koei Tecmo should really start getting better, otherwise I'll just have to buy their games.7.7/10"
76561198326569547,Recommended,449800,33832218,Posted: 27 July,all,Kai,"I have yet to complete the  game (main reason being i was obsessed with leveling up Levi) but from what i have played,  it is a rather nice game with a fresh gameplay which grows on you after a little time. Your liking to the game on a personal level depends on how you liked the Anime. The game does justice to the story shown in the anime and the titans look equally terrifying. Controller strongly recommended, otherwise the keyboard controls are DAMN complex. If you are not that big of a fan or haven't watched the anime i recommend buying it in sale. This game can be a good stress reliever after exams(for me it is). Uhh.... yeah that’s alll Enjoy!"
76561198063466491,Recommended,449800,32209522,Posted: 5 June,all,FireDragonSlayer,"Jesus Christ this game is fun to play, especially for die-hard fans who have the determation to grind the end game.The game is about as close to real titan fighting as you can get! It might be a little overwhelming in the beginning, with the screen being quite busy with blood spatters and soldiers screaming at you and whatnot. But like with all games you will have that♥♥♥♥♥♥under control."
76561197966981826,Recommended,449800,34738263,Posted: 4 September,all,Seti,"Great game, really recreates the feel of the anime/manga. A blast to play, even after 80+ hours and 100% completion. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys the anime or likes dynasty warriors style games where you fly around with hookshots cutting limbs off titans."
,Recommended,449800,25295280,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,.mkev,"Aside from the use of external softwares to correct the mismapped controller situation (Or the matter that this game is *not* mouse compatible at the moment), the current state of the game is highly enjoyable for anyone that is a fan of the series.The only real turn offs are the price and the case where the current version of the game has issues maintaining an online connection whilst your microphone is enabled.It currently has 2 gameplay modes:Attack Mode/True Attack Mode (Story/Harder Difficulty)Expedition Mode (Online/Offline Missions)Both of which are enjoyable to their own audience.The story itself follows the anime and manga closely enough to understand the jist of the plot (It does however advance past the anime into season 2).As for expedition mode, you can team up with friends and fellow-a-like to complete ""survey"" missions and ""expeditions"", which are essentially side jobs which don't affect the story, but act as a filler.The game does have 2 leveling systems, one for individual characters (Capping at 7), and one for the corps (Capping at 100).By completing story missions, survey missions, or expeditions; you increase both by an amount determined by how well you performed.Increasing the level of a character, will *not* increase your stats (Damage, Speed, Etc.) but however will unlock new abilities (E.G. Eren,upon reaching a certain level will unlock the ability to transform into a titan for a certain amount of time, slaying enemies and completeing tasks will increase the time temporarily.).Leveling your corps level will allow one to purchase new materials from NPCS as well as unlock new blueprints to create better equipment (Blades, Scabbards, OMD) to use on the field.You can also unlock canon outfits for your characters by completing story missions (opposed to those acquired exclusively through DLC purchases).As for combat, it's just as you'd expect it to be; fast-paced. Flying around and through buildings in a matter of seconds to reach an SOS call half way across the city is always fun. And incase you happen to die during online-play there is a resurrection system in-which one of your squadmates must come to your rescue.It allows for newer players to take things slow while rewarding experienced players with the rush of mobbing a pack of 5 or more titans at a time.**To Summarize:**Pros:Fast PacedCanonGood Graphics (Cartoony/Anime Style)Constant Fair to Good FPS (45-60)Encourages Co-operative PlayCustomizability of Outfits and GearVariety of Titans Big and Small to reapMultiple Characters from the story to choose fromHarambe TitanDevelopers actually listen when there are issues to be resolvedNeutrals:Leveling SystemYou become a mindless Titan slaying animal after a whileHUD is a tad big for smaller monitorsCons:Price is a bit highExpected ""just released title"" bugs and iffy online hostingOnline currently has conflictions with microphone usageOnly current option for resolution is 1080pBoss situations aren't too unique compared to finding a strong titan in the fieldCurrently almost unplayable with a keyboardWould **ONLY** suggest purchasing if you have a controller available (Until mouse support is added)"
,Recommended,449800,33173160,Posted: 3 July,all,yelroc,"Is it fun? Yes.Is it worth $60?  No.Is it worth $30?  Yes.The game is really easy.  Both the skill floor and skill ceiling are low.The game is a little grindy due to upgrading gear.  I think that's a mechanic this game could have done without.The UI could have been less than what it is, and the kill message each time you kill a titan is annoying.  I wish there was an option to turn it off.The game does a good job of being cool.All buildings are destroyable which is also cool.If I had never played ""Attack on Titan Tribute Game"" then I would probably have a glowing review of AoT Wings of Freedom."
,Recommended,449800,25317801,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Impossible,"This game is wonderful. I've had steam frineds who have given up trying to play it because the controls are rubbish. You do need to have a controller in order to enjoy this game. In my game, the controls are converted for some reason. Pressing B would be like pressing Y. However, I've gotten used to this, ignoring the onscreen prompts and clicking the button that would be the result of it. If this happens to you, just muck around with the control bindings until it suits you. Despite the strange button incidents, I am absolutely enjoying this game.I would recommend this to any A.O.T fans out there, and even those who don't have an interest in the series. It is emmensly fun.EDIT:The latest update has fixed the controls and now runs really smoothly. Still think you need a controller, however."
,Recommended,449800,32799817,Posted: 25 June,all,Drunk3n_Axel,"Suprisingly fun gameplay.  Controls are easy to learn and after first hour you will be zipping around and slicing titan with ease.  Extremely satifsying to slice titan's body parts, and go in for the finishing move just like in the anime.  Speaking of which, the story follows exactly whats in the first season.  You will switch between Eran, Mikasa, Armin, and Levi during the main campaign. You unlock characters to play in exhibitions as you proceed w/ the story.  Each characters has their strength ane weaknesses.  For example Armin is pretty week vs  titans but he has great leadership so he orders teammates during battle to attack his current selected targets.  It is extremely fun and easy to issue commands to your teammates.The game has a max resolution of 1080P@60fps.  Normally this is a big issue with my ultra wide monitor but the game does a great job of filling my screen with no side black border and looks good during in game cutscenes and movies.  It is cell shaded so even at 1080P it still looks pretty good in full screen mode on a 3440X1440P monitor.  I was expecting it to look horrible and jaggy but it looks fine.  I have not encountered any crashes and games runs at solid 60fps.If you enjoyed season 1 you will really enjoy this game.  It feels, looks and plays very much like the anime.  even if you dont' play online, the single player is worth it if you enjoyed season 1 but pick it up during a steam sale.  You will have hours of fun killing titans"
,Recommended,449800,31680553,Posted: 11 May,all,Gaming Pikachu,"The Story Mode in this game was same as the animethe control is not very difficult ,if u play this game by using controllerAnd this game is quite challenging , because u can do side mission while doing main missionAnd the story line is very longConclusion: This Game is awesome (Recomended)Must Play"
,Recommended,449800,25708509,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ti Rone - stidler.com,Super satisfying third person spiderman-esk gameplay.Grappling and boosting through the city is super fun and fighting those ol titans just as enjoyable but can get tedious over time.They did a fantastic job reanimating most of the anime. Really great to watch through the story again.Is locked at 60FPS. Haven't looked up if I can remove that.Recommend 8/10 - Paid £50 for this game
,Recommended,449800,31891069,Posted: 21 May,all,OlivenDK,"You are basically Spiderman with swords. You swing around killing giant, genderless beings that look absolutely ridiculous while they chase you. Levi is still a badass and Armin is still a wuss. It's Attack On Titan. What's not to like?The game has some bugs and unfortunately, some bad missions. It's also kinda repetitive if you play in long sessions. But overall a very solid game. Would be much better though, if the poeple in escort missions moved faster or didn't die as easily. I sometimes found myself with no time to comeplete the side missions, because I had to escort an important squad."
76561198120451525,Recommended,449800,31374268,Posted: 26 April,all,Rick Harrison,"Cool game, pretty repetitive, but in a good way. If you liked the anime you will like the game too. Only problem are the controls. Play with a controller and you will be fine."
,Recommended,449800,25594873,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BlackLabel2021,"Oh man, this game is so satisfying. I have to play it in bursts, because like some of the other reviews written here, the combat can become slightly repetitive. Cutting the arms or legs for extra resources and then having your team focus on the nape every time out can get a little... well, repetitive.All in all, though, this game is fantastic. The voice acting is phenomonal, art style is fantastic and saving everyone under attack actually feels like it matters.I thought 60 bucks would be a little steep for what I would get, but man, I'm glad I bought it. This game is great."
76561198065358350,Recommended,449800,34911519,Posted: 12 September,all,DOA,"Make sure you have a ps4 or xbox controller hookup, keyboard is not viable to play with."
,Recommended,449800,25251539,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Profile Name,"""hey thats pretty good"""
,Not Recommended,449800,25158953,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,digiamb,"Mouse not supported. No auto camera rotation, so i have to rotate it manually with keyboard keys.Edit : I somehow managed to work around that by mapping the ""camera left"" and ""camera right"" keys to replace the usual ""move left"" and ""move right"" keys.Thant way when pressing the left arrow key for me, the camera rotates left, and the  character follows where the camera is pointed. Makes the game playable at least, even though the best would be to connect a xbox controller."
76561198118664657,Recommended,449800,25356794,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Tearytadpole960,can be very buggy at first but once you get the kinks worked out prepare for one of the best attack on titan games of all times
76561198050533347,Not Recommended,449800,28315498,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SteveScrub,"Huge fan of the anime and was happy to see the story play out again as you progressed through the game. Control was relatively easy and you can feel pretty badass. However the lack of enviorments, the grinding to get anything and as it oft repeated the lack of people in multi-player queues make this basically a grindy single player game after a spectacular but rather short story."
76561198076552542,Recommended,449800,25612105,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,~Nutkun7993~,"Another action game from Koei. This time a game uses Hajime Isayama's popular Japanese manga series known as Attack on Titan. In the world humanity is driven to an extinction by a giant humanoid creature, human calls them ""Titan"", they're devouring human without mercy and reason. There, the last survivor of humanity built three walls to hold off against titan. A tragedy and drama start from there once again when an outermost wall, Wall Maria, is destroyed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Glr1Kbrn9AA quick look in gameplay video, I have a bunch of them you can check a playlist here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqDGaRXCzaXoz2H2EHl79dkIPQQMvDbliAn excellent game. You will get every feeling of what Attack on Titan has always been with your own hand this time. Now you're the ones using a ODM, a blade, every movements in this series now under your control. You also have to select a handful of playable characters from selection menu and then you fly into battlefield with your own customized Omni-Directional Mobility Gear and Blades, and if one person is not enough, you can take up to 3 friends to join on subjugation the titans in numerous survey corp missions in free mode!For gameplay side, Koei has been famous about hack and slash game, you're playing as one people, picking some weapon and go score over 1000 KO counts per stage. However Attack on Titan is different, now you're instead taking time killing some titan with well timing grab and attack. A Large Scale Battle is still there, while you're busy with just a handful titans, several allies and titans also fighting somewhere on a battlefield, your allies will survive the battle or not is up to your action. To kill titan, you have to aim at their weakness, their nape, but go directly into their nape sometime is too risky, in that case you also have an option to cut their arms or legs first, this will give you enough time to finish them off. Of course every actions cost resource, Gas can be run out and your blade becomes dull after several usage, gas is a crucial resource, without gas you're as good as dead and even you have it without blade you can't kill any titan, you have an opportunity to resupply just like in anime, there's limited Logisticians scatter all over the battlefield, this is what make Attack on Titan different than other Koei action game, now you're tied by resource and you can't survive without them empty.So you know how to kill titan, but how to win? Each Mission has a main goal or main missions which you have to complete them to win. Most of times, there're also side missions from across the battlefield, these missions are optional but it's very benefit to do them, some reward you with strong allies joining as teammate like Levi or Mikasa, some reward you with supplies, increasing your chance to win a game. It does get repetitive after a while because this is the only way human can fight titan they don't invest any other mean to defeat them yet, those gameplays are very satisfied nonetheless. After every missions you will be rewarded with materials which are needed to customize your gears for further performance, and for harder incoming missions.Talking about gears, there're a lot of them, each has different looks and stats. It's up to you to choose which best for your character or what you're prefering. Characters also have different abilities and skills, they may play like a same but there're also different things about them that make certain thing easier than playing with other characters. Armin, for example he can order his teammates to attack, he can also carry a lot more items than other, they're what make up for his lack of strength etc.A standard mode is actually easy to understand and get through it however hard mode in which unlocked after completing a story mode once will be different, Titan will now has super high HP and both of your Gas and Blade has higher consumption rate so they run out faster. So far this mode is only replayability and for completionist who aim to do 100% achievement. True Attack Mode is its name, you will get to replay story mode again but with step up in difficulty and a more active Titan AI.Graphic has its charm of what Anime Attack of Titan looks like, if not exactly a same. OSTs, however doesn't use an anime version so they're all entirely new, I do like some of them, overall are good enough and fit a theme.I totally recommend it for any Attack on Titan fan, it's a gold for them."
,Recommended,449800,25166466,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BigBoyBun,"uh oh, the screaming child is back in full HD 3D glory and this time, he... is still shouting. Alot.(STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU USE A CONTROLLER AS ITS SWEET AS HELL WHEN YOU DO)remember spiderman 2? the game? how youd spend 80% of the (who am i kidding, you spent 100% of the game) just flinging around with ye web shooters? this game feels like that again except this time the rest of the game is also really fun.THIS GAME ACTUALLY CONTROLS WELL LIKE WHO WOULDVE THUNK IT?I remember playing the AoT fangame and thinking the controls were clunky (mainly due to my own lack of skill), but the controls in this game easy to learn and not very difficult to master! You could argue that the fan games controls are better in this sense as there isnt really a ""skill cap"" and its more skill based compared to the more automatic controls of this game, but for those of you (like me) who struggled on the fan game its reassuring to know that you can still pull of some sweet chain kills in this one.If you're skeptical about this game but want to try something similar go ahead and play the fan game first, and if you like what you see then you should think about grabbing this game (preferably while on sale, as the games main story only goes as far as the anime), its got multiplayer too so invite some friends!good job, my dudes"
,Not Recommended,449800,32876007,Posted: 27 June,all,AnFangsEndes,"Great game, horrible port. If you have access to a PS4, buy that version instead.PC port is based off of the PS3 version of the game, and still performs badly on modern hardware despite that.  Has a decent looking grass effect, but it doesn't have an actual graphics option for it, and instead seems to render off of the decision of RNG and at incredibly rare odds; I had it render one time, after about 60 hours of play, and then never again after that.  Graphics options are poor in general; after some research I found that the only way to force better anti-aliasing requires hash-editting that makes it incompatible with legitimately purchased copies, so while it doesn't have performance-eating DRM that locks you out of your purchase because you upgraded your RAM, at least us legitimate customers still get the worse experience, and that's what really matters.  I honestly expect that in a few years when PS3 emulation really gets going, that you'll be able to get better performance emulating the PS3 version of this game on PC than playing the actual PC port.The core game itself is great, some of the most fun I've had in a while, and even presented good challenge at times.  It deserves a better PC version than this.  Please get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, Koei Tecmo.Also the Mikasa sundress DLC isn't individually purchaseable, and is only available if you buy the big costume bundle DLC that costs more than the actual game does during a sale, and that's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198043884896,Recommended,449800,25212630,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JUST_A_PUG,"This review focuses on control aspects of the game, more broadly on its performance with a keyboard, though I do touch on other elements of AoT WoF.  There seems to be tons of gameplay content, most of which I've only began to dive into.  The game seems good enough visually; I'm sure some will say it could look nicer.  The uniqueness of maneuver gear (in combat) is what really makes this game shine... amongst an awesome plotThis game is great.  After a little bit of time, you really get the hang of the control scheme \ omni-directional maneuver (ODM) gear.  It feels exactly like it should.  I'm playing on keyboard, too.  The game does not support mouse, which I initially thought would hamper my experience, but I might actually be greatful for it now... I didn't use the original control scheme.  I didn't eventryto use the original control scheme.  I looked at it and nearly vommited.  It took me about 10 minutes +/- 5 to get the controls to what I thought were pretty comfortable/almost intuitive.  Since intially setting the controls up, I think I've only changed one or two binds, mainly when I was introduced to new concepts when using the ODM gear (combat mode, changing attack/mount points on one targe, changing targets, boost straving, etc).  I think things are pretty perfect now, and I've put just under 9 hours into the game.  It honestly feels really smooth 99% of the time.  Very rarely the camera can be a little quirky, which I'll touch on below; I think that's maybe the only real caveat of the control/camera scheme.  I've never been a huge fan of controllers (a rant I will save), so I genuinely think I'd choose this keyboad layout over the a controller, if I had one available.  I've been playing on hard, the hardest setting, and get rank S frequently.To touch a little more on keyobard vs. controller... The attack scheme seems to fit a keyboard quite nicely.  You target a titan, and can scroll through the different points of attack.  You can also scroll through other titans in the near vicinity, also.  When not in combat mode, traveling around uses general cardinal directions to find mounting points for the ODM gear.  Honestly, nothing really requires analog input, and I sincerely think it might make it harder in some scenarios.The game itself... feels like nothing else.  NothingI'veever played, anyhow.  Buzzing through a town or forest, see a pack of titans, make a quick plan... skip the first, circle around the second really high, swing down.... its amazing. The maneauver gear feels exaclty like it should during battles, though sometimes long commutes can be a little cumbersome with the camera, but there might be a solution for that, but its really not too bad.  Little stuff will grab my attention, like my horse getting caught on a ledge; so maybe smaller things could have been polished more, but I'm really happy with the way it plays.  If you've not read the manga or watched the anime, there are going to be lots of spoilers, but I imagine that's expected.  You can really get into it too.My keyboard exclusive control scheme is a little similar to UnKnown's, posted earlier, but there are some major differences.  I did not try the one UnKnown posted, so it might work great for me - or for you.  The one below was one I cam up with quickly, so I imagine it works best for me.  It took me maybe 10 minutes before I was buzzing around.N.P. = full keyboard number pad (right side, in a grid)ActionKeyboardFire AnchorN.P. 5AttackSpace BarJump/BoostN.P. 0ActionEReset Camera/Switch Combat TargetN.P. EnterToggle Combat ModeN.P. +Toggle MapN.P. -Decisive Battle SignalQPerform Gesture/Tips and TricksRPauseF1ForwardWRightNumpad 6BackwardSLeftN.P. 4Camera UpN.P. 8Camera RightDCamera DownN.P. 2Camera LeftAUse Item2Select Item Right3Change Team ObjectiveFSelect Item Left1[/table]"
,Recommended,449800,30914872,Posted: 2 April,all,Saboteur,"i thought the game was very fun!i originally play on an 870m gtx, i had a little bit of trouble figuring out how to optimise it but after a bit of tweeking it worked fine. now in a 1070 gtx. it runs like a dream.i feel like the combat is fluid and smooth, but can get a little repetative.the story runs through the first season of the anime.the only real con i have is that the voice acting is only in Japanese. with english subs. it would be nice to have some english dub.worth a buy, when on sale."
,Recommended,449800,25203609,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zebani,"I needed to update my review, they fixed the mic problem :Dthe game has only one major problemonline mode crashes when u, or another player talks on the mic.There are some people having different problems.Let me remidn you before you but , start the gmae on windows 7 compability mode.it si great , chopping of titans feels awesome"
,Recommended,449800,25159876,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lennonzilla123,I don't get why people are saying this is bad...The game is really good so far. The controls are a bit weird but you can change them.
,Not Recommended,449800,25158331,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rice and Chicken,"Crashed four times in twenty minutes. No mouse for camera, PC controls are horrible. Controller controls are messed up as well.The game seems fun, but too many negative aspects for this PC port. If you have a console, get it on there."
,Recommended,449800,34157899,Posted: 10 August,all,Gamerwolfseven,"Surprisingly well. The grinding can be a little intense, but so far the game is good."
,Recommended,449800,25334407,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,n1ckn4m3,"Fun game, does a great job giving you spiderman-style mobility with the Omnidirectional gear.  Killing titans is fun and satisfying, gobs of blood and gore covering you when you've finished.Overall, it's like Dynasty Warriors from a ""control these points/kill these things on the map to secure the overall objective"" game with large scale battles, but with combat that is far more satisfying and far less repetitive."
,Recommended,449800,33365896,Posted: 8 July,all,M.A.R.K,"God damnit, this game...good attack on titan game,the OMD gear feals quite nice.story is also fairly decentand multiplayer with friends is funIssues:multiplayer has team speak, that can't be turned off in gameevery in game cutscene DOESN'T PAUSE THE GAME, little example why this pisses me off, say you're flying towards a group of abnormal titans -around 4-5- you kill one and hook to another, and at that point the game tells you ""erwins group has appeared"" and take the controls away from you, when the game returns, you are surrounded by titans, on the floor, in red mode (where you can't run/jump), you die, and thats all that can happenmust be said that last problem didn't affect ""attack mode"" since the titans weren't a real threat. but i'm in ""true attack mode"" which gives the whole titans are a ""threat to humainity"", problem still stands"
,Recommended,449800,25939193,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheVaultMartyr,"Very good and engaging for the first 8-10 hours, then get's a bit grindy after you beat the season 1 story. But if you enjoy the mechanics like I do after that, it will be an endless source of entertainment."
76561198138199885,Recommended,449800,25930731,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"Incredibly well made game, although a bit buggy.Controls are bit hard to learn at first but definately worthwhile once you get used to it."
,Recommended,449800,25165800,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Beer Grills,"My experience fter 4 hours of play:Nice and fluid gameplay, flying around and killing titans just like in the anime feels amazingLooks like a lengthy campaign, according to game I'm 18% finished after closing the hole in TrostConstant 60fps on max settings (with gtx 780ti and i7 4771)Not a Single crash (using win7 compatability mode as the game recommends)(Steam)-Controller works perfectly (who plays games like this with m+kb anyways)Lack of v-sync and AA is kinda annyoingWould definitely recommend this to everyone who likes Attack on Titan. Nice way to rewatch the story in preparation for season 2 next year."
,Not Recommended,449800,32841904,Posted: 26 June,all,Knil,"Terrible PC port. Mic always enabled in multiplayer, resolution capped to 1080p, no mouse support."
,Recommended,449800,25163162,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Vyktar,"The only real problem I have with this game so far is the framerate. I'm running a fairly outdated, albiet not bad, rig at his point, so I think it's safe to say that it's more then likely my hardware that can't keep up with this game, rather then it be unoptimized. Of course, there's still a possiblity that the game is just unoptimized considering it is a Koei Techmo Game.The game has strange but also interesting control scheme, it feels combersome at first, but since the controls can just remapped, it should be find after I give it more time. I should note I played on a controller and NOT KB+M.Combat is fairly simple, you lock on to a titan, select to attack one of his 4 limb or his nape and then the game flings you towards it.It's pretty much all just based on timing, there isn't really any attack spamming, which I really like because I feel like there's a slight learning curve with the controls and gameplay. It's unique and taking down multiple titans in a row feels exicting and rewarding.Story is just the mangas stripped down, they skip some fluff for gameplay sake.I could complain that the game is overpriced, but it's still a solid fun game. I'd say if your a HUGE SNK FAN, you'll love this game no matter what I say, if your PC can handle it.I'll come out with a video review at some point."
,Recommended,449800,25164210,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Miporin,"edit: formatings/typosI am very surprise on how Attack on Titan has been performed, knowing that KT who ruins several good games with low quality port already. 3 hours in, 0 ctd, 0 stutter, stable 60 fps (unless streaming/recording, that my rig is not enough to handle the stable fps during those on, but it still gives playable fps).This one shows the menu and tutorial mission.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=752230129I am playing on i5 4690k / ram 8gb / gtx 970.Here is my initial impression so far:Graphic & FX[ ★★★★☆ ]Nothing special or ground-breaking, but it is faithful to the original arts. If you love original anime-style graphic/fx, you won't be disappointed with this console port. There are some neat small details that you can notice too.Although, this can be a negative for some with monster PC, who want 4k/120fps+ etc, as it is currently limited to 1080p/60fps. For us, average PC, this is more than enough. There are some settings available for PC, not the detailed setting, but better than many previous KT's port.Controls[ ★★★☆☆ ]It is not very PC friendly, no mouse support, barely playable with KB, but not impossible, as it is very weird to use those controls scheme on non-controller. I would recommended getting the controller though. I have tried playing with KB, it is not as bad as I feel it would be, but it is more suitable for controller for sure. You can change the binding too.Another point to note is that some might have turned off with the no-mouse-support thing, but imho, the game is designed from the ground-up to use the auto lock-on/auto camera-snap not a free-aim/free-camera as found in common PC games.Gameplay[ ★★★★☆ ]It is fun, and satisfying so far from my initial experience. Though I can clearly see how the repetitiveness will turn some player off. It is basically Titan killing simulator that you do the same thing over and over, but in different situtation.I will be updating this after more hours in, but as it is, I would recommended those who interested in this title to try it out."
,Not Recommended,449800,25221822,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Real HecticHabib,"Don't get me wrong this game is good but this game is not worth the $50 it currently is and if you are Australian like I am it is actually around $65.Pros:-Graphics is good-Combat is amazing-Great for weeaboos-Fun story ModeCons:-Crashes-Was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port-Lots of issues with using controllers/Impossible to use keyboard and Mouse-repetitive-The PriceOverall the game is good but the price just kills it, I however am not gonna lie if you have the money buy it, its worth the fun just don't expect too get 30 hours out of it."
,Not Recommended,449800,25179791,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ZeCaboose,"Game crashes repeatadly when attempting to do co op missions, either for the host or myself. Cannot get more than 30 seconds into the mission before one of us crash."
,Not Recommended,449800,34057356,Posted: 6 August,all,MW47,"Is the game fun? yes it is. Why am i thumbing it down? This entire port is horrible for pc. you just clearly see this is a console port, that hasn't been properly over worked for the pc. There are crashes, errorsAs fan of the series, i love it, but 56.- for a game that is not even PORPERLY PORTED it's not worth the full price and getting it to work without stuttering and frame drops takes a bit of research."
76561198128014676,Recommended,449800,29936693,Posted: 14 February,all,codesubir,Good Gameplay mechanicsThe game crashes on removing headset or any other audio device which it is using.
,Recommended,449800,29817475,Posted: 9 February,all,Kaine,"I wouldn't recommend this game to someone who hasn't watched the anime or read the manga. But it's anAMAZINGgame! The graphics and story line do not disappoint at all.I had some problems with my graphics card at the firt try but it was easy to solve and after that I had a lot of fun!Pros:+ The maps.+ Story line.+ Characters.+ Awesome targeting system.+ Co-op.+ Customizable gear.+ Good soundtracks.+ You feel like Spider-Man and Wolverine in the same time.Cons:- Graphic options.- Keyboard support.- The titans, they eat only humans.- You can't use your spider powers sometimes.9/10It's a very interesting experience in a unknown world infested by hungry Titans and few high skilled soldiers."
,Recommended,449800,29936649,Posted: 14 February,all,B2,"Highly recommend for fans of A.O.T.As a fan of the show, this has been a great way to play through the story. Wonderful, unique, violent hack 'n slash. Nothing is more gratifying than soaring through the trees and buildings and tearing titans to shreds!! Seems a good amount of replay value... I beat story mode in about 10 hours and still feel like there's way more to do.9/10 I'm ready for Season 2!!!!"
76561198274005698,Recommended,449800,25637289,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,mustlovehellhounds,"Absolutely fantastic! The only issues I've had so far was connecting my controller to my account, but that was a controller issue, not a game issue. It can get a smidgen repetitive, but the controls aren't the easiest and determining the best course of action based on your character's strengths and weaknesses definitely can prove challenging if you're really into that. Quick heads up that trying to manage all the controls in the beginning can be very difficult, but it's much easier fighting the actual titans in your first battle; after that, you'll have plenty of practice for the harder ones. Overall, I'm really loving it so far and would definitely suggest it to friends."
,Not Recommended,449800,25158698,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Riipperi,"Horrible port:-No support for >1080p resolutions, atleast it didn't let me select any even though I have a 1440p monitor-No VSYNC option, could be forced trough nvidia control panel though-Frequent crashing for many, didn't experience it myself during the 20min I played before saying f this and refundingEDIT: AA was apparently in the options, my mistake. Removed mention of it in the review"
76561198029515110,Recommended,449800,25162196,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DemonicScarab,"Had a bit of an FPS problem at first,reinstalled it and now its perfect.Only had about 3 hours in but the game plays beautifully. its fast paced,actiony and fun.Good Single player campeign,with a solid replay value through different equipment,costumes,character unlocks and Expidition mode!Recommend this game for Attack on titan fans,anime lovers and action game fans!"
76561198281569660,Recommended,449800,33950494,Posted: 1 August,all,jj28921012,"its good .. i like the jap dub with english sub..its like im watching an anime but my poroblem is, is there many people playing this game cause i dont find any people in online session?"
,Recommended,449800,28807188,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,attackonnicole,"Let me first say that, this game is great, expecially great if you love the anime, like me.I watched a youtuber named Cryaotic stream it and I liked it from the beginning. The game is awesome, slightly repetitive, but overall awesome. I bought it a few days ago since the Christmas sale is still going on, and got it for $35.99. I love the characters, the Titans, and the different blades, 3DMG's, and scabbards. (Expecially how they included the duster blade, which I found hilarious. It's not that effective, but I bought it anyway just to see Levi use it!).The only thing I disliked about it would be how repetitive it is, you basically see a cutscene, fight titans, fight the final titan boss, and then you get scored on it. I would also be cool to use more of the characters in the story mode, but I may take that statement back since I'm only at Chapter 3 out of 4. Seems like you only use Mikasa, Eren, Levi, and Armin. (Please don't give me Armin again, that whole time was a very slow and painful time.)Also, make sure that you have a controller. I tried it with and without the controller and well, the controller was so so much easier.It would be cool if it would be updated when Season 2 of the anime finally comes out. (Curse you Hajime Isayama!!)But overall, this game is great, I definitely recommend it to fellow fans of the anime and/or manga, or people who just find this game interesting."
,Recommended,449800,31205022,Posted: 17 April,all,Milton,还原度极高！粉丝必入手！
,Recommended,449800,25167121,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Black Templar,"If you like the universe of Shingeki no kyojin, this game is for you, it is very accurate to the content of the manga and very close to the anime look. The game itself it's really fun and satisfying.It is a good pc port too, in fact, i dare to say that this time the pc got the best version with a koei game (lets hope the Berserk game will run as good as this one).Currently playing with an i7 4790k, gtx 780 and 16 gb of RAM and the game runs pretty smooth at 60 fps.I truly recommend this game, specially for the fans of attack on titan."
76561198122086837,Recommended,449800,25867484,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Lynx,AWESOME GAME. can you guys make a DLC that adds reiner and annie? which also includes their shifter abilities. i would love to be other titan shifters instead of just eren
76561197999892992,Not Recommended,449800,25175835,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Noodle Bandit,"It's fun but not £41 (£50)fun. While I've always been looking forward to an properly polished Attack on Titan game, it just doesn't feel like there's enough in the game to justify that price. There are only 10 playable characters, the story only follows up to Attack on Titan's first season, a simple weapons/equipment customization and lack luster multiplayer. While the game is decent fun and helps quench that Attack on Titan action thirst I just can't bring myself to keep this game with the amount I've spent. Playing 30 minutes was enough for me to realize the game just wasn't worth it's price especially when you can probably grab 2 recent titles for around the game price.Of course this is all my own opinion but I'd be cautious with this title. You can always get the game and play up to 2 hours before deciding wherever you keep the game or refund it."
,Recommended,449800,25164291,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rankhole,"I was really hyped for the game and got it right wenn it launched.I have to say: The game itself is great, and I have really been enjoying the story part of it so far! I rate it a 9/10.Now for the PC port...It is quite clear its not a great port. The fact that you are not even able to play with a mouse means I would NOT recommend playing/buying this game without a controller.On top of that, I was having a bunch of performance issues, even though having more than enough then the optimal requirements state. Right when I went into the first training mission and people started joining in, I got around 10-20 fps, horrible, not playable.However, I fixxed this issue with the following steps:- Go into Steam library -> Rightclick the game -> settings -> startup options -> type in ""-high -refresh 144 -freq 144"" - REPLACE 144 WITH YOUR MONITORS REFRESHRATE!Also it helped turning down shadow quality for me. And for smothness, turn down motion blur aswell...who plays with that :D.Another challenge was even getting the game to recognizing my controller. Im using a speedlink controller that literally worked in any game I have played so far - here, it simply did not want to. I got myself Xpadder (you can also get free Programs that do the same if you google a little), which essentially lets you register the Keys seperetaly. Just set up the Keys (YouTube helps a lot), and you are done, the controller works just fine! I would imagine this works with ANY controller that normally does not work.Now to the Game itself: (will be updated once I played the multiplayer)The Story mode is pretty strait forward Attack on Titan. Throughout the game you play as different characters - but share the same ""inventory"". You can get items from killing titans in a certain way (cut of leg 1, arm 2 etc.)  and from just beating the levels. The better you performed, the better your Skill Rating will be, which goes up to S. Getting S also gives you a lot of benefits (exclusive/rare items).The items themselves can be used to craft new gear. There are 3 types: the blades, the ""gas canister"" and the machine for the ""roping"" system. Once you bought a certain gear, you can upgrade it with more ingame currency and items (I was playing on normal and I think I would be easily fine with hard difficulty, I pretty much always have enough minerals).The way you move around is very cool in the game. The maps are pretty big, but feel easy to roam through, since your 3D manuver gear is very fast and easy to learn.Fighting the titans so far, I think they are a little bit ""weak"" / ""dumb"" for my taste. It was relatively easy for me to slash through them. Although some of the levels were quite challanging, did not manage to get the S rank right away. (also, didn't check on hard difficulty yet)So overall, a little TLDR:Positives:- Great Gameplay & Story (that is if you liked the anime) (this is pretty much the strongest point!)- Running ~smooth~ with a little bit of fiddlingNegatives:- Poor port with hard system requirements and no good controls for PC (don't even try without controller)- Controllers not being detected (external programs help)- Weird ""blackscreens"" between loading cutscenes (not when loading the next map)- Requieres a lot of setup before you are able to play the game and enjoy itStill, the positive(s) outweigh the negatives for me. Great game and certainly a must have for Attack on Titan enthusiasts/fans!9/10."
76561198061927679,Recommended,449800,25163116,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,iBe ImmorTaLiiTy ✅,"I have to say, my favorite anime of ALL times (Believe me, I've seen alot... ALOT!) is Attack on Titan.The characters, the action, the story, the art.. it's 99/10 in the anime. So this might be a fanboy review, but you can decide that for yourself.When I read the reviews I was scared this would run like♥♥♥♥♥♥and it would dissapoint me. Me as a fanboy just couldn't resist and I had to buy it, regardless of what reviewson steam say. After playing it I gotta say, they were totally wrong. 0 crashes, steady FPS, no bugs or weird glitches or whatever. It is exactly as how I imagined this game. It's perfect for a fan of the anime easy as that.Now if you didn't watch the anime, be careful, there are some cutscenes that just dive right into the story and without knowing the anime (Or manga for that matter) you just miss alot of points about what they're talking about. Still, it's not a huge deal cus you can still kinda understand it.I reccomend this for EVERYBODY who watched the anime (And of course enjoyed itg)For people who didn't or are not convinced ; Watch some gameplay videos in YouTube, what you see is what you get, so if you like what you see then get it if not then just don't bother!8/10 .. let season 2 come fast in 2017 so we can get the next game.. already HYPED!"
,Recommended,449800,27568902,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tigerninja44,"This game is awesome! It really feels like you are flying like in the anime series.  It actually reminds me of spiderman.  The multiplayer mode is in a way like toukiden but with larger stages and more enemies spawining at once, a different way of playing.  I would recommend this game especially to anime fans and also to others that want to try out an interesting type of game.  You can even learn a little about the anime from the game."
,Not Recommended,449800,25300285,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kyle700,"This game is pretty neat, but the controls are completely atrocious.  The a and b buttons are swapped with x and y, my right stick doesn't work in game, moving the camera requires you to use the shoulder buttons.  For a 60$ game this is incredibly unpolished."
76561197992069696,Not Recommended,449800,25317839,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,LucasSmarts,Awesome game but horrible port to the PC.
,Recommended,449800,32709292,Posted: 23 June,all,Elfezen,Kore Ijou No Jigoku Wa Nai Darou To ShinjitakattaSaredo Jirui Saiaku No Hi Wa Ytsumo Toutotsu NiTobira O Tataku To Wa Taezu Hidoku MusaboreManugareta Saiaku No Hi Wa Akumu No You NiSugishi Hi O Aragau MonoYatsura Wa Kuchiku Subeki Teki DaAno Hi No Unmei Ga Oni Hitomi DeOretachi O MitsumeteitaNani O Sutereba Akuma O OshinokeruInochi Sae Tamashii SaeKesshite OSHIKU KOENAISASAGEYO! SASAGEYO! SHINZOU O SASAGEYO!SUBETE NO GISEI WA! IMA KONO TOKI TO NAME NI!SASAGEYO! SASAGEYO! SHINZOU O SASAGEYO!SUSUMU BEKI MIRAI WO!SONO TO DE KIHIRAAAKEEEEEEEE!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CID-sYQNCew
,Recommended,449800,26429803,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,snudion,"This game is a fine little time waster for when you just want to kill giant silly looking dudes, visually it looks like a decent interpretation of the anime, the gameplay is fun but I would advise to play it only in short bursts because it does get very repetitive.Do not play this game with a keyboard, a controller is required to enjoy this, the keyboard controlls are terrible and there is no way to change them.It's a decent mindless game, not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination but i'm glad I played it, I am very conflicted about it's price however, I would advice to wait for a sale, if it ever gets a sale seeing as how this is a koei tecmo game and they rarely ever go on sale, I would give it a 7.5, decent, but there are better games out there for the money."
,Not Recommended,449800,25165902,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shenpai,"The game for most people works but I for one have not been so favorable. Until a fix comes for the instability of the game. I would consider taking a gamble on the game if your system can handle it.Even if your system can then handle it you'd also have to go through the myriad of glitches and bugs that dwells within. Proceed with caution...Otherwise the games content has been great so far from my friends actually playing the game!If you're a hardcore AOT fan that has been follwoing the content you'll definitely find that parts of the anime have been pulled and brought into the game.The animation is top notch and each of the battles are very thought out and feels super refreshing when you can cut down titans. It's as if you are really part of the actual battling.The only thing that I would point that would probably bother some people would be the repetition of side quests that one must do to progress further. This in itself could prove bothersome for most but if you can get over that then honestly the game is blast to play through.The Co-op.. I cant say for sure but people who can get it working will probably find that it will be an enjoyable experience. For me personally, I can't vouch for that because of the buggy way it handles the co-op experience.Overall, as said earlier if you can get through the hurdles that this port has, you'll find a phenomenal experience overall and the game itself will definitely cater to veterans and perhaps new comers alike. It definitely pays homage to the series that everyone has come to love!"
76561198073191857,Not Recommended,449800,25175068,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Picaro Persona,"It's definitely fun. But, I'm not too sure that it's worth the price it's listed, all things considering.First off, when you go to start up the game, it tells you then and there that the game has to be run in Windows 7 Compatibility Mode. That, by itself, is already kind of weird.Secondly, I dunno if it just bothers me, or if other people hate this too. But, every time you load up AoT, it asks you if you want to play on Easy Mode and if you want Gore turned on or off. Any specific settings you had saved to a file are there, you just have to go to your Options, and Load that file for everything to kick in. So in the meantime, if you don't like insanely loud BGM and whatnot, you have it blaring at you anyways until you Load your previous save, and your preferred settings take over.On the game's store page, it says Full Controller Support. Every other game I have that says this, works perfectly fine with my Xbox 1 controller. And it was working, at first. Now the RT won't work, and yes it's only for the AoT game. It's not a button that's REALLY needed, but it would be nice to use my ""special"" attack or whatever. I'm hearing that the 360 controllers are a mess, and the keyboard controls are downright idiotic. (Is there really no mouse support?) Haven't heard anything good or bad about a Steam controller though. I'm guessing that's the preferred controller when it says Full Controller Support.The Attack Mode, is fun. So is the Expedition Mode, if you play by yourself. When trying to play with others, should anybody be picked up by a microphone, the game will crash. There is a way around it, by messing with your computer's Recording settings, and then going through the Steam settings, etc. etc. But honestly guys, that's a huge hassle, when there could just be a button in game that mutes the other players. Does such a button exist? No. So in the meantime, if you want to play with others, you just have to hope to the Gods above, that you don't hear a single peep in game. If you do, just accept your fate.You want to kill titans all by yourself? Want to live the life of Eren, Mikasa, Levi, etc? Then ok, this game is great.You want to team up with friends and coordinate attacks, taking down titans like they're nothing compared to your awesome powers? Then... It can still be done, but you need to take some other steps first.You want to take a gamble and team up with strangers, proving that you can all work together to overcome any obstacle? Then live in fear while you play."
,Recommended,449800,25394424,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,S3im0n @ Twitch,"RB,X,A,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,YRB,X,A,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,YThis is how i play this game would totally ""RB,X,A,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y,Y"" again!This game is awesome btw!"
,Not Recommended,449800,25159930,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Pek,"- No mouse support.- Terrible control scheme.Its another port that is ported because of the hype and graphics. There has been no alterations in format and litterally everything is done with your keyboard.--------------------------------------------------------Alright. So. I got a controller and gave it another shot. The game actually playes really solid now. The controls are still a bit iffy but with some rebindings its fixed. The only issue I am having is that litterally 2 our of the 3 friends that have it and want to play it with me get randon crashes.So. Unless they get their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥and optimalize it /properly/ for PC usage (Yes -  I'm looking at you Win7 compatibilty mode), they still get a thumbs down.Fix. Your.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,449800,25258694,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,neyv,Finally it's done right. AND I HAVE WAITED.Fast-paced Titan slaying action omg plz can't ask for more.If you love the anime then this is a MUST. Trust me on this one.Pros:- Characters (different skills and stats)- Fast-paced smooth constant 60 fps- Leveling system for all characters and an overall rank as well- Story mode straight from the anime- MultiplayerCons:- Needs a controller (no mouse support). But it's amazing to play with- Multiplayer crash bug with in-game mic (devs are aware and will probably fix). There is a workaround though
76561198077475169,Recommended,449800,25179790,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wild Arcanine,"[Work in Progress, will update as more gameplay occurs]Pro's:Runs for the most part smooth-some issues with the v-sync but nothing major-Ariel battle is quite funWorks well with controllerNo crashingNormal mode has just the right amount of challenge -Rankings Total So far: S S S A-+/- You don't get as much character interaction, as they skip the small moments for the bigger+/- Not alot of gore, even without gore turned on+/-If you're looking to get into the AOT story, READ THE MANGA, or WATCH THE ANIME, you're going to be missing a LOT of back info if you just play thisCon's:Mostly camera-Some issue fighting in the towns. When you're in buildings trying to attack, camera goes crazy.Rotates too fast sometimes, making you lose tract of characterGrapples sometime go full idiotmode, causing you to not fully clear areas -may be just me being bad-"
76561198102872598,Recommended,449800,28987104,Posted: 3 January,all,Levi,"Okay, while it’s far from one of the greatest games ever made, and the PC port is an impertinent mess without the aid of a controller (preferably Xbox 360), fans of the series can rejoice in a solid interactive recreation of the anime consisting of great gameplay, flawless animations, and an awesome musical score.The difficulty levels fade pretty quickly once you acclimate to the mechanics, however playing as certain characters can prove to be rather challenging in certain situations (the first time you encounter the Female Titan you have to incapacitate her as Armin for crying out loud). The separate strengths and weaknesses of each character lead for some surprisingly diverse playability, and once you unlock ‘true attack mode’ your strategic approach towards completing objectives can become far more intricate. Not to mention that the fluidity in the manoeuvres of the 3D gear is just immense.The gameplay front is where the game excels, as it certainly doesn’t capture the emotion and ambitious narrative thrusts of the original story. However, in all fairness if you are purchasing an ‘Attack on Titan’ video game, you likely want to get straight to the action and the product delivers in that regard, and with all this in mind I would consider the game to be one explicitly aimed at fans.Overall, the admission price is unjustifiable and in all good conscience I can’t say that you would be getting your money’s worth. Maybe I’m just biased since I enjoyed the game more than I can call it objectively good. But if it’s ever on a decent offer, or you’re just a borderline obsessive fan of the anime such as myself (as you may have noticed I have played for an abnormal number of hours), then by all means pick this one up.-	7/10"
,Recommended,449800,30042114,Posted: 19 February,all,Drakersen,"The game is good, the omni directional tool gives an even greater effect than when i played spiderman when i was a kid, the animations are smooth and look really cool, fighting against titans that are alone is pretty easy, but it's also fairly easy to one shot them, the game encourages you to take down their kneecaps and elbows for crafting materials but still after a while sometimes you just prefer to take down a titan instantly than farming the goodies, the crafting adds a bit of xustomization and there are some really cool weapons and gear, even while not doing a lot of kneecap farming i was able to get some decent weapons, the gamestyle is that of dynasty warriors, random objectives poppin out during the mission, mini boss battles which are just titans with bigger ressistance kneecaps and that sometimes require you to turn them into a potato with no legs or arms to take them down, the story is the same as season 1 and two with some extra bits on the story which is really cool and appreciated, still the main story i was able to finish in 8 hours and even tho it made me feel so badass it was really short. after you finish the story you can do exploration missions but they dont feel as great as playing the main storyoverall it's a good game, the graphics are good, the gameplay makes you feel like a badass although it's kind of repetitive and the story is short, horse riding feels clunky just like in any dinasty warriors game.pick up this game when it's on sale, at the time of this review it goes as far as 50% discount quite often, it's a good game to play over a weekend specially if you have watched the anime, i watched the anime before getting it and i can stay the story would have made no sense after all, and the feeling of playing the anime story is really good."
76561198066475284,Recommended,449800,30046625,Posted: 19 February,all,e4,"I'm a fan of Feng Lee's AOT tribute game, so was extremely skeptical about Wings of Freedom.I regret waiting so long to pick it up!The combat and movement are fluid and exhilarating, and the mechanics are really fun to pick up and master.The leveling and gearing are a bit grindy, but that doesn't bother me at all when slaying titans is so ridiculously satisfying!You'll probably curse at your horse on more than one occasion, and it can be difficult (especially at first) to follow your own movements when there's a lot happening on the screen and around your character, both in terms of titans/NPCs/buildings crashing down, as well as a LOT of UI elements that can seem a little too 'busy' at times.There are issues with voice chat in multiplayer, but some quick searching around the guides/google can help with that.Overall, the game has some quirks that are easily solved (or ignored), but the gameplay is so fun and gratifying that I'm able to easily overlook the flaws.  $60 is a little steep, but highly recommend on sale.Controller EXTREMELY recommended (though some people have worked out how to play on keyboard/mouse, I would look into that before thinking about playing without a controller)"
76561198058818113,Recommended,449800,25170205,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DeviatePanda,"Pros:+Nailed the Anime's art style+Silky Smooth 60fps+Slice Titans with friends+Faithful following of the Anime/Manga's story+Very intuitive targeting systemCons:-Keyboard and Mouse aren't fully supported-Limited graphics optionsHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is a videogame. I don't remember having this much fun with a game in a long time. Silky smooth 60fps and the cel-shading looks beautiful, the developers definitely captured the look of the anime.Controls can take some getting used to, I'm playing with a Dualshock 3 just fyi. I am kinda disappointed in the poor keyboard controls, but I was spoiled from the 2 fan games that let you fire hooks individually and that wouldn't work very well on controller so I understand. Quite the difficulty spike when you start Mikasa's missions though so anyone playing be prepared for that. I have full faith in Omega-Force to deliver on the Berserk game now.Also, I heard that running the game in Windows 7 compatability cuts down on almost all crashes, none experienced here though."
,Recommended,449800,34004857,Posted: 3 August,all,Hogey,"Not gonna talk about the actual anime, just about the game since everyone knows what this is based off of.But as a game itself it's immensely satisfying to play, flying around on the omni-directional mobility gear is like if spider man was able to have nitrous installed.The way the game has you target different limbs on the titans to cripple them by the leg and make them less mobile or cut off their arms  to stop attacks makes it feel like variety is necessary in killing the titans, and feels a lot more like strategy than just flying from neck to neck.Though it issss a tad on the easy side, like you're not going to have any issue fighting multiple titans by yourself, on top of that you can have teammates (though unless you're Armin thery're mostly just tag alongs who comment on how great you are), and a last life kind of thing for you to escape before you're killed when your health is low.And one really important note:you need a controller!. Maybe not NEED since i'm sure a streamer will someday have a video of them playing this game with a baguette as a controller or something but for most average joes, a keyboard is just too fustrating to play it as a game.Overall though, really fun game and a perfect pic for whenever you're bored and just wanna cut♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
76561198106962830,Recommended,449800,25326940,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dad,"This game is fantastic, I love being able to fly around and swing like spiderman. I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves the anime or just loves swinging around and chopping off limbs. The only issues i have with this game is not being able to mute the in game voice chat when you are playing with others online. The other issue was the whole crashing thing when the in game voice chat was used, i had to use skype on my phone so we could play (They fixed that with the reccent update).If you dont like repetitivness in games this might not be for you, but if you can get over that this game is worth every penny IMO."
,Recommended,449800,33027414,Posted: 30 June,all,infy,"+ Combat and movement mechanics are fluid; it's fun to fly around and traverse the locales.+ There's a crafting system. You can craft new gear (blades; scabbards and gas canisters; and 3D manoeuvre gear) and find the perfect balance between different properties of the gear.+ When you finish the game, you can pick from a handful of characters and re-play all the missions.+ Different characters can have different skills (e.g. Levi can replace blades in mid-air; Eren can use his Titan shifter power in battle).+ This game is a great way to experience the story, especially when complemented by the anime and manga.+/- Main story can be completed in about 10-12 hours.+/- Lots of side missions available to complete (the Survey Missions).- When the ""Tips and Tricks"" UI tells you about a button and its action, it uses the default controller button, even if you're using a keyboard.-Gas and blade supplies can be upgraded easily to last super long; there's no sense of urgency in re-supplying like in the anime.(This is fixed in True Attack Mode. True Attack Mode is hell.)- Graphical options and settings to tweak are minimal. Highest supported resolution is 1920x1080.- Cutscenes are rendered in 720p.Despite other reviews, the game is perfectly playable without a controller. My keybindings are as follows:IN-GAME ACTIONKEYFire AnchorNumpad 4AttackNumpad 8Jump/BoostSpaceActionNumpad 6Reset CameraLeft ControlToggle Combat ModeQToggle MapMDecisive Battle SignalZPerform Gesture/Tips and TricksRPauseEscapeForwardWRightDBackwardSLeftACamera UpUp ArrowCamera RightNumpad 9Camera DownDown ArrowCamera LeftNumpad 7Use ItemFSelect Item Right4Change Team ObjectiveCSelect Item Left2Left hand is as usual on WASD, whereas the right hand is on the Numpad arrow keys; the index and ring fingers are able to rotate the camera by moving up one key to Numpad Home and Numpad Page Up keys respectively.Overall, the game is good. All the negatives are minor.Edited to add more information and fix typos."
76561198257097711,Recommended,449800,34474274,Posted: 24 August,all,ElegantGrandmaThatCanDevourU,The best Attack on Titan game to get.The gameplay is very smooth and easy to get a hold of.The game also has a considerable amount of challenge too and is super fun to play.My only complaint is the Armin levels.F*** ARMIN AND HIS LEVELS.Besides that this game is one of the best anime video games I've played and I am definitely going to pick up its sequel!
76561198033207227,Recommended,449800,25410924,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,th3razz0r,Love it ! Game sticks really close to the anime and captures the essence of titan fighting perfectly. Would love to see the online portion slightly more developped but in the end I'd still highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,449800,33221545,Posted: 4 July,all,Xeltic,"Definitely a good, sorta hack and slash games. Made by the Dynasty Warriors crew. Always like those kind of games and they made this one really nice, challenging missions, original voice actors (Japanese) and really good graphics. Give you the whole story of Season 1 of the anime and the characters you can pick on the multiplayer mode are cool :). Recommend this to the players that have watched the anime and also like/love the Dynasty Warrior franchise."
,Recommended,449800,25165724,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shirakani,"Did not expect this to show up on PC at all but frankly I'm glad it did. Its a solid enough port for what the baseline was, being PS4... Runs at 60fps and has an ok amount of PC options, but of course nowhere near a normal 'PC game'.This game has one of the most unique gameplay engines I've seen in a very long while. The devs have tackled the issue of how to do 'small vs many huge' high speed combat VERY well. The scale and scope of taking down a Titan will seem daunting at first, but after a quick tutorial you'll be killing Titans left right and center. The controls feel extremely natural and the combat has an immense sense of 'size' and verticality to it. Traversing town using the 3d gear never felt so satisfying.NOTE: Console game port = play with gamepad, idiots."
,Recommended,449800,31605881,Posted: 7 May,all,Chip,Very great game with the anime and also some manga missions too. (Those are spoilers though) But i would reccomend a ps4 controller unless your advanced with high tech finger movement because the PC controls are really bad.
76561198069704140,Recommended,449800,25170662,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mgrlam,"It seems like my 360Xbox Controller dosen't work on the game for me. Does anyone have some ideas to fix this problem ? I opened the game and saw that it's just very difficult (and not fun) to play with a keyboard. Do I just have to wait the patch ? I'm pretty sure the game is awesome, but i'm disappointed of this big problem, mostly because it's written ""Full controller support""UPDATE:I found the problem ! A KEYpad logitech G13 was actually connected to my computer. It is usually considered as a classical controller and it is a priority above real controllers. I deleted the peripheral in the control panel and now my controller is detected in the game and works well !Try yourselves and enjoy ;)"
,Recommended,449800,32750338,Posted: 24 June,all,Captain Levi,"Amazing game, totaly worth the money."
,Recommended,449800,25162958,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cronix,"The gameplay itself is quite dynamic, easy to learn and understand and a fun experience for all.For some it might get repetitive after a while, however the variety of abnormals, bosses and titans with armor is decent and could be enjoyed by all.Port to PC isn't that good, hard to play using keyboard however you can change the keybindings.Playing with PS4 Controller through PC myself and find myself rushing through the campaign fairly easy.If ya buy it, add me so we can play ;)"
,Recommended,449800,25694408,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lucan,"The manga is fantastic, the anime a little less gruesome but still great its no surprise I was excited to try this title the moment I saw it on the store page and I'm glad I did.Not far removed from the Dynasty/Samurai Warriors setting I take to the field of battle with my comrades the UI is basic enough for anyone to understand and with my experience from previous Koei games I take to it quickly, deftly swinging about the towns I have little time to take in the sights at the speed I'm moving but thankfully its all handled with a single button press so the thinking is minimal.Actual combat requires a little more effort however after locking onto your chosen titan its a case of using the correct angle and timing is critical, after that the rest is fairly straightforward.As well as Attack mode (story) there is also Expedition mode (free mode) where you can replay any of the story missions as well as running survey missions essentially skirmishs in and around the walls which you can play with others online, which comes as a relief quite frankly as pretty much my only hang up with the game is how repetetive it becomes after the story mode is complete.Fans of the manga or anime will be glad to be in control of some of the most memorable characters, each of which have their own unique abilities and strengths and weakness' including a certain titan who shall remain nameless.So for those fans of AOT who can't get enough of it and long to soar in the skies dancing on wires this is for you, for everyone else it may become quickly tedious if you want to be sure I'd recommend you check out gameplay footage on youtube."
76561198032576568,Recommended,449800,25163964,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,PowerElite,You seriously need a controller. Other than that its wonderful!
,Recommended,449800,28887002,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Phantom,Do not get this game unless you have a controller. Besides it not being English dubbed it's a kick♥♥♥♥♥game and I recommend it.
,Recommended,449800,29051769,Posted: 5 January,all,SpaceNinjaPirate,"First off, I'm a big fan of the anime series.  That's why I had this game on my wishlist since it was released on Steam.  But, it's just not a good deal at full price.  I picked it up during the Steam Winter Sale when the price was at least a bit more acceptable.  Since then, I've put in almost 3 hours of play time on it and I'm starting to feel not entirely satisfied with this game despite it being a pretty fun game so far.Here's a few of the negatives that I've noticed thus far.  Ultimately this is a great example of a great title, but extremely poor execution.  These are things you may want to know before buying this game:- Upon starting the game for the first time in Windows 10, it asks to be put into Windows 7 compatibility mode.  Great!  So this game is not entirely compatible with the number-frickin-one OS in use on the planet.  That's just frickin' awesome.  Awesome programming jobs, devs!- This game is a port of a console game (something I did not know and is not apparent from all of the info on it here on Steam).  And, to top things off, it's not a very good port.  There is ZERO mouse input accepted at all.  All input is done by either keyboard or controller.  So, you need a controller in order to really play this game smoothly as I hear the keyboard controls are somewhat awkward.  You can tell that the porting job was done to very bare minimum standards.- This game has game stopping bugs and it appears there's been no attempt to fix anything since Sept. 2016.  Apparently, some crashes can be fixed on some systems using Nvidia GPUs by rolling back the driver to a specific version.  It still doesn't make me feel any better that I should have to jump through those types of hoops just to get the game to work.- This game has video issues.  Apparently it doesn't like resolutions larger than 1920x1080.  And there is a lack of ability to set some basic video options like Vsync which is a problem with this game.  Those with Nvidia GPUs can force the game to use VSync through the Nvidia control panel.... again... shouldn't have to do that just to play the game normally, but it's just another one of those little things that you have to put up with if you really want to play this game.Aside from all that, the game is still fun.  I mean, taking down titans gets repetitive after awhile, and being only 3 hours in, I haven't yet experienced the grind that others have mentioned.  So, that's what's been keeping me interested at least this long.  Had it been any less interesting, I would have dropped this game an hour in and asked for a refund.  But when it works, it is exciting and fun.  So, I'm going to continue to recommend it for now, but that may change in the future depending on whether or not there are any additional issues that pop up.EDIT 1/22/17:  I know I said I would update this review based on further gameplay, but that may not happen.  I rolled back my Nvidia drivers in order to alleviate a few crashes that were occurring in this game, but now I have a need for up-to-date drivers, so AoT has drawn the short straw.  If I ever revisit this game (maybe they will update it before then) I will certainly continue updating my review then.  Until that time, my recommendation still stands... buy this at your discretion.  The quality of the PC port leaves a lot to be desired though the game play is still pretty fun (when it all works)."
,Recommended,449800,25160345,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,hirua,"Solid port from koei tecmo.60 fps on 1080pXbox 360 controller button promptsJapanese voiceBeautiful graphics with amazing soundtracksHowever,Had to force V-sync through Nvidia control panel (no V-sync option in game)Main menu is quite laggy when it tries to load the backgroundThe horses are annoyingAll in all,Good job, koei tecmo."
,Not Recommended,449800,32928673,Posted: 28 June,all,Fyrion,Keeps crashing. Unless you revert to a driver from a year ago.Devs did not fix bug thats known for more then a year...
76561198030409394,Not Recommended,449800,25174989,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cynnabuns,"I was really excited for this game...I saw it come out on steam and got it right away and looked past all the downvoted comments about it. I thought ""Man the controls can't be that bad""..but I was wrong. At first it really isn't that bad...you can TRY to remap them but it doesn't seem to stick. The buttons are reveres on an Xbox controller, at least for me. The A button is the X button (but the dialog will still say hit X so you hit A instead...) and the B button is Y and vice versa. Also there isn't a PAUSE button...at least not for me. I've tried re mapping the button for it but it still doesn't work...the camera rotation while standing on the ground is just god awful you need to use the left and right triggers just to spin the camera to look at something when you aren't locked onto a target...I have no way to save because I can't open the damn menu to possibly hit ""Save"" the game has crashed now about 3 or 4 times and I've had to redo an instance over and over because there isn't a save button. Each time I go to hit a titan the game crashes on itself. I've never refunded a game before...but in all honesty I want my 60 bucks back, I'll re buy it again maybe when the devs revamp these main issues...Other than that the game is stunning and the voice acting is great the story is accurate but it's really dissapointing that the game is barely playable. I even almost thought about hitting the check box to ""recieve this game for free"" but the graphics on it are just too nice to ask for that, and the work that went into it is really enjoyable it's just the port to computer that messed it all up. So if you wish to get an Attack on Titan game...you might want to wait on this one until it MAYBE has some patches."
,Recommended,449800,25161710,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rage,Game runs fine♥♥♥♥♥♥ M & K port controls100% if you get this game use a controllermacrophilia/10Would Buy Again for that Sweet Titan Booty
,Recommended,449800,25254290,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jkaezorz,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjUqUVrXclE
76561198134060058,Not Recommended,449800,25518200,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,tdkokoska,Game play is good but gets old REAL fast when you think about it you employ one tactic against one mob the whole time. online matches RARLY last more then 2min and the game won't take you more then 10 hours to beat. the end of the main play through has some rough moments but after that all you have is sorry side missions with one hit kill mobs. you will spend more time traveling between titans then you do fighting them at the end of the day combat is minimal and its a flying simulator with wierd physics. this game is worth 20 dollars MAX. i am REALLY sorry i spent money on this any you prolly will too
,Recommended,449800,25493420,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,The Hon Dr. Robert Muldoon (PhD),"Attack on Titan follows the story of a bunch of angsty Weab' Tweens who have to deal, adapt and fight against a wierd analogy for the pointless, raw violence that dwells within society at large.They do this by catapulting themselves into the air on TOW-guided hernia machines and severeing spinal cords with weaponised box cutters. The game will have you dispatch 30+ plain-faced Normie giants like it was a tuesday and you had filing to do, but then have a bunch of characters succumb to tumblr ennui and then get eaten. This is swiftly followed by one of them giving a rousing speech about bushido and rousing their dweeb friends into a suicide attack.Games entirely in moon speak.8/10. Flying around at the speed of sound."
,Recommended,449800,25182528,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Breeze,"Runs great, max settings with solid 60FPS.Recommend using a 360 controller for any musou games.The game is repetitive, but fun in short burst."
76561198017946533,Recommended,449800,25172062,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dogishappy,"Who was responsible for porting this game? using my 360 controller, X is accept, and Y is back. None of the essential command prompts for attacking, interacting, jumping, etc. are correct. It claims things like A=X. I've seen some pretty bad ports, this is one of them.If you can get past this though, the gameplay is quite fun. My work around was to use the Steam controller in Big picture. Over 40 hours in, and i'm still enjoying myself. The timed side missions provide a great source of mild tension which motivates you to go as fast as possible. The extensive crafting oportunities begging to be discovered plays right into my list checking obsessions. I can imagine this game being a lot of fun for completionists.As for the game, you are put in an open map with lots of enemies populating the area. From here, you are often presented with Green and Red markers on your map. The Red one is the main objective, and is required to complete the mission. This can make missions as short as 29 seconds if you are skilled enough.The Green markers are timed side missions which will help you complete the main objective. These are entirely optional, and only really needed if you want to get the S rank, or to unlock the Dire Subjugations. Again, these are both optional, but performing Dire Subjagations and getting S rank gets you additional crafting materials and are tied to some achievements."
,Recommended,449800,25175024,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ika くコ:彡,"No issues for me runs smoothly at max settings and has good controller controls.You have to make sure no one has a mic on multiplayer though, or else you WILL crash"
76561198128421312,Recommended,449800,25198150,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Punkin ツ,"I personally think this is a great game even though they could of done a better job with the mouse and keyboard config. Playing with a XBOX 360 controller will definitely suck (I have an PS3 controller too, but I've not tested it yet) as this game was made for playing with the PS4 and Xbox One controller....Hopefully in the future they are able to fix the issues with the Xbox 360 controllers. Luckily for me I have all four console and didn't have to waste money on buying a PS4 or Xbox One controller just to play A.O.T.Hopefully this can clear up some things for people since I did saw some other reviews complaining about the controls not working properly. Just use a PS4 or Xbox One controller and everything will be fine."
,Recommended,449800,32846309,Posted: 27 June,all,dilz19singh,"Brilliant gameCostly but seems to be such a fun action, thriller gameWatched the  anime just as amazingLOL graphics are on point or just proper litHighly recommended, sooo many things you could doCan be difficult some times but trust me it is amazingThough u may need a computer with a good frame rate and a high resolution😂😂"
,Recommended,449800,33043692,Posted: 30 June,all,Armin アーラート,Amazing
,Recommended,449800,32868579,Posted: 27 June,all,JΔVI,One of the best anime games ever. Controls are really smooth and intuitive (if you're playing with a controller) and the story is nicely adapted.9/10 because cutscenes look wonky sometimes and they decided not to include the original OST.
,Recommended,449800,32817313,Posted: 26 June,all,Kenny,"DISCLAIMER: To be able to play properly, use a gamepad/Xbox controller. Understand that the game was originally developed for console and was ported to PC, which is why controls for keyboard+mouse are pretty much crap.REVIEWIncredibly fun, especially if you follow the show/read the manga. The graphics are fantastic and runs well on a semi-potato PC with adjusted settings + the gameplay is satisfying as hell. The game shines when playing multiplayer co-op with friends (you can invite up to 3 friends for a full squad of 4) and has that Monster Hunter vibe to the multiplayer mode. Various characters can be unlocked for use in multiplayer as you progress through the story mode. Combat and missions ARE repetitive but if you appreciate swinging around in high speed and the core mechanics of combat, the repetitiveness doesn't really matter. Story mode follows the plot of the anime/manga and multiplayer allows you to farm for items to craft more powerful gear (side note: gear carries over from singleplayer to multiplayer and vice versa).+Satisfying combat+Captures the atmosphere and vibe of the anime+Fun multiplayer mode with a Monster Hunter vibe-Combat and missions get repetitive (but if if you find the combat satisfying then it doesn't matter)-Appeals less to those unfamiliar with the gist of the animeI highly recommend the game! 9/10 --It's worth it for its sale price so be sure to get it before it's too late!(BTW, most bugs reported online are fixed by devs and multiplayer is good to go!)P.S. Please check your system requirements before giving the game a negative review and complaining about devs doing a poor job. LOGIC CHAIN: Game works for everyone else->Game doesn't work on your PC = It's your PC that's causing your problems, not the devs ;-)"
76561198297136908,Recommended,449800,32742719,Posted: 24 June,all,yggdraly,"Mikasa and Levi lighted distress signal against 2 3-meter class titans during survey mission.Yep, game is bugged."
,Recommended,449800,25467601,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mellow d(-.-)b | ChallengeMe.GG,"Tells you the tv show story in an awesome way, good graphics, awesome gameplay!"
76561198042474700,Recommended,449800,29937235,Posted: 15 February,all,Gappy,"Attack on Titan Wings of Freedom reviewDisclaimer:I have caught up to the manga so the review will be based on the fact that I enjoy Attack on Titan in general.Graphics:The game looks surprisingly good for an anime/manga game (Anime/manga games often don't have very good graphics) and I genuinly enjoy the visuals.Gameplay:I have played the fan made Attack on Titan game and I was a bit worried that they would screw up the mechanics of this official game. However I was quite surprised when I first tried it. I'd say that the game has quite enjoyable mechanics. I also have to point out that I play it with a controller. I haven't tried it without a controller so try both if you want, but I would guess that it's better with a controller. The only downside I've come across is that people have told me that they find it repetitive after they have learnt how to play the game. Personally I still enjoy the gamplay. It is actionpacked and I also aim for 100% completion so that is also keeping me interested.Music:The OST is very fitting to the game and I think you will find it familiar if you have watched the show.I definitly found the game enjoyable. I'd highly recommend it for people that have watched/read Attack on Titan. I also think that people that are not familiar with Attack on Titan could also enjoy it."
,Recommended,449800,25215927,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kaneki,"I have not tried this game with PC controls, I instinctively connected my PS4 controller and have been using that to play and have had no problems with it.With the right graphics card (I'm running duel Titan X's) the game looks absolutely beautiful weather its during gameplay or in one of the many amazing cutscenes.For those that are fans of the anime, it follows the story almost perfectely, it leaves out some parts and skips ahead that may leave those that are not familiar with the story a little confused, but not too confusing i would think.Definetlly worth the money, it certainly plays and feels like a full game, not one of these cheap incomplete games that try to sell for $60 when all they have are planet exploring and no multiplayer (don't mind the salt).Great game 10/10"
76561198124074796,Recommended,449800,29092648,Posted: 7 January,all,Tyrannowhorus Rex,"If you like other Koei Tecmo games like Dynasty Warriors and such you'll likely enjoy this one. It's more of the repetitive run around and kill all the enemies type of thing. I wasn't sure how the movement would work, but I think they did a great job with it. I'm not sure if I'd say it's worth $60, but it's definitely better than I thought it would be. Definitely play with a controller though.If you can get past some optimization issues it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,449800,29865698,Posted: 11 February,all,SotiCoto,"Seriously awesome game.  Faithful to the core story.  Plays a little differently to most musou games for obvious reasons since the enemies are a lot larger and tougher (no four-figure kill counts, sorry), and getting about is mostly done via the omni-directional wires (though there are horses). The sense of mobility is utterly unmatched. The whole three-dimensional stage is your playground!Downsides though...  The controls take some getting used to. They aren't actually that complicated, but they definitely take getting used to in order to move fluently.  If anything that just makes it more true-to-story. =pOh, and completing the main story unlocks a hard mode (that can be utterly brutal at times), which has completely different completion records to normal mode.  Getting 100% on it pretty much requires doing everything twice, which can get a bit grindy after a while."
,Recommended,449800,25214350,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wavy Jetson,"There's something very satisfying about chopping off titan limbs and flying around like spiderman. Would definately recommend to fans of the anime. There are some online bugs at release, hopefully they'll fix it soon."
,Recommended,449800,25165811,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kai,As an A.O.T fan the game is not to shabby. I've played about 1 hour of the game and the story is the same as the anime/manga. Gameplay wise its quite difficult at first but when you start killing titans its really satisfying to destroy them all.
,Recommended,449800,25356062,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,gotanks0407,This game is really fun. I really enjoy the combat system. It plays just like the anime looks. I am very excited to see this release and I can't wait to try multiplayer.
76561198073706723,Recommended,449800,25166265,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MadWilly,"I would recommend this game for the fans of the series.I had to run this on windows 7 compability mode so I could play with my controller, but besides that the game is really amusing. I love the combat system, I think it is great and exciting! Remember this is the first game realeased so don't expect it to be perfect... But I think every fan of AoT will enjoy it!"
76561197994808067,Recommended,449800,33202449,Posted: 3 July,all,sindini,"If you are a fan of the series, this game is way too fun to pass up!"
,Recommended,449800,25174539,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Error 1046,"Highly recommend using a controller, other than that this game is pretty fun. it starts of slow but really picks up the pace as you advance in the story/multiplayer. story mode pretty much picks up right after they completed training and continues on from there. i am happy with how the multiplayer is set up, sort of reminds me of earth defense force i guess. if your not a fan of the show or into these type of games id say go spend your money elsewhere.i have a solid(capped) 60fps on max everything @2560x1080(although it doesnt actually support it, it works well)gpu:gtx980cpu:i54570oh yeah, it also ask that you run it in w7 compatability mode for some reason"
,Recommended,449800,25317714,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Baka Gaijin Weeaboo,"Not keyboard friendly, but extremely fun to play. (just make sure it's with a controller). each character has specific traits that may alter the battles either by being better at your leadership trait, so that you can give specific commands to each team member, or by increasing your dexterity with the ""3-D mobile device"" to use less fuel and maneuver faster around towns, And of course there's raw strength"". The aberrant Titans do feel ""different"" some are easy and some are more difficult. It adds a nice challenge every once in a while. the game plays like a ""reverse dynasty warriors"", Lots of humans, with less enemies. Crafting elements are included.The PC port is lacking in various settings such as ""V-sync"" and it doesn't tell you which kind of ""ambient occlusion"" it uses. for those with Nvidia cards, I suggest turning on ""V-sync"" in the Nvidia control panel (right click on desktop, it's in the drop down box, you might need to manually add the game.)the multi player I hear is a little problematic. I have not tried it myself. some scene are changed a little from the source material."
76561198062190334,Recommended,449800,25222981,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,-REKT- deathstrike21,"Wings of Freedom is exactly what I wanted in an AoT game, fast paces grapple hooking with a simple yet complex combat system, about the only things i would change are the lack of V-snyc (the game has a LOT of screen tearing) and the abillity to turn off voice chat for multiplayer, and actually working mulitiplayer.  Other than a few preformace issues its well worth the money, the single player alone is choch full of stuff to do, loaded with an amazing story that goes past the anime version of AoT and has more side quests than ive ever seen in any game, easily surpassing even skyrim in stuff to do.  My personal favortie part of Wings of Freedom in the ODM system, swinging around sclicing open titans feels amazing and the controls couldnt be simpler (you push a single button, thats it, its better than it sounds i swear) I've heard that crashes run rampant in this game but I've only ever had crashing issues in multiplayer, windows 10 is also not the best for this, but i made it work.  Also, if you dont have a controller this game might not be the best, ive never tried to play it with a mouse and keyboard but I imagine it would be hell, also if you're not a fan of Japanese dialogue i would be catuois, as the game has only that, no english here mentlgen. I think its an amazing game that is loaded with content and has hours of fun, but might have some technical issues. for me personaly i give it a solid 9/10 they just need to add more video options, thats about it"
,Recommended,449800,34044110,Posted: 5 August,all,TheLegend608,"i love this game,its just like the anime,it has good graphics and quality and a AMAZING storyline.i recomend this to anyone who loves Attack On Titan and if you dont know the anime then get it just because its fun :)cant wait for season 3 :0"
,Recommended,449800,25186843,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KaiserSenpai420,"First things first, I'm a major fan of Shingeki no Kyojin ( Attack on Titan ). I read the manga, every chapter it comes out I'm there. So this review isn't from an ""outsider"", but I refuse to praise anything. Everything has it's pros and cons and Wings of Freedom is no different.It's hard not to compare a 59.99 dollar game to a fan made game with more content, the fan made game had PVP which Wings of Freedom totally slacked on. The titans movement were random and fluent, difficulty level actually mattered, create a character, multiplayer with over 100 people, clans and more.I've also played the official 3DS version, Wings of Freedom proves they didn't learn anything from their mistakes.Pros:It's Attack on Titan.Displays/Talks about Season 1 + OVAs which is cool.Character Customization is fun.Destructible environments.Graphics look A-1.Characters roles are displayed well.Horses AI are great.Cons:The whole game is based off of season 1.Japanese Playstation store has tons of DLC, which mean we will get it which means its DLC infested - great.Timed Action Attacks.No flare system on multi-player.Only certain characters salute, there should be a button for us to always do it no matter the character.Difficulty means nothing, hard mode is still easy. The Titans could be more aggressive.Boss fights are a joke.Character AIs needs titan Jesus ( seriously please fix, they just go off and die within seconds )No create a character, when the 3DS version had it?Titans are constantly glitching into the ground, some of  them only have half of their bodies go into the ground making me unableto hit their legs sometimes arms too depending on their size.Long story short, if you like Dynasty Warriors and a good hack a slash covered with Attack on Titan on it - this is the game for you. I wouldn't buy it for over 40 dollars, personally. 5/10"
,Recommended,449800,33526682,Posted: 13 July,all,KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA,"Poorly made, but it's still AoT and fun which is what really matters.This game is only recommended to fans of the show."
,Recommended,449800,25173350,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Apocalypse,"Pretty good port. Better than my expectation at least. Running a solid 60 fps with no drop @1080p on 970m FYI.Not keyboard friendly, so a controller is recommended.However, with some customized button mapping, keyboard can do pretty well, but running on ground is still a bit clumsy.So, a controller is recommended.For people who experience extremely severe optimization issues, try to use your graphic card pannel to force this game to use your Nvidia/AMD graphic card. This game will use the integrated graphic card by default."
,Recommended,449800,32881308,Posted: 27 June,all,Platinum,"Amazing gameplay, feels very smooth and fun to whirl around killing titans. I also love coop games so when I found out I could kill titans with my friends I was excited. However in multiplayer your mics are always on and we tend to use discord since its 10x better than the in game chat anyway. There is no option to turn it off in game, but you can follow a guide on steam telling you how to disable it."
,Recommended,449800,32837703,Posted: 26 June,all,o ya p causa o,The controls take some time to get used and the soundtrack could be alot betterBUTif you're a fan of the show BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF THIS AMAZING GAME BRO LIKE HURRY THE ♥♥♥♥ UP AND BUUYYYYY IITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
,Not Recommended,449800,33639051,Posted: 18 July,all,Sparktacus,"If you like Attack on Titan, then you will enjoy this game regardless.This game definitely isn't worth $60 price unless you were born rich or have too much money. If the game goes to maybe $40 or less then that's probably a good price for it. I'm not here to convince people to buy this game, so my review is not meant to put the game on a pedastal.The game becomes mind numbingly repetitive. Just latch on and dismember away then move to the next titan. I only played 1 hour of this game but it's enough to get used to the controls and the overall gist of gameplay. The storyline pretty much sync with season 1 of Attack on Titan anime. Replayability isn't really there and at times the game gets boring saving other companions who eventually die anyways when you leave them alone.Lots of naked titans of all shapes and sizes so if you are into that sort of thing then have at it."
76561198551538569,Recommended,449800,35226733,Posted: 26 September,all,D0VE,makes my nipples hard :D
,Recommended,449800,25205470,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kapuzenwurm,"Honestly it's a really good game.It was made for fans for sure, and it's also really repetitive, but the important thing is that the game himself is fun.It's like the old Spiderman games, they wheren't really good, but it was fun to swing around and so it is with this game, fun to swing around, combat is awesome, graphic is good and the customisation options are a nice touch.Buy and support it, you won't regret it! (as a fan)"
76561198318922998,Recommended,449800,26050098,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Azurexemnos,AWESOME GAME
76561197969403982,Recommended,449800,25175761,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Halloween138,"My only complaint is the controller situation. I hav an Xbox One controller with updated drivers on window 7 and the game has X&Y mixed up wih A&B, there are also a couple of other buttons I have to reach up and hit on my keyboard, such as targeting different spots on the titans. Maybe there is a way to do it with the controller that I just haven't figured it out yet. I doubt it though cause when I went to remap buttons in the options it would show the start button as R1. I can adapt to the controls though its not to big of a deal.The storyline seems to go along with the anime as far as I remember it, almost like an ineractive version of it from what I remember so far. I could see the hack and slash geting a little bit repetative but I am enjoting rewatching the show on a playable game.Maybe wait for a sale if you're not to into the show. I dont ussually get into anime games to much myself butt I though I would spring for it on a payday since I enjoyed watching the series."
76561198189336947,Not Recommended,449800,32745526,Posted: 24 June,all,White Guardian,"I run Windows 10 on PC.When the game starts, it suggests me to switch to Windows 7 compatibility mode.Nonetheless, the game still keeps crashing at the middle of missions regardless I use compatibility mode or not.I have updated the graphic card driver and change all NVIDIA settings for best performance.Also tried all sorts of possible solutions I can find on internet, but none really worked.Seem that this game is not compatible with Windows 10 on PC.It will otherwise be a good game.======[update]I tried to install AoT on an older laptop computer which also runs on Windows 10.The version of the NVIDIA Control Panel on that computer is 8.1.850.0.With this older version of NVIDIA, I can set the graphic processor to ""High-performance NVIDIA processor"".AoT never crashes on that laptop...======If the version of your NVIDIA Control Panel is 8.1.950.0, then don't buy this game. It will crash.On the other hand, if your version is 8.1.850.0, then your computer probably will be okay."
,Recommended,449800,25233570,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SHAGGY,"This game pays amazing tribute to the 1st season of the anime and I would totally recommend it. Other reviews will likely say how repetitive the levels become, especially in the latter parts of the game, but this will not bother any true fans. Nothing in my opinion can rival the incredible mechanic of the 3D Maneuver Gear and zipping around is exhilarating in itself. An easy to understand control layout and equipment progression system make the game fun too, and I think this is a great purchase overall for either those who are already fans of the series or even those who are looking to become interested in it.10/10 :)"
,Recommended,449800,25278702,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Arrow,"Great game so far, but I still spent couple hours to get used to the flying mode.Pretty cool when you kill the Titans, recommended!"
,Recommended,449800,25690169,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tsunday.Phantasmagoria,I love the smell of newly sliced naked giants in the morning.
,Recommended,449800,34174930,Posted: 11 August,all,lewside1993,"classic and worth buying, it took me about 300 hours to get all achievements xD"
,Recommended,449800,25225344,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Revan,"For all the Attack on Titan fans out there, you need this game.Imagine dynasty warriors with titans and mobility gear, that is what you have in this. Instead of hordes of enemies your battling a constant barrage of Titans while managing your gas and blades. There is a very nice upgrade system in the game that lets you keep improving on gear, I currently have a set of blades that have 936 base damage with this when I strike a Titan I do close to 13,000 damage (instant kill).If you are a fan of Attack on Titan or just love fast paced combat this demands your attention."
,Not Recommended,449800,25173490,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,"They said ""Full controller support"" but my xbox360 controller didn't work properly. Terrible keyboard configuration and you can't use mouse for looking around.Game itself is really good. I'm AOT fan and KOEI did a good job from this aspect i think.If they release a patch for true ""Full controller support"" i will change my rating negative to positive. If they don't, i will definitely want refund."
,Recommended,449800,25163026,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,michaeltm83,"Great game from what I've played! It's pretty much Dynasty Warriors with flight controls. They're a bit hard to get the hang of, but once you do the game's a lot of fun. Also you get to play as Potato Girl (Sasha) and the ultimate waifu (Mikasa). Oh and there are other characters too.P.S regarding performance, I'm gettting mostly 60fps at 1080p with max settings.My PC specs arei7 4790 @ 3.6 GHzGTX 1070 Strix16GB DDR3 RAM(Yeah it's overkill for a game like this. Still not a very optimized game.As for mouse and keyboard issues, I'm playing with an Xbox One controller, so I can't really speak for that. Personally, I think you should try this game if you don't mind using a controller (Which is what I use for most of my gaming on PC). If you can't stand a controller, then don't play this game. If you don't have a controller, get a 360 controller for 25 bucks and you're good!Also, maybe it's just for me, but whenever I record with Shadowplay, the recording is really dark. Tried various fixes and they didn't work. The only con for me."
,Recommended,449800,25227910,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Elvi,"Surprisingly good and addictive.I didn't think that combining Warriors formula with a monster hunting game and crazy movement system could work, but it actually does and the result is both good and very different.+ The game looks good and just like the anime+ Decent sound and all the original VAs+ The movement system is simply amazing+ All that is good about Warriors+ Equipment and character progression+ Many character to play, most feeling a lot different from each other+ Keys rebindable even on controllers- Almost no envirimomental sound, which may feel weird if you focus on it- You can play with K+M, but you really don't want to, trust me- It might take you some work to make your controller function properly depending on model and age- no in-game v-sync, might have to force it trough your GPU control panel as there is screen tearing otherwise- The story is not very good unless you already know the manga/anime, as it skips over too many things"
76561198052678321,Recommended,449800,32323000,Posted: 10 June,all,feima_17,Very smooth fighting styleYou don't get bored of cutting Titan's neck
,Recommended,449800,25160558,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,tyche,I'd recommend it if you are able to use aPS4/Xbox controlleron your PC.Pros-Fun GameplayGood graphicsCons-No mouse supportKeyboard controls are really awkward.It crashes a few times but I wasn't expecting it to be perfect anyway.
,Not Recommended,449800,25184557,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MoMo ؞ モモ,"I was very interested in the game when I saw it on steam and the adds at Gamestop but it was a disappointment. The controls for Xbox 360 Controller are very wonky/backwards. Also the game would crash while playing multiplayer because of mic. The gameplay is okay but honestly it lags bad when playing no matter how i set my graphics. I wouldn't recommend this game. Maybe, MAYBE, I'll buy the game again if, IF, the devs fix the issues of controls, multiplayer, voice chat in multiplayer and maybe a couple graphics but I think I'll stick to rewatching the anime and rereading the manga."
,Recommended,449800,25499964,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,A-Mac,"The best anime game I've ever played, but wait for a sale if you're on the fence.PROS:It is very satisfying to use the 3d maneuver gear. It's not as skill-based as the fan-made game, but it looks and feels great. Cables actually have to attach to trees/buildings/titans in order for you to take off. Kind of like in spider-man 2 for the PS2.Combat feels satisfying. Once again not very skill-based compared to the fan-made game, but you feel badass slicing titans up.The story is just the anime, with something extra thrown in too. It took me 10 hrs to complete. Cutscenes are done very well considering it's an anime game. Voice acting is great too.Multiplayer is kinda cool too. Adds some replayability.Titans are very different from each other. Lots of variation. You might see the same titan once or twice, but not very often.Graphics are very good too for an anime game.CONS:Game was a too easy, even while playing on hard. I would S-rank almost every mission without even trying, and died only once in the whole story.Sometimes game bugs and titans just stare at you and/or clip into buildings/the ground.Annie isnt aggressive enough.Price is too much. Wait until it hits $30 or is on sale, if you are not a die hard Attack on Titan fan.Oh, also use a controller with this game."
,Recommended,449800,25543528,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,(ISIG) Legoguy9875,"This game is easily one of the best games of 2016 for me. When I first heard the announcement of this game, which was shortly after the english release of the game on 3DS (which I never played but heard was pretty dissapointing), I was admittedly uneasy about it, since the 3DS game left a pretty bad taste in my mouth after seeing what that was like. At the same time, though, it was being developed by Koei Techmo. The same people behind the popular Dynasty Warriors franchise and, more relevant to my history with their games, Hyrule Warriors on Wii U and 3DS, a game I absolutely loved. That said, it came up rather suddenly when I saw it on Steam, but I picked it up since it was on a promotional sale that included the cosmetic DLC.Anyone that has watched the anime or read the manga will know exactly how this game plays out story wise. The story is pretty much an abridged version of the anime's first season, at least as far as I've played and seen, since I have not completed the campaign yet (I say abridged because it only focuses on major scenes and plot points, cutting out any unneeded fluff). The game does a good enough job of retelling the story in a way that keeps you engaged, so I can still call this playable to anyone that has yet to watch the show. However, I recommend watching the show first to get a better  look at the story and characters.Now for the real bread and butter of the game: the gameplay. Now, one of the major reasons that the 3DS game was dissapointing, and that this game was highly anticipated, was because of the popularity of an AoT fangame created by Fenglee, which became incredibly popular for accurately recreating the combat you see in the anime, as well as the Omni-Directional Maneuver Gear, which is a staple of the series that allows soldiers to move around at tremendous speeds. After the fangame made ground, many people were excited to see what AAA developers could do with something that a small team of non-profit developers could do in their spare time.Movement is easily the best part of this game. It takes what made the fangame's movement amazing and modernized it (compared to the 3DS version where you could still use your Omni gear even if your 100 feet above any grabbable object). In this version, you can only use the gear when you're close to an object or titan, which makes more sense, and the movement feels so fast and responsive. If you're using a controller (which I recommend, as the keyboard controls use the directional pad AS WELL as WASD, which is just an accident waiting to happen, trust me), you tap A to jump and boost with your gas, X to grapple onto nearby objects or onto a Titan when in combat mode, Y to attack, B to interact with elements during gameplay, and the D-pad to browse your inventory. While it may seem like a lot, the game does a good job of explaining the basics, and you get used to it pretty quickly.Now for combat. I mentioned before that there was a combat mode. If you tap the Right Button (RB) when near a titan, you'll lock onto it. From there, you can choose a body part with the right thumbstick, which will be the part you grab when you use your omni gear. The game encourages dismembering Titans rather than going for the back of the neck, which is the only way to kill them, as doing so provides some benefits. For example, cutting off the arms prevents the titans from grabbing you or your teammates, and cutting off the legs slows them down, making it easier to attack the neck. You can also acquire rare minerals by cutting off certain limbs, indicated by a gold nugget icon on the body part. These minerals can be used to craft new blades, gas canisters, and omni gear, all of which have their own ups and downs. While it does get a bit grindy to get certain upgrades later on, this crafting system is a nice addition, and encourages players to not kill first and ask questions later, especially since the late game items you can acquire really boost your fighting and movement capability.Now, onto my personal faults. Thankfully, I don't have very many. Firstly, in true Koei style, the combat does get repetitive, as fighting titans all involve the same process. Granted, you kind of expect that given the source material, and the game DOES add a bit of variety by adding titans that need to be incapacitated in certain ways before you can kill them, but even those don't stray much away from the formula. This game is definitely one that's best played in short bursts. Secondly, ground movement is poor. You feel incredibly slippery, and it gets incredibly awkward to move around if you're in a tight space, or you can't reach a titan because a sliver of building is in your way. This isn't really much of a complaint, as the game's control was obviously built with air movement in mind, though it does get annoying when it comes up.I'll quickly go over the extra content. During the campaign mode, you can play side missions that let you get extra materials, money bonuses, character information, and unlock new battlefields (which I assumed are part of multiplayer, as I don't know how else that is useful). These are a good way of increasing game time, as you don't have to play them to advance the story as far as I'm aware. There is also a multiplayer mode, which I haven't played yet, but it kinda goes without saying; it's pretty much the same game only you get to play with your friends, which is good if you like that kind of thing.Overall, the game is fantastic, and far exceeded my expectations. This game comes pretty darn close to being my favorite game this year, and it makes me look forward to if Koei decides to continue with this, as they have shown that they are capable of making a good AoT game (although, I wouldn't say no if Platinum got a chance at making an AoT game. I mean, come on, if they could take Metal Gear Solid and turn THAT into a kickass action game, they could do the same with AoT. Seriously, make that happen!)."
76561198018060089,Not Recommended,449800,34383297,Posted: 20 August,all,batistella1981,-The escorted missions are extremely bugged.-Characters remain still or running in circles in the same place. At other times they do not even move and it is necessary to restart to achieve the conquest of time.-The quests are repetitive and you get quickly bored with the game.-The horses and titans get stuck in fences or rocks and appear on the roof from nothingness.-The bosses are ALWAYS the same and only change the hairstyle.-The feeling of frustration is great because they missed the chance to make a great game of great anime.
76561198043336830,Recommended,449800,25159976,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rasetsunoken,it's good game..
,Not Recommended,449800,25171279,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,GhastlyBlade,"Even though I may of given this game an unfair chance with the amount of minutes I played, I honestly don't care. I like anime and A.O.T and was kinda hyped for this game to be translated and ported to PC, but it disappointed me. This game (to me personally) feels like the developers gave up halfway through the port. Yeah the game might have solid 60fps, looks good, but I can't dealthe mouse not even having support. Moving camera with keyboard buttons in my opinion just doesn't work, I don't want to buy a controller just to play a game. So this is the reason I don't recommend this game, hopefully in the future they add mouse support, then maybe it would be playable. :/"
76561198059869393,Recommended,449800,25223477,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,GianTDIX,"Game is completly brokenI'm killing titans with Eren in human form, must be a bug."
76561198078396756,Recommended,449800,25339981,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SilentFlash,This is a fun game and i love how it sticks to the story of the actuall anime. I can say this for sure that is game is worth 40$ and not the full 60$ price.
76561198131060640,Recommended,449800,25324000,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,alanarf,"Awesome game! It makes you feel the emotion from the anime.Really breathtaking game! The graphics could not be that good, but its enough to makes you enter on theShingeki no kyojin world.Its worth every coin =)"
76561198157466117,Recommended,449800,25332132,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,-DI- Summonedsniper,"Lots of fun, just hard enough to keep you on your toes. My only problem is the story is not very relavent, like if you just came to the game not watching the anime or reading the manga you will most likly get lost and the story will not interest you. So make sure u've read the manga or watched the anime before buying!"
,Recommended,449800,25192108,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Snax,"NOTE: I have tried the multiplayer coop and it has disconnect problems. If the game disconnects before the mission ends, you get nothing. This is a serious problem. If multiplayer is a major feature for you, wait for updates or a price drop.I've only spent a couple hours with AOT so far. Long story short, I think they did the combat the justice it deserves. If you're a fan of Attack On Titan and the combat from the anime entices you, you'll get a lot of satisfaction from this game.Now the details...Using the gear is fast, exciting, and surprisingly nuanced. Yeah, you can run into buildings, your lines can be broken if something large like a tree gets in between you and what you're attached to. You can select which body parts to attack. So the movement actually requires some finesse, which I very much appreciate. With some practice you'll be swinging between buildings and Titans with impressive agility.Besides the story mode, which recreates the events of the first season of the anime so far as I've seen, there's scouting and expedition missions beyond the walls. There's a ton of these missions, many of them with extra things to do like setting mines. Some of the environments have cannons you can use to fire at Titans. So there's a lot of meat to this game.There's RPG elements such as leveling up, skills, and equipment upgrades. There's a very shallow conversation system and it's not open-world exactly. The game is very action focused and there's very little to do between missions. The levels can be really large though which makes the movement mechanics very fun.There's typical Japanese action game elements such as mission ranking and bonuses that give you more cash and materials for upgrading.Negative points. For the most part, you will be using your gear to swoop around the level and take down Titans with your swords. If you feel like this could get old, you may not want to play this game.Technical stuff. As other reviews have mentioned, yeah AOT wants to run in Win 7 compatibility mode if you're using a newer OS. I haven't seen any performace problems or crashes during the game.Some may wonder if this is a good game independent of the manga/anime that's worth the money for people who are unfamiliar with Attack On Titan. I'm not sure, perhaps not? You're certainly better off knowing what you're getting into. I think the best thing to do is find a way of watching the anime series to see if the world, characters, and action excite you like it has a lot of other people. This game lives up to the fantasy but whether or not the fantasy appeals to you is a different matter.Fans of the series that would really like to play a game where you have to master using the omni-directional gear and timing to take down Titans efficiently with mission ratings and plenty of opportunities to improve, you'll really like this game. Good on KOEI Tecmo for doing this right."
,Recommended,449800,25186793,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ender,"With only being 3 hours in, I'll come back and change this review if my mind changes.*edit - 10 hours in and the game is still freaking awesome, absolutely love it.  I will say make sure to play it on hard if you actually want a challenge and for goodness sake, get a controller.  The majority (if not all) the bad reviews refer to the keyboard controls.  I agree that the game should come with good K+M support, but don't let one bad aspect dampen your experience for an overall great game.This game is tons of fun.It's basically what you would get if you took the anime and:-Kept the amazing story-removed 80% of the tedious inner dialogues-actually be the one jumping around and killing titansThat basically sums up my first 3 hours.I am a bit annoyed at the lack of graphics options (no AA, VSync, and resolutions above 1080p) but with everything maxed out I stay pretty steady at 60fps, occasionally dipping down to 45, which is actually kind of sad for a GTX970, but I'm happy enough with it.I haven't had any of the control problems that others have had, I use a standard Xbox 360 controller.Assuming you have none of the issues others are running in to, this is a great game regardless of whether you have watched the anime.This is basically the opposite of No Man's Sky: no hype, low expectations, awesome game.Now if we could get a Claymore game . . ."
,Recommended,449800,25276572,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SpearStatic,Feels like you're spiderman slicing up big humans 10/10Also follows the story and keeps it fresh with 3D rendered cutscenes so it feels like it is its own thing.
,Recommended,449800,25346959,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mirriky,"This game hits every string I loveYou have a movement and a combat controls, depending if you are locking onto something or notIt gives you just enough control to feel incredibly responsive, while also managing just enough control for you to allow you to plan your movements and manage your equipment and timing. It just has this perfect balance. (Using a controler)Movement is incredibly fast paced and combat is meaty. You get a real sense of swinging that you would hope for.Hooks behave as you would expect, there needs to be a surgace to swing on, can't have something come between you and your anchor or the line breaks, and rope strength so you can't swing from a titan endlessly.During levels you also have to manage the battlefield and attend to situations and fufill requirments so it's more than just hack and slash. SOS cries when your ally is caught which you need to react to quickly or you lose them.Customise your equipment to fit your playstyle and the levels you are going into.Sticks to the story incredibly well, and allows you to play extra missions on the side if you chooseEach character has slightly different mechanics for you to use and adapt to, helps shake things upAnd yes.You can play as a Titan."
,Recommended,449800,25388402,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ThatEpicTragedy,"First, let me say that i have enjoyed the game so far. I've played through chapter 1 and am now on chapter two. One thing I will warn about, and I hope it's fixed soon because some controls are out of sync with the controller. I cannot speak for any controller other than Xbox One, but for that controller the controls do not match the buttons, the A X Y B is moved one to the left so the A button is B the X button is A and so on, in game. the right stick does nothing and cannot be set to anything in the controls options. right and left trigger strafe the camera, but that is hard to do while maneuvering and it makes for a clunky, sometimes blind flying, ride. If the controller issue can be fixed, I think this game would be even more incredible, if you're a fan of the show, I absolutely recommend it. The 3D menuevering is great, it could use some work, but it works very well. the attacks are fluid yet challenging to get the timing just right to get that great attack, and above all, who doesn't love to chop a titan down piece by piece? So, all in all, great game, just wish the controls for the Xbox One controller were synced properly."
,Recommended,449800,25350912,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BAWB.BAGET,"Captures the speed and movement of the anime pretty nicely. Feels like Spiderman.Combat is well done too, as it's not just mindless hack and slash. There are certain elements and nuances of the combat, such as choosing where to hit a Titan and ensuring you're in the line of sight and not blocked or rushed by another Titan. (which gets harder as you progress).Felt like I left a hole in my wallet with the $60 price, but I'll say after spending some time on it, I don't see this getting boring any time soon.Works fine on Windows 10 (Anniversary update).Would not recommend this if you don't have a controller.Currently using an Xbox One Controller (USB) via the following workaround.Issue: (For me) Right Trigger not working.Workaround:https://steamcommunity.com/app/37500/discussions/0/353916584661137682/So far, there's an issue with some binds not registering. For me, it's only the Right Trigger. Not so much the developer's fault as it is Windows being Windows. Follow the instructions above if you have controller issues for Xbox One. 360 users should not have a problem. Not sure about PS3/4 controllers."
,Recommended,449800,25218360,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,🌜 ａｎｇｅｒｙ 怒,"My only complaint is that it only goes up to the end of the anime. I want more story, dammit.Also the game is a little pricey, so I'd recommend picking it up during a sale."
76561198015522081,Recommended,449800,25180993,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MK1D,As long as you have a gamepad it's 10 out of 10.
76561198022785575,Recommended,449800,25210930,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,NegaGrier,"I have finally finished the Story Mode (Attack Mode) and I found it to be quite enjoyable. As a fresh face to the anime (still havent seen it all) I'm very happy with the purchase.The controls are great on controller, I'm reading a lot of people saying keyboard and mouse controls are terrible, haven't tried them. But the game controls REALLY well. Flying around with the ODM gear feels smooth and very enjoyable. I still have to do the Exhibition Mode and finish all the Survey missions but all in all it's worth the $55 or so I paid because it was on a little mini sale at the time I bought it.If you like the show, flying around and killing giant naked man babies, this game is for you!7/10. I mark it 7/10 because the Story was a bit short, I'm writing this review right after I finished the Story Mode so its about 7 Hours of gameplay. But I still have a lot of stuff to do so I'm rating it above average for having tons of content!"
76561198026420688,Recommended,449800,25183676,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheyCallMeGod,Really fun so far...Multiplay is dead howeverAlso you NEED a controller I cannot play with a keyboard at allBut enjoying it grpahics are nice gameplay is simple and smooth
,Recommended,449800,25175089,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jeeganboy,need to fix the controls (needs an emulator to fix the buttons) but other than that its all good for me
,Recommended,449800,25174181,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TheNarrator,The game is wonderful. It is very similar to the fan game but with more fluid controls. It's a little easier then the fan game but still very enjoyable. It has the whole story of the show in it which i really enjoy. It also contains a multiplayer although i havent had it work for me yet
76561198269229490,Recommended,449800,25174064,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lynch,"This game is awesomeness to the highest power!!! It's 100% just like anime. The japanese voice over with english subtitles is perfect for me since i prefer to watch all anime that way. Great graphics and game play both online and offline. Playing the game on the highest difficulty setting is like becoming one with anime(too intense!!!). I highly recommend this game.PC Specs:i5 4690960 gtx16GB ram60fps :)No glitches, frame drops, or crashes for me😆.PLEASE USE A CONTROLLER WHILE PLAYING!!!!!"
,Recommended,449800,25174418,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Y2BAE,Fun game. Button mapping is completely broken and needs immediate attention.
,Recommended,449800,25237028,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Spacecraftz,"From what i've played so far the game is great, Semi-Compatible with my ps4, Only problem is that the Xbox controls still show up, My only complaint about the game is that there are no English Voices..Which it doesnt bother me THAT much, But i perfer the dub over the sub..."
,Recommended,449800,25253279,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,NomadOfValhalla,"After playing this since it came out I have chosen to write a reviewA.O.T Wings of Freedom has been a rollercoaster of a game, one of koei's best in my opinion, They portray the anime's story very well without giving so much that you feel like you are playing the show. It sets you in a dynasty warriors like atmosphere working with teammates to clear the area of Titans, doing side missions, trying to get that Dire mission, and then finishing the mission.Pros-Great gameplay, fast paced with no faults in controls (user error will have you blaming the game)Story is fantastic, a little short, but the endless coop makes up for thatGreat for people new to the seriesGrinding for materials have been fun, (not a fan of grinding usually)Everything the Anime's fans have wantedCoop hasnt been an issue to myselfSlice the **** Out of titansCons-Titans limbs glitch, with the rag doll physics (not making the game unplayable)People complain about graphics and coop, but there have been fixesSome characters are so useless over the main 3ARMIN IS IN THE GAME (Worst character in the game.....)All in all the game has captivated me, a continues to shock me, i give it a9/10"
,Recommended,449800,25239303,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Marksman46,"So, my experience has been pretty amazing with the game so far. Killing Titans in crazy ways is fun, don't get me wrong. But aside from the story, this game really only has that to offer.The general challenge of this game is resource management. If you wanna just murder titans and have fun, I suggest getting Mr. Antifun's trainer.That being said, it's a good game, tiny bit repetitve, but they do add mechanics overtime, enough to keep me interested.Is it worth the pricetag? Yea, I'd say so. Flying and flipping is pretty damn fun, and so is cutting pieces of titans off. BUT I never feel all that tense when playing this game. I feel too powerful.Honestly, playing as Armin (I guess like, smallest spoilers in the world) was a wakeup call. It was the first time I had to rely on someone who wasn't ME to do damage. That was super interesting, and challenging!I hope there is more interesting stuff like that. I want to feel some of the hopelessness that AoT has always engendered. But, fun game overall. :D"
,Recommended,449800,25335839,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Big Johnson126,"Great game to kill time with. Slash and Dash never felt so fluid, swinging from one titan to the next just destroying them feels great until you see a friend being devoured like a cheeseburger by a fat kid, then reality sets in......the universe is full of casual and callous destruction and no matter how many titans you kill nothing else matters."
,Recommended,449800,25365466,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Bazz Games,This game kicks more♥♥♥♥♥than it has any right to. Imagine an ideal Attack On Titan licensed game. Do you like what you see? Then you'll like this game.
76561198258240802,Recommended,449800,30043688,Posted: 19 February,all,DeathScythe,"I would highly recommend this game to both fans of the anime and to someone who hasn't seen it. Graphics are great, the main story will take between 8-10 hours to complete and then you have plenty of side quests to do. The gameplay is fantastic, if not a bit repetitive but if you stop enjoying slicing limbs off giant nudists you may aswell be dead inside.8/10"
,Recommended,449800,25354588,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,日代 千鶴,"- good story- easy to control- my controller / gamepad work & not have a problem- good graphic ( light ,blue sky , grass , etc look good with high graphic setting )- can upgrade weapon ,etc- in battlefield you can recruit a random character to battle with you- online mode work 100% ,no lag or something like that- so easy kill the Titan and they run very annoying and weird- gore / Bloody  kill the titan and you shower with a many dirty blood- rank SSS in story mode- free DLC outfit for Eren ,Mikasa, and captain Levi ,adn one weapon- can up level character & got some skillLOL moment-litle bug when i stuck in the middle of two horse and the titan is so closethe best in this game is Mikasashe have cold personality and cold eyesso far this game very recommended and very good because i don't have problem and can run this game in my laptop & PC with high graphicripenglish"
,Recommended,449800,25373075,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Queen Chrysalis ♥,"Love it. Just... Love it.Loved the anime and now I get to play a proper game version of it too. The controls are fairly wonky on a keyboard, so I'd seriously suggest playing on a gamepad (I used an Xbox 360 controller).Things do get a little repetitive after a while, but it prevents the stale from setting in by adding new mechanics and gameplay options after every few ""missions"". I also love the voice acting and animations too, so flawless and nice.9.4/10. Very much love."
,Recommended,449800,25909131,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Two Tyson Chicken Patties,"I am not a big Attack on Titan fan by any means. I thought the story tried to accomplish too much with how short the anime was and there wasn't much character growth or development (if they survived for that long). But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did it spawn a great game.The slcing and dicing of titans is fun and simple but still a bit of a challenge. The story follows the show pretty closely, which is good because if it hadn't, what would it have been about amirite? Flying around a town or a forest feels fluid and fun and free. And they fixed a lot of the issues that have been with the games since it came out.Some characters are striaght up OP as hell (I'M LOOKIN AT YOU CAPTAIN LEVI), and because I'm a pleb I don't like that there wasn't an English language option. But those things aside, it plays really well and flying around is fun as it looks in the anime.I reccommend this highly for anyone that wants the thrill of killing titans from the comfort of your home."
76561198139899519,Recommended,449800,25214862,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ButterDewdrop,"Pros:1. Jaegers back to kill some titans2. There is litteraly a song called ""Can I touch your arrrrrrm?""Cons:1. I am 110% sure the keyboard controls were created having a titan stomp on the keyboard, and whatever keys they stepped on were the destined controls.2. Does anyone know how to fix this?https://gyazo.com/7921ac65f997eb3e3374a85ba9d69270I keep getting it on exactly that part.Otherwise for that one part that it keeps crashing for me, and the controls, I would have to say this is amazing game, and I'm pretty sure once you get around that crash and use a controller, it is an amazing game. 10/10 Would titan again."
,Recommended,449800,25231549,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"I get to wipe out Titans as Levi, 10/10 👍"
,Recommended,449800,25175322,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Harry,"This game is Awesome, totally recommended especially SnK and Spiderman fan, good gameplay,no slutter or lag, great port however there are no resolution settings above 1080p, no SnK anime theme and soundtrack . 8/10"
76561198145560566,Recommended,449800,25386908,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,eddy_g1996,one of the best games I played so far this year 20/10
,Recommended,449800,25165577,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Gynx,"WARNING TO USERS WHO DO NOT OWN A CONTROLLER. KEYBOARD AND MOUSE IS HIGHLY UNSUPPORTED WITHIN THIS GAME.Don't have a controller? Well then you're in for a bad time. Unless you don't care about accuracy.Game is great, bad port? maybe....... Still a good game. Promised 60fps is broken though, I'm capped at 59. -Love"
,Recommended,449800,25327172,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Val,The game is pretty funyeah its hard to control with the keyboard but with time (took me 20 min or less) it became alot easierside note : buy this game for potato girlalso the game works fine on windows 10 without crashing or fps drops
76561198054649134,Recommended,449800,25291338,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,LadyKurai,"This is probably one of my favourite games of all time.The speed and flow of the game is amazing and everything I hoped for.I'm definitely planning to 100% it.Even though many people say playing with the keyboard is a chore, I disagree.I was planning to buy a controller for this game aswell at the start, but thanks to the keybindings inthis guideI decided against it. Didn't take long to change them and they work like a charm.For me, the game is fast enough to not notice it is a bit repetitive. So even though I expected it due to the nature of the anime/game, I can play for a few hours straight without getting bored.I personally like the missions out in the open where you have to use the horse. Yes they feel slower, but they are part of the anime and thus, the game.The only negative thing I have to say is that the controls change after the mission. Its extremely confusing and always needs a bit of getting used to.Also even though I don't play online myself, I suppose I should mention there are issues with the online mode at the moment, however those are being looked at and worked on.So if you want to go multiplayer, you might want to wait a while."
76561198023637837,Recommended,449800,25884247,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sola Vi Ryuvia,"Loved the game, and when played with a controller makes it even better. It follows the story line very well even going past season 1 of the currently aired anime. Fun to kill titans but playing as Eren in his titan form feels alittle less than it could be. Wish we could play as Annie, and Ymir. But I do get why we can't. Still hopefully in a DLC we will get to be Ymir one day. Hope we get steam cards for this! In all great game for those that enjoyed the anime.5/5 would live in a cruel world again."
,Recommended,449800,25368271,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,PLAYERUNKOOKED,"You pretty much finish the whole thing in 9 hours and there isn't really anything else to do except repetitive and grindy expedition quests. I can't say it's worth the price but it is worth it if you like the anime Attack on Titan, the combat was done well and everything feels right. But if you didn't watch the anime or didn't read the comics then the game would feel a little bit cheesy for you, and it certainly is a generic japanese action game like Dynasty Warriors or even monster hunter, with even less contents. I do recommend this game for its satisfying combat but do wait for discount and ask your friends to buy it too, it is way more fun playing with friends.P.S.I started playing Battlefield 1 Beta one day after buying Attack on Titan and surprisingly I spent more time on Battlefield 1"
,Recommended,449800,25254294,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,AngLeezard,it wasnt a flop like the 3ds one
76561198041826040,Recommended,449800,25174783,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Outfoxt,"Pro:This game is a ton of fun and even more so if you're a fan of the AoT series. They also use the original japanese voice actors which is awesome.Con:Admittedly, the controls are a little squirly (even with a controller) and some tweaking will probably be necessary.Neutral:Similar to Senran Kagura, this game is episodic with intense 15min (or so) sequences and then a break where you can talk to your fellow Titan food and upgrade your gear."
,Recommended,449800,25175136,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dylan,once you get a hang for it its so much fun!!!
,Recommended,449800,25188611,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bitch Pudding,"feels like im playing the show. if you are an attack on titan fan, highly recommend."
,Recommended,449800,25248011,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Double ham on italian bread,"Quite expensive, but worth the money. A game I look forward to whenever I turn on my computer."
,Recommended,449800,25199977,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Flakweazel,"With alot of other reviews stating that the keyboard controls are trash, and claiming performance issues, I was expecting the worst. However, If you have a controller this game is really fun. I mean seriously its fun. I couldn't help but smile the entire time I was killing titans. The controls, with a controller, are pretty nice. I've played the fan games, including the one built in Unreal, and the 3dm gear was really complicated to use but got rewarding when you got the hang of it. This game simplifies this and makes it really easy and intuitive to get the hang off. Of course it does mess up once in a while, and yes sometimes the camera can ,once in a while, focus in an odd place. But really this game is meant to be played with a controller. No performance wise I really dont see any problems, other than cinematics have a tendanct to tear, even with freesync enabled, but i haven't noticed during gameplay.If you're a fan of the franchise, and have a Xbox or steam controller, I couldn't recommend it enough.Oh an expedition mode is amazing."
76561198017903548,Recommended,449800,32754925,Posted: 24 June,all,BecomingNut,"The Attack On Titan Game follows the story of the first season, and allows fans of the show to live a fantasy of hacking and slashing titans.I absolutely love it, using a ps4 controller through DS4 Windows I am really enjoying the combat in this game, lock on to a titan, choose a limb or nape, rotate around using ODM gear if needed then strike! It's a fairly simple combo after a while but that just allows for some amazing kills in quick succession.Moving around with the ODM gear is kinda like some spiderman games but it's still awesome, Combat is fun and allows for cool kill successions, story follows season 1 and recreates parts of the show in its game engine cutscenes which is nice.Comparing this game to the fan made attack on titan game on webbrowser its a lot easier to kill titans, takes less skill however it easily allows you to feel like a badass, and looks better and more similar to the shows style.If you like the show I'm sure you'll like the game too!Edit: Playing this game while listening to barricades is too good!"
,Recommended,449800,25786183,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,クレ イジ Emo,"Great game, but the multiplayer communication is ridiculous. There is no normal chat, but a voice chat. AND YOU CAN'T MUTE YOUR MIC INGAME. add mic functions ingame plz k thx bai"
76561198132577195,Recommended,449800,27910179,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vaangahla,"very fun game, follows the story line decently, and real easy to get a grasp on the controls, but over all super fun and easy to get into."
76561198315669875,Recommended,449800,32888010,Posted: 27 June,all,Russias Greatest Love Machine,Very good game much funapart from being called a weeb this game is greati cry at night sometimes
,Recommended,449800,32886529,Posted: 27 June,all,Choderlos de Laclos,This game is everything I'd want in an Attack on Titan game and more. The multiplayer is incredibly fun
,Recommended,449800,25335702,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Frantazo,"I started a new story mode game, then the tutorial begins in the training grounds, in a lucky strike i destroyed all the objetives by myself, so I thought, ""Oh! Eren can be the best indeed"". BUT! in the mission ending cinematic Mikasa still wining (all my efforts squandered).10/10 The natural order of the universe continues, otherwise would explode."
76561197994028532,Recommended,449800,32900834,Posted: 27 June,all,Suneku,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,449800,32811823,Posted: 26 June,all,Pixie,Super fun - must have a controller tho!
,Recommended,449800,32996023,Posted: 29 June,all,WalterJunior,♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome
76561198045760559,Recommended,449800,32972975,Posted: 28 June,all,CRUXIF3R,"If your a fan of the series and was wondering how well the combat/ using your omni-directional gear translate to video game form. I would rate it an A.  In terms of the Story, it is there I havent finished it, but have noticed that part of the series dialogues is in you interacting with other NPCs not specifically guiding you to talk to this or that person. I enjoy killing Titans but its really hard to combo from one titan to the next. when you get it though, it is awesome.Lastly,I play on my Alienware Laptop and had to play on the lowest resolution settings until finally I gave up on it lagging so much. I then found out it wasnt using my graphics card because of some windows 10 new update. I had to uninstall all the drivers for my Nvidia using ""Programs and Features"" on your Control Panel. Then had to manually install the driver. Make sure to NOT USE express install.When installing do a CUSTOM INSTALL!! and Select ""Perfrom a clean install"". This is what finally did it for me after 4 hours of troubleshooting.Using the auto detect will not install the driver properly to go to the Nvidia Control Panel to set AoT in using your graphics card.  Hope this helps some of you. The game is on highest settings now and boy does it play even more awesome!!"
,Recommended,449800,32990136,Posted: 29 June,all,Mordred,"I couldn't stop playing it the moment i bought itPeople have said it countless times and i'll say it again: if you're a fan of the series, you won't regret buying this game.(If you're a little low on funds i'd recommend waiting for it to be on sale)The ODM gear was surprisingly spot-on. It almost feels exactly how they use it in the anime, and it feels damn good to useThe gameplay and side missions do get quite repetitive and relatively easy (even on hard mode) but the character tasks/interactions, the achievements and getting the end game gear is still fun to do"
,Recommended,449800,25173542,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Necri,"In my opinion its pricey but, it is fun and enjoyable it has a few annoying things which i will list off But all in all i think its a brilliant game. it could be better in some aspects but all games can.Cons :Cannot mute voice chat (can go around it either mute mic, or change steam mic but would love a mute feature)Controls can be annoying at timesPros :Addicting combat, keeps you wanting more.Can get really challenging. combat seems easy at first but. one miss and you can end up dead, advice chop the arms off first.(Maps/Level) looks nice and its quiet diverse so i find it interesting changing from city's, to forests and open plains.It follows the attack on titan story, so if you like attack on titan its definetly a Pro.So to sum it all up, its decent, fun and enjoyable and like most KOEI games. its addicting.(Controller Recommended of Course)"
,Recommended,449800,33105803,Posted: 1 July,all,GutsRage,"Games awesome! tho mainly recommended for the hardcore fans of the anime is still a great and unique game. It can be repetitive for some but it does has lots of content!Lastly... if you do decide to buy, make sure to look into this guide if you wish to play as annie, reiner, ymir, and one more character:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=952604120And this guide for play it with keyboard and mouse (tho I play with keyboard alone just fine) :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=955683330Get it while on sale! 30 bucks for the game is still a well worth purchase if you like the franchise!"
,Recommended,449800,33048995,Posted: 30 June,all,FerPorto,"KOEI TECNO doing the impossible again, after the glorious Berserk game they managed to truly adapt Shingeky no Kiojin, It feels like watching an episode, the gameplay is amazing, the voices are on point, the music is great, and even the graphics were able to recreate the anime atmosphere, plus the 4 players online option, which can be improved but it´s a great adiction.Sasageyo/10"
,Recommended,449800,25206997,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Saura,Too much♥♥♥♥♥11/10
76561198000266166,Recommended,449800,25172164,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Black Hammer,"I recommend this with a caveat: you already liked Attack on Titan/Shingeki no Kyojin, either the anime or the manga. Is it an amazing game? No. Does it provide a sense of flying around slicing things to bits like Levi or Mikasa? Yes. Also provides a sense of faffing about and watching other people do the heavy lifting, if you play Armin.On the flip side, if you don't know who Armin is or why he's simply weaker than the other characters, and don't care for whacking obese cannibal Ken dolls, this is probably not the game for you.The port is of mixed quality. Multiplayer appears to have some weird crashing issues due to sloppy Steam voice interactions, many people (including myself) have had to use Xinput to remap controller buttons, and the game doesn't support resolutions past 1080. On the flip side, it runs smoothly (haven't noticed any FPS drops), once adjusted the controls suffer no input lag, and the graphics look better in play than in screenshots due to the speed you're usually moving around at."
76561198000810015,Recommended,449800,25331166,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TheMeltingMan,"The controls. Are. Garbage. GARBAAAAAAAAAGE. The game assumes youre using a controller. And the the controls they display in game are NOT the ones you actually have to use. And if you dont havea controller, you have to use the keyboard which wouldnt be bad if the controls were completed because there are some keys that arent even mapped. But that doesnt change that the game is ridiculous fun. Very worth it. Hopefully the devs take some time to fix the controls.Edit: they totally did, and this game rules"
76561198274751533,Recommended,449800,33287750,Posted: 5 July,all,Element_Senpai,"Great game, if you are an Attack on Titan fan you'll really appreciate this game"
76561198010543154,Recommended,449800,32938245,Posted: 28 June,all,CannonFodder,"i'd give this a 8.5/10. Only two major gripes. First is the less annoying of the issues. Titans can run through trees snapping your cables and the tree will still be there for them to rinse and repeat.Sounds annoying right? It is, but nothing in comparision to.The horse...It follows you everywhere. running infront of you screwing up your tethers, Jumps and or gas charge moves.Seriously im sure the devs put the horse in as a trolling mechanic because it's not like you need the sodding thing. I do most levels off the damn thing and still get around faster then if i used the horse....But besides these two really damn annoying issues. The game is really fun, the abnormals add a level of stratergy which keeps the combat strategic and fun.But seriously &*^£ that horse."
,Recommended,449800,32770494,Posted: 25 June,all,Steiner,Amazing Gameplay and I love this game very much
,Recommended,449800,32794070,Posted: 25 June,all,UnofficialName,Follows the first series of Attack on Titan and plays like Ninja Spider Man + Dynasty Warriors. I personally thought it was great.
76561198115277631,Recommended,449800,32784986,Posted: 25 June,all,Demon Fox,"This would be my first review for any game on Steam, and I've been here for a darn long time.Attack on Titan is one of the most gruesome animes, and this game manages to capture the essence of it quite naturally. But that's not all, this is literally one of the best adapted games from the anime. The fight mechanism feels no different than  it looks in the anime, perhaps its even better because now you are in the driver's seat.The 3D-movement gear is beautifully well implemented and the player character can move across the town/jungle like a better version of the Spiderman. The combat while may have a learning curve for some, it is exactly what should be if the player wants to feel the frustration of fighting a real titan.Many a times you die because you didn't think before anchoring a titan, or you misplaced your shot, or you didn't bother gauging your situation. Yes, you can callously go around slicing titans up, and if you get lucky you can even survive.This is easily one of the best series to game adaptations ever.A must buy for anyone who is a fan of the anime/manga!MIKASA FTW"
76561198143247917,Recommended,449800,25197124,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TeddyRay,Big fan of AOT and definitly i will buy this even i got wooden pc.
76561197960505093,Recommended,449800,25170601,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Teknootje,"I'm a big fan of the anime. And Koei Tecmo has brought it in a good way to PC and console. The graphics aren't top notch or anything, but just right to give you that feeling you are right there in the anime. The controls with a controller are also good and make you fly all around the Titans and kill one by one.The combat mechanic you that with is easy, fun and true to the anime. Besides that you can upgrade you're equipment like the blades and the vertical maneuvering equipment. You do that by earning funds, through killing of Titans and side missions.I haven't experienced any technical difficulties as of yet. And no slow downs or any performance impact.As a fan this is a must buy. But even if you don't know the anime, it is still a fun action game to play."
76561198120205891,Recommended,449800,25197258,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Koooooz,This game is so fun!!
,Recommended,449800,25174492,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BigT4203,"Playing this game with an Xbox One controller so I'm not sure how just playing with a keyboard is but the game feels like it is really made for a controller so if you plan on playing it, highly recommend you get one.Game is pretty solid otherwise so far. Highly recommend it, especially for Attack on Titan fans."
,Recommended,449800,32788401,Posted: 25 June,all,barefootchuck,"aot Wings of Freedom: easy to get easy to play, lots action and quick paced. No lengthy cinematic or learning curve. Great game!edit: for humanity sake, use a freaking game pad. dont try to keyboard/mouse it, unless you got skills like Levi, then well.. god speed"
76561198003315790,Recommended,449800,32777392,Posted: 25 June,all,MrT,Plays solid homage to anime. Not amazing but solid.Feels like they tried to do some strong focus on gameplay to get it to feel right and for the most part I think they nailed it.ProsBeen playing singleplayer only so far and it's fun and creative fighting with different characters.Killing titans is satifiying and doing it well takes some practice and creative play.Even purchasing gear and upgrading it to suit your style plays a part.ConsThe only problems I've had so far is sometimes the omni directional system is unpredictable.You think your supposed to fall and your somehow hoving and flying over rooftops anyway.Other times anchors hold on through buildings while letting go from the line brushing the slightest obstruction.Sometimes your just trying to move forward to the next objective and your stuck in the ground or railings from the grapple gear.Also somewhat easy to lose track of your health.
,Recommended,449800,25223039,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,hot dogs,"loving the game right now and shooting for 100% completion but there are some things the average consumer should know about.- story mode is pretty short, covers the first season of the show- i had to dust off my xbox one controller to play, my 360 controller was not playing nice with this game. god i cant even imagine using keyboard since there isnt REAL M&K support- you gotta not mind some grinding. this is pretty much dynasty warriors with 3d maneuver gear, which is as sick as it sounds, but there are a lot of maps to play in either expedition mode online or solo. also  when you finish the story you can do the solo content there too as well as get some extra missions afterwards.- weapons are upgradable, there is a fair variety to choose from as well as 3d maneuver gear itselftl;drdynasty warriors with 3d maneuver gear, can seem repetitive but the gameplay is a blast. do not buy for the story alone, and you gotta not mind a little grind. also avoid if you dont have an xbox one or steam controller, though i suppose DS4 would probably work too i havent tried it.sick game"
76561198038305133,Recommended,449800,33381759,Posted: 8 July,all,D Pool,"very nice game! I should say that I play with a gamepad, as that seems to be the biggest complaint from what I have seen from the less than favorable reviews I have seen. it is somewhat short in terms of the story mode, although expedition mode seems quite extensive, and also offers online play! once the story missions are completed, the game allows you to replay the missions with characters other than the one you played with the first, even ones that were not there at the time! while the combat IS repetitive, I still feel satisfied taking down enemies, and it is by no means boring in spite of this. all in all, I give it an 8 out of 10, cheers!"
76561198098458225,Recommended,449800,25330870,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,KingCobra,"One of the best games this company has ever made, it is way better than dynasty warriors and samurai warriors. I havent had any crashes with this game so i really think it depends on how strong your PC is. the downfall of this game was the controls on the keyboard were horrendous and the graphics were okay. I really recommend this game if you like this anime, you will get hooked with this game if you watched and loved the anime."
76561198048873269,Recommended,449800,25236023,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Punished Mobius,360 controller is recognized but doesnt actually do anything when you press buttons (I am not the only one So I assume we will see something about that in the next patchlist) so I had to play on my steam controller which was less that ideal for targeting body parts. Hardware issues aside all this game needs to do to stay on my good list is to crank back the fov a touch and allow me to target a titan from a longer distance. Because it is sometimes annoying having to get right up in its grill just to target the damn thing. I don't appreciate the tacked on crafting system it is clearly there just to pad the game Other than that I can't complain about this game.
,Not Recommended,449800,33090040,Posted: 1 July,all,Mad Moose,"If you have a console controller this would be a fun game but without it, you cant get passed the tutorial part. some controls cant be changed and the mouse does not exist in this game. Until they fix that i cant recommend this game."
,Recommended,449800,33406474,Posted: 9 July,all,Jetty,"If you're a fan of the series and have a controllerit's deffinetly a good buy, but I wouldn't pay more than $20. It has a solid story mode based on season 1, although after that there really isn't much to it."
76561198117826474,Recommended,449800,25185115,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jiggy The Poo,"My first review ever; so I will keep it short and sweet. I feel that this is a damn good game, and is worth your hard earned money.  Feel the game looks smooth, and plays smooth. Not a CPU head, but if you have a decent rig, you should be good to go."
76561198066224214,Recommended,449800,33157870,Posted: 2 July,all,Akame,"Overall, this game is great. It runs smoothly and looks great, and the controls make sense. Playing it is really fun and addicting. As with any game though, there are some cons. Despite this, I reccomend this game 100%.Pros-1) Addictive and fun gameplay.2) Follows the storyline with well animated cutscenes.3) Graphically consistant and fluid.4) After beating the story there is still a ton of stuff to do.5) Extra expeditions and challenges after main story without and dlc or extra money.6) You can unlock a fairly good amount of characters to play as.7) Each character has their own unique abilities and playstyles.8) You can play as titan Eren. That speaks for itself.9) After completing challenges cutscenes can be unlocked, some of which the dialouge is from an OVA.10) Once you get used to the controls, you can kill titans like a badass whenever you feel like it.cons-1) Movement of titans can be kind of janky especially after taking down the legs.2) When buildings are destroyed on/near you, it can be really difficult to find yourself and get out of the mess. Titans will also occassionaly get stuck in walls. (Ironic, I know)3) The collection system to upgrade weapons and gear can be a bit too tedious and confusing.4) You can actually go TOO fast for side missions and the flow of things falls behind. (This is rare though, only happens when I go beast mode with Levi)."
,Recommended,449800,35154894,Posted: 23 September,all,Malachiah,"Some would say that a fan's opinion would be biased, because of course, franchise forged opinion would lead them to want to like the game, and forget about the cons of the product. But I say differently - a true fan will berate the product if it's not to their liking, because it doesn't capture the essence of what it should be - in other words, it doesn't stand up to the franchise. And, having been following the anime series and been reading the manga - and if you haven't, I suggest you do so -, I like to think it's in the last category I would find myself in. In other words, I will not spare this game, just like a Titan would not spare a human.That been said...After I've played this game for a few hours, I have to say that I'm positively satisfied with what I see. The game matches the environment within the Walls to a near-perfection, matching the hardships that the members of the Survey Corps have to go through to defeat the Titans.The game follows the premise of the story, with some clever liberties taken to have you feel like you're part of not only the game, but also the setting. One of the examples I can recall, is when the Colossal Titan starts busting the wall to get the Titans to go in, you have to shoot the Titan in order to weaken it, so it doesn't bust it from top to bottom. In the anime and manga, there's no such thing, as Eren impulsively charges at the Titan, at which point this one as disappears as quickly as it appeared.For the story to progress, you have to carry out the main assignments given to you, with the optional side-quests to save your fellow men and add a few more Titan kills to your count. You can lose yourself to these side-quests, but don't go and forget what your main assignment is. Some of such assigments are time-based, and failing to complete them will cause you to lose the game.When I said that you go through the hardships of the Survey Corps, I wasn't lying. You need to check the state of your gear and resupply every now and then; luckily, there are usually ressupliers in the area - provided that the Titans haven't eaten them, though I'm not sure they don't do so in the game, or at least drive them away when the zone becomes too hot -, and if there are not, you can always restock on items from your fallen comrades.On the note of a zone becoming too hot, believe me when I tell you it's possible for that to happen. You can find yourself surrounded by Titans, have your line paths blocked by the moving Titans, have them counter-attack you - watch your six on that one -; it's not impossible for them to grab you, at which point you'll have to fight your way to freedom, otherwise you'll go down a Titan's throat as food, and in history as a Survey Corps statistic.Now, the playability. It took me a bit to master the controller - yes, controler; I found the game having too many movement variables for a keyboard, and therefore virtually unplayable in that fashion - into having just the right timing to go in for the kill. And I'm still learning; although, I will admit that my controller is an old model (maybe some 10 years, if not more), which would fit more into the category of compatible rather than adequate. (With the instructions on the screen saying 'A', 'B', 'X' or 'Y', when those buttons are numbered 1 through 4, I sometimes mess it up. My fault, not really the game's; the search for a new controller will begin soon.Not having addressed this earlier, the visuals are a perfect match for the anime counterparts, from the characters' likenesses to their movements as you jump and swing across the rooftops and alleyways. Add to the fact that the game is no short on action, this is a must have I doubt you'll feel disappointed with, wether you're a fan or not."
76561198128989347,Not Recommended,449800,35509487,Posted: 5 October,all,ZXD_Ninja Tuna,The controls are ♥♥♥♥ing horrific. How am I supposed to play the game where i can't use a mouse!!!!
76561198064705445,Recommended,449800,29960539,Posted: 16 February,all,The entire population of Sweden,"Good game. Makes it more less ""exciting"" thought when you've already seen the anime but watch the anime before playing. Just a tip."
,Recommended,449800,27158438,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LU1J1X,"Even though Koei Tecmo games have been really bad ports, this ones quite solid.It is restricted to 60fps, but I consider that the baseline, more would be nice, but 60 is perfectly playable.And the game even runs on my notebook, so good optimization.The gameplay is great, they must've spent a long time just creating a nice feeling for the 3D maneuver gear.Oh boy, they succeeded, it feels so good.Granted there isn't much variety in the game aside from some titan levels, but you still hunt for upgrades.And I think as long as the main gameplay is fun, the lack of variety isn't that bad.I don't regret having bought this day 1 a single bit. Must-have for shingeki no kyojin fans"
76561198040837514,Recommended,449800,25351600,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Brudda,"Attack on Titan is an excellent game with high replayability, I definitely recommend purchasing this game.The gameplay mechanics are what makes this game fun, getting to swing/fly around the map and killing titans.  You go through story mode and pretty much kill titans while doing simple objectives such as defense or escorts, this is the bulk of the game.  You also have expedition mode where you can pick a character and complete maps.The game is easy on normal mode, but the difficulty ramps up after you beat the main story.  A new story mode unlocks, NG+, here the titans are much more aggressive and have higher HP.  You also have to manage your resources and be very aware of your terrain.There is a very light crafting system, where you gather materials from completing missions and killing titans to make new equipments.  You can make weapons, scabbards/sheaths, and canisters.  They each have 3 stats and they vary depending on the item you make, so you can make what suits your needs.The game can get very repetitive, but if you enjoy the novelty of flying around and killing titans you will definitely sink a lot of hours into this game.  Also you can watch videos and read reviews all you want, but you really won't get the full feel of the game.  This is one of those games where you just have to play and give your own judgment."
,Recommended,449800,25403425,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Local Hyena,"Pro: As fun as I imagined the concept would be in videogame form, sucked me in for quite a few hours after first starting it up 👌Con: It suffers from the same sort of problem fighting games tend to get when put up on PC when it comes to how down right awful the keybinding layout is done [Doesn't even use the mouse for camera movement]The controls are spread across from WASD for movement, TFGH for camera, and IJKL for actions.So unless you have three hands or a masochist, I STRONGLY recommend hooking up a controller for playing the game."
,Recommended,449800,25200230,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,W1ldhaggis,no english dub?glorius nippon strikes againwould recommend 10/10
76561198076965218,Recommended,449800,25400513,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Pelle,"Good game! but i would recommend you to but it on a sale because this game is not worth 59,99€8/10"
,Not Recommended,449800,33126061,Posted: 2 July,all,Darkmtbg2,"as a full 60€ it doesnt live up to its price ..TLDR I wouldnt pay full price for this game even if you have a controller.The controls on Keyboard in the game is exremely confusing at best its like default settings areCombat keys are WASD does what you would expect them to TFGH moves the camera(the camera isnt that good either in my opinion) IJKL controls attack,Onmidictional gear, Gas and Locks on nearest target(if in range of one) respectively,123 controls switch item to the left,Use the item and switch item to the rightQP is Left button and right button on a controllerThe graphics on max are amazing compared that its original anime style and manga, it fits the game in a good way.The way you can see your current character have the little things you have in a battle is kinda nice to see that the few cutscenes are close to what the game would render as far as i knowThe menu has a big problem if you dont v-sync it like depending on the hardware you can hit more than 600 fps which makes it impossible pick a gamemode or options screen so you can basically not do anything on the screen.theres a lack of mouse supportIf you want a good game you probaly shouldnt get this game for the full 60€ in europa and with the amount of dlc there is its not much of a game, it seems that they just set the price up just because its AOT and 1€ for each mission is just money grapping at this time (should be said i havent bought any of the dlc)"
,Recommended,449800,25174692,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mytharios,"Well! Where to begin,I very nearly decided against this purchase due to the sudden and swift influx of Negative Reviews stating that the game wasn't running as intended and various crashing issues, well, 3.5 hours into the game and I'm glad to say that I've experienced nothing but crisp, smooth gameplay.While I would normally go straight to English Dubbing and poop all over a game that doesn't have it, I've actually somewhat enjoyed my experience more than I had expected!Another factor to point out that actually surprised me was that I have never used my PS4 Controller on my current rig and it worked flawlessly, absolutely ZERO issues, just plugged it in and off Titan slaying I went!My current rig stands at: i7 4790k @ 4.6GHz OCMSI ATI Radeon RX 480 8GB16GB DDR3 Corsair Vengance @ 2100MHz (OC)1x SSD 1x SSHDRandom ASUS Mobo that I got cheapWith the above rig specs, I've had literally zero issues, everything is enabled and working flawlessly.SO, with that in mind, if you are a fan of the Attack On Titan Anime and feel that same feeling I felt while watching it (""Man, I'd love to be able to play as one of these characters and feel the rush of slaughtering a Titan the way I'd want to do it!"") then I'd highly suggest this as a game to pick up!The price is a little steep but with the amount of fun I've had so far and the amount of fun I will continue to have, I'd have to say value for time and enjoyment well spent so far!Giving this a solid 8.5/10 purely based on my love for A.O.T and the enjoyment experienced thus far and that a controller is pretty much the ONLY way to get the maximum enjoyment from this game."
,Recommended,449800,32726589,Posted: 24 June,all,Pacific Hero,"So exciting! Flying around as if you were in the animation.However, the game lacks tension. The atmosphere makes you not afraid of being captured by the giants...By the way, the control instructions are not adapted for the keyboard users..."
76561198045042312,Recommended,449800,25310349,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Flow,I'm having a lot of fun with this game !Now that the open mic bug is fixed It's finally pleasant to play online without crashes.I strongly recommend to play this game with a controller for fluid gameplay.I hope they will optimise the game a bit because sometimes there's fps drops when you destroy some parts of the maps. But besides that I have 60 stable fps all the time.I also hope the game will be frequently updated and more content will be added !Also the price is too heavy to be honest It should be at 35~40$ at most. So get it when on sale.Have fun !
76561198162165911,Recommended,449800,25736026,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Peter File,Awesome game.bit cheeky that they want you to buy more episodes.
,Recommended,449800,33061936,Posted: 30 June,all,Toasties,SASAGE YO (use a controller)
76561198185748199,Recommended,449800,32968525,Posted: 28 June,all,noman15nz,If you want to have a loose version of the first 2 manga archs and wanna kill titans well this is good to pick up!
,Recommended,449800,25374585,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sharif,"A.O.T is a steam punkish, victorain hack and slash based on the tv series and manga with the same name.So lets dive on in to the fact that this a port, that limts you to using the keyboard like it has two thumb sticks and with no mouse surrport you will most likely will not be playing this with controller.The combat of the game is very basic with very little diffrence between each charcters, it becomes extremely repetative after a while doing the same thing aim,graple dash and slash. The missions are fairly simple escort, kill titains and save people with the escort missions being a pain when the person your escorting sometimes just starts walking in a circle there arent to many missions i think 24 then alot of side quests giving you about 3 hours of gamplay if you dont do any side quests. now lets end with with the pros the story is great. it has the orignal japanese voice actors (i thought the acting was a bit over dramtic but i dont speak or watch alot of japanese ahows and people to see how they express them selves so ill take thee word of every one else and say its good ) i found being the titain fun all the time but i still wish it had more.my verdict:While being very basic in combat and mission the story is amazing but short.this game is basicly half game but its a great half a game i recommend buying it on a steam sale or if your a die hard fan. 6/10"
76561198260588075,Recommended,449800,25162593,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Serpilot,"i like the game, but could really use mouse suport, reset look controls to the numpad and works fine"
76561198086329142,Recommended,449800,25165767,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Chasemania,"Ok this is seriously the Titan murder simulator you've been asking for. I don't know what else people could possibly want in a game like this. You literally are doing everything they do in the anime. The only real complaint I have is that they could do some better wall running physics to naturally get around, but beyond that I'm a Titan hunting machine and that's all I need in life right now! Please consider VR Attack on Titan! Also one other minus I guess is no cloud save. Just loaded this up on my laptop and it didn't transfer my save state from desktop so that kinda sucks."
76561197961076890,Recommended,449800,29886270,Posted: 12 February,all,Radical Edward,I wasn't sure how much I would like this game but it is SO MUCH FUN!CONTROLLER NECESSARY (I Have used a PS4 controller with DS4 support and the Steam controller and prefer the PS4 controller due to a second joystick.)-Combat is well done with the Omni Directional Mobility (ODM)-Sink your anchors into the titans and cut them limb from limb or one to the nape-Surprising amount of content in story mode and does a good job of telling season 1-Expedition mode can be played alone or with friends and is a blast-There is loads of content in Expedition and Scouting missions-Multiple characters with various talents-Level each character individually and play as your favorites in expedition-Sometimes ODM can be tricky but once you get a feel for it you will be slicing and dicing-Get materials and funds to upgrade your gear and buy a new mount-There is plenty more to say but check out a gameplay video or give it a chance and refund it if you hate it-I grabbed it 50%OFF and it is totally worth it!ENJOY!
,Not Recommended,449800,33091412,Posted: 1 July,all,Kasar567,The game is not good and almost cant be played without a controller
76561198336829266,Recommended,449800,34489364,Posted: 25 August,all,tinyboxtim1777,"GOD D*NM THIS IS AMAZING, I FINISHED IT AND IM EAGERLY AWAITING THE NEXT GAME! 1000/10"
,Recommended,449800,25247891,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Aimbot_Pekalongan.EXE,"Saw this game on my Queue, immediately bought the game for no reason, 9/10 for gameplay provided you have a controller / joystick, would love to see other people play co-opPs. Sold my csgo inventory for this"
,Recommended,449800,25402827,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,♪ DcJ ♪,Overall it's a pretty fun game and it's a good time killer.9/10(Would give 10/10 but it needs more Marco)
76561197982533192,Recommended,449800,34157688,Posted: 10 August,all,Annie レオンハルト,Probably the best game I ever playedMore updates would be cool.
,Recommended,449800,33367226,Posted: 8 July,all,Kawaii Guy,Slaying giant naked people is fun.
,Recommended,449800,32691241,Posted: 23 June,all,LandStalkerN3,Spiderman + Godzilla = win
76561198283432043,Recommended,449800,33582215,Posted: 16 July,all,petterwoofer,Good game for anyone who likes Attack on Titan. I hope they will make another game from season 2
76561198200799282,Recommended,449800,25163639,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Your step son,If you would like to see a gameplay running at 60fps for a general idea of how it will play click herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPyG9zs1KtUHEY!! This game is runs really well! Some people are complaining about things like crashing and to be honest I think they just didn't read the minimum Spec's require for the game.Yes this game runs amazing at a solid 60fps with everything all the way up.Yes you need to use a controller. It's not a big deal.The game is amazing point black period and if your pc can't run the game its more than likely your pc's fault.For all Anime lover's and people that are interested in the game believe me you will fall in love with this game. So please read the minimum Spec's require for the game before you startraging in the Forum.
,Recommended,449800,25222790,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cock The Glock,Very good game folows the story.If you DON'T Own an Xbox One or Steam Controller The Controls are♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,449800,25230032,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,❖XANDER FORD❖,"One of my most anticipated game this year. My flames were burning from the start, but slowly fades at the end. It's so short. It's like eating food on a plate using a big spoon. Haven't finished it yet... Just doing the side story(?). Hope the story goes past season 1."
76561198012835730,Recommended,449800,25176849,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pro Dark Dragon,really nice gamenice actionnice ideajust wished  that they put the same music on the anime but still nice music the game have
76561198130247391,Recommended,449800,25177189,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Attack titan878,I love this game so much :)
,Recommended,449800,31768465,Posted: 15 May,all,Kimuraa,"Attack on Titan / A.O.T. Wings of Freedom came out late last year on the PC. It currently costs $60 USD on Steam, but is it worth it?Personally, for me, yes, but I do think it is a recommendation that will change depending on you, let's find out if you'd like it...Full review here:https://www.kimuraview.com/reviews/2017/4/5/attack-on-titan-aot-wings-of-freedom-reviewPROS V CONSPROS- Fast gameplay, action packed, fun to play.- The game does a great job always keeping you doing something in the map, zipping around with timers, creating an overall hectic and fast feel.- Playing in Co op is great fun, even if it doesn't add a lot.- Lots of content.CONS- Repetitive, if you are looking for a hugely wide variety of content, then you may be disappointing.- If you're familiar with the famous Attack on Titan Fangame, found HERE, then this game is not a similar experience. The gameplay is nowhere near the depth and is much more simple.- AI pathing is troublesome in escort objectives.- The Voice Chat in Co op is always on, you have to do some workarounds to disable it.SUMMARYIt's a fun game with plenty of content if you are ok with repetition. If you're gonna play it solo, definitely wait for it to be cheap. If you're a big fan, or you want to play with a friend then it's probably worth it at full price in my opinion. Just keep in mind that the multiplayer is a bit finicky.ATTACK ON TITAN / A.O.T. WINGS OF FREEDOM = BUY ON SALE70/100AOT PC GAMING WIKI LINK ( To help fix some of the problems of the port) :http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Attack_on_TitanFix for the multiplayer voice problems can be found here:https://steamcommunity.com/app/449800/discussions/0/359547436750866418/"
,Recommended,449800,25356553,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,TheLeafme,"Kinda Terrible controller bindings, but lots of fun, especially if you're a filthy piece of weeaboo trash like I am!Buy it, slay titans, and most of all realize that humanity is cattle.2/3 walls still under humanity's control"
76561198010505360,Recommended,449800,25225176,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Klumiko,"Fast paced, fun and addictive10 out of 10 would mutilate naked giant midgets again"
,Recommended,449800,25178809,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pixelica,"Pro:-Game run at constant 60FPS-Nice fast action paced game-Game did a good job portraying the anime-Jumping and flying around the city and titan is really funCons:-Getting repetitive-Game force you to play certain character in story mode (I hate Armin)-Why there is no Vsync option? I have to turn it on from Nvidia CPPpl oh ppl, stop whining about controller, it's so obvious that game like this best played with controller. What else you expect, it's hack and slash game made for console in design.Also, controller is cheap... I mean, c'mon..."
,Recommended,449800,25196823,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,backslash-f,"Fantastic gameplay! Very well executed project, very nice piece of software. Congrats to the devs."
,Recommended,449800,25190480,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bruce!,"Mikasa is still bae, my lord."
,Recommended,449800,27223355,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neko Len,This Game Is awesome.If you like:1. Fast gameplay2.Attack on Titan3.Sword Play4.beeing spoderman5.PootisThen this is a game for you.
,Recommended,449800,25169441,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,UnrealDisplayer,"From the little bit that I have played, I can only recommend this game."
,Recommended,449800,25161953,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TROLL u mad bro?,Game is alot of fun and here is why!1.It has beautiful graphic2.Follows the storyline of the series3.Great gaming experienceAND4.You can kill all those sons of bit*** and trust me you will enjoy it! ^^
76561198043792739,Recommended,449800,25161493,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SammyBaws,"Playing it with a controller, the game is pretty fun. It doesn't go really deep but killing titans is cool! :)Had to force V-sync on via nvidia. No problems so far."
,Recommended,449800,25162307,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,UmineRin ~ <3,they port it really good for day one.play around one hour and no crash/ no fps drop at all.control seem weird but you can change them.controller is recommend.
,Not Recommended,449800,33125234,Posted: 2 July,all,zibbazabba905,No Mouse support in current year game. Instant uninstall and refund
,Recommended,449800,25439418,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Brian Core,"The game is fun, moving around with the Omni-directional Maneurvering (ODM) gear is freaking awesome, and you feel like a badass when you are taking down your first Titans.The rush when killing titans dies rather quickly because it's easy to kill them, especially if whoever you are playing as has the Chain Attack skill (Mikasa and Levi for example.) What I don't think will get old any time soon for me is speeding around with the ODM gear. It just becomes ZOOM ZOOM ZOOM.There is variety of gear that obviously, to my knowledge, is not canon but heck if it ain't fun taking one of the ODM and scabbards with high reel speed, gas capcity, and gas pressure, it is just so much fun zooming around.Once you learn the attack pattern, the combat gets repetitive and dull though.Is it a great game? Yeah, I am enjoying myself.Is it worth $60? No, I don't think so. I highly recommend finding it on sale somewhere wherever it may be on sale for whichever platform of your choice.Do I recommend it? Yes. I give it my thumbs up."
76561198120867881,Not Recommended,449800,27965249,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Master Shake,"Since kids need someone to explain why a game sucks to them I will.First-Nobody plays the online mode, o and when they do it is usually some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who runs in and kills the final objective before you grind out items you need to..... see belowSecond-You do the same thing over and over again.  You level up, which does nothing but grant you access to new gear to........  Kill the same thing over again.  Grind items for said gear and then.....  Kill the same thing again.  Also if you are totally super awesome like everyone else, you will eventually beat the game and then get to do the end game content which is.....  THE GAME ALL OVER AGAIN but this time......  Harder.  J/k, it's really not harder because by the time you finish the story you will be super geared up.Third- THE DLC IS WAY OVERPRICED.  These guys are scumbags.Forth-You will be in the middle of killing a titan and all of a sudden there will be a cutscene of a titan walking in, which then resets everything you were just doing and is super annoyingPROSThe spiderman web crawl anchor system is fun as hell.The story is pretty much the anime.Some fights are fun unless you are as geared as I am and can pretty much one shot everything."
76561198025209169,Recommended,449800,25161266,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ALDHAHERI,I Am A Big Fan Of Attack On Titans AnimeAnd I Simply Say About This GameAswesome Game
,Not Recommended,449800,27083414,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkovika,"Right off the bat- I was REALLY enjoying this game.I liked it so much, I actually replayed the second level 5 times. Unfortunately, I wasn't replaying it out of desire- I was replaying it because the game continued to crash.The second level wasn't my first run-in with crashes either, it'd been crashing from the moment I left the tutorial. There's no support as far as I can tell, and the solutions online are for computers with integrated graphics cards... Which mine is not.The game was incredible fun up to this point. I like Attack On Titan well enough, I watched the anime once and have never read the manga, but when it was working there was something REALLY exhilirating about flying around an entire town, getting ready to angle my character and slash at a titan. It was actually incredibly addicting, which is why I tried REALLY REALLY hard to get it to play.This appears to be ONLY a PC problem, so if you're wanting to play the game, I'd suggest getting it on a console, at least until we get reviews that feature fixes for the issues this games presents. It's so high quality and the gameplay felt so good- up until it crashed at nearly exactly the same point every single time. Heartbreaking.Edit: IF YOU PLAN ON BUYING IT ANYWAY AND ONLY HAVE A KEYBOARD, DO NOT. You can NOT change any of the button mapping."
,Recommended,449800,31123753,Posted: 13 April,all,Taka,"You need a controller, very complex to play on Keyboard.The Game was great at first but i needed a controller."
76561198257573070,Recommended,449800,31149400,Posted: 14 April,all,JungleJosh,not a bad game good concept
76561198206406836,Recommended,449800,25517519,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,(PHS) MediumMetal,"Great game, I highly suggest getting a logitech controller if you don't already gave one. You'll enjoy the game much more!"
,Not Recommended,449800,32703010,Posted: 23 June,all,eoliza,Wanted to play this with my wife and I'm dissapointed to say that it's a horrible port with so many issues that it's simply unplayable. Not recommended even though it's 50% cheaper.
76561198171445713,Recommended,449800,25392468,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bunny Potato AIm,"The game is really fun if you like the anime than you'll like it even more. Its a fun but repetitive game I like the manga, anime, and now I'm in love with this game. If you dont have a Playstation or Xbox controller I don't recommend it. The keyboard mapping isn't good at all. If you have a controller you get used to the mapping of everything after the first few trainings and mission. I haven't had it crash on me or anything even while playing with a friend which is alot of fun just slaying a ton of titans with a friend or two.Buy the game if you want to, don't let other people opinions persuade you to buying it or not. Yeah sway you to one direction more than the other but just do what you want if you want a fun but really repetitive game that has horrible keyboard mapping but has a nice feel on a controller go for it. If you like the anime and the manga and you want to slay a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of titans go for it. IF you cant stand that much gore there is an option in the settings to make it a lot less bloody for people who dislike it.What I'm going to say is if you have some spare cash and you really like this anime go for it, play it for a little bit under 2 hours and see how it feels if you dislike it refund it you get your money back and you don't have to think about it. Its fun like really fun."
,Recommended,449800,25326023,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sgt Elliot,Decently playable on keyboard. You just have to change the keybindings because the default keybindings are just awful. Overall the game is pretty awesome.
,Recommended,449800,25262136,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TokyoBanana90,"Was really excited to play this game, unfortunetaly i've spent an hour configuring the controls as it was so confusing and when I finally finihed the tutorial the game starts to crash every now and then. I hope a new update comes soon and fix this problem as it was an enjoyable game killing titans and all. Please fix asap! It's not cheap I would say. So please make what I paid for worth it :(Recommending is a yes but with the constant crashes.. maybe not.. for now."
,Recommended,449800,25205204,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ANG3LIC,"This game is more fun than any mortal sin has the right to have.I hate how games like AOT and God eater arent advertised on steam, i saw both mere days before release and had no idea they would port it to PC.I have a weak ish PCi3 3.1GTX660 2gb8GB DDR 3 RAMand the game runs smooth on max at 60 fps (dipping to 50 sometimes), the combat is fast fluid and really fun, if you liked traveling as spiderman you will love this although having to refull gas cans and restock blades breaks flow a little. The artists nailed to look and the game in both charater models and areas along with the origanl voice actors (no eng dub, i dont care but you might)Id HIGHLY recommend a controller,im using a xbox one controller and have 0 issues with it.The game has negative points,* must be played in window 7 mode* must use a controller* no eng dub* little graphical settingsall in all its a very solid game and port and i recommend it to any AOT fans or anyone looking to have a good hacky slashy fun time."
,Recommended,449800,25171452,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Je,"I have done nearly 100 % on ps4 now i will do it again, BUT ITS IN ENGLISH :Damazing game 9/10 hands down"
,Recommended,449800,25205528,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Tom,"Without those crashes, it would be perfect. 9/10"
,Recommended,449800,25472544,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Son of Apollo,"I just bought the game and i think it is a 11000000/10 game (Witch might be pretty high) So if you are looking to buy the game is think its worth it. But this is just my opinion and if u are looking at this, move on to someone elses!Watch for the ending its awsome!"
76561198019084848,Recommended,449800,25328024,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Havel the Cock,"Feels real good man, feels reeeeeal freakin good.Pros:1) Swing around like Spiderman2) Slash open giant man-baby zombies3) Run like ninja, feel like ninja4) Truly satisfying when you save dinky NPC friends5) Tells the story of the anime pretty well, even covering a tad bit not shown in Season 1Cons:1) No English (I'm lazy man, I don't feel like reading all the dialogue.)2) Repetitive, not in a horrible way, but still.TL;DR - If you like Attack on Titan and you liked any of the Dynasty Warriors games, it's worth picking up."
76561198031994802,Recommended,449800,25278971,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DarkXuin,"I'm in love with this game! It's a great spectacle fighter like dynasty warrior except with titans! The combat is fast and flashy and you can pull off some sick moves as you get better with the ODM gear. One of my favorite moments was when I dashed between two titans, killing them both in one swing, then chained into a third killing it as well.Things I liked:-Combat is fast paced, easy to learn/hard to master-Tons of missions, albeit on about 7-8 huge maps (I didnt count and I havnt completed the game yet)-Varied difficulty (missions are rated from 1-10 stars, 10 being the hardest)-Semi-complex Crafting system (You can make your own weapons and gear from ""developments"" you learn as you level up. Then you can combine the diffrent gear in order to buff certain stats or upgrade the weapon to the next tier)-Co-op. I havn't tried it yet but, it has i'm guessing at least 100 missions you can play coop (i'm still unlocking them all, i'm at around 90) and it even has a mode that will send you on missions back to back.-Small character variety. It's not a completly new expierience with each character but, they do varry in their strengths and abilities (Levi is a titan killing machine).Things I didn't like:-Horses are literaly the worst. The poor AI tries to stay near you and in your vision so it'll end up blocking your attacks from the ground a lot. Also, the horse will stop sprinting if they hit the smallest terrain bump.-Titans glitching into terrain. It happens a moderate amount but, most of the time it isnt a problem or noticable. The worst is when your trying to attack a certain part for mats and the titan is hiding it in a building or something.-People wont stop talking to me. The HUB area can seem overwhelming at times with the number of speech bubbles from people wanting to talk to you, especially in the epilogue.-Groups of buildings in an O shape. I get stuck in the middle of them all the time and grappling out is so hard :'(.-Escort missions. I can ussualy cross the map before the escort guy moves 10 feet, they spend a lot of time going in circles. Luckily there's plenty of titans around to kill while they slowly advanced to the marker."
,Recommended,449800,25461128,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Luluby,I've always wondered if and when there's gonna be a proper Attack on Titan game. Then I found this.This is THE game AoT I've always wanted to play and after a couple hours and it provides:-Proper and fast paced gameplay-Titans-Small but good amount of playable characters-Super fun repetitiveness-Titans!-Simple crafting for items-Easy and fun way to get materials-AND TITANS!TITAAAAAAAAAANS!(Though I recommend watching the anime first so it doesn't seem too fast paced story-wise)
76561198017985044,Recommended,449800,25219941,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Don_of_Gaming,"Fanboys of both the anime and Koei are going to dislike this review but screw it, I'm going to give my opinion as an average fan of the anime and once loyal Dynasty Warriors supporter.I really enjoyed what I've played of the game. The game is surprisingly deep with leveling up/upgrading equipment and the Story Mode is damn good. Zipping around with the ODM gear is a thrill and killing Titans is intimidating initially. Fans of the anime will enjoy.Unfortunately, what ultimately led to my refunding of this game is the lack of difficulty and insane repetition. Koei makes very fun games yet they are terrible at making challenging ones, this has been an issue since Dynasty Warriors 4 and has grown worse in the modern day. Titans grab me, I escape, I heal myself with the abundant healing items, rinse, repeat. Only the absolute worst gamers will actually achieve a death screen in this game even on Hard mode.Also you are literally only killing titans inside the walled city or you are killing titans in a forest. I get that this is basically what the anime is... but this is a game and even Dynasty Warriors has more variety.Fun game but the full price is primarilly for the loyalists. Buy on sale recommended for the average consumer, don't skip this game."
,Recommended,449800,27265849,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Carbonadro 赤目,Very nice Game 10/10 would kill Millions of TITANS again !:D
76561198049590733,Recommended,449800,25390010,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Assassinobob,Good titan killing fun. Story even goes a small bit ahead of the Anime which was a nice suprise
,Recommended,449800,29073976,Posted: 6 January,all,generalpickleful,this is an good adaptation of the aot show it is fun and got some story tho its not as good as it could have ben cause you need to make shore your not haveing problems with all the litle things it wouldnt let me do the first mission till i changed the drivers to an older vers just to name one thing thy need to fix befor this is a great game also it has none of the shows soundtrak so anyone that wanted to kill titans wile hereing guren no yumiya sorry youll need youtube or mods for that other then that this is just titan killing game cause that all and i mean literly all youll be doing     i still like i tho and if you can find a fix for your problems cause almost everyone in the pc community has them then enjoy
76561197961308774,Recommended,449800,25224535,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TinyTofu,"If you like Muso and hunting games this game is for you. It blends muso (ex: Dynasty warrior) and hunter games (Toukiden/monster hunter) together to make something unique.The game follows the story of attack on titan pretty well in addition to fleshing it out. If you haven't watched or read the manga or are planing to do so this game does contain spoilers.The game plays well and the controls are tight. I recommend using a controller but you can play it with mouse and keyboard as well. The game runs at 60 FPS with no performance problems.There is singleplayer and multiplayer, CO-OP. The single player is divided into story missions and 'expedition/survey missions' and the multiplayer/coop is Survey/expeditions.Through Survey/expeditions you earn rare loot that you can use to craft weapons, omnigears and scabbards.The only minuses about the game would be that it has to run in Windows 7 compatability mode but it does a good job of enabling that for you. It's not a 'problem' but it shouldn't have to be a thing.I wish the soundtrack was better - it's good - but it's not as good as the anime soundtrack is.In my time with the game I've experienced no crashes of any kind, nothing game breaking though I did run into some escorte missions having the NPC run in a circle for ~10 seconds. It wasn't a problem but again, it shouldn't be a thing. I had no problems with saves/loads/resolutions or any other setting.I Highly recommend Attack on Titan, it's the 'naruto' game for AOT fans. It does the series justice and it plays very well."
,Recommended,449800,25704273,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ragna,"Very faithful to the manga/anime.The great voice cast/action/story,everything is here.Game will make you care for characters as they are all awesome.Playing with Mikasa , Levi and Titan Eager is priceless.To fully enjoy the experience , watching the anime (season1) or reading the manga is highly recommended. I dare you not to buy an action figure of this game after playing it.The hook gear is very hard to master,but once you´ve done it ,it´s awesome. Use a controller!PLaying on keyboard is impossible.9/10"
,Recommended,449800,25536363,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Hexocide,Personally I am loving the game so far im having fun with the combat and hopefully ill get soem friends to join along with me on my adventure
76561198189811349,Recommended,449800,25698609,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Taemin,"It's extremely laggy and it takes like an hour to load with a black screen and eventually makes my computer freeze. But I guess this is only my problem and I doubt everyone else would have this so yeah, I would recommend it. Although I would like some help because I just got it a day ago and didn't even start playing :/ I was actually pretty excited until it wouldn't even start."
76561197975736719,Recommended,449800,25387894,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kafir Pride,"Paid AAA price for No Man's Sky; space is no longer cool, and now I hate British People.Paid AAA price for AOT:WOF; my acne is gone, my voice deepened, and women look with newfound respect at my suddenly bulging muscles.THE BALANCE HAS BEEN RESTORED."
,Recommended,449800,25184560,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,➲Epsilon,"First of i want to say that this game is NOT FOR EVERYONE cause of the grind and repetitive gameplay.Altho everyone can have fun in mutiplayer. It'll get Boring very quick.But if you are a fan of the series either from the Movie,Anime/TV Show,Manga.You'll have a awesome time Zipping Around and killing Titans.If you have a controller lying around, and you love the series, i Definitely reccoment you to try this game out!It's seems that the game runs perfectly fine ith 8gig of ram with everything maxed out and getting a steady 60fps."
76561198009772573,Recommended,449800,29833006,Posted: 10 February,all,[HMRD] Archcraig,"I went into this game expecting a game that was looking for a quick buck from a popular tv show. Boy was i wrong. It has learning curve, but once you get used to the 3d manuever device it is AMAZING! If you have never watched the show, dont worry, it will give you the whole story. And if you did watch it, it goes into more detail on certain fights which is nice. Cant comment on the manga because i never read it.-Great gameplay-spoken dialogue in japanese, but english text-would HIGHLY recommend using a controller, i used the logitech F710"
,Recommended,449800,29870953,Posted: 12 February,all,ImNoProdigalSon,"I loved the game. It was a blast to play, but I do not use a gamepad for computer gaming. I would have stuck with my ps4 if I wanted that. Not to say that gamepads are bad, but I mean... Why go out and get one just for this. I looked over the description of this game several times and nowhere does it say that it is best played with a controller. It only says full controller support on the side which to me says hey... You can use a controller if you would like. ANYWAY! Too much about the controller stuff and not enough about the game.The graphics were great and the gameplay was awesome. Who wouldnt like to swing around and bash on titans! I will definitely revisit this game if I ever find myself in possession of a decent gamepad, but for now it is pending for a refund as I cant play it while fully enjoying it. I mean... It will be fine during combat, and i set it up so that the numpad can be used to look around and wasd for movement, but then in the middle gameplay i guess, where you move around and upgrade or buy gear, itll swap to a completely different control scheme that i cant find any way to customize and make more keyboard friendly. Anyway.... I just wish this was more M/KB friendly..Also, pleeeeeease put somewhere in the description of the game that a controller is HIGHLY advised and mostly necessary for full enjoyment."
,Recommended,449800,25717766,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Teekay,"For the game it is, I think it was really well done. The game is quiet repetitive, but there is a good amount of content in the game to keep you going for a while, can't expect much in a game that's based off nothing but attacking giant humanoids. The camera seems difficult to get used to at first, but once you understand the movement it is really easy to anchor to something. Movement is suprisingly quiet smooth and the right technique can have you soaring across the sky and slashing the napes of any opponent. The character selection and each personal skill is a nice touch allowing people to play as a brute, a defensive, or even a stratigic stand point. Really well done and would reccommend it to fans of the show and people who are just getting into it. I expect great things to come from the game as it progresses and as Season 2 is released."
76561198086695700,Recommended,449800,25475410,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Levi,nice game must play
76561198106873975,Recommended,449800,25478053,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,♡DAHYUN♡,"This game is Great, Awesome"
76561198083238286,Recommended,449800,25350932,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Arviah,I love this game
,Recommended,449800,25217234,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nixon5001,great controls and combatgave me something to do for a day
76561197982596339,Recommended,449800,32909509,Posted: 27 June,all,Cute,"Keep calm and kill the Titans.The whole game you kill the Titans, and it does not get boring."
,Recommended,449800,32945877,Posted: 28 June,all,D.Va,Recommended for AOT fans :)
,Recommended,449800,32910707,Posted: 27 June,all,kei,"if u have a controller and nvidia 373.06 and dont mind repetitiveness, then its gud game"
,Recommended,449800,32915536,Posted: 27 June,all,'9,"Game does not support 16:10. Too bad, i'm a huge AOT fan...I refuse to play it with blurry graphics.But I do recommend the game to those who have a 16:9 screen. It seems fun!"
,Recommended,449800,27486236,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uzumaki Naruto,this game so funny very much ! 9/10  kill the titan & join the wing of the freedom !
,Recommended,449800,25190456,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ito,"from the hours i've played writing this, its a ♥♥♥♥ing great game. Thankfully i was already used to One Piece pirate warriors controls"
,Recommended,449800,25191159,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,esschallert,Shingeki no Kyojin fan? Then bring a controller and enjoy it ;) nothing else to say
76561198060090004,Recommended,449800,25190477,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ryebread,here are the things you should know about this game1 - you need a controller to play this game as its meant to be played2 - the characters are speaking japanese (no dubs) but there are subtitles3 - as i am writing this review I have six hours and have only beaten the trost arc with loads of side missions I have not done yet to unlock upgrades for equipment.4 - you get good and bad in game cinematics that don't tell the whole story of attack on titan. so this should not be someones first dive into attack on titan. However they have events inbetween parts of the show such as a few missions of levi before and during the events of trost before meeting eren.5 - multiplayer is the only thing crashing for due to a micraphone problem (some trolls are litterally spamming mic to crash peoples games based on my experience) which is the only downside to the game but it would likly be easy to patch later.BONUS INFO - the experience of getting shouted at in the tutorial by instuctor keith shadis is as brutal a experience as it looks in the anime/manga 10/10 and sasha still steals meat and potatoes 10/10
,Recommended,449800,25311823,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,link68130,"If you enjoy Attack on Titan, then you'll probably enjoy this, only downside to this game is that the buttons aren't mapped correctly, so you'll need to use a program like XInputPlus in order to play with the Xbox One controller."
76561198114371951,Recommended,449800,25355756,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bishop of Bongers,Can't get past 2nd mission something with the cutscene after first titan kill crashes game EVERY SINGLE TIME!
,Recommended,449800,25194193,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bean,THIS GAME IS A WEEBS WET DREAM (like me... I cried a little writing this)... SRS ALL AoT FANS NEED THIS IN THERE LIFE ITSSOGOODICRIEVERTIMWHYDOIHAVETOWATCHPETRADIEOVERANDOVERHALP
76561198005007828,Recommended,449800,25340791,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mibbles,"Runs well.Plays well.Too easy.Needs a ""Inferno"" or ""End of za Worldo"" diffuculty setting.Spoilers for anime fans but nothing new for Manga readers.Captures the intensity of the show and manga very well with the voice acting, score, and overall presentation.Titan AI needs to be beefed up more. Too easy. I'm supposed to be scared of them, not be glad to see them."
,Recommended,449800,30241708,Posted: 28 February,all,TheBananaBeard,"This is definitely for fans of the Show... but even so, this game is AMAZING. The controls are great! Definitely the best AOT game ever."
76561198128133294,Recommended,449800,25163585,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SoulReaper,The game is good and it is a prety solid port. I don't really understand what's with all the negative reviews.
,Recommended,449800,27927200,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Palpa-Palpatine,"Attack On Nekkid people.  Specifically, giant nekkid people.  When the anime this game is based on became popular, I was skeptical because the premise was so weird.  I have generally outgrown anime as a form of entertainment thanks to the often inherently wacky nature of Japanese storytelling and depictions of action.  I watched it to see what all the fuss was about and it took me a few episodes to really take it seriously, given the threat to humanity were giant naked people with creepy smiles.  Upon completion of the show,  I understood.  It was still convoluted and over the top, but I understood why it had such a following and I actually am excited to see a second 'season' as I do not read mangas.  The game is similar to the show in that regard.  It has a certain appeal, but it's not perfect.  It perfectly captures the spirit of normal sized people facing off against giants, using whatever technological advantage they have.As far as gameplay is concerned, my only complaints are that 1) the camera tends not stay put, and during combat, it can be a hinderance as you're are slingshotting all over the maps very rapidly.  2) The friendly A.I. is terrible.  Whether they are about on the map, or you recruit them into your squad, they do not seem to do too much.  They are there to exist so that you feel like you're part of an army, rather than a lone wolf super soldier, even though that's exactly what the player amounts to.  When you recruit friendly A.I. into a squad, you can give them basic commands on how to act in support of the player, but the impact they make is negligible except when you are playing with a character that has the ability to give a specified attack command.The game is not for everyone, but if you are a fan of the show, I definitely reccomend it.  It has a weapons and equipment crafting system and cooperative support that is fun with friends.  As with many Japanese games, your performance is graded, including ""S"" ranks.  In many cases it is not difficult to achieve the highest rank so the game is more accessible than the many hardcore Japanese games; once you get used to the controls for being a steampunk Spider-Man, and the wonky camera, the game is pretty fun."
,Recommended,449800,25172970,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,dcw999,"Attack on Titan Wings of Freedom Review by: dcw999I highly recommend this game to fans of the anime; this game follows the animes storyline and actually ventures into the manga territory unseen by anime fans.  This game manages to capture the feelings of the anime, it offers the feeling of dread and love for the characters.  The game easily manages 60fps on lower-mid range pc's. It also asks you if you want to run in a windows 7 compatible mode (If you click yes or no this shouldn't effect your experience).Pros:. The game manages to make you feel like you are apart of the amazing Attack on Titan universe.. The game tells the great story that was told in the first season of the anime.. People who have only watched the anime will get more story than what we've curently seen to this date.. The maneuvering of the omni gear, slashing titan's limbs away all feel unique and satisfying,                                something that hasn't been felt before in a video game.. There is alot or replay value, unlocking, harder difficultys (when beating the game which significantly enhance the difficulty), unlocking new characters, gaining materials to upgrade your gear is all a fun experiance.Cons:. DO NOT get this game if you dont have a controller, it is near unplayable with WASD used to move the camera around.. The game although fun is higly repetative having you keep on doing the same thing over and over ( I recommend taking breaks every few hours to get the maximum amount of fun.. Minor, one of the achievements spoils that Erin can transform into a titan before the big reveal which is a shame for new players that didn't expect or know about this.Overall for fans of the anime this is a must pick up and is a great refreshing experience on a world class anime. For people that have never seen the anime I recommend watching a few episodes (on Netflix as of the moment) and see if you enjoy if so so pick it up.  If not watch some video going in depth with the game and make your own mind about this game. I absolutely love this game however it is no way near perfect but definetly worth a shot.I rate this game: 7.5/10If you want to play any games message me on Steam.Why not check out my Youtube Channel: dcw999, for video content and why not comment what you want to see."
,Recommended,449800,25279653,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,HostileKnight,"Love the game a lot but for the love of god, for anyone who owns or is thinking of getting this game please disable your mic because it is annoying as hell to be disconnected all the time because people refuse to do this!"
76561197976701586,Recommended,449800,25160363,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,GH۞$Ŧ¥,"Visuals are great and faithful to the Anime. Stunning animations and feels fluid to play, just not on a keyboard/mouse. Clearly made for gamepads, being a console game so bare that in mind.No crashes, runs great on my rig though expected from an i7 & TITAN X (hehe, titan)"
76561197965576538,Recommended,449800,28986688,Posted: 3 January,all,HYDRA,I've had frame rate issues but managed to resolve it by downgrading resolution but the game still looks great! Endless hours of chopping up giant naked people who is always smiling.
,Recommended,449800,32640316,Posted: 22 June,all,Kalliaan,"Fun to play, but a few more playable charaters would have been nice. 9/10."
,Recommended,449800,25350579,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Koro Sensei 🌙,A game about kids who go to school and train to assassinate Titans. 10/10
76561198155791409,Recommended,449800,32967873,Posted: 28 June,all,Chef Papi Chulo,"A must buy for a true fan. Over and above my expectations. If you watch the show and wish you were controlling the camera and moves, this is for you."
,Recommended,449800,32970743,Posted: 28 June,all,Azure,"Fun.Can be repetitive.Killing stuff is 99% of the story.Upgrades?!8/10, gud job."
,Recommended,449800,25223811,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Psy,"Disappointing that you can't efficiently play multiplayer (crashes because autodetects microphone and that is unpleasant eitherway, what if I don't want people to hear me fap to my own sexy♥♥♥♥♥subjugations?), but I think it's still a great buy for any fan of the series, MAD FUN.9/10 would go in debt again."
,Recommended,449800,27585404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FSG downgrade = block,It's a fun paced game that is best played with a controller
,Not Recommended,449800,31583827,Posted: 6 May,all,CrispyChrisco,"This game is not what I really expected. Sure, I like the anime, but thats not really why I got it. A friend wanted me to get it so I did and found it to be fun. For 10 mins... When you start the game, the controls are very difficult to understand on keyboard. You cannot use the mouse. Camera movement is all on the kyeboard. I did get a controller, but I still did not find it entertaining. I simply just cannot seem to enjoy this game. Maybe if you are major fan of the show, I recomend you to get this."
,Recommended,449800,30690125,Posted: 23 March,all,NDEATH7,"I really recommend this game for the anime/manga fan,but if you didn't read the manga or watch the anime yet,you better go for it because the cutscene is a little lame :)And before you buy this game,I want to tell you there's a free version of this game but with bad graphic .It was Attack On Titan Tribute Game.Download it first from browser and try it,but if this game was on sale just buy this on the spot ^^ as you can see, I just telling you to save your money for a similar game..hope this will help you !!"
76561198275748277,Recommended,449800,25493601,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,cole,10/10 game controls are made for controller
76561197963430832,Recommended,449800,30956661,Posted: 5 April,all,NoPe,I am really enjoying this game :) 10/10 for eveything in this game.
76561198088368649,Recommended,449800,25336624,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Wilder,"Oh My god this game is beautiful. Not only is it beautiful, it's amazing and fun. Time to go Kill every Titan on earth!"
76561198172781658,Recommended,449800,25449821,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ExoticWolfGames,Best game ever
76561198086614025,Recommended,449800,25596487,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HentaiDeluxe,9/10 no spiderman costume
76561198021195207,Recommended,449800,25232992,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Pc Toby,One of the best games released this year. The controls are smooth (As long as you play with controller) the graphic is great and reminds you a lot of the anime and its a really funny and cool game to play.I highly recommend it to anyone who liked the anime and wants to try and kill some titans.Game Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dreYAOOBon0
,Recommended,449800,25370900,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Rayden Belmont,"Good controls, fun movement and combat, pure AoT mayhem. Great game to just go out and have some fun killing Titans."
,Recommended,449800,25862354,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Sammy Alexander,So much fun to play. GG.
76561198023870114,Recommended,449800,31379722,Posted: 26 April,all,Voodoo92,the only bad thing is that there is no higher than 1920*1080 and shity keybordplay so you are almost forced to use joystick.
,Recommended,449800,25216619,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Tallcat,"Extremely fun. The spiderman movement over large maps is easy to control, but has just enough depth to not feel repetitive. Slaying titans is always satisfying.The graphics options are lacking. The game caps at 1080p@60hz, which is disappointing, but it runs like butter, so I can't really complain.Some people tried to play this game without a controller, and that's their fault. Don't be one of those people."
76561198357066292,Not Recommended,449800,32911080,Posted: 27 June,all,El Mio - Haro,this game is complete trash if you dont have a steam controller seriiously it is horrible. what a waste of money
76561197998781120,Recommended,449800,25277265,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Inappropriate Name,Game is pretty fun. Be warned alot of crashing issues happening right now.
76561198147271474,Recommended,449800,25446171,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,♥涼風 青葉♥,I LOVE ANIME :3
,Recommended,449800,27650703,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ezekial  🐸,"I expected garbage, but the game is pretty awesome."
,Recommended,449800,27608750,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kodiak,"Surprisingly good game with excellent movement. Unfortunately the story is just a rehash of the tv show, but it is still worth playing."
,Not Recommended,449800,32764067,Posted: 25 June,all,veemonjr,"very bad for pc you need some xbox controler i got scammed by it and until now im wishing to get my money back, I cant change the settings because it doesn't show me change controls. If i can i would really apperciate it if someone guided me to it"
,Recommended,449800,25938852,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Thorneous,This game reminds me of the time i got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥A bunch of naked men attacking me and screaming.ye buy it
76561198306894158,Recommended,449800,26094914,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Parzifal,This game is amazing and cant be even closer to the amazing anime.if you love the anime you will love this game.
,Recommended,449800,26093615,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Feiku,"I LOVE THIS GAME. It's so great I bought it for both my PS4 and my PC. You need a controller to really have fun, using a logitech controller did the trick for me.Also the game goes past the anime after completion. It's great.--Editing review for people:Cons:-You need a controller. Logitech ones work awesome.-You need a strong computer or you'll have issues with the game crashing, lagging, etc.-It will take time to get used to the controls.-You will get to a point where your gear isn't good enough to finish a mission and you have to farm a little.-There's not a lot of people on multiplayer and the mic system on it is pretty bad.-It isn't translated and if you use a controller that isn't compatible it will be confusing on the keybinds until you figure it out.- Until the game gets difficult it feels like you're kinda just farming titans all day really easily.Pros:-Its like the anime, the cutscenes are fun, it's fun to play once you have the controls down.-You can download someone elses finished game and literally just have all the gear then play through the game if you're having issues.-The titan AI does grow increasingly smarter and true attack mode is not a joke. I was dead so fast without gear it wasn't even funny. They were snatching me out of the air pretending they didn't see me.-Playing with a friend makes it a lot of fun. If you can find someone to multiplayer with you can farm gear fast.-Always new DLC's to keep up with the manga."
,Recommended,449800,27133028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blacknife,Good game. Fun mechanics and easy to learn gamplay features that make multiplayer even better!
,Recommended,449800,28306314,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mirtis,"Wouldn't recommend the game for 60$, but when it's on sale you should buy. The amount of time but in this game is amazing. The AI isn't the best but at the True Attacking Mode it's challenging enough. The multiplayer is enjoyable, if you find someone.Music: 8/10Graphic: 7/10Story: 8/10Gameplay: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,449800,25172373,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[oTp] Vask,"I ran the game on two of my machines one with a laptop with i7 6700hq 16gb gtx960m max @ fixed 30fps and my desktop i7 3820 16gb gtx1070 max @ fixed 60fps both ran pretty rock solid once I got things working.So for the hiccups, firstly I found that my laptop did not detect the game and kept it on low power mode for some reason so i had to force my laptop to run it in performance mode via Nvidia 3D settings. Of course this was only a problem for my laptop.Second it didnt read 1080p initially in windowed mode, when i set it to fullscreen it became available. It also does not give you the option to utilize higher resolutions than that either.Third the game does not have a built in v-sync at all, i had to force v-sync using the Nvidia 3D settings to avoid the tearing, luckily it didnt affect framerates or latency in any noticable way.Fourth on initial startup for both machines I was prompted to set the game on windows 7 compatibility mode for better performance. The game then kinda just switches it for you after accepting it, it was really odd to me.and Fifth the game is horribly optimized for keyboard and mouse, this is a game you absolutely need a gamepad to play.once you get past that stuff the game itself isnt too bad, the controls are a bit unorthodox but its something you can really get used to within the first 10-20 minutes of gameplay. You really wouldnt think this was made by koei since all they ever do is make 3d hack and slash games.so far for me it seems to work fine though, the comments though seem pretty unjustified in most instances. The game has its problems though if you have the tolerance to the problems."
,Recommended,449800,32004447,Posted: 27 May,all,Spankbob,"Good AoT game. I really like the ODM gear and combat, it feels like I have complete control. But so many maps that you play over and over."
76561198005861397,Not Recommended,449800,29968902,Posted: 16 February,all,Saphirro,"I will be honest. We all bought this game just because of the movement/flying combat. If you looking for and only for this then yes i recommed it otherwise no.Reasons why not to buy:- Story is extremly short: You are doing all the time same thing. Go there kill x amount of Titans then kill big Titan. You are doing side misions just for score for resources which are not any necessary because you will get everything you need eventually or you will repeat the mission for specific material. Main story is prolonged by forcing you to do Survey missions to open area. So instead of continue in story you have to do around 5-13 grinding misions(some areas open earlier some later) but you need to do it 4 times (thats 20-52 extra useless misions)- Friendly AI: EXTREMLY BAD!!!! S ranked characters needs your help(side mision) because they are unable to kill 2-3 titans(mostly 1 hit titans). When they are in group they are OK if you are giving orders as one of main characters you play they simply kill everything and you just run around. Guards are just as bad, you need to kill everything yourself because for some reason 5 elite guards are not able to kill one titan even small one. So friendly AI is just useless in this game and make no sense.- Enemy AI: Bad. Unchallenging, the only time you have problem is when you have to save one of your stupid friendly AI or when 5 titans are jumping are at one location and they are jumping through one another so you are unable to land a hit because 3 hands swings through texture of another titan.- Items: you are standing still for half an hour after you swap your blades/fill gas/use heal so a lot of times you just have to run half way through the map just to be safe to use one heal and get back.- targeting: i had hard times to target specific body part because my D-pad often returned to the initial part when returing to defaul position. This targeting system is not made for expensive and sensitive controllers. If you have cheap controller you should be fine. Then big titans where you have to destroy armored parts targeting system ofter swap to protected area by itself so i had to keep an eye on it. Especially happening with female titan.- Horses: are useless and slow. I bought one expensive one but i rather used gas boost to get to location quickly. Its just wasted money."
,Recommended,449800,25348183,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,TheOnlyHeero,"First game in over a year i have payed over $40 for.... was it worth it?Hell Yes!!!!Very fast action, decent graphics, and one of the better anime/manga out there to date. good retelling and fun as hell to play. I know it's a bit pricey but worth every penny."
76561198146432672,Recommended,449800,32675040,Posted: 23 June,all,DuckMySick,I can't stop playing
76561197970332762,Recommended,449800,25172538,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CrazyLamer - DragonsDogmaOnline,"Well all i can say is this: Do you like the anime? IF you do you must have this. It's exactly like the anime and the gameplay is as good as the anime itself except you are controlling the character. And 4 player Coop makes it even more awesome. So far i can't say anything bad about it.Although there is no real mouse support, which is fine by me since it is a console game afterall, some games are better played with a control no matter what anyone says : It's pc so it must have mouse & keyboard support (which is a completely insane statement).There are some issues to be sorted though to be fair, the multiplayer doesn't seem to work for most out there, not for me either but if you don't care about the online feature for now it's definitely worth the buy, but if you buy this for the multiplayer i do recommend waiting.As for the controls itself it is very fluid and easy to control everything, some minor button remapping is an advice since the attack and the wire-gear is pretty weird mapped imho.As for the content itself it think its pretty decent, i would say the price is just a bit high though, a justified price would be 34.99 or 39.99 euros at max price.update: I forgot to say anything about the graphics. It's not the best i've seen but it is in an anime style and not that horrible cell-shading that naruto is using, this is much better one imo, there is an issue with v-sync though so you will probably need to add the game in nvidia control panel (for nvidia users) and activate v-sync to not get those annoying screen tearings especially during cutscenes.Other than that i really like the graphics and it doesn't put an strain on the eyes."
,Recommended,449800,25503982,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Pεsтîlεиcε מεøkå™,"Before getting this game I made sure to look at the reviews because I was very skeptical. The price tag may seem like a lot, but I am a huge fan of the series and was very happy with spending the money. If you're skeptical like I was at first, you can wait for a sale.Some things that I think are good to note:-If you're not a big fan, wait for the sale, definitely.-If you're not a big fan of hack 'n slash games, this game isn't for you. The game does indeed get reptitive, but I think the game offers a lot of possibilities.Another thing:-It is not impossible to play without a controller. I use the keyboard and I have had no problem while playing. It only takes about 5 minutes of patience to familiarize yourself with the controls.While considering all of the above, I highly recommend the game. I haven't even finished the game in it's full potential yet and I'm already past 24 hours. Most games that I play I can finish in about 16 hours.The game has plenty of other features aside from the normal attack mode where you just progress through what you've seen in the anime and manga. It even goes a bit farther than the anime.Not only that, there is more to experience which I'm not going to get into because as I type this I'm getting the urge to go and play the game as we speak.Let's just say that I highly recommend this game because of course I am a fan of the series but also because I enjoy hack 'n slash games. As I've probably said thousands of times in the review, there are many things you can do in this game that will allow you to have fun and spend many hours on the game."
76561198123142418,Recommended,449800,25215848,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Der Großmann,Pros :1) Very fun gameplay2) Fast paced hack & slash RPG3) true to the source material4) good music score5) upgradable weaponry and gear6) stable fps7) different game modescons :1) does not support mouse2) it can become repetitive sometimes3) poor muddy textures on buildings and no grass in the fields
76561198139684680,Not Recommended,449800,25217121,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Krovarus,"Well playing the game on keyboard was a nightmare so I decided to use a controller. I tried three different controllers and none of them worked for this game. They all either had unresponsive buttons, had all of thier controls switched around (like the start button being stuck as ""attack""), or the game just straight up wouldn't acknowledge that a controller was plugged in. I'm sure its an enjoyable enough game, I just cannot recommend something that feels so intent on not working."
,Recommended,449800,25485040,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kaydenne,"The fact that I get to relive my love for the Anime by killing titans, over and over and over again. Makes this game a must buy for any Attack on Titan fan. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,449800,25468215,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mister B,"This is a really good game.It follows the story well and doesn't leave out important stuff.The game looks gorgeous and well put together.The controlls are very nice and easy to get used to, it's not as hard as you would expect it to be.Aside from story mode there's side missions wich are fun to do and there's multiplayer where you canhunt titans with your friends (haven't tried this out yet).(You can also pick characters in story mode at a certain point so you're not glued to Armin for all eternity because he sucks).the only problem I have is that the camera tends to go <<< or >>> on it's own because it has no deadzones on controllers....but you'll get used to it.I'll give this a 9/10"
,Not Recommended,449800,30829054,Posted: 30 March,all,Kitty,"The game follows the story of the anime pretty well, but the fighting system is bland and boring, you get tierd of it really fast and without a friend or two this game is not even close to fun.Conclusion: Watch the anime, or read the manga."
76561198067790906,Recommended,449800,28482727,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,monkeyscoff,"How do i say this... Its an amazing game. I recieved my ROG Asus laptop, fit with an NVIDIA GTX1070, with 16gb of ram, and it runs this game quite beautifully... I do of course have a few complaints. Ill get the weeaboo crap out of the way first. They dont use the OST from the show, and the 3DS game. The music of Attack on Titan is beautiful, and the last thing it needed was different music. Its not that bad though, as the music is very similar... but still, cmon guys. Second off, Titan Eren's roar is... eh... it could be better. it sounds too much like a 90's monster movie roar, that is obviously just a normal guy in a suit, trying too hard.Now for the Technical problems.While a gaming laptop isnt the perfect system, this laptop is very beefy. The gtx1070 is one step below the 1080, which to my knowledge is the most powerful card made by NVIDIA. (correct me if im wrong. be nice, please.) Ive gotten quite a few frame rate drops, and blur problems. This game being kin to dynasty warriors, of course the sheer number of enemies and action on screen at any given time, is intense, so it really is just the game. If youre like me, you can slaughter huge numbers of titans very quickly, across several platforms. (Biggest AOT nerd ever, right here. js) While its possible on the PC version, this is one game that i by a very slight margin think the console version is better.DONT PLAY WITHOUT A CONTROLERSeriously. youll need one.If youre batshit crazy for Attack on Titan, these problems are pretty small and shouldnt matter, but i dont reccomend this game for anyone without NVIDIA GEFORCE graphics power. I Have this on my work laptop and my desktop, and honestly, the ROG laptop is the only one that runs it competently.Hopefully this review helps somebody. Overall its a good damn game. Especially if you like games like dynasty warriors, with huge numbers of enemies, and showers of blood. Happy slaying!*Salute*"
,Recommended,449800,29575584,Posted: 29 January,all,PaigeAllInHam,"Such a good game, had I few issues at first with performance but after changing certain settings it's amazing and runs fine. It sticks so closely to the anime so it's pretty easy to follow. The only game I can say I have ever enjoyed as much as this!"
,Not Recommended,449800,25189147,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,iVoltGaming,"I dislike the fact that this game doesn't even support mouse controls, which should be a must in this day and age, especially with games like this, where its fast paced. I tried using a controller which the game wouldn't even recognize so I couldn't even play it. At least the refund button worked."
,Not Recommended,449800,32670972,Posted: 23 June,all,mix-o,"I really, really hate to say this,butI won't recommend this gamefor some reasons and I quickly request a refund.These are thebad pointsof the game:1.Bad optimization.It needs to launch in Windows 7, which I'm using Windows 8.1 now. (that also makes this game seems to be outdated)2.Limited preferencesfor the settings ingame (screen resolutions, graphic settings). For instance, I currently use an ultra-widescreen monitor and when I configure the game into fullscreen, the display got stretched out.3.Always crasheswhenever I quit the game.I do love AoT anime series, but sadly the game version have some issues in programming.I am not hating the game or else, but the point is that the way how it's programmed really dreadful.Don't get this game if you are using an ultra-widescreen or 4K monitor, since it's not compatible with the game. (unless if you have a 1080p 16:9 ratio screen monitor.)"
,Not Recommended,449800,25244100,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,loordpa,"The game keeps crashing, I can't even play 10 minutes before it crashes! Is it because I switched the button layout? I don't have a gamepad controller, maybe thaat is the issue? I also unplugged my mic, uninstalled and re downloaded the game to see if the crashing still continues, and it does. The game is fun, the mechanics are fun and easy to get the hang of..but for now I don't recommend this game until a patch is released. Good luck to players out there who managed to get it to work."
,Not Recommended,449800,25175481,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,k.,Played the game for 40 minuites and I Love the gameplayBUTOne issue i have is that the controls on controller are not supported.- I would press START to pause but nothing happens.(LT = Left Trigger / RT - Right Trigger)- Buttons are swapped when mapping and some in-game(A=X / B=Y / LT = START / RT = Nothing / Right Joystick = Nothing)- LT will pan right and RT will pan leftThe game is overall fun but in my opinion it is unplayble until they release a patch for the controller support. I will not refund the game as I've been waiting for an AoT game on PC but I would not recommend people to purchase it until the game recieves multiple patches
76561198148966981,Recommended,449800,25199018,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,hikiyume,eren and levi otp xdxd
,Not Recommended,449800,25259267,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sl3nd3r,"As of now, I cannot give this game a recommended rating because of a bad PC port... Using a keyboard is messy. Trying to run in a diagonal direction after running in a different causes stuttering of the character. Using a controller fixes the issue but then the button mapping is f-ed up. Says X to do something and it's actually A. Fixing basic mapping in the options is a solution but you run into other issues. I can't even pause the game using the start button and using ""Gestures"" doesn't work period because of the mapping issue. The only buttons that seemingly are mapped correctly are the Left and right Buttons on the top of the controller.Will update review accordingly when they patch this issue. Until then, I'm setting the game aside."
76561198030581423,Recommended,449800,25162227,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MamingZ,I'm loving it!!!!!!!!!! XXDDDDDI didn't imagine the game could be as fast paced as the anime. The graphic is also very much like the anime. Super well done to the developers for their hardwork.1080p 60fps! Fast paced action! Anime land! What more can you ask?
76561198065429893,Not Recommended,449800,25266621,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BadWolf,"I was really looking forward to the release of this game. My favorite anime depicted in such style and I no longer would have to go to the online tribute game to get a good feeling of killing a titan. Lets start this review off with saying there is no mouse support. Consoles really messed this game up. Without the mouse support PC keyboard users are forced to either grow an extra hand or two OR buy/use a gamepad. See now, the gamepad doesn't always work. Maybe you were lucky to have one that was compatible with the game already, but I can tell you mine wasn't. I'm not waiting around for a patch to fix the terrible key mapping (Not gonna spend an hour to even try to make it bearable). I'm sure if my gamepad worked that this would be a great game, but since I don't have 4 hands to effictively use the keyboard, I'm waiting for my refund."
,Recommended,449800,31078085,Posted: 11 April,all,BennyBoy168,this is sooooo f***ing awesome
76561197960444622,Not Recommended,449800,29912299,Posted: 13 February,all,Danedo,Keeps crashing...
76561198119173917,Recommended,449800,31114139,Posted: 13 April,all,Pepsi_Man,very interesting gameplay
76561198201035190,Recommended,449800,34043858,Posted: 5 August,all,Tongki.Panda,apik
76561198036263187,Recommended,449800,25173143,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Noyes Laboratory,10/10. Would slay Titans again.
,Recommended,449800,25507539,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hoodless,"i love this game so much it is amazing, like a dream that comes true!!!!there are so many missions so many things to do it never gets tired!level up the characters to gain skills, completing sidequests for funny cutscenes and even some costumes!the maps are so detailed the titans are funny, deadly and sometimes even cute and don't mind eating your comrades.i recommend this game to every attack on titan fan, it is an amazing experience you just have to try"
,Not Recommended,449800,29931926,Posted: 14 February,all,Mancunian Prophecy,"The game is 6 months old and even still it's experiencing constant crashing with the latest Nvidia drivers, rolling the driver back to version 373.06 seems to fix crashing but the game is poorly optomised if it isn't able to handle the latest drivers for Nvidia cards.It's a shame because the game isn't a bad one at all, especially if you're a fan of the manga/anime but I think it's highly important that if you're going to charge consumers £50 for a game then it shouldn't be shot to hell and at least be updated on occasion to prevent this kind of thing from happening!I can't believe in 2017 developers just expect the consumers to work out fixes for themselves whilst shafing us for extortion prices for their under developed games!"
,Not Recommended,449800,33392560,Posted: 8 July,all,Spoiler Alert,"It was fun for a while. Honestly I got a kick out of how the giants look like Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and other people you may recognize. That being said, it gets VERY old after about 5-10 hours of the same thing, over, and over, and over. It does have an okay story, but I couldn't take any more of the same thing. Not worth $60. Get it on sale if you can.Graphics are very well done and have a very cool ""Borderlands"" feel to them. I assume most of the positive reviews come from Anime fans. I am not an Anime fan."
,Not Recommended,449800,31852426,Posted: 19 May,all,Alex S,"Basically this is a totally nerfed version of original AOT, the combat and movement control is incredibly simple comparing to some of the high quality indie AOT games. I agree that the current system works out and fun to play but as the game progreeses, where things get reallly repetitive as you are basically fighting in similar (or same) maps over and over again, the combat and movement system can't satify your need to try out new skills and maniuvers, which resulting the rest of the game very boring and makes you want to sleep. What's more they didn't use the Hiroyuki Sawano's soundtrack but they made a very crude and awful copy of the OST, and by copy i mean the musics are incrediblly similar to AOT anime's OST but lacks all of the hype part, which disappoints you every time when the music seems to be going into hyping, and all you have is some disgusting stuff, especially if you are a Hiroyuki Sawano's fan and enjoyed the original OST. So if you really wanna try it out, go ahead, it is still time-killing, but eventually you will get tired of the survey mission and delete this game."
76561198307913788,Recommended,449800,31878780,Posted: 21 May,all,domu,is good stuff man
76561198161120370,Recommended,449800,30670109,Posted: 22 March,all,iiAnime,"I love this game overall, its very fun to play on weekends, and when you have free time. But, lag is a problem I can't really always play the game without it constantly lagging, but it's a big game, I'm not complaining <3"
76561198205370968,Not Recommended,449800,25260998,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DeathStroke206,"1 word.......crashes.the game is so much fun. the combat is great and everything, but it is still a crappy pc port as a last minute cash in. the game constantly crashes, making so i cant get past the first mission. also, the freaking mouse doest even work. you have to use the arrow buttons. i really want to recomend this game, but in its current state, it is unplayabe. maybe i'll change my review after a few performance updates. such a shame for pc players."
,Recommended,449800,25386220,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dragonblade,What I like about the game:-Killing Titans-Eren x Annie Memes-Story is followed really well-Game story goes beyond anime story-Eren doesn't whine about Mikasa all of the time-Matt Damon Titans-Bad Horse AI-Bad Escort AI-Getting Round House Kicked by female Titan (I use Female Titan to avoid spoilers for those who have NEVER watched or read the manga)-10 frames during buildings breaking-Koei never learns to implement V-Sync-You can't buy gas with your Scout Regiment Money-Derpy Titans climbing on buildings-Gear Modifications and such-Running into Female Titan's boobs ㅇㅅㅇ
76561198114547725,Not Recommended,449800,25298524,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Grablin,"DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOURE USING A GAMEPAD THAT IS NOT XBOX 360 STYLEthe control scheme for gamepad is literally upside down, at least for the 360 style gamepad, X is A, Y is B, B is X, and A is Y and for some reason the START button is trgistered as one of the triggers. attempting to re map the buttons failed because the game doesnt register half the controllers buttons and trying to play with the keyboard controls is a very bad experience. the keyboard controls require you to have both arms by your sides using WASD and IJKL, AND uses both control buttons as a feature to the control scheme, this makes for an extremely uncomfortable experience not to mention is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to set up controls in the first place. i couldnt even play the game because these controls were so broken, maybe ill come back to it in a month or so IF i get wind of an update that fixes the issues, but until then this game wasted my time and was an utter disappointment!"
76561198056573389,Recommended,449800,28133600,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sorrin,"Obviously, the first thing going through your mind is ""Is this game worth $60?""MaybeBut is this game worth getting when it's on sale?Definitely!Attack on Titan the game is a fun game, especially for those that enjoy Koei's Musou gamesPros-- The game follows the premise of the anime, all the way to the end of the first season- It does this very well, but of course changes a few things to give the player more to do- The gameplay is smooth and looks pretty good visually- The soundtrack is nice- The voice actors did a great job, like with the anime- Sandbox maps for maximum destruction!- The NPCs help in combat a fair bit (a lot more than the other Musou games)- Costumes and different varients of the 3DM (ODM)!Cons-- Lacks Mouse Compatibility (irrelevant if using a controller obviously)- Having the use of the mouse would only make the game easier in my opinion (camera control)- Easily fixed by adjusting the Keybindings to your liking (my layout is kind of similar to a controller)- Small roster of characters to pick from, but this is understandable since it's the first game in the series- No one on Multiplayer- Let's get more players into the game and go on a titan killing expedition!- DLC is kind of pricy- No DLC characters"
76561198281438463,Not Recommended,449800,25266684,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ShadyDoctor,I really like the concept of this game and was really looking forward to playing it however it is designed for console it seems the tutorial gives the commands for a controller. You can't even change t so looking around is with the mouse! It is virtually unplayable unless you have a xbox 1 controller. Maybe it is just me who isnt able to bind their mouse for moving the camera and attacking. If i was able to do that then the game woud be playable
76561198087285991,Recommended,449800,25230684,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Admo,I want to play as Annie...
76561198203522076,Not Recommended,449800,28293515,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Habieru Karma,"The game keeps on crashing...please fix this problem, I want to play this game so badly"
76561197976049333,Not Recommended,449800,29995924,Posted: 17 February,all,Farmer $,"This game can be good to play with a controllerBut I never play with a controllerIt is really disappointing to the point that I can not play very wellI can not use the mouse for shoot, so i very hard to playWhen I start the gameRequest use ..RB.. to enter Combat mode (controller)take me 10 - 15 mn to find The keyboard key.Its going to take me time to finish this gamesGreat graphicsFor this game 60$ for controllerfor this game  6$ on PC"
,Recommended,449800,25844852,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Chef Tonberry,tatakai
76561198160945157,Recommended,449800,25183695,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DUBSTEPDRAGON,This game is a must buy for attack on titan fans.
76561198034314636,Recommended,449800,32277569,Posted: 8 June,all,Kuroi,If u love the anime u will love the game too.
76561198277129005,Not Recommended,449800,32729712,Posted: 24 June,all,djkaykayify,"I aboslutely LOVE AOT/SNK so I was excited to get the game. Although, I'm very very upset with how this is played on my computer.. I have a windows gaming computer and an xbox controller hooked up. The gameplay is super super slow and I can't even run it properly. I haven't even killed a Titan yet..  I was looking forward to playing and I could afford it too now that it became 50% off. I'm thoroughly disappointed... The beginning scene was very smooth so I thought this was going to be fun to play. Then I got into the actual game and it all went to crap. I want to recommend this game although I can't play it properly.. The graphics look great, the movements would look awesome if it worked correctly, but I just can't play it. I would do some research before downloading this game. I wish I could play it :("
,Recommended,449800,25238387,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TriggerMeTimbers,I have no words for how amazing this game is!!!! Worth every cent
,Recommended,449800,25303135,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Matthew,This game is loyal to the comics and animation. The gameplay is fun
,Recommended,449800,25581607,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,IceFoxx35,I used the money i refunded no mans sky with for this. worth it
,Not Recommended,449800,29047914,Posted: 5 January,all,/ /  b o r e d o m,"The game is fun, I enjoyed the 7 hours of it that I played.But that 7 hours of gameplay is the problem, it's only 7 hours of gameplay, it took me 7 hours to complete the game.Everything else in the game is really repetitive and you're essentially just doing the same thing over and over again, and it's not worth replaying.Pros:- Mechanics are super easy and very fun.- Story follows the anime well, and the story in the anime is amazing.- Gear upgrading is easy and fun.Cons:- Repetitive- Nothing to do once story mode is complete.- Not worth replaying.- Costs $60.00 for 7 hours worth of gameplay.I would recommend this game if it was 15 dollars or less."
,Not Recommended,449800,25278399,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tony Taylor,"I was not lucky enough to get  this game started. I get through all the menus fine and everything loads up so quickly, but actual gameplay is super laggy and slow. I have a 4gb Nvidia 970M graphics card, 8gb RAM, and an i7 and I've lowered all the settings and still can't get the game to run smoothly. I can get witcher 3 to run perfectly but this game stutters and lags, very choppy. I'm a big fan of the game so I'm just getting it on console."
76561198062687972,Recommended,449800,25476324,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Unknown™,Great game
,Recommended,449800,25180497,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,John Awesome,"I love this game, it is the game Atteck on Titan needed. It's so much better then the fan made games and det gamemode in Garrys mod. The story, the look and feel of the game is just spot on. I would say this game is a most have for Attack on Titan fans. But with all that said,there are some cons about the game.The controles are a little dumb since you can't map to mouse, it is a controller needed game, and are not for the pc's buttons and style.It's only 1080 p, and not over 60 fpsAnd it's expensive. But if your not one how want to put a price on a masterpiece, then go for it.Playtime are there a lot of and collectives and upgades and so on.all in all i love it and think it's worth it :D"
76561198011793956,Recommended,449800,25366489,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bomberjohn,I DON'T THINK WE'RE PREPARED FOR THIS OFFENSIVE
76561198033249328,Recommended,449800,25279691,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Chase The Ark,Attack on Titan / A.O.T. Wings of Freedom is Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!. I had so much fun playing it.i slade titans and bought a horse and stuff. Really awsome defenatly buy the game.
76561198247790554,Recommended,449800,28094485,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sir0din,sweet game lots of fun little bugs nothing that ruins the game tho
76561198255346852,Recommended,449800,25209085,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,eMKei,One of the best Spiderman game experience.
,Recommended,449800,25271833,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tobi,Way better than I thought it would be.
76561198331686694,Recommended,449800,28538381,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,County_Colianz,"Pretty good game, all in all. This is for true AOT fans, because the game gets repetitive. The game is built perfectly, but not good for a low-end computers. The combat is repetitive, but the story is great. They extended from the material they had on the show and got creative. The writing is creative, and believe it or not, the voice acting is genuine. I give this game an 9/10. One point off for the repetitiveness."
,Recommended,449800,28214334,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Space,Potatos. That's all that needs to be said.
76561198131262557,Recommended,449800,25190190,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,if your an aot fan you will live this game and how treats the source material but there are 2 huge issues with the game even though its fun its way to easy and repetetive they could easily fix this with more difficulty modes and sometimes the camera goes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ otherwise its a great fan if your and aot fan buy it otherwise wait until a pricedrop
,Recommended,449800,25261386,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Hanamaru,So many user complain that the game run laggy but wif my setup i run smooth with all max settingProcessor: Intel i3-6089P 3.6 ghzGraphic card: Asus GTX750TiRam: 8GB of Kingston DDR4 2133mhz ramMotherboard: Asus H110M-D motherboardPlaying this game using keyboard is better for me than using xbox controllerps:This game is awesome as fk
,Recommended,449800,25279254,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Moist.,Shingeki No Tecmo: Spiderman 2
,Recommended,449800,25270220,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,☣Necktron☣,"Since I started watching anime, I've always had AoT as one of my top 5 favorits. This game does a very good job on giving the player a real ""♥♥♥♥ YEAH!"" felling while slaying titans, (even tho it's pretty easy as long as you get the hang of the controls). Playing with keyboard is not the easiest to do, at the begining. All it takes for it to work is just making a control map that fits for you. For example, I use some of the binds from the fan made games.For example)* Attack = F* Interact = E* Camera movment = I J K L* Inventory = 1 2 3* Jump / Boost = Space* F1 = Pause* Left Shift = ODM-gear, (I feel ashamed because I'm insecure if I got it right)********************Anyway; the game is lovely, like the graphics, I start speaking japanese, (even tho I cant), while slashing and slaying, and I cant wait for season 2 to be released!9/10 - Because of a little anoying control change when arriving at a camp"
76561198071729232,Recommended,449800,28668869,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zombie_Steve,For any fans of the anime this is a great buy.admitedly the price (£49.99) is a bit steep so wait for the saleI picked this up for £29.99 in the winter sale and im so glad i didgameplay is fluid and well presented and it really feels like you are a part of the anime.recomend using a controller as ive seen people say keyboard controls are a little clunkyI use a 360 afterglow and its perfect
,Recommended,449800,25979972,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ZULKIFLI,THIS IS GOOD GAME LAG ON MY KOMPUTER
,Not Recommended,449800,25318757,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Saoish,"Game refunded because it doesnt work with my Xboxone/DS4 controller. And the keyboard/mouse control is terrible. If you aim to sit back on a couch to enjoy the game with your wireless controller, wait until they patch this problem. Otherwise, the ""Full controller support"" is just a lie."
,Recommended,449800,25265882,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pure Doomium,"I just bought the game. After I had seen someone's review on it, I became very interested in buying it, being a fan of Attack on Titan. Even though there is a tribute game, and it's really enjoyable, it doesn't come remotely close to the joys to be had with this one!Story:The game's story follows the one of the original anime very closely, even when it comes to replicating the very scenes to the t! As I've only played it for around 1 hour, I'm not sure if it is going to derail, as the developers suggest that there are a few original twists, but for someone completely new to Attack on Titan, you're going to get a solid grasp on the story, still!Graphics:The graphics are really nice and enjoyable, and contribute to the immersion greatly. However, the landscape and larger meshes, like walls, seem to be far less detailed, especially when looked at from an angle, for example during cutscenes. The same thing occurs when a sword is being zoomed in on, also during one particular cutscene (I'm playing on the highest settings).Controls:I play using an Xbox360 controller, and I can't imagine the pain of someone attempting to play the game using mouse&keyboard. If you really want to get the most out of this game, I highly suggest that you buy a controller!Combat:Not only combat, but movement as well (using the 3D Manouver Gear and gas) is absolutely amazing in my opinion! You can travel the entirety of Trost really quickly using your gear, and it feels like you really are a skilled, agile, soldier, prepared to combat Titans! Now, the way you kill Titans is, like in the anime, by slashing the foe's neck from behind. However, if you're fighting larger enemies, you can also cut off their legs and arms to not only immobilise them, but also obtain materials! It's also really easy to launch a hook into the body part of your choice, so that you don't end up trying to get to one Titan's neck for 2 minutes!""Crafting"":In the game, you are given the ability to not only upgrade, but also modify your equipment, using the materials you've obtained either from battling Titans or from completing missions with a high enough score, allowing you to grow stronger or focus on the aspects that you feel are important to you, for example enlarging your gas capacity at the cost of the boost it provides!Overall rating: very positive!NOTE:This review is only based on the single-player campaign - it seems that the game crashes frequently in multiplayer if someone uses their microphone, so please, be wary of that or wait until this issue is fixed!Have a good day!"
76561198037416280,Not Recommended,449800,25220117,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pegmis,"""Full Controller Support""This was the least supported game I have ever attempted to play. It was a headache getting the keys mapped how I liked them before I even got into the mission. Then, when I needed to change a button the game needed to be quit because I was not able to find a 'start' button to pause the game."
,Recommended,449800,33657416,Posted: 19 July,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE (2017): Due to recent false accusations of plagarism, I (the reviewer) would like to stress that all these reviews and upcoming reviews are original and are not blatantly copied. Other reviews are used to help stress my point across but are changed in such a way to make the review in my own wordingAttack on Titan also known as A.O.T. Wings of Freedom developed and published by Koei Tecmo Games and is based off the popular manga and anime of the same nameThe game offers some great graphics, that look just like the anime and the game offers great gameplay/controls and it feels really satisfying killing all those titans. You can play any mission with any character available at the present time and for a person who watches the anime, it is really cool to play characters from the animeThe titans are just as freaky as the show and the bizarre 'pro' titans save this game from being way too repetitive and the game offers a great sountrack even though it is not the same as the showHowever the game does have some high system requirements, although my PC is powerful and up to date (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080Ti), there is one mission in which I did get some lag until I killed some titansThe game does gets very repetitive quickly; missions and side missions are exactly the same from one stage to another though it shouldn’t matter if you are a true fan, however, for me I did feel like the game was becoming a bit of a repititionAlthough I haven't played online and not really wanting to, I have heard from a friend of mine that the online is a sort of ghost town and is incredibly glitchy when playing in onlineThe game does seem abandoned from the developers, there are no updates or news for months which is a shame and this game was definitely not designed for a keyboard, the game plays horribly with keyboards so make sure you have an XBOX360 controller or any equivalent and although the game offers good replay value, the game is very short especially for it's high price point of 60EUR!Attack on Titan/A.O.T. Wings of Freedom plays true homage to the anime/manga but does have some issues which does hinder the game from being even better than it should beRECOMMENDED :)Also, best to play with a controller"
,Recommended,449800,25179709,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Leviathan,"As a fan of the series, this purchase was a must have.The game itself is stunning, and the combat system is easily grasped.You're just playing through season 1, I have yet to come across any of the so called ""plot twists""That being said, this game is nowhere near worth the asking price.It gets very repetitive, very quickly.I would recommend this to any fan of the series, but would suggest holding off til at least a 25% off sale.Not playing this game with a gamepad is absolutely not recommended.Also, the game currently (as most likely for the foreseeable future) does not feature an english dub, us anime fans, we're quite used to reading a lot of dialogue during scenes, but this may be a deterent for some.It would not be fair of me to give this game a ?/10 rating, as I had high expectations for this title."
,Recommended,449800,25252303,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,★🇺🇳🇰🇳🇴🇼🇳,"YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSLove it, it's so fast paced"
,Recommended,449800,31317737,Posted: 23 April,all,🆁🅰🆈,Just Get It
76561198056845444,Recommended,449800,32694474,Posted: 23 June,all,adamd513,Absolutely amazing. Get it.
,Recommended,449800,28151480,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rendiga,"Nice game for Attack on Titan loversmuch story from manga, not from anime series, love it. and much more side story."
,Recommended,449800,25195392,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DJMorphasis,I think it'd be a great game if I could get past five seconds without it freezing.
,Recommended,449800,25294776,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,V0iD,"The game is definitely good and recommended, but to be honest I feel like there's not enough of a skill curve in the game when it comes to the combat system. The automatic aiming system makes it very easy to hit the titan's weak spots at almost any angle, and I think this is what takes a lot of fun away from the game. I used to play around with theAttack On Titan Tribute Gameand it has a large skill curve which I liked because you have to aim manually where your wires are going to be attached to. I understand that aiming manually wouldn't work great for most controllers though, because of how hard it would be to aim quickly and precisely with controller joysticks, but it works great with a mouse and keyboard.I also think that it's time to make controllers that are easier to aim with compared to how efficient a mouse is in FPS games. I truly believe that a Attack On Titan game deserves a larger skill curve, in such a way that you feel like you are mastering the art of slaughtering titans.There is a fan game I am quietly keeping my eye on which looks promising, it's being created by a youtuber calledGuedin13090, you can check it out if you want, recommended."
76561198119038576,Recommended,449800,25214340,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,N-Dee,"this game is very addictive, but I cant play the online mode"
,Recommended,449800,25237930,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Fromps,"Aside from the having crash to desktop issues in multiplayer (apparently due to the voice chat in game) and having to fiddle with the graphics settings to get a smooth framerate, it's a pretty solid game. The controls are good and the game gives you a great sense of flight when using the Vertical Maneuvering Equipment. Follows through the anime's story plus some epilogue."
,Not Recommended,449800,25216955,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lobohotpants,1.  Has to be run in Windows 7 compatability mode.2.  Crashed constantly in multiplayer co-op3.  Doesn't support resolutions higher than 1080p4.  Poor mouse and keyboard support
,Recommended,449800,25205419,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ragnar,Very good fluid game i found. it is a little expensive i think but its worth it
76561198149713453,Recommended,449800,25183275,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Shima,"The game is fun but has alot bugs.Multiplayer will crash if you dont disable your mic windows.If you use an xbox 360 controller your camera will constently be moving around unless you move it in another direction. Basicly it will always be moving. It does not work well with mouse and keyboard.IT DOES NOT INCLUDE THE SOURCE SDK, that is bold face lie.Other than these issues the game is fun to play."
,Recommended,449800,25344759,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Joesen,"I over joyed it, playing it for a whole day, probs killing titanos more than levi, feeling badass about it, and stealing food for sasha.I mean, what could you ask more?oh wait. i know... *insert hanji's creepy smile* to be able to see my otp.that random person over there: ""but we have that""SAY WAT NOW.lol, jokes aside.worth it, im probably humanity's new strongest.play with controller, and after you finish the game, play with your friends. and after you've done that... go with your friends and steal some potatoes for sasha.(I also find it amusing seeing levi running after hannji togther with Moblit... #LeviHan)"
76561198047159695,Recommended,449800,25365148,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,PickleRick,Bought it...Downloaded it...Then I played for 10 hours straight.
76561198279945712,Recommended,449800,25182360,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CommieNoodle,"Ok, i love this game :), when i started the game the grapics were smooth and sexy rexy, the keyboard controls♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off at first and i had a xbox one controller and connected it to my pc and it had the the best controls ever fam, i would highly recommend this game if you do have a wired controller and a good gaming pc - Wise Papa Goose"
76561198184790809,Recommended,449800,25548992,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SHHHWIFTY,"Got frustrated because it won't work, googled for 2 hours straight to only find out that the game was not set in my graphics card... 10/10 worth it!!!!"
76561198194342862,Recommended,449800,27334879,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Total,Titans did 9/11
76561197961549261,Recommended,449800,25278417,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Comstar,Great fun if you enjoy the gameplay
76561198185208537,Recommended,449800,25252612,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PenguinMaster7427,The 3rd party xbox 360 remote support doesnt exist. Fix it. you just made me waste £20 on a remote that is now useless. 1/10.Update: The actual game is amazing. very happy about it. still very annoyed though.
76561198274570524,Recommended,449800,25282394,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PhantomFury,I am not having any trouble with the game but other people do so about the controller try to but the shortcut at the emulator folder i did that on my ps4 controller i took the shortcut if the game to DS4windows some people say it works only with ps4 controllers or its just the controls that are ♥♥♥♥ed up but its worth a try and if your still having a problem with the crashing or still controller i really feel to you and i hope it gets fixed or something like that
,Recommended,449800,25263683,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mi,"Awesome fast paced action-game, would recommend a controller thoughFight for Haramb... I mean humanity!9/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,449800,25432713,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Para,its actually pretty fun
76561198064433447,Recommended,449800,30292631,Posted: 3 March,all,Oneir,Rob Thomas from Match Box Twenty gives this a game a thumbs up!
76561198108060442,Recommended,449800,30321294,Posted: 4 March,all,Kyle Song,it looks like a great game to play its to bad i spent 60 dollars so my computer could show me great graphics 5 frames a second. only get this game if you have a good computer
,Recommended,449800,29943852,Posted: 15 February,all,No Presure,Helloooooooooooooooooooooooooo :)
76561198040333156,Recommended,449800,25814046,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WTF IS THIS?,good stuff
,Recommended,449800,29865505,Posted: 11 February,all,---,"This game is True to the anime in many ways, It is amazing and gives you the experience of being a Titan Slayer, it is amazing.Pro : A lotCons : PC Controls are bad, just use a controller, its KT what did you expect?"
76561197963955708,Recommended,449800,25189425,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Oliver- KING KONG GUN!!,i like it
76561198253182407,Not Recommended,449800,25262041,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,would not stop crashing every 2 minutes. it seems really cool and fun for the little time. requsted a refund so i could just get it on my ps4. buddy tells me it runs flawless on there so wish me luck! haha
76561198133408242,Recommended,449800,25650094,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,逃げるだよ,Its what I waiting for all time.
76561198115970292,Recommended,449800,30104396,Posted: 22 February,all,ProFeedeR,"If you are an AOT fan, you wont regret buying this game. Just need to accept the repetitive gameplay and the short storyline."
,Recommended,449800,27245164,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkNES_4,I'm REALLY addicted to this game. Found myself playing till 1am. Very satisfying taking out the Titans. I highly recommend it. Can't wait to play MP on it.
76561197970767043,Recommended,449800,27409685,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shadow_arg,"Fun game, feels like playing the anime"
,Recommended,449800,27367810,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CS,"Kill, kill, kill and KILL!!! So much fun with this game, recommended!"
,Not Recommended,449800,28910097,Posted: 1 January,all,atg313,"Did not work at all, very disappointed to say the least..."
76561198030585430,Recommended,449800,29456033,Posted: 23 January,all,SWAT_Q8TY,Good game.
76561198081312392,Recommended,449800,29430002,Posted: 22 January,all,Jayfer Rock,i do really like the game. But there is only one problem and i know that its not for everyone but sometimes the voices in the cutscenes and the voices in genral just are not there. you can only  hear the other sounds and there was one time that i did work for me but then they released an update for the game and i couldnt have the voices anymore. i do really want it fixed as i do want to feel liek they npc's and the player are talking. I dont really know who this issue is a thing and why its really uncommon but i would lobve it fixed so i can play it alot more. but other then that everything is really good you feel like you are doing things and the controls are really easy to learn and master. there are lots of differnt charaters even some i didnt think i could play as the story follows the anime really well and i do like doing things in this game. but i just really want the voices to work.
76561198115964458,Recommended,449800,29868651,Posted: 12 February,all,∀~AxesDenied~∀,"Not Recommended for people using Windows 8 and Windows 10The game crashes alot and causes headache trying to fix it.On the gameplay side, ITS FUN. Only if you have the time to get used to the controls and tinker a bit to suit your own playstyle. This does not have mouse support, sadly. I'm fine using the arrows keys though."
76561198000030523,Recommended,449800,25350525,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Calyxie,You can kill titans dude! Why are you reading reviews to know if you should buy this
76561198058593956,Recommended,449800,25418857,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Troblin,"This is specific game to play or buy for specific reasons.First reason to mention and forget - to thank anime creators for creating more adult themed animes with realistic damage, suffering etc.Second reason to play this game is if you are a fan of this peculiar anime and can't get enough of it while the seasons are in the making.Third reason is to experience a miracle of starting with feeling that your wrists are about to break from what the game wants you to do with the controls and then a few hours later finding out that your fingers begin to bend in ways unforseen and along with your characters you begin to perform feats of superhuman agility.Fourth reason - for those who relax and shut down their brain during pve this game offers a lot of grind opportunities. You just grind. Then grind some more. Getting all achievements, all weapons etc is not too hard, it's almost within reach.... and then it's a week later still almost there.Fifth reason - cooperative competitive PvE. This game is close to a good racing game in that there's never enough reaction to do everything perfectly, there's always room for optimization, always a way to do more. And in this company is a great helper.I cannot say that this game is perfect even for anime fans, but it does manage to give you the freedom of choice while constant motivation of hurrying somewhere, fixed storyline and endless grind, dumb characters and their bright moments.If you don't like anime and would only like to check out unique playstyle - wait for discountIf you like anime and especially if you enjoyed valkyria chronicles game - this game is very much for you."
,Recommended,449800,25678338,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Zyle The Zombie,BEST AOT GAME EVER!!!!
76561198137931103,Recommended,449800,25659186,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ah Liu 阿刘,I think i can use my ps4 controller to play this game😃 But still dont know yet
,Recommended,449800,25250600,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Kuningas Negros Mustavalkoinen,"Oh Jeez where to begin.Alright, first off I think it's important to mention that this game is still unstable when it comes to the Expedition-Mode. (The developers have found the issue already, but haven't figured out how to fix it yet in case anyone hasn't heard about it)Another thing that vexes me a lil' bit is that it's not a very long game + most missions are slightly the same and only the ""story"" of that certain mission is different than the other ones.Anyway, the game runs as smooth as butter and is extremely fun especially if you enjoyed the anime as I did.I'd definitely recommend this game even though it has it's flaws. But what game is utterly perfect?"
,Recommended,449800,25614532,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Shroom King,"Commodore Perry: The Anime: The Game is great.Do you love great games based around ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mangas/Animes?Then Attack on Titan is for you! Play the game and enjoy some of the snappiest Spiderman swinging controls since Spiderman 2, kill titans at high speed and feel like an absolute badass while you do so. Enjoy one of the better examples of a musou game that stays true to the concept of the show, and provides a decent challenge. Though it's pretty hilariously easy at first, which completely undersells how terrifying these things are supposed to be, they get pretty challenging later on, requiring some actual strategy.Or just mash B as a tactics character and let your squad do the work for you.Experience the joys the Anime/Manga promised you and then forgot about halfway through for some terrible plot about corrupt royaltyGet an abridged version of the plot that almost makes it not terrible! Experience the joy of the show copping out of killing the main character and your one best friend telling you it was a legitimately good plot point EXCEPT THAT IT WASN'T TOM. Remember how quickly the show shifted from Humanity's struggle against giant naked zombie men to Special snowflakes with titan powers stealing the show!Enjoy all your favorite characters as playable warriors! Such as:Generic Anime Protagonist with Murder Boner.Superpower Asian girl everyone pretends actually has a character.The Competent Crybaby.A few characters people pretend to care about but really don't.Meme Girl.German badass that everyone loves because Japan loves Germans.And Scientist that probably has a vore fetish.All of these characters do actually bring their own playstyle to the game, though most have some overlap with each other in the skills front, their stats do make a nice difference in how they each feel and play.Is the game worth $60?I would say so actually! In addition to the main story, there's a bonus chapter that's basically ""Season 2: The Teaser"", and many, many many many side missions. There's basically an entire Survey Corps bonus campaign in addition to the main one.If you're a fan of the Manga/Anime, you've already bought this game. If you're just a fan of the concept, this game does it plenty of justice and you will enjoy it. If you hate the Manga/Anime then you're probably just reading through negative reviews to justify your opinion, which makes me wonder why you chose to read this one!7/5'ths of a Shiitake Mushroom out of a Potato meme."
76561198198426722,Recommended,449800,25556420,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,T-ShirtKnight,"Epic, fantastic game with awesome graphics. Works great even though my laptop is listed as subpar in specs."
76561198101549506,Recommended,449800,25373834,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Bonswizzle Sharizzle,"Attack on Titan / A.O.T Wings of Freedom is a fast-paced action hack-and-slash that is addicting and satisfying.Although the gameplay/mechanics never really change, there is something exhilerating about doing a backflip off of a horse and then pulling off a 1080 spin to cut the limbs off of a bunch of naked giants.Pros:-Beautiful Graphics-Amazing Cut Scenes-Fast and Fun-Mikasa's Gameplay-Multiplayer ModeCons:-Short (But feels long due to the repetitiveness)-Awkward Female Titan AI-Poorly tells story (But that is what the show is for)Buy this game if you're a fan of the show of if it's not full price. 7/10 - Fun Game"
76561198114973189,Recommended,449800,25201126,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TaurusSilver,fun but kinda not worth for the price because it ends on season 1 anime AOT.. but surely.. it fun .. i love it..
,Recommended,449800,27312073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Diz,Amazing
,Recommended,449800,25182394,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ryzen_Core,"Love the Anime, but the lackof / long delay for Season 2 of the anime is taking Way too damn long, and there isnt other anime or many other video games out id like to play at this moment, the divison hasnt got much better, Resident evil 2 Remake is still way off for TBA Release date 2017/2018, and Season 2 of Attack on titan isnt due out till at least in spring 2017, still too far away for me with not much interest in othe anime or other games..but Idk what people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about on this game, yeah it lacks mouse controls, but i prefere a contoller anyway, my controllers deadzone on the thumbsticks need to be adjusted/adjustable in AOT game, wee need a deadzone adjustment option, my camera control thumbstic doesnt center properly/or isnt got the Deadzone adjusted properly, using an X360 wireless controller.but i agree wit the lack of Graphics options, and such, not enough DLC either, but the game was just relased yesturday..the only thing i moslty hate is PS4 Anime/ most anime Japan made games like this AOT: W.O.Freedom, are ALWAYS PORTED to PC.. we never get these type of games, actually designed FOR PC.... these are ALWAYS PS3/PS4 PORTS Ported to PC, and i dont think its Fair/ or Right, also with the lack of Options in game and even graphics cababilities and Graphics Options... My PC as is,... is about 4-8 times more powerfull than a PS4 and or Xbone, and we cant have more advanced graphics or settings, is not right for us PC users, and that is mostly the reason iv always played games on PC, back in the day, PC hardware aniahlated Gaming Consoles, PSx (PS1) sega saturn etc... but now PCs are just♥♥♥♥♥♥on naw a days.. and I have to put more $ into my PC for when REALLy DECENT PC GAMES come out that arnt PC PORTS and actually surpase the Current Gen Consloles, yet there still in no way the way they could make PC games , i feel like the PC GAMES are still about 1-2 Generations apart because of the PS4/Xbox One not being upgradable or have the GPU/CPU modified to more cores/threads or Core Clocks or Gpu Cababilities, but PC's Can always be upgraded, especially if you build them your self like me and millions of other out there..but this game is great, we just need more advanced options. and graphics that the PS4 version cant do, but PCs can, and awlays will be slightly mor advanced, becuase, console hardware is outdated once a newer Gen GPU from AMD/Nvidia Is released that can do more then what the new AMD APU's wll do in the..PS4-Neo (PS4.5) or XBoxOne S... those will be outdated by spring 2017/or by 2018 at the earlisest"
,Not Recommended,449800,31801339,Posted: 17 May,all,BluntMethod,Was a lot of fun but crashes at the end of the first mission and apparently the only fix is to install a year old driver.
,Recommended,449800,25201582,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Laxus,"My honest opinion is this game shocked me on how good it was. In the beginning I was concerned not to pass 2 hours just in case the game was bad, but it turned out to be really fun. The fighting is really fun and its one of those games you can play on the controller relaxed on the couch. Missions don’t even feel long even if you spent almost 20min in a missions because the combat is just so engaging. This game can get difficult once you unlock the true attack mode if you're worried about it being to easy. Sadly, the game is not dubbed yes I prefer dubbed, but it’s easily overlooked once you start getting into to the first mission and experience the game. If you’re a fan of the anime soundtrack it’s not in the game, but that doesn’t mean the music in game is bad. Having the OST is an easy fix if you own it. Multiplayer can be improved by adding the option to mute others online because nobody wants to hear a bunch of background noise when playing. Also from what I’ve seen the game is locked at 1080p 59fps, but it could've been worse. I highly recommend this especially if you’re a fan of the anime."
76561198294587337,Not Recommended,449800,31824083,Posted: 18 May,all,Rokuro,"weird I cant play , I didnt even start at the main page for choosing any story mode or else . it just stuck in black after the game trailer intro . Somebodyu help me"
,Recommended,449800,25267507,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,fzeo,Good game.Somehow still dc during the co-op.
76561198151344393,Recommended,449800,25294696,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Doctor,This is one of my best games. If you like the anime you will most likely like this game a lot!!!!
,Recommended,449800,27038039,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mezzoflation,"One of Koei better games, a huge change of pace compared to Chinese Genocide Simulator 8."
,Recommended,449800,31655236,Posted: 9 May,all,biggest wiener,great game
,Recommended,449800,33634249,Posted: 18 July,all,Nugget,Nothing beats soaring through the air while eliminating titans that come across your path!
,Recommended,449800,33704137,Posted: 21 July,all,lior4537,TRUE FANS MUST BUY IT!BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER.
,Recommended,449800,25736560,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Maieath,"This game is fun, its the best ""spider-man"" game out there, probably! Using ODM feels good, slaying titans feels good, even if abit repeatative, until you meet ""special"" ones. Yet, there is ONE thing that needs to be fixed as soon as possible, out of ""lock-on-mode"" camera. Moving around can be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you are just getting from A to B, i hope this WILL be fixed."
76561198110528058,Recommended,449800,31649853,Posted: 9 May,all,SarixInTheHouse,"I really really love the game. The mechanic is good, the keys are kinda weird but once u're used to it, it''s be fine (I only played on keyboard).Unfortunately there barely is any public room, if there even is one,If you want to play with me, feel free to contact me. :)"
,Recommended,449800,25224287,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Chaud314231,"For fans of the show, the game is the best example so far of what it's like to use the Omnidirectional Gear, and being a Titan. It also does recreations of the show scenes quite well, though some moments are better or worse than others, lacking the oomph the original show gave. There are some moments that are tweaked for gameplay purposes, or missing altogether. However, this shouldn't be a problem if you're interested in high flying Titan slaughtering action.Also be sure to play on Hard Mode for maximum realism. Titans don't play hardball you know."
,Recommended,449800,25189844,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[IFN] Lycan [EA],"I think the game is fun, but needs the co-op servers to be buffed. And even though the price was discounted when i bought it, i dont think its worth the full price. i think it should be a $35 game or a little less. The game is somewhat unsiprisingly shallow, yet still fun. WARNING: USE A CONTROLLER and if your not a fan of the anime you wont like this (in my opinion) but people who haven't seen it (the very few) can play it instead of watching. 7/10"
76561198104463969,Recommended,449800,25169436,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Weasel747,Do you wish spiderman weilded swords and killed naked people?this is the game you've been looking for.10/10 would websling naked people again.
,Recommended,449800,25189808,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Handsum Jeck,"I love this game so much and i gladly recommend to anyone. I would also like to recommend my controls layout to anyone who doesnt own a controller like myself,Fire Anchor - Left ShiftAttack - Numpad 7Jump/Boost - SpaceAction - EReset Camera - Numpad 5Toggle Combat Mode - QToggle Map - Right ControlDecisive Battle Signal - PPerform Gesture/Tips & Tricks - RPause - EscForward - WRight - DBackward - SLeft - ACamera Up - Numpad 8Camera Right - Numpad 6Camera Down - Numpad 2Camera Left - Numpad 4Use Item - 2Select Item Right - 3Change Team Objective - Numpad 0Select Item Left - 1"
76561198023765843,Recommended,449800,25190956,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,OG-Tortoise,Pretty damn fun.  The omni mobility was done absolutely right.  Great Job.    THE ONLY downside....no resolution above 1080p.  Game still looks great though.  Would highly recommended for fans of the anime.
76561198045688564,Recommended,449800,25172470,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Carrot | gamekit.com,"Very good Game. As well, I recommend this game. Good graphics, gameplay, etc. No, the controls are good. Fun Game and you should buy it."
,Recommended,449800,25203278,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hyde,10/10 Would chicken wing the titans again!
76561198255329416,Recommended,449800,33852635,Posted: 28 July,all,Pdiew2549,this game is awesome
,Recommended,449800,25497836,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,r4kasha,"hack n slach, beat em up kind of game... with good storylines... ^_^"
,Recommended,449800,25500870,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,DaRK_0S,"This game is simply an enourmous amount of fun. It's basically Dynasty Warriors revamped with 3d-movement that's on steroids. If you think that this game ""doesn't have best graphics, doesn't have best..."" forget it - maybe this game isn't a AAA title, but it's way more fun than most of the AAA games that are released nowadays. Buy it. Just do it. So value."
76561198163328769,Recommended,449800,25495690,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,kscott2084,"I owen this game on my XBOX 1 and it is a amazing game, The only down side is the balancing of the characters and i think the should be more playable characters."
,Recommended,449800,25496444,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Saber,SIE SIND DAS ESSEN UND WIR SIND DIE JAGER!10/10 Would slay titans again
,Recommended,449800,29051767,Posted: 5 January,all,linkthehylian,Better than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tribute Game.
76561198298889903,Recommended,449800,33066821,Posted: 30 June,all,CosmicArrow,"Lets be clear, this is a great fun game that looks nice and plays well but there are some major flaws. The biggest in my opinion is that there isnt any mouse suport. To play I had to use a controller. Now to anyone thinking ""ill be fine with keyboard"" NO YOU WONT wasd to move and 1234 to change camera angles..... your other hand will be on ijkl for other things so DO NOT buy this game if you dont have a controller. Second is graphics options. You cant customize graphics options, you cant turn on vsync (there is major frame tearing). The only way you can enable vsync is to manualy turn it on in the nvidia/amd control panels. Third is resolution. This only supports the basic resolutions. 480 720 1080 and a couple in the middle. If your monitor is below 1080 but above 720 like mine then you will probably have to go with 720 unless you want a really wierd aspect ratio with some black bars on either the top/bottom or sides (the bars arent really a big deal and dont look too bad). Well I want to say this is a good game but it still has some major flaws."
76561198140324126,Recommended,449800,30051056,Posted: 19 February,all,Tehmo,I get to fight naked 3-15 meter human-like creatures.
76561198120120855,Recommended,449800,25427946,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Aki秋,"Never expect the keyboard user can played these type of game. this game can use any controller.the story still has a long way to go, hopefully it developed further more.Wounldn't play so much due the online statement. less people buying this game so the online is mostly like offline. if this game starting to go VIRAL. i think i can play this game as long as i could image.9/12 of the Control7/12 Story - becasue some of the animation had gone missing. Don't get some of the part on the anime.e.g. Where is Eren Rampage moment when he fighting Annie at the end.12/12 Music - Love the music so much.100/100 would recommended other people to buy.this is pretty much my review on A.O.T and sorry for my bad ENGLISH!-peace"
,Recommended,449800,25171200,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cloudero,There is where titans fall.(A controller is recommended.)
76561198029040262,Recommended,449800,25487789,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,cooper_tone,The horses cling onto me like my ex-girlfriend.
76561198288135721,Recommended,449800,26330228,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ghost tea,"everytime I try to play it, it crashes. I click play, steam opens a pop up saying ""preparing to launch game"", it goes away and the another tab opens but disappears immediently. it says i have played it but I have not. I am confused on why it is not working on my computer. I have plenty of running space on my computer and everything is fine, no viruses, but it does not work. I want to know if anyine else has this problem"
,Recommended,449800,27252276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Wanderer,"Get this game if you are a fan of the anime. Very evocative of the world that they live in, and fun to play around with the gear system!"
76561198097184328,Recommended,449800,31981370,Posted: 26 May,all,JacKing,GG epic game for SNK/AOT fans9/10
,Recommended,449800,31978628,Posted: 26 May,all,Ginzou,"Loved it! Gets repetitive, but wouldn't mind if you like the anime series."
,Recommended,449800,25216406,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Oscerr,it vv good :)
,Recommended,449800,25216747,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Spicy Longshanks,"It's a rough port. The gameplay isn't for months and months of play, its to jump in every so often and blast some titans. I've always been a fan of the older feeling upgrade systems, and the movement is great.The controls for PC are pretty bad though. No mouse support at all and the keyboard is a struggle. Even the UI only references controller buttons.Finally, it asks you to start in Windows 7 compatability but that doesn't even work. Hopefully they will patch this. There's potential for something fun here, just needs more polish."
,Recommended,449800,25372389,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,RemmySC,I love this game!
,Recommended,449800,28535782,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Shadow Assassin,"If you want a game about getting around fast and free and have a controller this is a very solid, very fun game."
76561198071393030,Recommended,449800,32698139,Posted: 23 June,all,Korean Analyst,"Great game, Amazing Graphics, Good short story. Keyboard players beware, Controller intended. Looks amazing and runs great. If ur a fan of the anime would def reccomend.Highlight for me was playing as eren in titan form. (selling point)10/10 would massacre again"
76561198234487576,Recommended,449800,32710349,Posted: 23 June,all,Thunderlips,If you're an Attack on Titan fan then this game is a must own.
76561198306447979,Recommended,449800,32765243,Posted: 25 June,all,yoshithecrimson,"Gud game. If u like de anime u like dis. Similar to dynasty warriors but better gameplay imo.Vastly better than most anime games which turn out ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Buy it while it's on sale, won't be going any cheaper than this any time soon."
,Recommended,449800,28243632,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[TSS]Nadeau5,yes
76561198018521556,Recommended,449800,25223966,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Atrozi,I never knew I wanted to be samurai spiderman until I played this game
76561198207019872,Recommended,449800,26202005,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Token Black,This is a good game if you are a fan of attack on titan. The story mode took me roughly about 12 hours to play. After that you can play online and upgrade your weapons and ODM  Gear etc.I woudl say it's worth it only if you like attack on titan. Since I am a big fan I would reccomend it
,Recommended,449800,29954020,Posted: 15 February,all,LincViper,For fanboys who like to kill naked people. Bit grindy but overall a good game.Story and cutscenes is like the recreation from anime. Soundtract doesn't give the chills like the anime.If you have screen tearing. Use Graphics Panel force Vsync due to the fact that the game has no-to-little settings on the graphics section
,Recommended,449800,28379731,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kqwell,"controls are terrible. Ai kinda sucks. but the game gives me the feeling of being in the anime and many games that is made from a anime fails but this game do it great. but not worth 400 norwegian kr or 46 us dollars. if your a fan of attack on titan mange/anime. get it,but wait until a steam sale.   6/10 rating from me."
76561198151681933,Recommended,449800,28382824,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jaren,"So if you are on the fence for buying this game, here is a little insight into the gameplay.You learn how to play,Its starts to be very easy,You face Annie, and it gets harder,its easy again and nothing is a challenge.I wouldn't say that this game is worth the 59.99, But I had a couple of good days playing it before I got bored."
76561198076912198,Recommended,449800,28177961,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,aKill,"This game is actually quite fun. I didn't really expect it to be good seeing the videos and images, but the game controls the 3D maneuver gear masterfully! :)This is your best bet, if you want to experience moving around in the 3D maneuver gear. The fight mechanics are also pretty good.My only gripe is, the chracters seem way more competent in the game than thier anime/manga counter parts. Eren has been slicing Titans left and right with my exceptional controlling skills. :P"
,Recommended,449800,28177203,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MediN,"Awfully short story and Repetitive game mechanics that present zero challenge whatsoever. Allied soldier are absolutely useless and the tiny amount of content simply doesn't worth the price. But otherwise the presentation is stunning. The graphics are decent, the character looks amazing and they captured the key events in the Anime very well. Plus the gameplay is not that bad just repetitive. I expect myself to drop this game as soon as I finished story mode but somehow spamming titan killing in the expedition mode can provide some enjoyment.Pick this game up if :Weeb, AOT fans, Like good looking game, Spare money, Wants to be with your waifu Mikasa. (Expedition modes also allows you to play as Levi, Christa Lenz and Hange Zoe if you're into them).Don't pick this up if :>tfw no money, Focus on gameplay, Competitive gamer, Looking for challenge, Looking for good story.Christa best girl."
,Recommended,449800,25265012,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Damien Ramirez,"Great game, highly recommended! controls are easy to get used to."
76561198003912168,Recommended,449800,29985391,Posted: 17 February,all,Jon Snow,"Very good game, missing The original soundtrack but Faithful to the anime."
,Recommended,449800,27069200,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MasterChief995,Love this game. It actually for me felt like a genuine game that held true to the awesome anime it represents.
,Recommended,449800,35096967,Posted: 20 September,all,MrKing1990,Can't wait for AOT2.
76561198354915182,Recommended,449800,35140030,Posted: 22 September,all,The Master of Pi,"I aboslutly love this gam, buy it by all means"
,Recommended,449800,25280958,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,NetQvist,"Some of the best combat gameplay I've seen in a long time, add in some RPG elements and it does have quite a bit of longevity.I do think the release price is a bit too high however due to several technical issues on the PC release. The worst offender is probably the resolution since you can't go above 1080p and there's no proper anti aliasing, so if those are your requirements stay away. Also apparently no keyboard/mouse support as well as some issues with inverted controller buttons. Luckily I haven't had any issues with my 360 wireless using normal drivers except for a very narrow deadzone on the right stick."
,Recommended,449800,28266537,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,io | Ducky Momo,"Titans, man.They ain't got no wing-wangs. 10/10"
76561198080919576,Recommended,449800,28305966,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Designated ChinaMan,"Big fan! bought it a week on its release, awesome combat style makes you feel awesome, story from anime and manga, great visuals, enjoy killing titans. i dont care what people says it's an awesome game!!"
,Recommended,449800,35427968,Posted: 2 October,all,SFMgamer,This is a amazing
,Recommended,449800,32672442,Posted: 23 June,all,１０時ー8 OCTOBER （日）,Mikasa
,Recommended,449800,25180448,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Horri,https://youtu.be/cRLqG6ohnGQ
,Not Recommended,449800,25160218,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Travingel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7jBXi7x7bwcrashed me 6x to desktop within the tutorialmy specs outshine the recommended but here are they anywaysGEFORCE GTX 780i7-4790k @4.00 GIGAhz16GB of rami tried all graphical settings from high to potato to my ex.crashes all the time, its a koei tecmo port, its exactly what you expect"
,Not Recommended,449800,25160135,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kvothe,"I was really hyped about this game, but unfortunately it turns out to be almost impossible to play it on PC (Keyboard/Mouse). Game does not support Mouse so Camera control are messed up and it's hard to play and rotate camera manually.Game is running smoothly and the graphics are what i expected, but it's impossible to play it on PC (joystick commands are fu*ked up).If you own PS4 go buy it now, but i wouldn't recommend it to play it on PC..."
,Recommended,449800,29174381,Posted: 10 January,all,มิ้นซี่,Been grinding nonstop since i bought the game. Highly recommended.
76561198093696020,Not Recommended,449800,28819995,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CASP3R,its a shame this is optimized so poorly because it really does seem like its a fun one. got such bad tearing throughout that it was making me a bit motion sickmy rig = better than your rig
,Recommended,449800,34645270,Posted: 31 August,all,KawaiiDan || カワイダ,▋ 　　 ▋　◢▀　▀◣▌　 　 　▌　▌ 　 .▌▌　　　　▌ ▌　　　▌▐ 　 　　 ▌ ▌ 　 　▌▐ 　 　 ▀■▀ 　 　▌◢◤　　　　　　　　　▀▃◢◤　　　　　　　　　 　　◥◣▌　　　　　　　　　　 　　　▌▐　 　●　　 　　　　●　　　　▌▌　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ▌◥◣ 　 　　 ╳ 　　　　　　◢◤◢▀▅▃▂　　　▂▂▃▅▀▅◢◤　　　　▀▀▀▀▀　　　　　◥◣▐◣▃▌　　　　　　　　　　　▐▃◢▌◥◣▃▌　　　　 　　 　　　　▐▃◢◤▀▅▃　　　　　 　 　　▂▅▀▀■▆▅▅▅▅▅▆■█▀▐▃▃▃▲▃▃▃◢
76561198130796837,Recommended,449800,29842622,Posted: 11 February,all,ndunlevey,This game is fun asf.
,Not Recommended,449800,29125726,Posted: 8 January,all,(+[Za]::),"First off, not worth 60, maybe 10-20. I paid 35 and kinda feel like it wasnt worth that. The titan fighting mechanics are fun at FIRST then it gets super repetitive and incredibly boring. It also tried soo hard to be the anime until you get to the last fight at the end that was WAY too easy. she literally didnt even try to hit me. There are multiple ways this couldve been so much better. I honestly feel like they were thinking ""lets make a titan killing game! people will buy it!"" and thats how it feels. You kill titans, thats it. Its fun if you play it 30m-1hr a day. after that it gets pretty painful. Also the story aspect was just not good. Sooooo many different directions they couldve taken the story, but instead its just exactly what weve already read/seen multiple times. Maybe buy it if its on sale, but its absolutely not worth anywhere near 60."
76561198015401749,Not Recommended,449800,32751490,Posted: 24 June,all,Drumael,no xbox or ps4 controller support and wierd KB buttons makes this unplayable
,Recommended,449800,25179318,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,|FreedomRP| Subee,When About To Attack Titan's Booty But Mom Gets in the Room. rip
,Not Recommended,449800,25391146,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Inddy,"I saw all the reviews saying the controls are bad and. I thought that I could handle it. Use a workaround, maybe get used to it. No, there is no workaround. I use a wired Xbox 360 controller for most games and this game literally confuses the a and x buttons and they and b buttons. I don't mean it switch their functions I mean is says press the b button to boost and it really means the y button. press a to continue? nope try x. I've gotten my refund, and if they patch it, I'll re-purchase it and change my review."
,Recommended,449800,25397217,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Juli Kidman,I bought this game after I got refunded from No Man Sky on steam. It's worth it 10/10. Did not regret single bit.
76561198003920161,Recommended,449800,28087309,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sylph Skies,"This is definitely the best action game I have played all year!!You have to be strategic about where you stand too when locking on to enemies. You can't just go blasting around in the air expecting to win, plus you run out of gas and need to be careful. I was surprised how fast your comrades die too -- there is always so much going on keeping you engaged! Saving your friends, mining items from Titan limbs (I like this feature), missions, etc.Yep, definitely the best action game I have played all year, but I might be a bit biased because I'm already a huge Attack on Titan fan. Attack on Titan and Durarara have been my strongest anime obsessions as of lately."
76561198318931797,Not Recommended,449800,25373343,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dustyspaid,for some reason it wont stop crashing
,Recommended,449800,31994357,Posted: 27 May,all,Yana,"This is interesting and nice gampelay, but somehow the graphic is kinda normal, which mean if you have a high-end specs PC, it doesnt different as other people who have middle specs Pc, i think they should add the Graphic Setting thats all..HAPPY GAMINGSINCERELY,Gabe Logan Newell(Fake)"
,Recommended,449800,25305439,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ninjasnake12,"I swear, this game is amazing. It's a great game to pass time as well as to grind to get those S's and Acheivements. Even though it can be a bit repetitve I found it quite fun! The two things I disliked was the keyboard/gamepad because really in all honesty, you need a controller & the other thing is the voice chat in multiplayer. The voice chat is forced and you can't mute people or turn it off. Other than those complaints that I have, it is a very great game through & through. I like how it covers the first season of the Anime and some content from the Manga. Great Game"
,Not Recommended,449800,27673621,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sry 2 easy,"The controls are too hard to master, bindings are terrible..."
76561198157262700,Recommended,449800,25620636,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,lycan.reaper07,worst control ever
76561198085192472,Recommended,449800,25253678,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,REPORT ME,refunded NMS and got this
,Recommended,449800,25175446,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[LuftWaffle]Ronin,"I'll cut the crap and go straight into it, yes people are reporting crashes, can i say they happen frequently? No. Five hours straight without any issues. Yes keyboard and mouse controls suck, use a controller. Controls are a little weird at first but you adjust rather quick. Unless you understand japanese prepare to read. Overall the game is quite enjoyable, you fly around a map slicing giants and such, makes you slowly start to feel like the god of death. In short 10/10 would commit genocide aginst giants again. WE NEED TO BUILD A WALL."
76561198028389582,Not Recommended,449800,25261474,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,iller42,"I love the way this game is made. They way they create the game from the anime allows the player to interact like your in the anime. However one flaw, and flaw so bad that it destroy the entire enjoyment of the game. The control scheme shown in game are not that on your controller. Why and how is that even possible when creating a game is beyond me. To add insult to injury the right analog stick on your controller doesn't even work with the game and playing with the keyboard is nearly impossible and the mouse does not work. to create such an amazing game that people would totally buy but ♥♥♥♥ up the control is astonishing."
,Recommended,449800,26203623,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Totally not a Trap,"Great game, super addicting, AI is like watching Helen Keller navigate through a labyrinth."
76561198173931709,Recommended,449800,25293959,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Panji,This game (at least for me) is only worth for the story mode but the devs force you to do some side-quests(which i hate) to unlock part of the story but leaving that aside this game is good to play only for the story because the multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ With that i say its a good game ...but... 60 euros meh i think 40 would be good.
,Recommended,449800,30851058,Posted: 31 March,all,S A D,love this game but i bought it on ps4 cuz my computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥still worth the money
76561198268131718,Recommended,449800,25375653,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,9211getdown,"there should be PVP; CTF,KOTH,TDM,PROTECT YOUR TITAN. THAT WOULD KILL THE REPETATIVeNESS"
,Recommended,449800,25293738,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lunatyk0,♥♥♥♥ing nice game!
,Recommended,449800,25363754,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Rammy,YEEEEAAAAH! I'M SPIDERMAN!NYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
76561198033683279,Not Recommended,449800,28132203,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SATAN,If your really and i mean really enjoy the AOT franchise then buy this game if not this game loses alot of its value and momentum after like 30 minutes or so :[ RIP AOT.
76561198167622017,Not Recommended,449800,28177911,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Damarion,i don't know why Attack on titan always crash on my computer. I really wanna play the game.
76561198155302203,Recommended,449800,28178401,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,xEtren505x,This game never gets old and is best played with friends.I recomend this game if you are a fan of the anime or just want to kill things.It has heaps of amazing moves and abilitys you can get or do: like running up walls and swoop ability.
76561198035592974,Recommended,449800,25244443,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,eft253,10 OUDDA 10 BUT XBOX ONE CONTROLLER DOESN'T WORK. LUCKY ME THOUGH ALSO HAS A PS4 CONTROLLER. GOT THIS WITH MY REFUND FROM NO MANS SKY.
76561198285828006,Recommended,449800,26085240,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Red,Hey it keep crashing when I click play now but I still like it
,Recommended,449800,27077464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chuck.,Super addictive !
,Recommended,449800,27095960,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jakewischer,"If you are a fan of the anime/manga you will most likely enjoy this game. It can feel a bit repetitive after a while, but it is still fun.Because of its repetition I would buy it while it is on sale."
,Recommended,449800,25397660,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Azuma 東,"i love the anime, i love the game.if you love the anime, you will love the game."
76561198007590507,Not Recommended,449800,25442914,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,999th Lord Commander,"not working on GTX960m driver updated to this day, i7 47xx, win10, 16gb ram.. tried verify cache and win7 compatablity... im disapponted but please do a quick fix!"
76561198151302607,Recommended,449800,29879831,Posted: 12 February,all,⎛⎝Muji⎠⎞,this is one greant game but you need to change the keys to keybord
76561198160326359,Not Recommended,449800,25282104,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,missinglink22,"alright so this is my first review so bear with me here.I am a huge fan of the Attack on Titan anime, the series is great and when i heard that there was a game of this, i just had to get it. The price was a little steep but i thought it was worth it to play as a titan slaying badass, but however i was wrong. when i was playing through the training, the game ran smoother than butter and had no issues at all, but when i play the first mission i cant go more than 20 seconds without getting the dreaded ""game has crashed"" message that would pop up and i have tried every method to trying to fix it. everything from disabling the mic, lowering the resolution (which i dont mind playing on a lower resolution), and just about everything else you could think of and the game still wont run for very long. i have no doubt that this is a fun game and i want to play it, but i just cant get it to work for me. until they fix these issues i would not recommend this game."
76561198062399728,Not Recommended,449800,25241398,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kalamity,Huge AOT fan! Very disappointed that there is no mouse support and my logictech controller doesn't work.  The game is unplayable in its current state.  Please add mouse support or controller support!
,Recommended,449800,25465866,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hello World,good
,Recommended,449800,25419300,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Beane,"A great game overall, despite the numerous bugs and no mouse support (they will be fixed/added over time, I assume)."
,Recommended,449800,25373221,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Susan Kennedy,"This game is made by the same people which made Dynasty Warriors, so it has the same feel, slightly different mechanics, unlockables, good story that takes you in deeper than the anime at times and supposedly multiplayer which i have yet to try out.10/10 would fap over Levi again!"
,Not Recommended,449800,29986139,Posted: 17 February,all,Krosty Rules,"At first, it is really cool to live the AOT action by yourself. Yet, the game is really easy and repetitive, it kinda gets old very fast, getting to be mostly a Telltale-like game... It's mostly watching the anime"
76561198347380331,Recommended,449800,28048598,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sideman,Nice
,Recommended,449800,28053603,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Drunk Lord,IS OK
76561198287737193,Recommended,449800,25552203,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lord Boros,this game is riged i cant even play it can you tell me why
76561198038793663,Not Recommended,449800,29916686,Posted: 14 February,all,samuelblaize,"I'm hovering on recommend/not recommend on this, but at the end of the day I think I have to not recommend it. I got this on sale, and it's great fun, but it is way, way over priced. £50 for this game is daylight robbery. Consider it at £25 (even then I think it's too much), but otherwise I cannot say this game is worth it.That being said, I think the gameplay is a ton of fun. Remember Spider-Man 2? The swinging around the city, random side missions appearing? It's essentially that, but more bloody. The swinging around and the movement feels great, as does slicing down titans. Swinging around the battlefield, saving people, cutting down titans, it just works so well and is so much fun. It's like an anime badass simulator.Unfortunately, this gets repetitive very, very quickly. The game is, sadly, incredibly easy after you get the hang of the controls. It's disappointing, because I think this game could be far more fun with a bit more difficulty. There is almost no timing required in when you attack, and while some angles result in an attack not going through, this angle is very slim. So basically, latch on, target the neck, attack. Rinse and repeat over and over. You can target the arms/legs as well, but the only reason to do so is for extra materials. I'm going to repeat this because it's important, and sad: there is no gameplay incentive to target anywhere other than the neck. That sucks. It's pretty much as easy to hit the neck for the kill as it is to hit any other body part, though hitting those doesn't kill.If you enjoy the manga/anime, there's probably added incentive for you to play this game. I'm not a massive fan of the anime, so the story holds little interest to me, but if you did like it then this game is probably for you. There is, however, no English dub. I don't mind this so much, I think the Japanese voices are pretty damn good (except for some of the minor female characters, good lord are they terrible). Only problem is that mid fighting I can't understand what the characters are saying, and I can't really look at the subtitles since I am focusing.2 things if you do play this game: firstly you pretty much need a controller. There is no mouse control, if you have no controller you have to only use the keyboard, and it's...not very good. Get a controller. Secondly, if you are on a laptop and the game runs terribly, make sure it's using your graphics card, not your integrated card. There are guides online to show you how to do this better than I can explain here. If you do that, the game runs actually really well."
76561198294293780,Recommended,449800,29706727,Posted: 4 February,all,Creeps Da Fox,"I've recently had a change of heart of this game, aside from some of the cringy Anime to Game scenes that it had, the Major trditional chinese update, and the crappy DLCs, i like it"
76561198031966029,Recommended,449800,25597368,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,tommy_lop,"https://youtu.be/A1mJIxDxxAsGreetings everybody my name is Tommy the game master and welcome to my channel. While the reviews I do on this channel are definitely more towards the cheap and budget conscience. Why pay full price for a game that is new when there is an equally good game that can be found 20 dollars in the bargain bin. But that doesn’t occasionally mean I don’t go blow a wad on a new game, even if it’s just out of curiosity. I like the Attack on Titan anime that was on Adult Swims Toonami a few years ago, and when I heard there was a decent video game version of it decided to pick it up on steam. If I actually saw that it came out on the Xbox one I would have probably bought the console version…but considering that there aren’t many anime games on the Xbox one it’s not surprising that I would assume that. I already told you in my preview the problem with the steam version. It runs on window 7, unless you got a supped up video card you have to turn off all effects to get even a halfway stable frame rate. But outside of those problems is this game any good. Actually yeah it is but 60 dollars maybe a little too expensive to buy this game. Let’s jet pack into this game and find out moreStory.The game follows the plot of the anime. So what is the story well Attack on Titan is set in a fictional universe where giant creatures called titans just appeared one day and just started eating humanity. Almost defenseless against these creatures which can only be killed by striking the back of their necks with a sword, humanity retreats behind 3 walls. And for the last 100 years the walls have held, until one day a giant titan appears at the door and decides to break down the first wall, wall Maria. This causes humans to lose 1/3 of their remaining land but also leads to Aren Yagers family being caught and eaten by the Titans. Wanting revenge for the loss of his family Aren vows to kill every last Titan. And several years later during his first battle with them he gets caught and eaten. However rather than becoming Titan poop like everyone else Aran finds out he has an ability that he didn’t know about, the ability to transform into a giant and really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off titan. So is Aaron’s humanity only hopes or is he there downfall. Yeah the anime never finishes answering these questions but there is ongoing manga and the game even goes further than the anime going introducing us to the beast titan and a few of the events that happen at the end of the anime. But it does so in the most BS way possible but more on that later.GameplayAlright so nitpicks about the games frame rate on my rig aside the game is incredibly fun. It’s an action game and following the series the game characters use something called ODM gear to jet pack around and anchor into titans so they can hit that sweet spot on the back to the neck that will permentaley put down a titan. To say the game feels like Spiderman is an understatement. Has you have to zip back and forth using ODM gear. The controls take a bit to get use to but once you get the hang of them zipping around and fighting Titans is easy. So how are these behemoths fought.Well the only way to kill one is to destroy the back of the neck. However the arms and legs can also be attacked for extra materials and points, it also keeps them from moving around and defending that nape area. Attacking has you locking onto one and then firing your hooks like you would at a building. Then your character will dash towards it, pressing Y at the right time will cause you to strike that area for damage. It’s fun and kind of rewarding. In the end while killing these things can be a bit repetitive it is a lot of fun. Again like I said in my early preview the game has you having to new side missions in order to refill gas and blades. It’s necessary to take on a few of these to have at least one refill but playing the game on it’s default difficult I never needed more then or two refills of either one to finish a mission.Which does bring me to the bad points about this game. It’s  really, really easy. Yeah you know in the anime when the titans stroll into a town and everybody in the town start a marathon race away from this has fast as they can because the people who come in last get eaten. You don’t get the feel in this game, very rarely will a titan kill you especially again on the default easy mode. You get warnings when one is about to grab you, and you just press Y when one does to escape. And while later missions will have you going back into the outdoor areas riding a horse and not being able to use your ODM at will killing titans is still way to easy to make these guys a threat. The bigger they are just means the more fuel you will have to use to cut them down. There are a few Aren in Titan form fights but again these are really easy.The worst part about the game comes with the bonus not in the anime story missions that take place after the game. You see in order to unlock these you have to do these filler recon missions, which is basically wait for a certain Titan to appear and kill it. Yeah you can kill other titans for more resources and experience but to complete the missions just find that one titan and finish them off. After you complete about a dozen of these and waste a good hour then you get to go into a story battle. This sucks.Now don’t get me wrong having extra content that doesn’t go around a main story line is a good thing, especially when you throw in a harder mode for online co-op play. Having extra story missions that continue the story beyond the anime into other parts of the manga is a good thing. Hiding the extra story missions behind completing 80% of the bull crap extra content just to pad the game IS NOT.One last thing before I go. Yes there is an RPG like system in this game where you level up. Leveling up the characters gives them new abilities, leveling up your core allows you to purchase better swords and jet packs. And of course items obtain from killing titans. It sounds like more than it is. Simply put just make sure you talk to the nice man that handles your upgrades every once in a while so your stats are high enough to kill the next wave of titans and you will be fine.GraphicsI don’t feel like I should really detail my views on the graphics, knowing I didn’t experience them the way the developers attended. But that said what I did saw while not great, wasn’t bad. The character’s in the cut scene still are expressive and they did a good job of making it look like the anime. And while the frame rate for me was not 60 frames. It was far from being terrible. I did have times where I did lose my character from the camera too but that didn’t happen to often considering the amount of action in this game.Sound.Yeah we have Japanese voice actors so the hard core Otaku’s can rejoice. Unfortunately for us mere fans but non otaku out there I kind of miss having English vocals; it’s hard for me to connect to a character when there speaking another language. The music still pretty good.Final Recommendation.Attack on Titan has some fun if repetitive gameplay. It has a decent online co-op play that I tried out for a little while and enjoyed. But the way it tries to pad itself out towards the end to the point of being plain tedious kind of ruins it for me. While I do recommend playing this game, I say wait for a price cut of at least 20 dollars before purchasing. At 30 to 40 dollars if you’re an attack on titan fan would be worth a pick up but I don’t know about 60."
,Recommended,449800,25264024,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,skull,WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW
12648163815332846,Recommended,449800,25192243,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nick The Muffin,Sorry for long its a good game but keyboard controls r a little sucky its good doe
76561198089985677,Recommended,449800,25311633,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Avalon,This is just the right game for me.
,Not Recommended,449800,25297901,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nevan Nedall,"Controller support seems to be non-existant for me. Using an Xbox One controller, I could get no response in game what so ever. Keyboard controls are a mess, so there really seems to be no reason to play this on PC in the first place. The game also requires me to play in Windows 7 compatibility mode. Why is this even a thing for a game releasing the year after Windows 10 has released?"
76561198004121262,Recommended,449800,25187388,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Grim,Yes!
76561198098906752,Recommended,449800,25300740,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MummifiedBaboon,I love this game and that says someone who is playing it on the keyboard. Git gud
76561198052286430,Recommended,449800,25199355,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rylee,I dont even watch the anime and I bought this game just because of how awesome it looked and it did not disappoint (10/10)Controls are annoying but you get used to it after the tutorial
,Recommended,449800,27197561,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ezcunny.,nice
76561198056466936,Recommended,449800,25182456,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Neutronix⁴⁴,"9.5/10The reason I deducted half a point points follows:-This game doesn't have the original OST from the anime...I think it's because the rights are locked up in AoT: Humanity in Chains on the 3DS.Another thing to note is that this game does havespoilers into the second seasonof AoT. I've read the manga so it wasn't a suprise to me, but to people that have only watched the anime be warned!"
,Not Recommended,449800,30179221,Posted: 25 February,all,tjreichert,"I like the game and i would say its good. BUT i cant play it. Everytime i play after a time there is an error which says ""no valid audio devices found"" and then it crashes. I have already tried several ways to fix but i didnt work and the best thing I have already played my 2 hours,,,,,,,"
76561198201417394,Recommended,449800,25229368,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,z14,this game soooo goodbut my pc spec soo badstill i can play it with some fps drop
76561198280019767,Recommended,449800,30091772,Posted: 21 February,all,Ciri,Tis a Gud game
76561197975722686,Recommended,449800,25223002,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[PaL]Abood A.Malik,Worth every single penny i paid C:<
,Recommended,449800,25487356,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,fawkie,They fixed it so the xbox controller works now.
76561198050858949,Recommended,449800,31993300,Posted: 27 May,all,楊穎豪,It's spiderman 3 the video game
76561197992159656,Recommended,449800,28653827,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,slizzajuancho,"If you're looking for a gaming experience that's fun, true to the source and with high replay value this is the game for you. The missions can be quite repetitive but it certainly can be looked over. Killing titans and making you feel like a bad a$$ is the true appeal of this game. Sharpen your blades and prepare for battle cadet!"
,Not Recommended,449800,32744335,Posted: 24 June,all,Duke Of Fuzzington,"No Mouse support and very, very crash happy.Loved this game on console... possibly the worst pc port I have personally played in a few years."
,Recommended,449800,28556243,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MrPaper,I have not had this much genuine fun while playing a game in a long time. I imagine that it will begin to get repetitive but I am enjoying it while it lasts.
,Not Recommended,449800,25192064,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Commander Hentai,"After sausage era of harsh toasting goats the time has come for a new duck to be challanged (mentaly.)Upon entering the huge forest a duck wander among the sheep of doofus sitting along side the river coast line while AAA emplacements are guarding the doggo yup that's the intro (Piece of duck poo)But now to the exciting part of the story. After the gooze laid the eggs in a toaster a huge critter boss battle thingy appears it's pretty anoying jsut trash and the duck.AI couldn't do a goat about it, So after [Try Hard] mode my way trough it, It all started to make sense I was playing the wrong bloody game. I was supposed to play ""Hobo Toaster Lost In Space"" but no because of false advertising I ended up in this garbadge dump.  ""Cough cough"" welp darn it doggo I'm wandering off ain't I. xDSo after completing the first chapter arc of episode 1 .. well that game just rips you a new dog hole for your cat to bark at that's how bad it is. But that's why we have mods! like pepsi swords and big huge can of pepsi ..If it ever gets added mod*Yeah this sucks there's nothing to do everything doesn't add up and they'll just die if you don't feed the cat good thing they added the king tiger for added ground pounding if that wasn't OP enough.Screw this dying meme and go play something else on your toaster."
76561198072339585,Recommended,449800,26116086,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Curt,I love this game to death but after the recent update my some buttons on my controller won't work.  does anyone know a fix?
,Recommended,449800,26081818,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rynret,"If you wanna feel like an anime badass, this is the way to do it!"
76561198121881645,Recommended,449800,27051220,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chumpy Wumpy,"Overall this game is a very fun game. My framerate usually doesn't go past 20fps during the game, but it is still very enjoyable; even though the framerate did cause problems with the cutscenes. i wouldn't suggest buying this game at full price unless you have a top of the line computer, but if there is a sale, i recommend you go for it. The game follows the original sourse material better than most ""show into game"" games, and it is a lot more dynamic in terms of gameplay.Overall i rate about a 7/10, because of performance issues.P.S. since someone asked, yes i am playing on a laptop, so that may be affecting my fps."
76561198118041724,Recommended,449800,25172789,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nandy_89,"This game is way too much fun, if you're a fan of the Anime then this is definitely a must buy. haven't had any problems with it. no fps drops or crashes, just butter smooth titan neck slashing at 60 fps.It's best when played with controller.The game is in Japanese with English subtitles, I haven't found a way to change the language setting, so there is that. It's not really a big issue, you're just gonna have to do some reading."
,Recommended,449800,31451402,Posted: 29 April,all,Elogence,This game is awesome! A must buy 10/10 rating from a PC user and a friend of mine who loves action games with gore.
76561198251757806,Not Recommended,449800,25159059,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,td,Controls are wacky asf. No mouse support to look around... On a pc..? Hello? With a controller the keymaps are inputting incorrectly + no D pad camera rotation. Do not recommend in its current state.
,Not Recommended,449800,25172784,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"PC Specs:Intel G4250 3.2 GhzAMD 78508 GBIt seems ok to play but not worth its current price for the amount of issues even with me using a controller. Logitech F310 right analog is not working at all, Itried the Xinput but it still does not see it and I am already near 2 hours before i am officially done with this game until a patch comes out.Refunded. tried different methods on controller but I am still not able to use it. I may just be doing it wrong but i already spent the whole refund period trying to make it work."
76561197970821535,Not Recommended,449800,25159218,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,minzky,"This is by no means a bad game, i have it on PS4 and enjoy it very much but the controls for keyboard and mouse (there isn't mouse support) are bad and even then the gamepad isn't much better"
76561198009436479,Not Recommended,449800,25160101,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,koed10,"If I can sit down and think of a better control scheme for keyboard and mouse, that is better than the current one, within 2 mins. then the develepor is quite simply lazy. The butttons when using a controller is shown incorrectly (says ""press X"" but wants you to press ""A"") and you cannot use the right stick to control the camera which is quite simply BS. The game also tells youy to use the right stick to move the target on the titan, but this does not even work. I have tried every single button and nothing happens. The game is in no way recommendable with the current controls and wrong buttons.Something positive is that the game runs smootly and looke good, but the controls makes it unplayable for anyone who does not want to sit down and basically learn how to stear a submarine blindfolded."
76561198069731110,Not Recommended,449800,25446607,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Jimmy Lee,"I played through the whole game just so I can write this review. This game is crap; a glorified hack n slash. The way you play is each titan has five latch points, on the knees and elbows, and one on the back of the neck. They claim they do it this way because it was originally for the playstation and using a controller with the tribute game's mechanics wouldn't work. That is just a lie, a controller would do just fine. The REAL reason they do it this way is because it's easier to do which means it's cheaper to do. They are selling a very cheaply made game for 60 bucks and that is just criminal. The fighting is boring, easy, and repetitive and does nothing to capture the things that made AOT so great. Killing a titan just doesn't satisfy in the least.The crafting system is just awful. When taking down a titan, often one or two of the latch points will show... idk, some kind of rock image? Well that means that taking out that spot gets you some materials. Most of which you never even use. but you use those material to upgrade you wepons, sheath, and omni-mobility gear. You can't choose how it upgrades, each equipment just goes up by a level. Ohh, and you can use previous equipment to upgrade your gear... which is completely useless. In the game your only going to buy one or two new peices of equipment and it only upgrades it a tiny bit, which you don't even need cuz the game is just that easy.The game does increase in difficulty as it progresses, and by difficulty, I mean that when you start, each latch point takes one hit to destroy, later in the game, it takes two to three hits to destroy. There of course is an increased number of titans later in the game but even on the hardest difficulty you just run through and slaughter them like pigs in a slaughter house. That just ruins the feeling of hoplessness and despair that the anime/manga did so well to capture. As a die-hard fan of the series, that is a blasphemy that should not go unpunished!There is one good part of the game, and that is the story. But wait, it's the exact same story as AOT! While I would normally say this is a good thing, since the game itself is so bad, it just ruins the story. Save yourself some time and money and just watch the anime again.In conclusion, this is a very cheaply made game whos only purpose is to siphon money from the fans of Attack on Titan. I mean, 60 bucks?! Seriously?!?! For this peice of trash?!?!?! Don't buy this game! Don't get suckered into buying games from companies who only care about money and care nothing about creating something great! A great series like AOT all start off as one person's vision. Some writer or artist comes up with a great idea that they just want to share with the world. Once that idea becomes popular, corporations just exploit it for a profit. Think of the anonymous individual who is now watching their vision being twisted into a corporate scam!F*** YOU KONAMI!"
,Not Recommended,449800,28804502,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheGrizzlyWizard,"The game looks absolutely amazing! However, I will not play this game again due to lack of mouse support, awkward as can be keyboard controls, and disjointed movement between up, down, left, and right. I could not reconfigure any of the keys for easier control for the life of me. Amazing graphics, horrible controls."
76561198145466112,Not Recommended,449800,25449176,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Bulat,There is no mouse controle and the game will show you the controles with a controlerig you are useing a controler then i recomend this game.
76561198047898965,Not Recommended,449800,28804176,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Osbone,Not all the buttons are read by the game on a standard xbox one controller.  Refunded.  The fact that it says full controller support is a flat out lie.
,Recommended,449800,29862593,Posted: 11 February,all,2Dm3dic,"Amazing game, get it."
76561197967155625,Not Recommended,449800,25256111,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mauls,"Couldn't use either of my two controllers, none of the emulators would work either. Apparently the only controllers you can use are XBox controllers and that's if you get lucky. Tired of these lazy ports and I refuse to spend a few hours to get controls working correctly for something that should have been hashed out long before PC  release."
76561198047504592,Recommended,449800,26513404,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ColicMite,"Not playable without a ctonroller, but if you have one its a very fun game. If you are a fan of the show then I dare say it might be an essential buy for you."
76561198010604176,Recommended,449800,26290568,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Skullpel,Really cool game! Certainly worth buying it! Big RECOMMEND! F***K Capcom!
,Recommended,449800,26988899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NiKo,insane. chopping necks of titans. real good fun.
,Recommended,449800,26590383,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dikkun,"Much better than I thought.It may get kind of repetitive, as it still is a musou game, but it's a damn fun one and packed with a lot of adrenaline."
76561198292163462,Recommended,449800,28607455,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Guipma,It´s lagging evbery time and I have:-i7 6700 3.40GHz-GTX 1060-8GB RAM-Windows 10Does anyone know how to solve this problem?
,Not Recommended,449800,28121829,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Fin Wool,"on play to start the game, the game doesnt want to start, steam show that it's starting with green light letter then the game automatically close without even starting. better play imouto paradise"
,Recommended,449800,25473532,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"As many of you know, I joined a college gym due to the hot poon there. From my six years of higher education (four years of undergrad and two years getting my masters), I came to realize there is nothing quite like porking college broads.On late Saturday afternoon, I strolled into the fitness complex wearing a fur coat with ""DOCTOR SWOLE"" embroidered on the back (My gym buddies nicknamed me Doctor Swole back in '03) over my shorts and wife beater, toothpick in my mouth. Taking off my aviators, I look over to the squat rack, and I don't like what I see. A frat boy. I already know he's not squatting.""Curls"" I said to myself, muscles flaring as I walk over to the rack. Frat boy is in mid set, groaning with each curl, 10 lb plates on each side. 65 lbs?!?!? You're curling 65 lbs in the squat rack? Joe Gold would be turning in his grave.While frat boy is getting his 4th or 5th rep done, I take off the 10 lb plate, and walk over to the other side and do the same.Frat boy: &lt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off> Hey man, what the f**k was that?Me: This is the squat rack, *NSYNC. You wanna curl, get your chicken chest on one of those swiss balls and pick up the plastic dumbbells, Sally.Frat boy: Who the f**k do you think you are? Are you even a student here?Me: <taking off my fur coat and resting it on the leg press> Alright, Timberlake. You had your chance. I tried to be a nice guy and I'm going to tell you one more time. No curling in the squat rack. Now get out of here before we have a problem.Frat boy: Man, f**k this.<Frat boy leaves the area. I load up the plates with 5 45 lb plates each side and rep it for 15. (I decided to take it easy, didnt get enough sleep last night.) Some cardio bunnies come over and start to make small talk.)Cardio bunny 1: We thought that was really brave how you stood up to that guy. He thinks he owns this gym and he always makes rude comments to us!Me: <still wearing my aviators - I rarely take them off> Just doing my job ladies. I'd love to chat, but as you can see, my quads need to be punished.Cardio bunny 2: <biting her lower lip> Well, if you feel like it when you are done come over to Harrison Hall. Room 418.Me: <agitated> Look hunny, I'm a busy man. I'll see what I can do. Get away from me.I finish up my workout, put my fur coat back on and head over to Harrison Hall, Room 418.CB2: Glad you could come.Me: <stripping down> Yeah well, I need to shower up.CB2: <Staring at my body, mouth open> Can I come with you? Please? Meet us in the third shower from the left in 5 minutes.Me: <grinning> Us? If you say so <CH2 runs away from her computer and into the hallway. I check her away message>""OmG HoTTeST GuY eVeR on HaRRiSoN 4Th FLooR BeST aBs eVa aNd HuGe BiCePTs!!!!!1111""I head down to the showers, wearing only a towel and my aviators. Girls I passed in the halls stared, but I just bicep flared by them. Opening the shower curtain, I found the three cardio bunnies already soaping themselves down.CB3: You're late.Me: Well Doctor Swole is here now girls.<The three cardio bunnies proceed to soap me down, and kiss me all over. When all said and done, I blew my load all over one of their♥♥♥♥♥♥ I step out of the shower and walk back to room 418. I glanced at the clock. 6:45?!?! I had to meet a client at 8 for dinner, and would have to speed to my condo, get dressed, and drive straight to the restaurant to make it in time. I threw on my fur coat and grabbed my gym clothes in hand (no time to get dressed) and start jogging down to my car. About 20 Harrison Hall hotties followed.Hottie4: Doctor Swole, where are you going?Me: <running to my BMW in only my fur coat> Gotta go baby, the doctor is a busy man.The Harrison crowd, about two dozen strong, continued to chase me to my car, screaming and crying. I felt like one of the Beatles. I climb into my BMW and peel away.Hottie5: <crying> DOCTOR SWOLE DONT GO!!!I decide to give the girls a thrill, and throw my gym clothes out my sunroof. They scream and come running to the pile. Two girls were having a tug of war with my beater, while I saw another on her knees, sniffing my sweaty boxer briefs.I lit up a cigar. ""Doctor Swole, you've done it again,"" I thought to myself, a small smile crossing my face as my car sped east on I-276-Dr.Swole"
,Recommended,449800,25341011,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[K]entucky 🍗,YUP
,Recommended,449800,28968212,Posted: 2 January,all,Gasai Yuno ♥,60FPS Lock. ehh. its whatever. But i love the game and the anime.10/10Just have a beefy PC to run it.
,Not Recommended,449800,28691446,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[CTS]ElPadro,Needs to use Windows 7 compatibility mode to run on Windows 10.Keeps crashing near the end of the first real mission - does only save game at the start of a mission - played the mission 3 times from the start - crashed every time - requested refund.
,Not Recommended,449800,29955077,Posted: 15 February,all,Dermin,Nel
,Not Recommended,449800,30048966,Posted: 19 February,all,Gordon Ramsay,"Attack on Titan is, and always will be, one of my most favorite animes of all time. Evene though I haven't read much of the manga I have seen all of the anime. So anyways enough about me, what about this game? Well if you've seen all of the anime and read all of the manga, then you're gonna know what happens in this game. But it's the fact that you get to play as the characters in the anime and use your omni-directional gear to take down the towering titans is what makes this game pretty kickass. The controls are very responsive and easy to remember, though the keyboard controls SUCK the gamepad controls are better by a longshot. But the camera....the camera. This is what ruined the game for me since you're flying around these usually tight spaces, the camera usually gets stuck inside buildings or even when you're taking on more than one titan in these spaces. And the camera isn't the only thing I can complain about. The multiplayer is absolutely DEAD and broken it's technically not even there, the game has pretty much no replay value, and it's at a full tripple A price of $60. Now if it were a lower price such as $25 or $30 I would recommend it a little more. But I'm not saying I hate this game. The story is the same as the anime and manga and the voices are thankfully english subbed and not the god awful english dub and hell they even use the original voice actors. And if you're afraid about not being able to play as your favorite characters like Mikasa or Eren, then you can stop worrying since you get to play as everyone...including Levi. But anyways, this game would be a lot better if the camera wasn't absolute crap and if the boss fights were more dynamic and not able to be beaten by an infant! I was expecting a tough and challenging boss fight against the female titan and the colossal titan but no. I won't spoil their boss fights but they're so lame and easy. And there are some DLCs but most of them are just crappy costumes and weapons that remind you that you're playing a Japanese game. And even though I haven't bought the episodes 1-3 DLCs, they just reuse maps from the base game but add in a couple drops of story which, in my opinion, isn't worth it. And trust me, they reuse maps...ALOT. A bit of a disappointment but you can still have a lot of fun with it for a couple hours."
,Recommended,449800,28800459,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rose-a-pod,"Concept's great but controls for keyboard are way too confusing , i'll have to buy a steam controller just to play it... :("
,Recommended,449800,25226613,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,NSwift,This game is great...ignore any bad reviews and buy while its on sale.
76561198333123984,Recommended,449800,31298423,Posted: 22 April,all,Denvious 001,Can someone please tell me if you can play chapter 1 without any dlc's
76561198061615169,Recommended,449800,27167506,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hobart,Time to killing!! One of the best animation game
76561198148045818,Recommended,449800,25404986,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,theomatt4,"Help, AOT keeps crashing! what do i do?"
,Recommended,449800,25233070,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Puuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu,"-Playing with controller and no issue at all.-No crash-battle is fun-waifu, waifu and waifu-Too bad 2560x1440 resolution is not available but whatever10/10"
76561198048159832,Recommended,449800,25168925,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cuppy,"3 hours in and this game is fantastic! the gameplay is smooth and VERY refreshing. If you are an attack on titan fan, with an xobox controller, this game will not disapoint you. it feels just like the anime, follows the story of the anime very well so far, and really hiuts the spot if you are craving more attack on titan.I don't know how it is to play with a mouse and keyboard as i have no interest in that, but games like this don't need the mouse and keyboard anyway, they will always play better with a controller."
,Recommended,449800,25255909,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,UselessVempt,"This doesn't work with a keyboard.Other than that, 10/10"
76561198271945855,Not Recommended,449800,26326611,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Splat Tim,crash happy
,Not Recommended,449800,25295749,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Viridi,"The PC controls are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ They tell you the console controls even though you bought it for PC. even if you do figure out the controls, they dont let you use your mouse."
76561198115978277,Not Recommended,449800,25241566,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jaydubbbb,"This game has a lot of pros and cons. First off this game is very fast and true to the anime it's based off of in the gameplay department and the story will take you through all of the anime's first season and it has solid combat. However the cons weigh this game down significantly if you hate repetetive gameplay then this game is not for you because the missions usually just involve going from point A to point B killing every titan you see with a boss titan at the end. Also I never tried the multiplayer coop I heard there is a glitch that causes crashing if someone uses a mic. to talk in game. Also this game only uses a keyboard and discludes the mouse so the rotating camera is mapped to keys. I recommend using a controller/gamepad for this game as it was clearly designed around that, however the xbox 360 gamepad I was using had several issues regarding default controls as the game made the X and Y buttons equivalent to the A and B buttons for the menus and this cannot be changed even if you change the button mapping in game. Also since the game uses keys on the keyboard for the rotating camera the right analog stick on my controller just doesn't work as you can't map the analog stick to the camera and I highly doubt this will be patched since the games original japanese release was in February. Overall this game has a solid foundation but the port is just awful."
,Not Recommended,449800,25198222,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Vildhjarta,"This is a fun game (When it works) Multiplayer is not possible. The game crashes about 5 mins into the lobby. It also crashes during single player, It didn't crash for a long time, but when it did, It lost about 2 hours worth of gameplay. That is pretty substantial considering there is no way to save because it autosaves. I was very impressed with the game because it is very nice how the mobility feels and whatnot, but I don't recommend this game right now with the multiplayer broke, and the single player crashing. Not a bad game by any means, but for $50 I expected it to work at least much better on the single player."
,Not Recommended,449800,28087300,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SpeedVibe,VERY BAD GAME!IT CRASHES AFTER THE TUTORIAL
,Recommended,449800,25265182,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Co-ck-a-too,KAAPOOWW POOW POW POW.
,Recommended,449800,28597394,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HikaruKuchiki93,repetitive but very fun!
,Not Recommended,449800,28086154,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Okami,"Its a terrible console port with NO proper keyboard support, just controller. An obseene amount of screen tearing out the with no Vsync option. other than that it runs fine. Gameplay wise its boring and very very very automated personaly I think the wbbrowser unity game fan project is better than this game play wise.If you're a weeb you'll buy it and praise it no matter what.If you are not a weeb you will be turned of by its glaring flaws."
,Recommended,449800,25305914,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Numi,great
76561198307655017,Not Recommended,449800,25220947,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,egjekaj1,"Right after creating a new save, getting past the few beginning options whether or not I want to play on easy difficulty and if I want blood and gore in the game, the game goes into a black screen, freezes the entire window, and doesn't load up the game.  This may just be a personal issue with my computer, however I've never encountered an issue with any other Steam games.  Additionally I've tried every possible fix, and since there doesn't seem to be enough available information on my issue, I even have a more difficult time trying to fix it.  Anyways, after this bad experience, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone, solely because this game should be compatible with every windows computer if it's being sold for 50$."
76561198124131947,Recommended,449800,26191468,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[B4B]Emperor Bear,The best anime game I've ever played
76561198014133207,Not Recommended,449800,25198815,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Leon Lionheart,This game is controller supported?! Thats a lie. I tried a Official PS4 and Microsoft wireless pc 360 controller as well as the steam controller and all of them weren't recognized. I just can't get used to the keyboard controls and the mapping is all messed up. I don't believe I Should have to download a third party program for controllers. Thats just super lazy on their part.Looks like a great fun game. Would love to play it properly.I have a pretty good mid to high end PC running widows 7 Ultimate 64.I can run most games on Ultra and High graphics.Sorry don't like sharing specs unless with tech support.I'll just have to buy it on PS4 I guess.I can't recommend this game until they fix the controls.
,Recommended,449800,27190511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koky,ถ้าควบคุมชินแล้วจะสนุกมาก ฆ่า Titan มันเลยถึงหลังๆจะมี QUEST ให้ทำซ้ำซากไปหน่อย แต่รวมๆถือว่าดีเลย
,Recommended,449800,25208671,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TNT-GUY,good game
76561198171672461,Recommended,449800,28889757,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DUDE G4M3R,OMG This game is reaaalllllllllyyyy fum fuenm funb FUUUUUNNNNNNN aAah Stueopld AUTO carrot fun
,Recommended,449800,28657391,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,zomars,"Fun mechanics, that's all,"
76561198129384137,Recommended,449800,33421185,Posted: 9 July,all,Moonwalker,its a alright time. kinda boring.
,Recommended,449800,25727287,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,IMPOSSIBRUUU,Get to slay titans ♥♥♥♥ yea 10/10
76561198071402788,Recommended,449800,28524094,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,4seen,"Enjoyable, but wait for special."
,Not Recommended,449800,29863703,Posted: 11 February,all,Hoakh,"While I do like the anime and love this game, I am unable to actually play it. This game only supports the use of a Gamepad, and so unless a patch is released that would allow me to use a mouse and keyboard, I cannot give this game a good review. If you have a gamepad that can be easily used for most games on the PC, I'd recommend this game."
76561198095513777,Not Recommended,449800,32191185,Posted: 4 June,all,Watashi [私],"Mechanics are pretty bad, since I played the original AOT game on Unity, I'm used with the manuel targeting system.  I thought that the automatic target was cool and fast paced at first, but it sucks horribly, you randomly change targets, its annoying to change your target accurately and fast, and its angles are just horrible.  AI is horrible and difficulty is almost non-existent, One of the main story quests has you defending a city for 20 minutes, within the first 2 minutes I had defeated all the waves and AFKd the last 18 minutes of it.  Only thing I like about this game is probably graphics and the fact that its AOT, only played it because I was a big fan."
76561198042518335,Not Recommended,449800,27026689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BOT Zach,$60 ($35 when I bought it) game with no mouse controls. Backwards.
,Recommended,449800,26555370,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,JasmondL.,Team Levi
,Recommended,449800,26211411,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sane-sensei,One of the most epic games during this year.
76561197979399537,Not Recommended,449800,32668065,Posted: 22 June,all,Zeebob Bofrank,"I tried this out but quickly refunded it when I found that it doesn't use the mouse as a controller natively.  You can't, for instance, set LMB to attack.  You also have to control the camera with keys or buttons.  I don't care for controllers and this appears to be a console port of some kind that ignores the power of the keyboard/mouse combo."
,Recommended,449800,34658061,Posted: 1 September,all,弱點,spiderman for weebs
,Recommended,449800,30853668,Posted: 31 March,all,GetsugaGamer,"I Love Anime.I am a total nerd for it and Manga.My favorite Anime is Attack on Titan and so far nothing has topped it.This game is amazing.Pros:-Story-Art-game play-Side missions-Voices-different outfits for the characters-Crafting/upgradingCons:NothingI literally had nothing bad to say about this game.This game is pumping me up for the 2nd season of AOT 😎👊Totally worth the money, in my bookAll Anima nerds will love it ❤"
76561198067163452,Not Recommended,449800,32044651,Posted: 29 May,all,ABreeden14,"I found this game so, so disappointing. My refund request is currently pending.The Good:-If nothing else, you move around fast. It's what sold me on the game in the first place, and is the primary appeal.-Slicing through titans feels good. Thank God, since it's all you'll be doing, but it's nice to line things up right and watch them go down.-I'm a sucker for upgrade paths. They're far from fleshed out in this game, but at least they're there.The Bad:-The spider man mechanics suck. Counterpoint to my first positive. The number of times I shot out lines hoping to jump over the building I was coming in toward, only to find myself going face first into a wall, waiting to drop, redeploying, landing on top of the building, and trying to get momentum back to feel normal again...ugh. Those who remember the great Spider Man 2 will recall the fact that your character seemed to have weight, that the direction you were moving mattered. Well that's not the case here. It's fast, but it's not good.-Combat. One of the most one-dimensional combat mechanics I can think of. Get nearby, hit RB. Pick your limb, presumably whichever gives you materials, hit X. Strafe til you have an open shot, let go of the stick, hit Y. Over. And over. And over again.Fighting mobs means getting your lines snapped. You can't recover right away, you have to either hit the ground or boost. Titans will throw themselves off roofs inexplicably, and your line will snap on the edge of the roof because of a second's lost sight. These things are ropes, or cables or something, but they are apparently completely unable to bend.-Graphics - The character models are dull. The titan models are terrible. The world is minimal, at best. The animations, especially the titan animations, are a crime. Stuttering, teleporting, clipping, running into walls, skipping animations, it's a travesty. Also, your lines pretty much clip through titans by design.-The cutscenes - Doubtless, much of the interest in this game comes from the show. I watched the first episode of the show and couldn't deal with it - it's not for me. I find the story entertaining, but my god. So many random, forgettable characters shouting about so many meaningless things. So many characters giving up and deciding to die for no reason. Such big windows of opportunity passed up. Such awful dialogue. So much shouting. So much awkward ""FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT"" at inappropriate times. Broadly, I'd like to understand the story, but I simply cannot sit through these cutscenes.-Characters - I get that the show follows more than one character, but this game just screams the need for a central character. Instead, the story forcibly switches you between, like, 200 interchangeable clones with different haircuts (IS ARMIN A BOY???) and slightly different stats. These stats exist, but it basically just means you might need to swing more than once to get the kill with a weaker character. It's just a hassle to be making these meaningless changes. Give me a single generic character and a skill tree, I beg of you. Oh, and why are all upgrades shared across characters? It's necessary, due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dynamic, but it makes absolutely no sense.-Subtitles - I know that the show is Japanese (I think?), but I came into this assuming I was getting English. There's nothing to suggest otherwise til you're reading subtitles.-Price - The heart of all my complaints, this game simply has no business being full-price.In conclusion, there's a lot of unrealized potential here. This should be a $20 indie game. It looks and plays like a game from the early-mid 2000s, its mechanics are repetitive, and the dialogue/cut scenes are a step away from being war crimes. Play it if you have $60 to throw away, play it if you love the show, play it if you particularly dislike gigantic androgenous cannibals. Otherwise, play something else.EDIT: Played with an Xbox controller, which felt natural. Cannot fathom playing this game on mouse/keyboard, especially given lack of mouse support."
,Recommended,449800,25282837,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dandekku,"Apparently, Connie is a girl10/10 would shave again"
76561198273379771,Not Recommended,449800,25506163,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,AP.AlonePlayer CSGOGem.com,This game is nice but hard to play if without using joystick :(
76561198007723214,Not Recommended,449800,25341081,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,maximuskain,"Wireless Xbox One Controller does not fully work, maybe I'll buy it once repair patch is out."
,Recommended,449800,25291355,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jin Mo-Ri,"AJNKbkfjrdgnlfseadwlkq2eioh3r4tdgfklnsenwr34b5uhr6t9u90giåkdflämseaw3n4ioh598etyrg0då9pfjoeö5ml46p7jtihuynugtbfrkl 5e,4ältryåfoghjmrl5 its so gooooood"
,Not Recommended,449800,25241705,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Netronome,"The game itself is very fun to play, i enjoyed it tremendously, but after the story (which i finished in a day) there isnt much to do. The online feature is unavaible even after release. The game has basically no replay value. I believe the game should have been started at a later date when there was more than one season of the anime made. Thus making the game much longer. the game isnt worth the 49 dollars (sale) i bought it for. If you're looking to play this game wait for the price to drop.7/10"
76561198069005122,Recommended,449800,26435638,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Trickster,"i love this game it super fun sadly i have not tried the co-op yet cause i don,t have anyone to play it with"
76561198008336843,Not Recommended,449800,25218815,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Big Zam,A game of 50$ that doesn't recognize both Xbox 360 and One controller.Try to play with mouse a keyboard but the mouse is not supported by the game.After hours of trying everything people said on the forum i just gave up.This game is so broken you must be sure it work with your computer before buying it.Maybe their gonna make a update to help but i doubt that so until then i would wait or try to find out if you can run this game without everything going down.
76561198310574310,Not Recommended,449800,32863859,Posted: 27 June,all,G-yeezy,"do not but this game, i would like a refund"
,Not Recommended,449800,25257419,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jisoo,"Controller mapping is broken, and you need a lot of finger dexterity to play this game with keyboard so 0/10 till they fix it, seems like more on the poor side in the good/bad spectrum of console ports to pc. tsk tsk tsk"
,Recommended,449800,25271301,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tokitobashi,wena wea
,Recommended,449800,25164766,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SnowManBawb ❅☃❅,Incredibly fun game. Doesnt tell the story very well as far as I could tell in my first 2 hours. I refunded it cause I currently dont have the money to purchase it.Really great game would like to repurchase and finish it at a later date :DP.S. that guy who got the game for free and just linked his youtube. ye this to you t(^-^t)
,Not Recommended,449800,28265492,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,PEP,"just listen to me dont buy this game i'd rather buy Bad rats then this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i finished the whole story in 4 hours and there is no multiplay what so ever. JUSt use your money on games like GMOD, Arma 3 ECT"
76561198047738537,Not Recommended,449800,25249453,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Big boy baggy pants,"The controls on gamepad are just completely broken and horrible! For example,it says i can jump with A but for some reason it's actually the X button that allows me to do that,not to mention that START doesnt even pause the freaking game!!! It gives you the option to change the buttons but for some reason it doesn't work at all.This is such a shame cause i know this game is going to be fun but it doesn't even allow me to properly play it! I hope they fix the controller issue and if not i would not recommend buying this port."
,Not Recommended,449800,25200052,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Complete Trash,"This game is great but it has a few major issues, first playing with a keyboard is bad for this title,thats fine it has controller compatibilityplugged in my xbox 360 controller in my usb and boot upgame says press A to selectdoesnt work.turns out some of the butons are incorrectly inputed inside the game and bottun mapping in options will not fix this issuewtf how do you mess this up so badalso there is a ton of tearing during cutscenes and gameplay, I run a GTX 1070 and i7-6700k, there is no reason that should be happening,The controller button mapping is my biggest issue though, the tortorial is incredibly conufsing because it asks me to press Y but I have to press B in order for it to work. This is just one example. fix this pleaseI can Absolutly reccomend this game if this issue is fixed. Very fun gameplay"
76561198129736396,Recommended,449800,25773772,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,djmoorehead,"I absolutly LOVE this game, yet it runs so horribly on pc"
76561198168148290,Not Recommended,449800,28761246,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bcy7Ben,"erm me GERSH, Warning, if you dont have a kinda high end computer or are on a laptop, you cannot play ths game because it constantly crashes, the game its self is awesome, but the crashing suuuuuuuuuuux. BE WARNED, if you have anything over windows 7, the game has A higher chance of crashing.NOTE:I have a laptop that is new, has an I7 6700HQ, 8GB ram, NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 950m, and windows 10 yet it crashed with the lowest posible graphics and qualiy settings IN THE GAME!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,449800,25260489,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JukeRedlin,Stuttered on lowest settings. Controls weren't mapped properly.
,Not Recommended,449800,29876537,Posted: 12 February,all,RazorFlames,"I have no problems with my new pc, until now idk why but i can run Gta with 60fps and then i look at this game and im like this will be so easy to run. Plays with highest settings and gets 11fps, changes to low settings and gets 25. Can I ask why I am concerned with this."
,Recommended,449800,29844774,Posted: 11 February,all,RayPK,Nice game. But it haven't steam cloud.
,Recommended,449800,25293707,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Riot,AMAZING
76561198003231737,Recommended,449800,32969414,Posted: 28 June,all,Modsolar,เกมดี ใครที่ชอบ AOT เล่นเกมนี้ไม่ผิดหวังมีปันหานิดหน่อยตรงที่ ส่วนตัวใช้ 780Ti แล้วเอเล่อตอนเจอไททั่นแบบพิเศษ (ทุกครั้ง) คิดว่าเป็นที่กาดจอ เพราะหลังจากเอากาดจอ 780Ti ไปเครม ได้ไปซื้อ 1050Ti มาใช้ เล่นได้ไม่มีปันหาอะไร
76561197992288447,Recommended,449800,25192145,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,One-Man Cheeseburger Apocalypse,Needs more dlc!
,Not Recommended,449800,30002256,Posted: 17 February,all,JerechoNC,"Its pretty good. it tells the AOT story pretty well, but overall its just way too easy. I played through the campaign on hard and never failed once, and getting ""S"" ratings is far too easy.for the casual gamer with little gaming experience, this would be a great game. If youre looking for a challenging game as a regular or a ""daily gamer"", this isnt it."
76561198000900149,Not Recommended,449800,25169829,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Railgun5,"It looks like a fun game.  Too bad the controls are completely broken.  No mouse camera control on the keyboard, and it took me about 5 minutes to find what the game considers to be the ""Start"" button while in-game once I realized the KB+M controls were terrible (it's F1 if you're curious).  Controller is somehow worse, as the key bindings in the menu are bound to different buttons than the ones on the actual controller.  Jumping is called ""A"", but is actually the ""X"" button (and shooting cables is supposed to be ""X"" and bound to ""A"").  I'm not even sure what it calls the ""Start"" button on the controller, because I pressed every single one and the menu was never brought up.  Similarly, the prompt to switch targets is the Right thumbstick, which doesn't work.  So it's impossible to actually progress past the tutorial because of how broken these controls are."
,Recommended,449800,29195553,Posted: 11 January,all,H3LL0Y3LL0W,It's an AMAZING game! The graphics and story line do not disapoint at all.
76561198010896374,Not Recommended,449800,31798143,Posted: 16 May,all,Daytruin,"I'm sure it is a cool game, i love the idea and the art and gameplay looks pretty sweet. no pc mouse and keyboard support= game hell. Refunded as soon as i realized i could do nothing. i'll buy the game maybe when it comes down in price and i can use the difference to buy a controller. Shame to developers that don't add keyboard and mouse support. PC ports omg why you do this?!!! so mad. If you have a controller then getting this game will be fun. if you impulse purchased the game looking for fun on pc and have no controller you will salt yourself to sleep.Great game = yes i'm surecontrols = unplayable (standard keyboard and mouse)controls controller= i don't know i don't own one currently.just wait for it to come down in price and get a controller.no controller = hell."
,Recommended,449800,29554349,Posted: 28 January,all,SoLonely,This game is the best anime game i've played yet controlls not to bad and gameplay i just could'nt get enough of i just wish i had friends that has this game rip
,Not Recommended,449800,25192167,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CrackedGhostGames,I don't know what's wrong with my computer or if it's just the game but everyone else is getting 60fps and I'm literally getting 8...
76561198059796536,Not Recommended,449800,29108736,Posted: 7 January,all,Minia the Nine Tailed Fox,No PS controller support. Terrible controls for keyboard/mouse. Game optimization is horrid. Crashed 3 times in the space of 5 minutes. I don't think there is any hope for humanity in the universe of AoT: WoF.
,Recommended,449800,26702140,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SubExoticShadow,Good game
76561198072675393,Not Recommended,449800,25197442,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Seto Kaiba,"Controller support is currently broken, with buttons being flipped for most people.Not worth buying currently."
,Not Recommended,449800,25213558,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SpicyG,"I have 30 minutes on this game, and every second was trouble shooting a different problem that I had with it. They were all issues it seems like a lot of people are having. The PC controls are impossible, controllers don't work half the time. Just another bad PC port."
76561198184858579,Not Recommended,449800,25194657,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bad Weather Gamer,Does it keep crashing for anyone? Because I can't get past the first titan without it crashing
,Not Recommended,449800,32034518,Posted: 28 May,all,ReskOr ~.~,"Not even getting 30 seconds into the game, it instantly crashes. After I do the tutorial and go to the barracks, it just takes a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥on me and dies,-10/10 Would never kill again."
76561198374946501,Recommended,449800,33755975,Posted: 23 July,all,brooketimmons94,"this is such a rip off. When i load into the game, a black screen shows for about 5 minutes then it will lag HORRIBLY! This almost broke my computer! It crashed my game and my computer and the game pad i bought mad the controlls outta wack, like the A button was the B button. Like WTF??? I want a refund! If they can fix this problem ill give a 5 star rating but for now its a 1"
76561198061400723,Not Recommended,449800,25196254,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Brandon,"Great game, but can't recommend it because multiplayer crashes and I only bought this game for the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,449800,25323924,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Anorexic Panda,"First review I have ever wrote and I felt it was warrented by how horrible this game was developed. I bought the game expecting a game worth $60 but what I recieved in return was a horribly tested and optimized product. The biggest issue was the fact that it IS NOT fully controller supported (A and B button aren't configured correctly and instead are mapped as X and Y, and you can't change it) (Also RT and LT are switched with your start and select button). Furthermore, the keyboard controls are so disgustingly created and you can do little to fix how horrible they are. I have bout No Man Sky and all the comments that say this is a good game to spend your No Man Sky refund are incorrect. This game is far worse."
76561198143514914,Not Recommended,449800,25256771,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Exodiar,"I thought it would be a masterpiece ; the definitive game of attack on titan , but it isn't true :the animations , 3d models and the story are perfect , but it lags continually with monstous drop of FPS and there are many crash .I think it should not happen in a pc with :- CPU : intel i7 quad core 3,3 ghz-RAM : 16 gb- GPU : 2gb Nvidia 840m ;or with-CPU : intel i7 esacore 3.8 ghz-RAM : 24 gb-GPU : Amd radeon rx480 8gbplease fix it !!!"
,Not Recommended,449800,25171323,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Satan,"Controls are all messed up. My controller wouldnt even hook up to this game, but works for every other game, and when i tried to reconfig the controls (Which is only keyboard, no mouse movement) the game crashed. small fixes need to be made"
,Recommended,449800,25276840,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TwitchyTigs,Kicked a titan several blocks away.10/10 best new olympic sport.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04Jkoa8nXT0
,Not Recommended,449800,25233322,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Voltex,Would only recommend if you happen to have 4 hands.
76561198035039117,Not Recommended,449800,25201195,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ophe,xbox 360 joystick will keep you rotate the camera until the world end.
,Not Recommended,449800,25340762,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ศักรินทร์,Everything is good except one is you can't play as Annie.I got this game to play as Annie.But.....Nooooooooooooooooo
,Not Recommended,449800,25190663,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"This game is beyond broken. I haven't seen a big PC title mess up this bad since Arkham Knight. Did everything I could to make it work, just requested a refund. Not worth paying $50 for something that won't even let you progress past the tutorial."
,Recommended,449800,25178099,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MrDerfla,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198245767606,Not Recommended,449800,25271291,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kirarin Attack,"I don't even know what I want to rate this game right now. The game won't even open! It's downloaded onto my PC and i've read guides on how to stop it from crashing and it still won't open.Everytime I click the game's icon on my desktop it keeps spamming the steam icon saying ""Preparing to Launch AOT: Attack on titan - Wings of Freedom."" and when it DOES go away, nothing happens. I've disabled my anti-virus to see if that'd help but it still didn't do anything. Any tips?"
,Recommended,449800,34343077,Posted: 18 August,all,Angry Marine is Angry,"Christa needs a better looking♥♥♥♥♥♥ And if you do not give her oneI will get gay guys to shove you with expanding foam filled♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥which explode all of your internal arteries.I will dress you as a lettuce and feed you to the snails.I will get my first period teacher to go and bore the crap out of you until your ears bleed and make you listen to every horrible song ever made until finally your head pops if you don't shut up. If that doesn't work (or does but then doesn't kill you, yet) then I will get every single fan of every famous pop artist and tell them you made a threat and an actual plan to assassinate their idol and make them chase you until you break your legs and then they will finally take your dead body and throw it off the tower of which one of the records were made in. After, I will get Burnie to play the dubstep hipster cat on replay for hours, have Miles do the Bane voice, and Kara's annoying turkey playing on and on at the same time.I will donkey punch you so hard that your eyeballs will pop out of their socketsI will pierce your right ear, remove you testicles and put it through the piercing, and the stick a fuse through the tip, attach it to Fifteen sticks of TNT, douse you in gasoline, remove your fingernails, shove them in your eyeballs, and pour bleach into them, slice fifteen holes throughout your body, stick the TNT in each one, light the fuse, and for good measure, begin beating you with a stick until the TNT is about to explode, then hide behind a blast shieldill shove my shoe straight down your throat then rip out your intestines and strangle you with it until you pass out , when you wake up you'll be strapped in a metal bed with saws on each limb , slowly , each limb gets cut , and i come up with a chain saw and slowly cut your throat so i can get my shoe again cause im going out with some friends xDI will find out where you live, fill your house with angry walnuts, and beat up your dog until it throws up cherry pie.Last but not least.... I will delete your hard drive"
,Not Recommended,449800,33166438,Posted: 2 July,all,coliverdave,Do not instal it on windows 8 or higher. It runs poorly.
,Recommended,449800,25167480,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,IrepTB,Very enjoyable game for fans of the Anime / Manga and then some.
,Not Recommended,449800,33960689,Posted: 1 August,all,Dk Hildegrad,No mouse and keyboard
,Not Recommended,449800,29412408,Posted: 21 January,all,Behamut,I really want to like it and I think I would if it would not Chrash in the trost district when the boss apears.
,Not Recommended,449800,26307397,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Bloody,"so far its an awful port. ten minutes in and tons of screen tearing,  and   glitchy as hell with 2  monitors.   terrible port.**no mouse support.and not detecting 360 controller.sigh."
76561198194154623,Not Recommended,449800,25486738,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GrotonRider [Star Warriors],"I saved up for this game for a while, and when I was finally able to purchase and play it, I discovered that you need a controller to actually play the game. The tutorial button instructions were all for the controller, and the keyboard settings make no sense at all. I would assume it would be a really cool game if it could be played with just a computer, though."
76561198290922130,Not Recommended,449800,25172922,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kenny McCormick,glitchy and crashes frequently
,Recommended,449800,25225987,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Thinking Potato,"I’m Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I’ve learned after 21 years – you never know WHAT is gonna come through that door."
,Recommended,449800,34760086,Posted: 5 September,all,Marterzon,"Germans: ""WE WUZ TITAN KILLERZ N SHEEEITT"""
76561197990979599,Not Recommended,449800,25502447,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Thamer,If someone doesnt like to use joypads or keyboard only ( no mouse ) then dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,449800,25308646,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Professor Kokonoe,"I don't know what is going on with this, but this game needs a serious fix. This game is more demanding memory and graphics wise than any other game I own on PC, and this game is nowhere near the amount of quality and detail as those. I got all the graphics turned off and i'm barely managing 30fps on 720p.As a comparison on more of my graphics hungry games, I run 60-120fps at 1080p or 4k, with them set at full throttle. I haven't seen issues on the console port, so you NEED TO FIX THIS GAME! Patch it, recall it, de-list it, whatever, but you need to do something about this crappy port."
76561197967754353,Not Recommended,449800,25233278,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Taki Minase,"First of my friends to buy and i expected for it to run perfectly since my system was new and all drivers were up to date.I got disappointed lmao, error after error. fixyosheet"
,Recommended,449800,25164491,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Levi,"Crashes AAAAALL the ♥♥♥♥ing time, good apart from that."
,Not Recommended,449800,34647676,Posted: 31 August,all,Fay,"As a huge fan of both the manga and anime it was pretty normal when I saw the game and freaked out. I bought it as soon as I could and I was just dreaming about the hours I was going to waste (not really waste) playing this game. It was a shock when I found out there's no way to use mouse AND keyboard. That didn't stop me tho, I simply decided to use my PS4 controller. NOPE. It didn't work then, it doesn't work now. I literally tried everything and after months having this game in my library just staring at me I'm extremelly disappointed. They're going to release the second game soon. I'll probably buy it because I'm a fan and I still hope that one day I'll be able to play this stupid game.I'd LOVE to recommend this game since it's just art. But I can't. I HAVEN'T PLAYED IT YET YA KNOW (I still love the anime and manga tho <3)."
,Not Recommended,449800,25552716,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,digisax,A $60 game in 2016 should support resolutions higher than 1920x1080
76561197960442306,Not Recommended,449800,25214963,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mischief,"I am so sick and tired of PC games forcing people to use controllers, 1 of the many reasons I use a PC is for keyboard and mouse..  Time and time again game companies like this one literally force there players to use a damn controller...  You cant even use a mouse, like seriously, you cant use your mouse in game at all..  They have binds that dont even show up on your menu, so you cant rebind your keyboard d pad to controls or else you lose the ability to use any controller d pad controls..  This game looks like it could be awesome but forcing people to use a controller is just low.. As of now for PC I cannot recommend this game to anyone that wants to use keyboard and mouse.."
,Recommended,449800,27132625,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revenge,⁢
76561198323401738,Not Recommended,449800,25192158,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,seadasky,I can run MGSVTPP But I can't run this over 8 fps? whats going on
76561198090127212,Not Recommended,449800,30143132,Posted: 24 February,all,alex987789,"Played the game for 30 minutes with no issues, then got a black screen. After i had to force restart my brand new computer i was informed that the game crashed my hard drive, like for good. Then i shelled out $80 for a new one and another $110 for windows 10 to put on the hard drive :) at least they refunded my money for the game."
,Recommended,449800,27122639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tekimeka,GOTTA SLASH'EM ALL~
76561198138833791,Not Recommended,449800,25387537,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Detective Spooks,"Honestly, if this game didn't have ♥♥♥♥ing balls for controller and keyboard mapping it would be a game worth playing. Noteably I rather enjoy this repetative game, it's just there are TOO many problems with it, to be worth $60"
76561198282939039,Not Recommended,449800,31944719,Posted: 24 May,all,Lordgamer98,"dont get this game on PC, its way better on console because all it does is crash on the first titan i encounter if anyone has any suggestions to solve this issue id be more than happy to hear"
,Recommended,449800,29837487,Posted: 10 February,all,Vapour,"it is fun, but i am bored with the game :)"
,Not Recommended,449800,29193935,Posted: 11 January,all,Kayle Intervened,"It was fun at first, I bought it because it was on sale and I've watched the show. The lack of mouse support was disappointing for sure, it can be kind of wonky and takes getting used to but once you do it's pretty fluid. I only played an hour but that's skipping all the cut scenes (mostly just scenes from the anime in video game form) and that's because it started getting repetitive and I started getting bored which is definitely not something you want a game to do to you.From what I can tell, adding more time to the game probably won't fix the draining repitition of the game. Only get it on sale would be my recommendation."
76561198243357630,Not Recommended,449800,25776675,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,AoA_★민아,clash at online
76561198063667500,Not Recommended,449800,25263790,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Aiden,"No mouse control, glitchy main menu, can only select story mode or quit game, seems like the developers didnt bother porting the game, this is the pc version i believe, the reason why i bought it for the pc is to play it with mouse and keyboard as i am used to for decades."
,Not Recommended,449800,25234579,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SHoTaX,This Game good it fun tbh BUTwhy when i play Multiplayer i have to set my micto Stereo Mix this not good tho and i buy this game cuz i wanna play with my friendand what about this game keep crash when i play Multiplayer
,Not Recommended,449800,25558505,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ClassyKye,"Well I mean its the best AOT game and all and im a HUGE fan of AOT but ♥♥♥♥ I payed $60 for this game and it has very poor optimization, I have a GTX 960m and I have to play on 800x460 resolution and low graphics settings to get 30FPS and the game also has a crashing problem with most games usually it only crashes once and you're good to go but this game is crashing on me consistently. I'll let you know this is NOT a $60 game and doesnt seem finished. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Its not that I dont recommend this game, its more like im inbetween."
76561198288232740,Not Recommended,449800,25220706,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Akem,"So I don't really understand the point, I've seen gameplay, I've read reviews, I exceed almost all the requirements to run the game, but it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥for me, I don't know if it's because I ran the game in windows 8 because it had ask me too, or if it's just my laptop, I have an Alienware 15 R2 which has no problem with other games. Another problem is my controller, I have a XBOX 360 controller plugged in and it doesn't even let me use it. It's plugged in and everything (I'm using the charger, I don't know if this is the problem or not). Another thing is, it only allows me to play in a window mode and not go fullscreen, I'm not given an option or anything, again, I have windows 10 and it had asked me to use windows 8 so I did. If there is a way to change it, please let me know. I've been waiting for the game for ages and I really don't want to refund it if there is a fix, otherwise, the game seems fun, but I haven't been able to play it because it just runs like♥♥♥♥♥and it's unplayable, I'm talking 5 FPS.Edit: I've given up all hope and the game is being refunded, I can't wait to get my money back and spend it all on CSGO skins."
,Recommended,449800,25336134,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Death society.gg csgoroll.com,Thanks for the refund!
,Recommended,449800,28700635,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Noonchief,Big fan of Attack on Titan
,Not Recommended,449800,25227626,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Thatsafy,"Ok, I really wanted to like this game and for some parts I did. Game looks good, runs well for me (GTX970 and i7 cpu) and story seemed ok enough to enjoy it.However what killed it for me was the gameplay itself. Moving with the 3D gear just feels so shallow. No real freedom of movement (i.e. take a look at the fan tribute) which makes playing A.O.T. a bit dull. Just pressing X and then flying and using A to boost around titans isn't just enough for me.What I would have loved to see in this game is maybe keep the simple controls for those who just want to enjoy the game casually (nothing bad with that) but also have movement system like in the Tribute game where you more control over where you want to shoot the hooks and maybe polish it a little bit further from what the guys behind the fan game had got it.However, if the points above don't bother you too much I'd think you can have good time with this game. Though I must also admit that the price point is a bit too high compared to the content. However I do recommend at least trying it and if you like the game, cool and if you didn't just refund it like I did."
,Recommended,449800,29657274,Posted: 2 February,all,OuToFlucK,this game is not bad need little work but good
76561198295791319,Not Recommended,449800,33265039,Posted: 5 July,all,Yuuki,I can't run the game :(
76561198042586146,Not Recommended,449800,25201424,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,sharpie,spent the last 4 hours of my life trying to get my xbox one controller to actually work with this game.still could not get it to work
,Not Recommended,449800,25192795,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,IMMORTAL,one of the worst port from console gamealthough it's awesome game but bad port T_T
76561198163764956,Not Recommended,449800,31949725,Posted: 25 May,all,carlito,the game just crashes on the first titan encounter D:
,Not Recommended,449800,25238374,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DedByDragon,This game is pretty poor for 55$
,Recommended,449800,26954356,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,Anime = 10/10Game Mechanics based on Anime = Collosal Titan/10
,Recommended,449800,25168354,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rothgar,Multi:at least we have Crash bandicoot gamecore game:The game we want.The game we deserve.
76561198169308394,Not Recommended,449800,25257888,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JackLiLion ジャック,As soon as i started to play it lagged and was not good for keyboard so i got my xbox 1 controler still lag restared my computer lag lag lag i tried to make it not lag but still lag
76561198026806384,Not Recommended,449800,25258053,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,mizoe shirayuki,"horrible HORRIBE gameplay controls the game is constantly crashing in multi player, and i cant use my ♥♥♥♥ing mouse... who buys a pc game not to use a mouse. i love attack on titan but i absolutly hated the controls on this game i couldnt even get into it as lon as i have waited for this game after about 30 mins of constant crashing and dealing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls i had to refund the game it was the most upsetting game iv ever played"
76561198108328469,Not Recommended,449800,25373966,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ZetaChamp,Controls are messed up even with a gamepad and the games gets really repetitive after an hour
,Not Recommended,449800,25222640,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,bombitmanbomb,"My Experience:I Bought the game and hit play.*Hey you cant do that you need to run in windows 7 compatability* the game saidok..Changed the compatability and hit play again and waited for the Awsomeness that is attack on titan to load.and i waited.And waited some more.and kept waiting.after 4 minutes of waiting my game finally had loaded.Well its probably just a big game i though.i Plugged in my controller- Nothing happeneda 5 minute game restart and i can finally use my controller \o/ Greatloaded into attack modethe game began at a Gracefull 5 frames per second. What the?I was compleately baffled.My PC That Eats games like breakfest on Ultra settings can not run this simple ps3 port..i then spent a while updating my NVidia Drivers and Updataing every other driver i could think of.an hour later i sit through the 5 minute load time and finally get into the game again.5 FPS. Well then. Time to turn down my settings.*Browses the options menu but cant find any graphics settings*huh..Had to quit to the menu to find my graphics and disable everythingstart the game.9 FPS Ok Better but not quite enough.Back to the Main Menu!Resolution 1920x1080 -> 800x600Finally!! Framerate!! i thought as i managed to average 40 frames.though everything looks like crap. To The NVidia Profile Inspector!Anti Aliasing: OnLoad the game again.Wait.Hit Play: CrashLoad the game again.Wait.Hit Play: CrashLoad the game again.Wait.Hit Play: CrashSomething is not right?after fiddling around with settings for 3 hours i manage to begin the game for more than 5 secondswhile my baby tries to run the game at around 30 frames per second i notice something. My Camera is continually moving Left Very slightly. Oh Great there is no deadzone on the controller. Brilliant!well ill have to tough through it and try to jkeep the controller centered.after rushing through the tutorial un under 4 minutes i then start the actuall game. walk around the ""Hub"" area and get my gear with my funds and talk to the cmmander and CRASH.This is going to be fun..Load the game again.Wait.Hit play and OH LOOK NOTHING SAVED!~Does everything again then this time Manually saves the game.talk to the commander and Skip every cutscene. Oh yay i did not crash!~Oh its my first Real titan! YES!i zip around the titan elegantly and go in to hit the nape. and then immidiately Crashthis happened about 7 more times and i then procedded to Steam Support to get my refund.What i now know:If you own Windows 10 Do Not Buy This Game.If you do not own a controller Do Not Buy This Game.If crashing annoys you Do Not Buy This Game.If you dont have a Powerfull Computer Do Not Buy This Game.If you dont like turning when you dont touch the controller Do Not Buy This Game. (The is no deadzone)If you dont like Japanese only dialogue Do Not Buy This Game (Though i personally love it)If you dont want to waste your money Do Not Buy This GameMoral of the story: Wait For This Game To Be Fixed"
,Not Recommended,449800,30093819,Posted: 21 February,all,Gujin,"I really dislike Attack on Titan and think plot-wise, it's both the slowest and dumbest experiences I ever wasted time reading and watching. But that isn't why I'm not recommending this game.Wings of Freedom is probably one of the fastest and most enjoyable games I've played in a long while, where it's incredibly simple to master and feels extremely fluent to glide around at such an extreme speed, slaughtering titans, while having enough tools and options to give players several thoughts in optimizing the speed at which they clear out missions.With that said, the game doesn't really have that much in terms of content, and 10 or 15 hours of playing the game gives you a really good idea of the game's entirety. Mix with lack of content (only going up to the end of AoT's first season plus a few extra missions afterwards involving a secret titan (at least secret to the American audience)) and the characters in the game feeling like absolute crap compared to Mikasa and Levi, and it feels like an incomplete experience, which wouldn't be a problem and I highly recommend this game on sale, but at $60 it's absurd to consider it, even if I will say it's a stunning and masterful representation of the Attack on Titan series.Omega Force made an amazing game, one that really stands out to their other works, and I'd go as far to say as this is probably the most fun gameplay-wise you'll ever get out of a Warriors/Musou game. However, the game is just lacking too much in content to bother recommending, even if it is a blast to play through. I can at least hope that somewhere in the distant future, when we have more animated content from the series, the team will have far more story and character wise to work with moving forward, because really the lack of content is the only real issue with the game."
,Not Recommended,449800,25158359,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Terrible port, terrible controls, frequent crashes. i'll give it a final rating ofArkhamn knight PC port/An actual PC game"
76561198249474756,Recommended,449800,28776814,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ᗫᎯℝ₭ℕĖᏕᏕ,I LOVE IT.
,Not Recommended,449800,30039481,Posted: 19 February,all,or,"My mummy and daddy told me to refwund cause it was to vilent and tht mad me saaad ;( Thubs down, to vilent 4 me plz delete gaame of stem and go ply mincraft insted it es moch beeter. mu mummy and daddy hav banned me frm da computr for a wek and now im evn sader. PLZ NEVER BY GAM IT VILENT ND I DNT LIK IT IM A INTITLED LITTLE BRAT AND I ALWAYS GET WHAT IWANAT."
76561197971386388,Not Recommended,449800,31949736,Posted: 25 May,all,Hitman47,"NO 4K/1440P Support. Maybe its a good Game, but it looks blurry as hell on a 4k/1440P Monitor. Is it so hard to make an Option in Graphics Menu to play with higher resolutions than 1080P? More and more People are starting to play in higher Resolutions.....hell, even the Consoleros play their Games higher than FullHD on the old PS4 Pro Graphicschip:D:D:D. I own a TitanXP and i like it, playing Games on highest settings and i played Games in 1080P last time two years ago. aaaahhh and of course, u need a Controller to play it. Even the Menu is not Mouse supported and Ingame the Mouse is not even working!!Cool Port at all! Maybe i must wait for the Remaster Version in some Years. Then they could set in their secret ini file the value 1440P or 4K and u can buy it the second time....(joke) :D:D"
,Not Recommended,449800,33023159,Posted: 29 June,all,smm,how do i kill titans
76561198009505358,Not Recommended,449800,26163745,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ItsOnlyAGame,"Does the game still rip to shreads (despite enabling Nvidia 'Force V-sync')? If such is the case, no sense in me buying.... Unfortunately, there's no way of truly finding out besides buying, testing, refunding - as I have already.If screen tearing ruins immersion for you, don't buy this one.... As great a story, and probably as great a game as AoT is, they dropped the ball with the no Vertical Refresh and Sync; can't buy at $60 w/o those things."
76561198066402466,Not Recommended,449800,35225041,Posted: 26 September,all,JDaisy,Controlls make it almost unplayable.
,Not Recommended,449800,25242180,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Izzatso?,Xbox One Wireless Controller not working properly. START - Select both Trigger and the right Stick are not Working. Shame. Refund.
76561197990290919,Not Recommended,449800,30431974,Posted: 10 March,all,JasonLeeStrickland,"Garbage, great show,♥♥♥♥♥♥game. No keyboard or mouse support and I'm running an ASUS ROG w/ 860m but the game still runs at 10fps"
,Not Recommended,449800,25206807,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Glob,Game crashes constantly and is laggy and hardly playable. I currently playing on the GS63VR 6RF Stealh Pro (A beast of a laptop) and it cannot play this game. Either it is horribly optimized or it just sucks.
76561198029073754,Not Recommended,449800,25315827,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,wyvern86,The controls are broken. The down key is stuck in game. I cant even play.
76561198022091332,Not Recommended,449800,25485886,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Zigzagfrosty,Impossible to play with a controller as the game doesn't recognize about 1/4 of the buttons.
,Not Recommended,449800,25336862,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Timu,The controls are so bad. Like it tells you the controls on PC and it shows XBox. Like really? I bought this for 50$. Waste of time. Refunding this game. I had problems immediately once I launched the game. Horrible.
76561198108049023,Not Recommended,449800,25277409,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,WO Weasle,when i go to play the game poops up and then disappears and wont let me play anyone know what to do?
76561198004152298,Not Recommended,449800,29867751,Posted: 12 February,all,desertbunny1,"Horrible game.  No mouse support for a PC version.  How lazy are your programers.  Rushed game, probably intended for less PC experienced markets in the Asia pacific region.  Not interested in quality of the experience, just a rushed pathetic money grab with lazy programing support.GIVE US MOUSE.  Until you do, never ever buy games from Koei Tecmo, Omega Force.  Seems they care nothing for the game experience of their customers.  Only their quick buck they can get.Boo on you sirs.  Boo"
76561198047451271,Not Recommended,449800,29840133,Posted: 10 February,all,The White Ranger,"It will be a nice game if the game's not crashing everytime big titan spawn.It will be better when they'll patch this. Otherwise, great game if you like the anime"
76561198243128792,Not Recommended,449800,31723074,Posted: 13 May,all,linksdagger1234,it crashed sevral times i cant even play it even with low resoulution
,Not Recommended,449800,29557040,Posted: 28 January,all,Twinkle Winkle Carrot ^_^,"I wish I could forget the traumatic experience I had playing this game. Heres why it was such a terrible game:1. The controls for Looking around (what you would do with a mouse) is actually controlled by some random keys around the center of your keyboard i think (Y to look up, G to look left, H to look right, and B to look down). It might actually be the keys to the right, not exactly sure.- Then the keys for movement are of course wasd. So you need to maneouver and look around with two hands on 4 keys each and its extremely awkward. Probably the worst designs and it made me wonder why they would even release this game in this state.2. The game graphics don't look good in my opinion. The texture of the environment looks similar to something you'd see in an early 2000 game like half life 2. It made me feel like they cut corners to take advantage of the hype of the AOT anime release and its fans by releasing a quick game, good or not.3. The gameplay itself just isn't as enjoyable as I would hope. I thought it would be okay because there is a ""multiplayer"" option which I assume is some kind of coop and when I searched I found 0 people. So there is an entire feature that doesn't even work because nobody wants to play this horrible game, and I don't blame them.So in conclusion we have a game with confusing controls, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, and a dead multiplayer system.- On a side note, if you do have a controller that is compatible with your pc then this game MIGHT be half decent."
76561198176700425,Not Recommended,449800,32685592,Posted: 23 June,all,Mephisto,"Unplayable.Controllers do not work. I've tried everything, with software and own configurations but It just does not make any fun and is just terrible.Steam should not write full controller support here, This is a lie and should be removed as soon as possible.Pity about the game, refund requested..."
76561198047841614,Not Recommended,449800,29832191,Posted: 10 February,all,ori655,"The main problem it this game, is that it's not supporting the mouse AT ALL!!!! And, this problem injured the gameplay so much, than no one can play this game normally, without a controler..."
,Not Recommended,449800,25237362,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mabel,Steam refund still working
,Not Recommended,449800,30149334,Posted: 24 February,all,Deadline,Its ♥♥♥♥ing BORING AS ♥♥♥♥
76561198156320891,Not Recommended,449800,29886620,Posted: 12 February,all,waterheart82,This game chases a lot may not be recommended befor a few updates.
,Not Recommended,449800,25521466,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,sheabutter,left stick isnt mapped. this game blows.
,Not Recommended,449800,31248716,Posted: 19 April,all,Lord KKs,"Waste of time. The game only goes up to season 1, no real challenge, no real mechanics, irrelevant side quests, irrelevant materials, this game has absolutely NOTHING to stand for, aside from the story (which most people who will play this game already know).If you want to play a good AoT game, try that one made by 1 asian guy in unity."
,Not Recommended,449800,25226389,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Moist,runs horribly and lags like crazy the frames are vey low even on high end pc i want my money back
,Recommended,449800,26902397,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr Elusive Man,how do i use gamepad????
76561198088445862,Recommended,449800,29816532,Posted: 9 February,all,SenpaiVulpix,One of the best Dota 2 rip offs 5/7
76561197983900942,Not Recommended,449800,25631307,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,N9neFingers,Total Garbage. Barely worth $10 let alone $60. For $60 why isn't there english dubs? All the levels are wash and repeat. The omi movement gear impossible to control when attacking titans.
76561198216928436,Not Recommended,449800,25337237,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jad the gamer,"I love Attack on Titan, Its one of my favorite anime's. When I found out this was on steam, I immedientally went to gamestop, bought steam codes, and bought this game, AND BOY WAS IT A WASTE OF MONEY, why........... THE LAGGING, this game wouldv'e been good, if there were absolutely NO LAGGING! So for the people who made this game, can you please fix the lagging."
,Not Recommended,449800,32046795,Posted: 29 May,all,kendranicolesitlinger,"This game was mildly disappointing. I had spent $60 on a game to recieve loads of lag, disabling me from playing it, and making my laptop run super slow for days on end. Even when it was closed! Last time I tried playing it was around March 1st, and even after 3 months of not playing, I returned to a laggy game. I'm not sure where to ask for a refund, but if I knew, I would."
,Not Recommended,449800,25696377,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,artchanon999,return cash megame is hard for computerBad
76561198176745802,Not Recommended,449800,25374675,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,KingCryo,"this game runs terribly on pc, how is it that my computer can easily run gta 5 but can't run this game"
76561198055425540,Not Recommended,449800,29838033,Posted: 10 February,all,Garpfruit,"The game has some SERIOUS issues.  For one, it lacks mouse support, that's right, the mouse cannot be bound in settings and doesn't control the camera.  Second, it has no english audio, only subtitles.  Third, it runs at aprox. 1 FPS in Windows 8 and Windows 10 (my machine is not the problem, trust me, it runs ultra settings on most games without a problem).  You have to launch it in compatability mode for Widows 7 if you want to actually play it.  Waste of money until they fix at least problem one."
76561198316015735,Not Recommended,449800,25519291,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,blackeinar,"This game does not work... Don`t buy.First, the game does not detect a controller and if you want to play without it it does not detect the mause... Then the graphic in the lowest resolution runs like sh*t (my computer can handle better games with better graphics) .Once in the game if paused, it does not have a graphic settings option.Once in game running like sh*t an try to pause it it does not let you... You have to press a lot of other keys so it pauses"
76561198012578852,Not Recommended,449800,29881960,Posted: 12 February,all,Brandindin,"Does not  support 2560x1080 dissapointed, i can't play the game all streched or in windowed mode, it looks silly and lacluster not worth the money even on sale."
,Not Recommended,449800,25274749,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TheCap'n,"HORRIBLE! totally broken!! it says to press A on a controller, but somehow that button is now X? and my Start button is somehow RT?? do NOT waste time on this, it's horribly broken!!!"
76561198123404862,Not Recommended,449800,25265021,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MelayuHisapLanjiaoIndog,stupid game
76561198248784988,Not Recommended,449800,31615597,Posted: 7 May,all,Asher (Ash),Still bought this game and never will even load up. Was so hyper for it too. Just pathetic
,Not Recommended,449800,29885888,Posted: 12 February,all,THE RETURN OF Hitsballs,The game wouldn't run.It wasn't very fun.Negative review done.
,Not Recommended,449800,25519038,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Speed Lord (lvl:9999999999),This game is cancer i cant even run it.
76561198130330014,Not Recommended,449800,25518280,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,kyleoti,no
,Not Recommended,449800,29833488,Posted: 10 February,all,Groovy,not a pc game
,Not Recommended,449800,31068901,Posted: 10 April,all,Nitoryu Iai: Rashomon,"Steer clear! Terrible PC port, wont even run. Steam knows this and still harbors this game, wouldn't give me a refund."
,Not Recommended,449800,29887738,Posted: 12 February,all,SilkMars187,This game is the first rating I'm giving because this game is terrible it showed in the required and recommended information that I had all the requirements and almost all the recommended settings and it plays pretty good but it keeps crashing and I load it up get sent back to the start of the mission and I get really far then crash again and again and again this is crap don't buy it till it gets fixed because this is just sad what a waste of money!
,Recommended,449800,25158324,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Blade,Gimmie that titan booty
76561198167807347,Not Recommended,449800,35100047,Posted: 21 September,all,Rin Okumura,is bad game
76561198271908835,Not Recommended,449800,32390899,Posted: 13 June,all,loftyspider,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game aint worth sixty ♥♥♥♥s even for a 10$ i would still call it♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is the same god damn thing over and over, just mother♥♥♥♥ing twirling around their brainless heads. the only descent part about this mother♥♥♥♥ing game is the story and that is still pretty ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,449800,25169471,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,NamlesS[Aselan-Official],Stephen Hawking runs better than this game.
76561198026772811,Not Recommended,449800,25171824,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Highschool of the Dead,"Do not buy this game, it is a very poor port from xbox or playstation, the controls are controller type""press A"" when its h or J.. you get the idea. While it is true you can reconfigure the controll settings its not worth $15. Also its ok 1080 lol, no 4k support. Wait for it to drop in price, not worth it at this time. Unless you have a $hitty pc go right ahead and enjoy..."
76561198298256905,Not Recommended,449800,25173660,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Joker (trading st kara dopp),no
,Not Recommended,449800,33945278,Posted: 1 August,all,Anshelm,"0/10 has no option for english dub...Being forced to listen to nonsensable gibberish while trying to play a game is infuriating and ruins the game...I advise if you dont understand japanese dont even buy the game, but if you already have just turn off all the voice options so your ears dont get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ japanese voice actors.Only dumb weebs would like this jap ear♥♥♥♥♥♥while playing a game... ♥♥♥♥ you weebs... I blame you for this♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,449800,30379488,Posted: 7 March,all,RunnrX,"They say the game is repetitive, which is very much is, but I enjoyed playing it all the way through anyway.  It has a good fast pace feel to it and you feel yourself becoming more powerful so there's lots of gratification to the game."
,Recommended,449800,30403205,Posted: 8 March,all,salty,"“𝒴𝑜𝓊 𝒸𝒶𝓃'𝓉 𝒸𝒽𝒶𝓃𝑔𝑒 𝒶𝓃𝓎𝓉𝒽𝒾𝓃𝑔 𝓊𝓃𝓁𝑒𝓈𝓈 𝓎𝑜𝓊 𝒸𝒶𝓃 𝒹𝒾𝓈𝒸𝒶𝓇𝒹 𝓅𝒶𝓇𝓉 𝑜𝒻 𝓎𝑜𝓊𝓇𝓈𝑒𝓁𝒻 𝓉𝑜𝑜. 𝒯𝑜 𝓈𝓊𝓇𝓅𝒶𝓈𝓈 𝓂𝑜𝓃𝓈𝓉𝑒𝓇𝓈, 𝓎𝑜𝓊 𝓂𝓊𝓈𝓉 𝒷𝑒 𝓌𝒾𝓁𝓁𝒾𝓃𝑔 𝓉𝑜 𝒶𝒷𝒶𝓃𝒹𝑜𝓃 𝓎𝑜𝓊𝓇 𝒽𝓊𝓂𝒶𝓃𝒾𝓉𝓎- 𝒜𝓇𝓂𝒾𝓃 𝒜𝓇𝓁𝑒𝓉”"
,Recommended,449800,25213885,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ghidorah,"Wow! A Tecmo Koei PC port that actually works.Game is pretty good so far. The only gripe I have is that the menu is buggy. It doesn't allow me to select anything between Attack Mode or Exit when I'm in fullscreen mode for 1920x1080. It just skips through for so reason. If you are fine with the monotonous gameplay like those found in the Dynasty Warriors series, this game should be enjoyable for you. The game runs at a constant 60FPS during gameplay and spikes up during a cutscene. I have not found any framerate drops or major game breaking bugs. This game is enjoyable for those who like the series or this genre of game. If you don't like doing the same thing over then this game is really not for you.I have to say, I was skeptical of the game at first but I think it's a pretty good AoT game. I just wished that Tecmo Koei would stop selling their lazy console port PC games at such high prices. Even if it was on sale for 17% less, $50 is still $50.P.S. I just wished they called it the 3D Maneuver Gear,not the Omni-Directional Mobility Gear in the game."
,Recommended,449800,25206338,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Happymask Salesdergan,"Edit: Story mode anywhere from 8 to 9 hours long depending, and you can still continue.As far as ports go, this one feels phenominal.  I have always had a bad history with ports, even down to more recent rather hyped games that will not be mentioned... however, this game feels and runs smoothly.  I have had one or two frame dips but that was when I was technically breaking down giant walls with a cannon.  Yes, with a Cannon while several giant titans and my team and other things were going on (yes, this game can get busy).The ODM (Omni-Directional Movement) Gear, is fun and smooth (fps wise as well) to use and the gameplay in general is not strictly ""hard"" by any means, though I would definately say get a controller as running it with mouse and keyboard feels clumsy in most reguards and degrades the experience.  (I am currently using the Steam Controller... without big picture, Thanks Steam for removing that requirement!)The difficuly lies more in targeting specific parts of the titan to get Materials, having the right angles, and speed and taking them down efficiently without getting grabbed which is highly possible if you aren't quick, careful, and observant.  In addition to having to focus on this, you will have a plethora of ""Side-Missions"" that you will need to tackle which will constantly keep you busy and on the move while the varying objectives in the story missions will keep the experience relatively fresh enough (at least for me) to where the gameplay does not get stale.Getting farther into the games story mode they were able to add a few more nuances to taking down certain titans that you would need to preform to efficiently strike at them as well, I most definately do not regret my purchase and there is also a ""Survey"" mode which can either be done in Co-Op or Single Player, I have not tested this mode out much though with what I've seen of the mode it will help add some longevity to the game for people who are highly interested in the type of gameplay A.O.T. Wings of Freedom has to offer.I feel like compared to some 60$ titles, that I ended up refunding after a hour alone because of bugs, crashes among other reasons this game has earned my money in spades and I can easily recommend this game to anyone who likes the other games published by Koei Techmo (The same publishers of Dynasty Warriors), as this game falls strikingly simmilar but different (as you are fighting Titans, and not hundreds of nameless soldiers and a few dozen named generals of China's past.)Even if you aren't a Attack on Titan Anime Fan, you wont feel lost as this game fills you in on the important details as they come up."
76561198122369655,Recommended,449800,25214146,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,FTX,I love aot and i like the content of the game but you have too have a controller beacuse with the keyboard its to hard to play and the mouse dosent work for me. i have just over the minimum computer parts for this game and it still quite bad.  it is a good game if you have a controller and have the good parts but if you dont dont bother.I wish i could refund it.
,Recommended,449800,25214245,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Saodalicious,Fun.
,Recommended,449800,25223730,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Darkaim,This company I'd say could charge this as a AAA game. (Keep in mind I bought this game while the sale was going on) But at least this company knows what to do with the game and its pricing! #NoMansBuy
76561197976081921,Recommended,449800,25237947,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,VileMKIV,"At first i was skeptical of this game.  When I loaded it up, my system could barely hit 14 fps on a brand new system that handles any other game with ease.  Turns out that if you run a gaming laptop, the game can sometimes use the integrated graphics card instead of the performance Nvidia one that's installed.  If you run into that problem, use this link for the extraordinarily simple solutionhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/449800/discussions/0/359547436751433576/that involves telling the Nvidia control panel to use the Nvidia card instead of the integrated.Technical issues aside, I'm a huge fan of this anime.  Something about it keeps me attached and wanting more.  This game is strangely the same way so far.  The fluidity of the combat, and flying through the air is addicting, and the combat feels pretty good so far.  The voice acting sounds just like the anime, and the artwork is superb.  Not a bad hack and slash game at all.  That being said I've only gone through the tutorial, but I'm definitely hungry for more."
76561198020659031,Recommended,449800,25239309,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mangosteen,it pretty cool
,Recommended,449800,25189451,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cry out,"Fun gamesadly u cant play as annie, ymir, or Petraonline is♥♥♥♥♥♥ u either dc or game closes for some dumb reason.PATCH THIS GAME'S ONLINE SERVERS! I KEEP CRASHING WHEN SOMEONE HAVES MIC ENABLED!!!"
,Recommended,449800,25236602,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,HeRossaye,"Only played this game for 2 hours and i can gladly say that this game is fantastic, if you love AoT you will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,449800,25239853,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Catfish Vegan Shark,This game is everything i wanted for an attack on titan game after waiting years for an actually OFFICAL game this is all i could hope for being able to cut individual limbs off and have a squad of people to help u kill them 10/10
,Recommended,449800,25239983,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Company Master Balthasar,"Definitely a super fun game. Made even sweeter by the fact I bought this with my No Man's Sky refund.In all seriousness, this is a good game. It has tight controls, looks good (if you like the art style of the Attack on Titan series), and follows the original story!The most accurate way I could describe it is a cross between the Dynasty warrior games and Attack on Titan. You will be killing MANY more titans than the the characters do in the written and animated series. It is a nice retelling of the original story, with not much filler at all.WARNING: IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THE SERIES BEYOND THE ANIME, THIS GAME WILL HAVE SPOILERSWhich I find kind of cool seeing as I've read the manga up to the most recent issue, and that the second season of the anime hasn't been released. Also the game is in Japanese with english subtitles, thank god because the voice actors were used for this game (you'd understand if you've seen the english dubbing of the anime}."
,Recommended,449800,25240661,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KOR - Blitzer,"Slightly different story content, but the combat, graphics and characters really bring you into the world of Shingeki no Kyoujin.  Looking forwards to DLC and additional content when the series comes back next year."
,Recommended,449800,25222135,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,NotKanye,"Very fun and addicting, it feels like Dynasty Warriors game was fused with Attack On Titan.The controls are VERY irritating (Especially if you're trying to play with a 360 controller (SUPER ♥♥♥♥ED)) but if you play with Steam Controller, full customization makes up for it.If you're looking for anything new story-wise you won't find much, except one or two non-cannon side missions at the end that do tie-in with the manga, but like I said, non-cannon.Even still with those problems, it's a fun game that makes you feel like an absolutle badass and I am very happy with my purchase."
76561198078567514,Recommended,449800,25241208,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CaptainFatt,"I'll be honest, I was super frustrated with this game at first because I could not get my gamestop wired 360 controller to work properly with the game. I ended up doing a lot of troubleshooting before getting it fixed, but I think it was worth the wait for sure. It's everything I wanted from an attack on titan game. For any fans of the anime or the manga, this is an awesome game. Hopefully they improve the PC port end of this game a bit, but other than that, excellent game."
76561198260821431,Recommended,449800,25241514,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,mdcoleman8488,thay need to fix the co-op mode like the game but cant play co-opand it crashes all the time help
76561198109493326,Recommended,449800,25291049,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,chardakNN,"This is the best AOT game,if you have ever played the Tribute game just take that game and multiplay the power of everything by 10x or more because: terrain is destructable,Movement is easy,actually follows both the anime and Manga, and uses the cut scenes from the anime and make their own from the manga IN 3D,and Titan eren is a The coolest Thing ever, YOU CAN GRABA TITAN BY THE SKULL AND SMASH IT IN THE A BUILDING.best game 10/10. (Rip eren's mom in 3D)"
76561198082078980,Recommended,449800,25269377,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tired-Two-Eyes-2,"While the keyboard controls are about as accurate as a blind man with no arms trying to shoot clay pigeons from a mile away with a shotgun at night, this is a real fun game with no complaints about how the game plays. If you haven't seen the anime, this game does a good job at telling the story though enjoyable, mindless slaughter of beings from 3 meters tall to 17+ meters. Also gave me a reason to pull out my Dualshock 4 and hook it up to my computer."
,Recommended,449800,25285635,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,"I love the game, but please repair multiplayer it is really bugged . Crashes when I try to play ."
,Recommended,449800,25281600,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jorrekreaver,"Anime was awesome and the game is spectacular, very fast paced combat, that grips you from the get go, the artwork in this game is phenomenal Im only upto to the first time Eren goes outside the wall and i find it very hard to put down. Controls using a gamepad are awesome not so sure on the keyboard and mouse think it would be a bit hectic without a pad.this gets 5/5 from me fully recommend to any fans of the anime or anyone who likes gorey Titan Slaying :D"
76561198077111485,Recommended,449800,25276373,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Volaan,"Awesome Game! I actually like the game better than the anime lol fast pace, Full speed all action! gameplay is freaking awesome! a must have"
,Recommended,449800,25276379,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Panther,"I like the game a lot, except there are a few major flaws: Where is the start menu, WTF are those keybindings, and the worst of all, to fix those weird keybindings, using a controller has a weird configuration where none of the buttons line up to what the game says to do. Other than that, great game."
,Recommended,449800,25275526,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DragoonBlade524,"If you like the anime, you will like this game. It has everything you will want from an AoT game. Free movement, the ability to cut off a Titan's limbs, you have to hit the nape of the neck to kill a Titan, etc... It's really the little details that are just awesome in this game. Like when you kill a Titan, you can get covered in blood, and you can even see the steam coming off your character. While someone who has never seen the anime or read the manga may not understand why that's cool, people who have will appreciate it for sure. Also, you need to replace your blades and gas, just like in the source material. It also adds a bit of resource  management to the game, though just a little because there's plenty of ways to refill your supplies. The graphics are also pretty nice, and animations are very smooth. But the game does have some downsides to it. Then there's the traversal. It gets a little wonky at times, and your character will smack into buildings from time to time, but it's fun as hell. Your anchors actually have to attach to something, and it reminds me a lot of the web swinging in Spiderman 2. Just a great mechanic, even with the few flaws. Then there's Titan Eren. While the controls and mechanics are very simple, there's just something about it that makes it super fun, and you can transform into him during battle, so it's not just a special stage thing.While I enjoy the gameplay, it is very repetive. All it is, is hooking onto a Titan and cutting it down. That's it. While it's enough for me, others may find it a bit mundane. I don't know what else could have been done to make combat more exciting, but as it stands, you just: hook onto a titan, position yourself, start reeling yourself in, wait for the air graphics to go around your character, hit attack. That's it. Some characters, like Levi and Mikasa do have chain attacks, so you can follow up the initial attack with two more; however, I found this to be worthless, since the consevutive attacks are much weaker than the first, but still damages your blades just as much. So it's more effective to just ignore this, unles you are trying to take out a weaker Titan. Which in that case, just go right fo the nape, since you don't really have to cut those guys down. I think the worst part of the game though is the keyboard controls. They are just abysmal, and you can't use your mouse. If you don't have a damepad, don't even bother. Also, the game crashes. I have only crashed twice, but others say it crashes a lot for them. So that's something to consider. However, I actually do crash almost everytime I quit the game. It doesn't effect me while playing, but still weird.All in all, it's a fun game, and I recommend it to every AoT fan, even at full price. For every one else, I don't know if there's really anything here for you. So you may want to just skip it entirely, or wait for a big sale; and seriously, if you don't have a gamepad, just skip it."
,Recommended,449800,25277439,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LeftyWanka,"I just wish i could forget what i know about AoT, just so i could be blown away again. If you love AoT, this is a must have.NOTEMouse is not supported, so i recommend a controller. I had a pretty bad button mismapping bug on my controller, but you can google your way to a fix."
76561198258945580,Recommended,449800,25237354,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,fallenangelsora,i like the game but i have problems when in cut sceens and itt say no valid audio source. i relize it was just released and all so i dont know if its just because of my comtputer or the game. recomendation make it compatible with other controlers other then the game pad. other then this its a lovely game.
,Recommended,449800,25266639,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,St0rmy,Amazing game especially when you are a fan of the anime.
,Recommended,449800,25330210,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Soob,"Before you buy remember that this is a port, do not set your expectations for anything different.AOT: Wings of Freedom is a fantastic action game centered around the anime TV shows story line. It is reminiscent of dynasty warriors and monster hunter, with a fantastic spiderman-esque movement system. You can tell it was made for console with the way the levels are designed and the lack of rendering at very far distances. Even with that though this game excels at what it is.If you like fast paced gory action this game is great.This game is a controller game, do not play it on keyboard & mouse as it is absolutely atrocious."
,Recommended,449800,25344191,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Zedric,"Fun and satisfying, great graphics, worth to PLAY, BUT the only issue is that there is no PUSH TO TALK button for your microphone and you will always hear some noises of television background, weird noises, sneezing, ETC of your team.... hope this will be fixed SOON PLEASE.... because i love this game :)"
76561198043102727,Recommended,449800,25344221,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,maik.k,"A unique game that lets you whizz around like a flying monkey squirrel while fighting creepy man eating titans.It follows the original story very closely and even features all of the voiceactors from the anime while sporting a new awesome soundtrack. There are some rpg elements to it, characters level up unlocking new traits and during every mission you collect materials that can be used to upgrade or purchase new weapons. By the time you reach ng+, you'll wish you had better weapons - luckily there's also an Expedition mode that you can play solo or coop to get more materials."
76561198093819274,Recommended,449800,25339690,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cookie,"It's got its bugs here and there but what PC game isn't buggy at launch? Overall, it controlls very smoothly and runs like a dream. I highly recommend this game of you liked the anime.My only gripe is that the speaking isn't in english, it's all subbed; that's just me though. It's very hard to fight a titan and look in the corner of the screen to read what a character is saying. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,449800,25325787,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,decimation,"AOT fans buy this, true attack mode is very challenging ODM gear is the best (play with xbox controller)"
,Recommended,449800,25335673,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ionikinesis,"I really like this game. the controls are amazing (xbox 1 controller) and you really feel accelerated when slaying the titans. there is no way this could have been better... they could have hired the voice actors to voice the short things they say on expedition mode instead of doing that anime sigh and there are some moments from the anime and manga that they removed and replaced with gameplay that i would have loved to see and possibly play, for example the supply recovery part when eren first becomes a titan. so if you have played the game but haven't watched the anime or read the manga i'd recommend you do that."
76561198208793556,Recommended,449800,25333850,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,brnshfr,"I really love this game a lot. Brings a whole new aspect of the Attack On Titan world. Very addictive, the combat is really awesome. A lot better than I was really hoping for. The only problem I have with it is it keeps on crashing on me"
,Recommended,449800,25338072,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,YOUR MUMS CORNFLAKES,i really like this game but the problem is that it laggs a lotso if any one reads this ands know how to fix my game please let me know
,Recommended,449800,25321328,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ᴇ ɢ ɢ,this is so much fun and once you get to learn the controlls its all good and easy to remember
76561198090047089,Recommended,449800,25323209,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TheGreenAlpaca,"ControlsThe controls arecrazyhard to use on a keyboard. But I didn't have a controller so I was forced to use the keyboard. After using it for around 2 hours Islowlygot the hang of it and it got easier. I feel as though it would be the same for you. Also,LEVI CLEANING OUTFIT FTW!"
76561198127541425,Recommended,449800,25292385,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,FluffyDracula,"Love this game, however, i have been unable to play co-op, as it keeps telling me that there are no sessions available, and when hosting my own, it tells me that i cannot invite friends cause my overlay must be enabled, yet it is enabled"
,Recommended,449800,25328239,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kvôthë,"Attack on Titan is a must have for ANY fan of the Anime.  I'm a huge fan so this game is extremely appealing to me, that being said even if you haven't watched the Anime I'd still recommend this game, it's very fun and satisfying flying around slaying titans!The main story pretty much follows Season 1 of the Anime, but once completed if you continue your expeditions then there ARE spoilers for Season 2.The game play is very smooth and the ODM (Omni-Directional Mobility Gear) physics are brilliant!A few gripes starting with the price.  No game is worth £50 in my eyes, if you can wait I’d honestly pick this up at a later date when it goes on sale.  The only reason I actually paid that money is because I mentioned earlier I’m a big fan of the Anime/Manga.Controls are very poorly optimised, I’d go to say the game is near unplayable without a controller.  Even then the button layout is appalling and takes some getting used to.The camera is another thing to be left desired, it’s very awkward at times especially when flying around at high speeds sometimes you will go into a wall or behind a building and have to panic about your surroundings.   At times I found myself scrambling for my life as there were 3-4 titans around me and all I could see was a wall and didn’t have the ability to use my ODM.The game as people mention does get ‘repetitive’ if you like, but what game doesn’t?  The only difference is that it’s still fun! You also get to play majority of main characters from the Anime, this includes Captain Levi which is a win on its own!Other than that I personally recommend this game and give it a strong 8.5/10."
,Recommended,449800,25187617,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BestPlebEu,"It's unplayable UNLESS you have a controller, the gameplay is really smooth and nice. it's still alot that have to be fixed. Most of all being able to play CO-OP, since it's crashing LITERALLY every 3rd minute or so. so that's a huge problem. it will be recommended to play after they fixed it.Edit: Eyy, they finally fixed it!"
,Recommended,449800,25262258,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Judas622,"Great game and very much as close as you could hope to play the story from the anime/manga. I was planning on getting this for the PS4, but when I learned it was on Steam I had to have it on PC. Love the controls (i use a 360 controller), killing is fun and yet rewarding at the same time for being more skilled at kills and cutting the limbs from titans.It does feel a bit Dynasty Warriors-ish at times too, but that can't be helped. But that to me means it will be fun and fast paced and that it is.Bottom line, if you want a fast paced titan killing bloodbath get this game and quick before that sale is over! If you are fan and concerned you may not be skilled enough to play...just try it, the game is easy enough that most folks should be able to catch on to the combat mechanics. The game is also challenging enough at the same time for those concerned that it might be too easy...it really is a good job on the difficulty balance.Seriously though 11/10"
,Recommended,449800,25262112,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TY2k12G,"Bad port, but very fun game!Using a 4K TV, 4K isn't even supported, and the screen tearing is UNBELIEVABLE in full screen. Tried using Borderless gaming with my TV set to 1080p but BG doesn't even detect the game.  Tried overriding DX Vsync using RadeonPro but that doesn't fix it by any means.  Also tried lowering the FPS even down to 30 using RivaTuner but that just makes the tearing worse.  I don't notice the tearing very often when I'm actually playing missions but it gets annoying when I'm between missions upgrading items, etc.My 960m laptop has the tearing as well but it's not as bad.  Nvidia's force vsync setting didn't fix it either.  Though what's weird is that screen tearing on Optimus chips are usually diagonal.  These are horizontal like dedicated desktop tearing, most games won't even start on my laptop's Intel GPU anyway.If you're deciding to buy the game on a console, I HIGHLY recommend taking that route.  If you're stuck with PC, I would wait until either the devs or someone in the community fixes these issues.If you're having issues with wrong/missing button mappings, reinstall or try older drivers.  That fixed my wireless Xbox One adapter when USB wired and my wired 360 controller worked just fine."
,Recommended,449800,25261241,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Italia,"Such a fun game! Unfortuanetly, it took up a lot of space in my computer so I only put 74 minutes into it."
,Recommended,449800,25240515,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DeathShiva,"If you love Attack on Titan, you might love this game. I enjoy this game, but only AFTER I had to install XInput Plus and re-map the keys for this game. Apparently, this game is not compatible with any controllers EXCEPT for Xbox One controllers. I'm hoping they patch it so that it will be compatible with all controllers so people don't have to go through the process of downloading XInput Plus and re-mapping the keys. You can game using the keyboard, but it's a living nightmare in my opinion. I was about to get a refund had I not been able to set up XInput Plus."
,Recommended,449800,25263915,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,L3P3RM3SSI4H,"love this game runs butter smooth at 1080p, only had issues if i was running windows in a higher res then 1080 would get drops.. dont use compatability mode either no crashes etc havent played MP.. also turn refresh rate to 60 in and turn on v-sync in control panal or menuse are buggy games seems to be locked to 60 but menues are unlocked for some reasonspecsasus p8z77 mobo3570 no kgtx 107011hrs as of writting this"
76561197995328060,Recommended,449800,25417726,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,noble602,this it one of the best games i have played so far its a lot simpaler then the fan game and its a lot of fun I definetly recemend it.
76561198127517054,Recommended,449800,25387836,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Katasaura,ZOOMING AND SLASHING
,Recommended,449800,25386931,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Shyster Meister,"Pretty repetitive and very easy, but the mechanics look and feel nice so hey why not"
,Recommended,449800,25326537,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SIO117,"Amazing game. Was waiting for this one.Controlls can be a dodgy at times. But when you are a fan A O T and you can't get enough of slashing through titans. This is a solid buy.(First review, before the patch below. -This got fixed 09.09.2016-)Buying it though is a gamble.My xbox (native 360) controller works kinda half inverted and no actions on start or back keys. Arrow keys are remapped by the game itself to LT and stuff. Super weird.Also my keyboard isn't working proper. Instead of moving with WASD it moves my camera and i need to move with the arrowkeys. But it ain't like that in the settings.I'll keep this game and hope there will be a solution soon, because I really wanna play it.But sadly need to say. Keep your hard earned money.If you wanna bother with fixes. There are several topics on the steamforum. Some people fixed it by reinstalling controller drivers. Or using 3rd party software for remapping. Some fixed it by buying a new/old controller. Seems to be a revision thing maybe. So ye. Check the forums before you buy it. Maybe you can figure out if your controller will actually work before you buy the game.But ye. Can't recommned this at all."
76561198107806403,Recommended,449800,25391688,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,╬JaGwaR╬,goood i wait for this long time
,Recommended,449800,25207298,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Div,"Awesome feeling of 3D movement! However, way to easy. There is close to no challenge, even in the hardest missions in hard difficulty mode"
76561198301079212,Recommended,449800,25457405,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Xx_COLLOSSAL_xX,it is a great game and is fastly played howeveri would not recommend this game to a fps fan but for an anime fan this would be awesome!
,Recommended,449800,25444643,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kurosaki,"Problems solved. The game's not worth the price, though, specially if you're not familiar with Attack on Titan. Wait for a sale."
76561197971442822,Recommended,449800,25500953,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Spectre57,"Absolutely incredible game;really captures the ""Feel"" of the action."
,Recommended,449800,25501574,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FaZe SquirreL,"This game is boss, and is worth 60$ in my opinion. 10/10. The only thing better could be more missions in Attack Mode.If you think controls are horrible, press ESCAPE and then use your arrow keys to the Options > Settings > Controls > Button Mapping > Then you can change controls by hovering over the key you would like to change, press ENTER,press the key you want to change it to, then enter again. Then press escape and then go down to ""Apply Settings"" then there you go.Also, this game doesn't use a mouse at all, so all you need is your keyboard/controller to play. (I use a keyboard)"
,Recommended,449800,25489769,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ReignDarkness,"Let me start off by saying, £49.99! What! are you ♥♥♥♥ing high, well you must be since I saw your dlc which includes ""3!"" outfits for 5.99.... what? So I'll start this review by recommending,Wait until this game is a hellalot cheaper this game is not worth 49.99, but it is a solid £30.I have never watched AoT, I heard alot about it but never peaked my intrest, the game is made by the people whom made Dynasty Warriors, and I LOVE Dynasty Warrior games, even the spin offs like Hyperdimension Neptunia and Hyrule Warriors. And the story in this game is so intresting at the start, though admittidly it does start to lose me later on in the game when we go outside the walls.You will find a character you like, hopefully one that doesn't die, because yes. People die, ALOT. Think of it as Game Of Thrones but less about frozen ice zombies and more of giant naked people who want you inside them, and not in the fun way.Pros----------------------------.Gameplay is fast and chaotic, just how I like it.. Easy identifiable characters, you will find one whom is your favorite, I personally am a fan of Christa <3. The Single Player is about 10 Hours Long, however it doesn't stop as you have survey and expeditions as well as tasks to complete. I only just finished all of them around the 52 Hour mark. So worth the money so far. And I still got Hard mode to complete so I can aquire my final unlocks.. Multiplayer is how I wanted it, complete missions with friends. I was afraid that it was gunna be PvP, human vs Titan, while it woulda been intresting I prefer Co-Op way more in games.. A material and gathering system, cut off certain limbs to gain prizes to unlock and build better gear.. Voice acting is superb but no english dub, thank god!Cons------------------------------------------------.The Ai, is very dumb. In normal campaign the Titans will hardly ever attack you. God knows what it's like on easy. But it's fixed in hard mode.. Ai partners are dumb, it is notrious how bad escort missions are in games and AoT is noexception as ai have massive problems going in a STRAIGHT LINE! they often just stop in there tracts or start spinning in a circle until you either go away or push them, but sometimes you can't push them so good luck! One time in an escort, the ai just sat there the entire game not budging to the mark from 8 FEET AWAY.... 49.99 for this low effort garbage? No Thanks.. This isn't the games fault, but multiplayer is empty. I barely seen anyone streaming this game plus playing it.. THERE ARE NO MIC OPTIONS IN THIS GAME! WHAT!!!!! Basically the game will automatically force your mic on at all times kinda like the Kinect. So you will always be greeted by mouth breathing dribblies in Multiplayer matches, thier feedback in their game in the mic. It's so bad that as soon as I hear it, I'm out..Only 8 Playable characters... 8!!!? When Dynasty Warriors had like 50? And fully customizable with diffrent fighting styles with diffrent weapons. Here,.... nope, 8.... Character balance is poor leading to lobbies being filled with OP Levis and Mikasa's... Never seen a Hange or Armin.. The ""Support"" playable characters as I call them are trash, this includes Armin, Hange and Erwin, because they're whole gimmic is instead of when you attack everyone on you squad attacks at the same time doing massive damage.... you have to do it manually, one by one... wouldn't be a problem but most ai have♥♥♥♥♥♥poor damage. Water Pistols do more damage then these dopes. The only time supports shine is in hard mode..Ai characters on your team die easily and alot, not because they are having epic battles across the map, it's because anyone who can join your team JUST SITS THERE so titans can easily pick them up and one shot them.... what? I have never seen an AI take down a titan, NEVER! but I guess thats the point in a Dynastys Warriors game....No resonable rewards, NOT ONE GOOD COSTUME OR REWARD IN THIS GAME!!!. I spent 30 Hours doing the campaign and survey missions, All S, All Dires dead and what my reward!.... a Eren costume of him wearing a ♥♥♥♥ing casual shirt... jeeeeeez thanks game, sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo worthit... *sarcasm intersifies*..Taking off the jacket on the main uniform is NOT A Costume, A rubber duck tied around your waist, Horse Mask and a man kini is a costume... this... nah uh, guess your saving it for that over priced dlc eh? 5.99 for 3 medicre costumes... What is this, a mobile game?. YOU HAVE NO CONTROLL IN ""YOUR"" Lobbies in multiplayer as random players can change levels to what they want. Wanna play a nice and easy mission to get the materials you want? No, ♥♥♥♥ you lets play the hardest mission on hard mode with your bread stick swords... thanks.... Targetting is a mess and utter crap, an ally on your team got grabbed and have around 3-5 seconds to live or gameover.... goodluck because once you locked on to something it isn't locking off until its dead, if you do, good luck locking onto the right titan... Hell even attacking limbs can be a pain, especially against the big boss titans.. No emotes or steam trading cards.... wha???.Why is offline option even in the Expedition mode menu? It's basically Attack Mode lobby... Not only that BUT IT'S THE TOP OPTION? So you will constantly keep going into Offline and having to quit...Alot of these issues can be fixed. However I doubt they'll put the effort in. In my opinion through all it's faults, I still liked this game and multiplayer is fun when you don't get the mic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Story is engageing and thanks to the game, I probably will give the anime a go... only to find out what happens to my Christa Waifu~ :chocola:If I facter everything in, price, gameplay, pros, cons and personal experiance. I must give this game a 6/10, It is great but the price + the issues are too much. If the mic issues are fixed and price goes down, I would bump it up to a 8/10. However it is fairly average, I love it and will continue to play it and is a must try for you weebs out there. Those of you whom airn't, just try Dynasty Warriors, it is VASTLY SUPERIOR IN EVERYWAY!!!!."
76561198068215193,Recommended,449800,25475229,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,garsiv,the game freeze in the middle of story / combat and a pop up show that it stop working. anyone having a same issue?
,Recommended,449800,25474089,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hitlarious,"Very fun, and surprisingly well optimized considering that it's a port. Both looks and runs very nicely. Also has a fair amount of content for the price, including a ng+ mode, a full multiplayer co-op mode, and a list of achievements to earn."
,Recommended,449800,25293545,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Emiya Kiritsugu,"This game is a must buy if you are a AoT fan!It feels like playing the manga/anime.I have 20h played so far and not getting bored.I have no complaints, this game awesome!Some misc. stuff:Game plays amazing with steam controller. Check the community profiles!You have to limit the game to 60HZ or use VSync in order to have the main menu not bug out.It's just a minor inconvenience.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,449800,25233929,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,pyromilky,theres blood everywhere......
76561198031446573,Recommended,449800,25234127,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ortle,"This game really makes you feel like you are apart of the action in the Anime. The cutscenes mimic the show, while the in-between intermissions where you talk to other characters is mediocore, but the act of slaying Titans is quite exhilarating, especially if you are a fan of the show.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the show, and to those who are curious about the series."
76561198119297431,Recommended,449800,25234134,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bru,"I will keep it short.As fan of the anime series and the manga it was clear i will get this title.All good points have been pointed out by many other players so i will just put the two things that i personally miss here.Own character personalization (like in the 3DS game) and maybe a higher difficulty (feels quite easy as it is now - a tad too easy).For fans, get the title!The price? Well - gotta support anyone who makes those titles available overseas (20 years ago this would not have happend)Happy gaming"
,Recommended,449800,25250269,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stab .III/JG 52,"A perfect Time(Titan) KillerIt has a long campaign mode and alot of Expedition, but the gameplay could get boring after hours of gameplay. Set up ur own keybind when u using keyboard to get comfortable gameplay. Never been tried the mpOverall, I recommend this game"
,Recommended,449800,25173361,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Darktracer,If you're a fan of the anime I would recommend this game just be aware of some of the issues caused by the poor PS4 port.Pros:Story is told pretty well through dialog boxes and occasional cut-scenes.Gameplay is fun once you get the hang of it.Aside from some problems(see cons) the graphics are pretty accurate to the source material.Cons:Missing a V-Sync graphics option. (causes screen tearing)Resolution locked at 1080pControls for Xbox Controller are all ♥♥♥♥ed up.  Weirdly my Steam controller works really well with this game though.
76561198109529770,Recommended,449800,25181316,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,WeiXiong,Great game.
,Recommended,449800,25181476,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sushieggs,"Great gameplay.Camera needs work.Now only if it stop crashing at chapter 2, maybe Id be able to get to finish it."
,Recommended,449800,25181764,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Paradime0,"Great Gameplay, Camera needs to be smoothen and Insane combat interactivity"
76561198143928894,Recommended,449800,25186364,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tonyo Boeko,"JoyToKey is the program you need to download for XBox 360 controller users. Very simple to assign the letters on your keyboard to your right joystick on controller for the up, down, left and right Camera and Target Change directions (Both the same). Also assign the space bar to the start button so you can pause the game with controller. Everything else can be the same or adjusted in the game instead. Open the controls on the game menu while NOT in full screen and open JoyToKey next to it so you can see what keys on keyboard to assign to controller. When you press things on the controller the button commands light up on JoyToKey menu so you can see what button you are assigning the keyboard letters to. Also on JoyToKey Options where it says ""Stick\POV"" switch to ""Show all axes (8 way + POV x 2)"". someone told me that was good to do (May be important). Game Is A Blast!!!"
76561198105888391,Recommended,449800,25187099,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,steelguy25,"First impressions are great. No issues with FR or crashing and the Xbox controller works fine. As a fan of the anime they did a great job making the game very similar in events and look to the TV show. Basic game play. Kill titans until you need to resuply. Fun though. When I first watched the anime I said this would be a great idea for a game and it is. only complaint is camera can get sketchy in CQC. But other than that A great Hack and Slash. Large open maps are great fun. A little repetitive but thats in keeping with the anime. In the show they kill titans with some story inbetween. Same with this game. Story mode is great. Also side mission mode (unlocks in chapter 2) is super fun for leveling up, gaining cash and just causing all around mayhem through out the AOT world. If you love the Amine then its worth the 55$. If not maybe wait for a sale but the origional game mechanics are almost worth the 55$ stait up."
76561198276720107,Recommended,449800,25173276,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,weetard809,i really enjoy this game.
,Recommended,449800,25180555,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sossy Weab,"Thought to myself can KOEI make an attack on titan game?Yes they can, it's flashy, really captures the feel of the anime with the scale of the environments and enimies(it's a shame it doesnt have the original soundtrack)If you are considering buying this game, i'd recomend you have a controller since the M+K controls are hot garbage and make no use of the mouse.haven't had any issues with crashing so i cant say that there are any issues with the port other than the garbage M+K controls."
,Recommended,449800,25179677,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KindOfExcellent,"Awesome game but they need to iron out some severe flaws.Good/decent:-Gameplay-Story-GraphicsBad/annoying:-Crashes a lot with multiplayer-Right trigger doesn't work on my x-box controller, need to push P for that abilityI highly recommend the game, especialily if they fix the bugs.Currently it's 7.9/10"
76561198079438337,Recommended,449800,25181045,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Vinesy,"really enjoyed the anime, and really enjoy this game. i have the alienware 17i laptop and for some reason its running very sluggish even on the lowest graphic settings. the button mapping is all wrong even when im using a gamepad im still having problems learning how to play effectively. read alot of reviews that say they have non on the problems im having. can tell from my struggles that it will be a very fun game to play! the omni-directional gear reminds me of the classic spiderman games!"
,Recommended,449800,25174726,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DjTittyMilk,I like
,Recommended,449800,25174768,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Gamer86,"Very good game IMO. Smooth as butter, no technical issues to speak of. It's extremely fun to fly around on the Omni Gear. The game is a little on the easy side, but it's gotten a bit more challenging the further I get in.If you're an AOT fan, I think you would really enjoy this."
,Recommended,449800,25174776,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,슬라이드,"There are many problems due to the fact that it was just released today. First, they should allow us to change the cap of our FPS. I have my quality settings on low and it still lags. My graphics card is GeForce GT 630. Second, we should be allowed to use a mouse to rotate the camera and to attack if we don't have a controller so it's easier than using a keyboard. There are other problems that may not be listed here but overall this game is awesome."
76561198003260143,Recommended,449800,25174781,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nothu,It is a fine Game I'd recommend to anybody who knows the Series or just some fun Giant-Human-Murderfest.While the Gameplay isn't overly complex theres a certain Degree of Mastery to it.As a Note: most issues the Game has are either because you didnt switch to Winows 7 Mode (the Game even asks you to do it for you) and the Microphone beeing turned on/interacting with the Software (causing hardcrashes in Multiplayer)
76561198070792181,Recommended,449800,25175031,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TheBearded_1der,"There are definitely some controls that take getting used to and I can't even imagine using a keyboard with this instead of a controller. Overall it is very good. Follows the anime exactly and it's everything I had hoped and more. Be warned though, there is no dub track so if you don't like reading subtitles and are expecting the voices of the english voice actors, you are going to be disappointed."
,Recommended,449800,25173638,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kraly,Proskilling titansfeels like a dynaty warrior game just with lots of flying aroundfeels like the anime right down to the last letterconscontrols are alittle clunkyi dont now about me but multiplayer has not worked for me and keeps getting shutdown for meehter way its a good anime game to pick up if your a fan or just want to kill things8/10
76561198038511292,Recommended,449800,25173707,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Red shirt guy #12 - aka Steve,If you a fan of the anime and plan to use a controller pick up this game.PS enable v snyc in the nvidia control pannel
76561198075535790,Recommended,449800,25173769,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,bigfreight,"Running Windows 10 Anniversary with a GTX 970 and an i5, and it runs smooth but it tears constantly like toilet paper; forced v-sync through control panel fixes it.  I'm also using an Xbox One controller with the most recent driver update; wirelessly, it doesn't function properly; wired, it functions just fine.Other than that, pretty fun game."
,Recommended,449800,25173782,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,InfernalMudkip,"Perfect performance. Smooth 60 everywhere. Killing Titans is a thrill; even after killing a hundred, I look forward to the next time I'll slice another neck nape clean off. All in all, a great port that just needs a few more resolution options to be a perfect port. 9/10, highly recommended."
,Recommended,449800,25188896,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kashaadri,"REALLY FREAKING FUN! Good to play with a friend, needs some bug fixes for graphics I think and that sound bug. I'm a huge fan of Dynasty Warriors so, there's that and I love AOT."
76561198039226756,Recommended,449800,25189169,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,A4 Serenade,"Very fun hack and slash, and if you are a fan of the Anime then this game puts you right into it! It says ""full controller support"" but that isnt true. If you arent using an xbox360 controller than all of your buttons wont work. I use an XboxOne controller and the right trigger is the only button that doesnt work in game. This game is almost completely unplayable on Keyboard/Mouse. Im sure if you dedicated your life to mastering it, you may come close to looking like Armin when he first encountered a Titan. Combat may get stale for some but I enjoy all 7 hours of the single player. Most notable game to compare it too would be Hyrule Warriors for the Wii U. It has a slight Dynasty Warriors feel, but not as refined as it with its own style of combat and manuvering."
76561198004511290,Recommended,449800,25189669,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,gperuzzi,This game is absolutely amazing. Always wanted to kill TITANS XDThe only con that i can say now its the rotation of the camera.Highly recomended.Have fun :D
76561198019225086,Recommended,449800,25237393,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,rock-machine-666,After waiting for that game its here!And its not bad at all!Hell... i will say good!If u have watch the anime or read the manga you will recognize every moment in that game!The game lets you the feeling of being in that universe and thats why  i think that even if the game sometime can repet itself its becuse thats how the anime and manga goes!The controlls for the keyboard are broken so PLEASE PLEASE dont even try it...Jus use a steam controller or Microsoft's Xbox controller to have fun in that game!The graphics are not great but at the same time not bad!I recomend that game to every one who loves the universe of the franchise!
,Recommended,449800,25237745,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TheUndeadRobin,"This game is highly addictive, really well optimized, has really good graphics and even decent multiplayer. Would highly recommend to fans of the Anime and even people who aren't!"
,Recommended,449800,25232106,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,1 9 6 6,เกมฆ่าเวลาชั้นดีของเด็กหอ T T
,Recommended,449800,25198114,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,OneBananaTooFar,"Stays true to it's source material, Performance is spot on, amazing combat that brings your adrenaline up. If you've got a controller and a hunger for killing titans. go get it!"
,Recommended,449800,25207794,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SPIRITBEARD,"i didnt really get into the show at all, but this game is great reminds me of monster hunter kinda, also not sure if its my razer controller or the game but all my ayxb buttons are the wrong input but other than that its good fun just wish it was longer. heres to hoping they add the new season in when it comes out next year?"
76561198129952372,Recommended,449800,26340711,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FUBAR,When I play this game I lay back and listen to some banging tunes... When committing a genocide against large humanoids.10/10 would murder millions of giants again.
76561198316555416,Recommended,449800,26364475,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,suzlovesanimals13,"Very poor lag so, options to help:NvidiaLower quality in the game settingsHelped me and now running smooth as hell"
,Recommended,449800,26401826,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ZMo09,"Fantastic game!! I saw all the different AOT games out there, but this has been a head above the rest.The gameplay is very easy, but still makes you feel like a true titan slayer as you go throughout the levels.The only problem I saw with it is once you complete the main story line, you have to complete enough side missions to play the prologue story missions. The levels get very repetitive after a while, so if you space out your playing with other games or a day or two in between, its not so bad.If you are a fan of the series, I would highly, highly recommend this game."
76561198025650027,Recommended,449800,26381102,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,oOmarshOo™,A really fun game thats feels good to play ...most of the time. Would only recommend if you have a controller.
76561198278163472,Recommended,449800,26407496,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,-Madx,So hype game
,Recommended,449800,26412712,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Vulg,"If you can face up to the £49.99 price tag then fine you will not be disappointment however I treated myself.I would recommend using the Steam Controller as the QWERTY setup is do-able with some remapping but somewhat clunky.Overall it is great, mimics the AOT feel exactly.Technically can be a little uncomfortable when you face palm a building whilst flying around everywhere and you may find a FPS drop in some areas and some minor screen tearing but it isn't all the time.It has a great feel to it, it is a great game and it is fun to play, yes FUN."
,Recommended,449800,25522814,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BooDh1,Amazing Game !
76561198036231301,Recommended,449800,25507166,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Internet gaylord,"Love the game, havn't had this much fun swinging around since... yes, spiderman 2. Anyone who is a fan of the anime and manga will cream over this. Albiet a bit broken at the moment its a fantastic product."
,Recommended,449800,25534348,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,rokkshell,"Gotta say, this is one of the best mainstream anime games I've played. The controlls are working splendid. Some titans can sometime block your view, but you'll get away easily.It has a Spider-Man 2 feeling to it, which is nice. I'm going to make some pizza now."
76561198178907594,Recommended,449800,25537987,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Danteflax,Gets boring after a while but a lot of stuff to grind for and if you have a keyboard don't get this game unless you got a controller
76561198033907530,Recommended,449800,25328373,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Click Clack Cyka Bljad,"U know what ? I want ♥♥♥♥in levi´s prequel (""No regrets"") as add-on !!Overall i would rate this game 9/10 because of some lack of difficulty, rest is perfectly :)"
76561198027715984,Recommended,449800,25717603,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ruiqicn,"ProAwsome gameplay.Faithful to the A.O.T series including artstyle. Not as graphic though.Graphically stableDlc isnt cutting anything from the core game which is hard to say for so many games nowadays.ConA bit repetitve, but I never get tired of slicing Titans.Characters dont have enough significant difference.Again with the old maker of dynasty warrior, your basiclly the only person that can kill anything.Story isnt as in detail.Was not a huge fan of A.O.T but this game really got me pumped.Controller is heavily recommended."
,Recommended,449800,25781800,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Miimaster,"Attack on Titan is a pretty accurate adaption of the hit anime series of the same name... If you play with a controller. As a warning, Keyboards are just plain horrible when playing this game. The game follows the first season of the Anime with a very Koei Tecmo Dynasty Warriors feel. The ODM gear actually latches onto objects and is very fluent. Battles with Titans (while sorta glitchy in certain parts, are really fun and each of the different characters are awesome to play as. I would definitely recommend this to Attack on Titan Fans. One note for fans is that there is no English Dub for the voices, so if you were introduced to the series with the Dub, you will only have the original voices."
76561198107000125,Recommended,449800,25506196,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Nenen,"Love this game so much...eventhough it looks like repititive,it is a great game to kill your free time..searching for friends so I can play CO-OP"
,Recommended,449800,25506636,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,D.K.,This is one of the most satisfying and addicting games to come out this year. Even though the action is repetative it doesn't seem to get tiring.
,Recommended,449800,25442778,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,viewtifuljay,"I've got just under 4 hours in the game, most of it story mode, with a bit of time in the Survey mode.  I will say upfront that I'm a huge Attack on Titan fan, and that has a big impact on my enjoyment of the game - part of the appeal is zipping around on the omnidirectional maneuver gear and playing out events like the Battle of Trost.If I weren't a fan of the franchise, I would probably still be enjoyable for a bit, but very repetitive after a while.  Really, taking down titans is very simple in itself, but the challenge comes from trying to be as effecient with your kills as possible so you can get the best rankings.As many others have noted, playing this game without a controller is pretty much impossible.  Hopefully at some point they path in better keyboard/mouse support, but until that time, I'm playing this on my Steam Link with a controller, and everything works great.Overall, I definitely recommed this is you are a fan of AoT."
76561198072499014,Recommended,449800,25566110,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TheHornedOwl,"Other than the grind in-game, the story is great and follows the anime and manga. If you like the anime and manga or like great story-telling than this game i highly recommend."
,Recommended,449800,25541336,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ahikolight,"As for an A.O.T. fan such as myself, I was amazed that this game came out this good. The attack mode gives you a bit more insight to the combat side of the anime A.O.T. mostly in the Wings of Freedom campaign. The gameplay is just awesome as for mobility and attacking. The characters in the game are pretty much well fitted to their personality as you A.O.T. fans know Levi being the badass out of the group and Armen being weak but intellect in tactics. What mostly grab my attention to the game is the crafting and upgrading equipment. To be able to wield equipment with advantages and disadvantages really balance out the game to the point where it's really leads to playstyle of your choice rather then having an OP damage weapon that also has OP durability. The fps in this game kinda sucks as for a low-end computer, but I do hope the Devs can apply fixes to that. I would suggest if you buy this game to use a console remote because the key bindings can be a little tricky. Out of all honesty, I truely enjoy playing this game to the point I couldn't stop the storyline. The attack and mobility really unlocks a different gameplay to your orignal hack and slash. I would score this game as a 9/10 because the camera view kinda ticks off my gameplay and the fps does needs a little fixing. Join the Wings of Freedom friends ^__^!!!"
,Recommended,449800,25533364,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Just Another PunPun,"Definitely recommend for anyone that is a fan of the Attack on Titan Anime and a fan of Koei's Musou games. It's pretty much got what you want in a Attack on Titan game.Honestly it can get really repetitve and tedious if you're not use to Koei's Musou games. You latch onto a titan and fly away to cut that nape.  The different maps will make sure you're not too bored with the same scenario.  Some areas will require you to use a horse unless you want to burn all your gas just spamming the blast.  Special enemies will show up depending on the situation so you won't always fight the same dumb titan.For the price I would wait for a sale unless you're a die hard fan or just want to get your hands on it immediately like me.  Another note becareful as the game is known to not work for some people, but don't let that stop you from getting it at a cheaper price later, see if it works for you. If not just refund it, simple.Game runs fine for me haven't encountered a problem, only slight bother is the camera moves on it's own sometimes but not enough to ruin my experience.10 playable charactersTons of different weapons and gears to customize your experienceExtra side missions to play with friends"
76561198028380940,Recommended,449800,25396631,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Fortune,">>>***CONTROLLER REQUIRED*** <<<Game is fantastic for fans of the series, but developers gave 0 effort into PC playability.  No mouse support, terrible keybinding, game always references controller keys for tutorial etc. even with no controller present.  Plays fantastic on a controller, completely unplayable with keyboard and mouse.+ so fun, fast paced combat+ authentic visuals, voice acting, story+ multiplayer co-op is a blast+ ODM movement and combat is true to the series, executed so well+ hold-your-breath tension moments, running out of gas or dodging through crowded enemies- low difficulty- those unfamiliar with the series will likely find it somewhat shallow on content-mutiplayer currently contains no way to disable in-game VOIP, or even push to talkOverall: fans will love it now.  Newcomers to the source material will probably like it on sale."
,Recommended,449800,25435870,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Plagen,"The game is awesome. And considering I thought the show was kind of dumb considering how whiny all of the characters were, that's saying something. The game cuts out most of the crybaby stuff in cutscenes and lets you delve into the action. You can even skip the cutscenes, if you want to.It is Dynasty Warriors(ish), at least in my opinion. Lots of things to kill, hero characters to choose from, etc. The combat is vastly different, however, but quite enjoyable.Flying around the map with the omni-directional gear is amazing, and once you kno what you are doing you can take out titans in the blink of an eye. Most of the missions take me 5-10min to complete, that is including me killing every single Titan and doing every single side quest.But, the gameplay can get repetitive. Personally, I like flying around killing titans, so I am good. But I can see how it would get repetitive.I should also add, I am not done with all of the game's missions yet, despite being 15.2hrs in.Lastly, if you are planning on playing with a Keyboard & Mouse, rethink that. At the time of this review, you can't use a mouse. Meaning, all of your movement, actions, and camera work is done via the keyboard. It gets to be a bit of a pain. A controller is definately a must."
76561198037663467,Recommended,449800,25435900,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"This is a great game that ties into the show very well. It is somewhat repetitive after a while, but that is they whole point... they kill hundreds of titans in the show. But continuing to play does not feel like a chore as you continuously unlock new skills and equipment to make it a different experience. Definitely one of the best 3rd person adventure-type games I've played, and with all the feelz of the show. THE CONTROL SCHEME IS ALSO AWESOME AND YOU GET TO FLY THROUGH THE AIR WITH OMNIDIRECTIONAL GEAR."
76561198103004060,Recommended,449800,25429834,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,EternalHelixᴹᴾ,"First of all this game is amazing for anyone who is a fan of either the manga or the animated series.So... After all this wait it finally released. And if your looking for a titan killing experience and want to slaughter titans one by one then this is definitely the game for you. However some people have said that this game gets repetetive, and yeah it tends to get a little repetetive this game is still a load of fun to play (if it were THAT repetetive I would'nt have completed the entire game). So what do you do after the ''main story'' you ask? Well you can always replay the missions to try and get a better ranking or you can play survey missions (NOTE: you can always play the survey missions even during the campaign). During a survey mission you can either just try to achieve the highest score or you can achieve the dire subjugations. In order to get the dire subjugations you have to complete the special missions (you can look at them in the pause menu during the actual mission, most of the time it's complete all the side missions and kill 20 or more titans,). There is also a multiplayer to this game! Overall this game is great and you should buy it. However I think this game should've been a 30 euro game and not a 60 euro one. Anyways regarding the DLC it's nothing really worth buying all you get are a few costumes for certain characters and a few weapons. If you really want to give this game a shot I would say to go for it as it's a entertaining game even after the main story."
,Recommended,449800,25200241,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Val,Better now <3
,Recommended,449800,25662365,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Butterman2398,"Ok great game in general, the combat system is fluid, but the final boss. Spoilers ahead just an fyi, but if you can stun lock the final boss its not much of a fight. Also I would expect annie to be more agressive as compared to just sitting there."
,Recommended,449800,25267493,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,GameOverPoi,"its a great game, its gameplay are spot on. But there are some mini bugs issues, but duable"
,Recommended,449800,25574949,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kame,"So the worst thing about this game is the fact you won't learn anything new about the lore of the world, so if you seen the anime, you just gonna repeat the story.And that's it for the Cons :) I mean there are some minor bugs as titans stuck into buildings etc. but it doesn't break the feeling of awesomeness of the entire game.- Gameplay is addicting as drugs.- You feel like a badass killing titans.- Music is just epic, like in the anime.Anime lover shoud by this game instantly, really.Oh yeah it costs 60 euro...but lasts for 30h minimum."
76561198040640081,Recommended,449800,25960407,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Caged Sun,Great game. If you are a fan of the anime you will love it. a hack'n'slash with Goals you have an option to do
76561198066787229,Recommended,449800,27344421,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lightningburrito,This game is insane! Its a crazy journey of intense fighting and flying through the air all with that japanese nostalgia from the anime! Defintley a game worth the money!
76561198277314620,Recommended,449800,25346027,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,TCO,"Very nice looking game, although if u want to play this u really need the steam controller, but if you dont want to do that then ur better off just buying it for PS4. (fyi, i havent bought the steam controller yet. But it seems like its the easiest and the best way to play)"
76561198128293324,Recommended,449800,25198878,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,StorminMormon,"This game suffers from some Tearing but besides that it's amazing. I guess the animation quality was at times mediocre but it was good for the most part. The Controls work once you rebind them, even if you play on keyboard. It's pretty fun.Buy this game if you are a fan. It's worth every penny.がんばって！"
,Recommended,449800,25238335,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,LordPrayerRug,This game is AWESOME. I have to say they made the controlls for this super simple and fluid if your on a controller. now there are reported issues with keyboard controls. There is also a lack of settings and a few other things. But over all it works amazingly.
,Recommended,449800,25318010,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Void,"Only wanted one thing, to fly like a badass, and this game fullfills it.Great game. Complete recommendation."
,Recommended,449800,26240288,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Joey Estacado,"This game is great, Swinging from ODMs is really fun. The story is great, graphics are amazing on pc. frame rate never dipped was a solid 60 but it would have been cool to unlock the FR to higher. After a while the game gets very samey over time and is best played in 1 to 2 hour sessions. Good stuff."
,Recommended,449800,27975209,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,diggiratina,"I think this is a great game for people who enjoyed the anime. Yes, there is a few graphical issues here and there in the cutscenes. At least it has cutscenes. I experienced one bug with the save system but nothing game breaking. I use a keyboard when I play and found the button binding system relatively easy. Overall. Good game. I also recomend getting it on sale."
76561198062822106,Recommended,449800,27751658,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Solid Snack,Wrangling big people simulator
76561198015520440,Recommended,449800,27722984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ace,"Seriously loving this game. The gameplay is fast paced and fun. The omni directional movement is exactly how I would want it to be in a game. It should be noted that I am using a controller to play and have had a couple issues. When first booting up the game my controller didn't work but a simple restart of the game fixed that. I have had a couple times where a button, although pressed, would not activate the ablilty in game. It seemed to have fixed itself later on but my work around was pressing the keyboard keybind for that ability ( which would have sucked if it was an ability that was used very often) I have yet to encounter any crashes.The squad mechanic where you enlist allies to your group throughout the battle is alright and I did see my allies attacking and sometimes kill titans. I kinda wished there was a bond system where ally effectiveness would be improved based on how many times you pair up with them. I want something more from the squad mechanic in single player but perhaps I'm being too picky.In terms of side missions ( scout missions I think they are called ) I do enjoy them but I wish there was some more variation on the type of mission.+Fast paced game play+True in style to the anime+Pretty much follows the anime+coop+Impactful gear and upgrading system (really makes you want to upgrade as much as you can and you really look forward to the next enchancment)-Controller issues-Side missions are a bit repetitive-No higher resolution than 1080p (minor issue but noteworthy)I have yet to play on hard difficulty but for now I will say that there is not a sense of fear from possibly dying. The game has more of a feel like dynasty warriors does at times. Just go around and f*** everything up! Which I love. However, since the anime had such a hopeless and fearful factor to it I feel as though the game should try to replicated that. I'm still not going to fault the game on this though because clearly the dev team wanted something fast paced where the player feels powerful and they hit the nail on the head.8.5/10"
,Recommended,449800,27883779,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AlextheGreat,"Havn't played a koei game since PS2 so maybe thats why I enjoyed it so much,Personally I like the movement style using the ODM gear however wish the titans were tougher with varying weak points say like SotC also feel the game needs more complex fighting techniques rather than just spam the attack button,Havn't had any crashes or bugs a few cut scenes have the odd texture/mesh but overall i can reccomend this game to someone who wants something different yet simple and easy to play to just unwind."
,Recommended,449800,27887736,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Synedriel,"Was a little buggy at first, but overall, it's a totally amazing game! The art style is really cool and it makes you feel like your actually in the scout regiment.  100% worth the money!"
,Recommended,449800,27892526,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,buddybthree,This game is Awesome! fast paced and true to the series
,Recommended,449800,27960747,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DimDito,"Some suggestions from yours truly! <3- Try to purchase on a discount.I don't think its content justifies its full retail price.- Don't go into this game without already being familiar with the manga/anime.- Play on hard.The game poses no challenge otherwise.- Play with a gamepad.Its keyboard controls are very counter-intuitiveFortunately, I've yet to encounter any game-breaking bugs, having finished the Attack Mode (solo campaign). The game very rarely stutters, though I've experienced flickering shadows & textures and occasionally wonky physics when it gets chaotic--what with all the epileptic titans and all. The game also doesn't have VSync, so there's pretty visible tearing. That's pretty much it, it runs decent enough that I don't find any technical/port issues particularly bothersome.I haven't read SnK for more than a year, so it was pretty nice seeing some familiar faces again in glorious 3D and particle effects. That said, the game omits a LOT from its source material, albeit with a few original dialogue and additional scenes. This game should NOT be your entry point to the SnK universe, and it's probably better if you know the story beforehand, then treat this game as an expansion to it especially during the battle sequences. Some scenes they recreated didn't feel as epic partly since they couldn't render a larger crowd or a larger cityscape, but I'd be lying if I said there weren't ones that look BADASS with the ingame engine, particularly the ones involving human titans.Quite a lot of people have issues with the repetitive gameplay. It honestly is, though never to the point of tedious, mainly because I was always driven by the fact that I could play better; fly smoother, do things much faster, slaughter titans more efficiently and be even more aware of my surroundings. By the end I could slaughter about 35 titans in 5 mins on Hard but I'm still itching to go faster. The context and characters that populate each battle, as well as the varying sceneries and obstacles keep it fresh enough for each expedition to not really feel dull. There are undoubtedly some under-implemented game mechanics like the cannons or the trading system in general, or half your battle inventory, that doesn't really give you that much incentive. I suppose the reason why expeditions would feel so repetitive is because the easiest way to breeze through them is to just disregard any strategic factor and plow through all titans of any kind with brute force i.e. Levi's satanic fast (not to mention painful) cuts.I'm still biased though. I love the SnK universe even if it's just one giant Shonen trope. I got goosebumps the momentI got hold of Titan Eren, encountered Titan Annie, and quite a lot of other scenes with the Scouting Legion.I loved soaring around with the ODMG and interacting with the characters in a simulated environment. Half the enjoyment was me just roleplaying, but is that not the point?tl;drANYWAY, nice game. Decent port, good visual integrity, good music, very flawed gameplay mechanics, occasionally faulty physics engine, pretty overpriced, but--thankfully--true enough to the source material, and is pretty damn awesome."
76561198320667692,Recommended,449800,25232272,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,demonksa70,This game cool
,Recommended,449800,25274167,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,"Senpai ""NiGHTS"" Kurai","Great game, portrays the story of the anime/manga almost perfectly. 9/10 because Erin has killed more titans than he did in the anime/manga, completely unrealistic to the story."
,Recommended,449800,28583946,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dactyl,"Considering this game was made under the KOEI wing, it's an incredibly fun adapatation of the ""Dynasty"" titles... a little sparce for different content or battle schemes... but that's the model of dynasty games.. it's a fun and rewarding grind.  This game features the awesome cast with very cool and differing abilties.  If you're a fan of the dynasty titles and more importantly AoT this game is for you!!!"
76561198105269422,Recommended,449800,28089619,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bloodyhand43,"I love this game. Just like the anime, but there were things that they had to add for the game aspect. Very eye opener for me. I definitely recommend this game. Hope it helps."
,Recommended,449800,28256943,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Shlepky,"Amazing story telling, the game follows the story of the anime (duh) with nice flow, no clunky interactions."
,Recommended,449800,28251777,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,XMVF,家エエエエエエエエエエガアアアアアアアアア！！！
,Recommended,449800,28300087,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Terasadon,"This game is wonderful. As a fan of the anime, this is just another addon to the amazing which is the franchise. Gameplay can be repetitive ( due to the limited amount of maps ) but it isnt too bad. It makes up for everything in the combat mechanics. If you get tired of playing alone on the missions just go online and have other real players play with you! If you don't fight you can never win."
,Recommended,449800,28833435,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Venon Roche,i think this is nice game i ever play.But it hard to control just a little bit hehe.
,Recommended,449800,29060396,Posted: 6 January,all,Asa34,"Game is fine. Got it in sale. For ppl who like to grind its perfect (I like grinding).BUT why the f*** do i have to buy a complete 40€ costume DLC Pack if I just want toget a 0,99€ costume for Mikasa...PS: I saw in the description of the package that you DONT get the Mikasa costume if you buy the package"
76561198344131264,Recommended,449800,28956800,Posted: 2 January,all,Obsidians Fire,I need new pants. I peed. 8.5/10
,Recommended,449800,28893310,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hanji Zoë,"I am a very big fan of the anime and manga, and i'm very pleased that this game captured everything almost perfectly, If they added the ORIGINAL OST that'd be great, for me the game runs fine, no lag or anything, I don't know what all these other reviews complaining about it are, I bought this on the winter sale, and personally I would not buy it if it was 60$ I'd get it on that certain website we all know. But 35$ is completely worth it imo."
,Recommended,449800,28885784,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tavictus,the game feels really good and i enjoy every minute of it.
,Recommended,449800,28907500,Posted: 1 January,all,Organic Matter,"I watched the show and thought it was cool, but this game is on another level of cool!the gameplay can be repetative but it's still hella fun. im ain't no weeaboo but this game is fun as hell.7\10"
76561198119974577,Recommended,449800,28843245,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,F.T.D,"Hack and slash? Checked.Great game Mechanism? Checked.Anime? Checked.Pros:-Smooth gameplay-Surfing in and out of battle and killing Titans is easy once you get the hang of it.-Love the battle mechanismCons:-With such a great game, there is little to none mutiplayer out there which is a bummer.-Repetitive gameplay (grinding involved)-Limited playable character-The price is expensive without the sale-Story is to shortOverall is a good game which worth the play. It has a lot of potential to expand their online community."
,Not Recommended,449800,29974786,Posted: 16 February,all,That1Guy,"This game has not been converted to PC rather it is a direct console port, do not recommend unless you have a controller ready to go."
,Recommended,449800,30086898,Posted: 21 February,all,RektrobotYT,I Love the game the story is good and the gameplay is a 9/10 sadly it is short and hopefully they make a second when and if season 2 A.O.T. comes out
,Recommended,449800,29432863,Posted: 22 January,all,mo1016,Grindy but really fun! Not many games can pull that off. Fav game from Omega Force.
76561198044782574,Recommended,449800,30016796,Posted: 18 February,all,AttestedThreat,"10/10 Would make the same unoriginal, irrelevant, tired♥♥♥♥♥""joke"" from pre-2010 again!But in all seriousness, if you enjoy AoT, like Dynasty Warrior-style games, or have an itch for a departure from your normal hackn' slash action games it's definitely worth a buy.  I'd recommend playing it in sessions of 1-2 hrs each to avoid having the combat/movement system losing its sheen and growing dull.Honest opinion as a player that meets the above criteria, solid 8/10.  Minor complaints about materials aquisition and being forced to occasionally play as a super-boring character (I'm looking at you Armin...), but overall it's a nice change of pace from KOEI's more standard offerings."
76561198111960406,Recommended,449800,29999285,Posted: 17 February,all,AreTrapsGay?,didnt realize i needed a crontroller well im dumb...
,Not Recommended,449800,25191304,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,existential dread,"Doesn't support 1080p, completely unacceptable for 2017. Frequently doesn't work with an Xbox controller, and terrible PC controls."
76561197969395185,Recommended,449800,29986764,Posted: 17 February,all,Rakjavik,"It tells the story of the first season of AOT very well. The combat is extremely addicting and fun. So basically, if you're looking for a game that tells a good story, and has the same type of combat throughout, it's a win win."
,Recommended,449800,29984848,Posted: 17 February,all,Zed1406,great game even great if you watch it anime shingeki no kyojin (aka attack of titan)great gameplay and combat system (only if you got joystick/console controller tho)
76561198261894704,Recommended,449800,29956444,Posted: 15 February,all,dat boi sketchek,its hard to learn on keyboard but with a remote its really fun you can play all the chacters that i rember you go through the orginal story with side missions and their parts not from the anime i personal thinks the cutscenes are okay the grapics for them are good but my Computer the words dont match up with movements of the mouth. Some other things is that ypu can play online or offline with bots. overall i say its Very good it crashes a lot on my computer but thats probaly only mine.
,Recommended,449800,29958056,Posted: 16 February,all,Ni Yêu,NICE XD
,Recommended,449800,29958366,Posted: 16 February,all,ThePatient79,good
76561198127324892,Recommended,449800,30703915,Posted: 24 March,all,Jack Devlin,Its a great game that you can sink hundreds of hours into and the story was interesting and it controls well but can fall apart at some areas the epilogue looses steam fast because of the slow progression in it but overall a great game that made me want to watch the anime
76561198260050478,Recommended,449800,29554045,Posted: 28 January,all,RD_littlechi,"This game is so good,but the bugs......nevermind."
,Recommended,449800,29910432,Posted: 13 February,all,Unbe,"It's best to start off with Expedition Mode, to:A. Learn your way aroundB. Get your skills up and learn the mechanicsC. Get new gearDoing these before Attack Mode will help you out a lot in the long run."
,Not Recommended,449800,29935960,Posted: 14 February,all,Cloudcry,"Game is very fun, if guilty of a bit of hand-holding.HOWEVER: The game crashes, without fail, somewhere in the very last phase of the second mission. You then have to replay the whole thing from the very start, as there is no save option or autosave feature until you complete it. After the third time consecutively crashing at the boss fight and restarting entirely, I was finished. I have a very capable computer and am dissapointed. I cannot play this game, and I really would like to. But it's incredibly frustrating to keep trying to brute force through the crashing at the same point, without fail."
76561198039261122,Recommended,449800,29946428,Posted: 15 February,all,Zeddler,Sie sind das Essen und wir sind die Jäger!
,Recommended,449800,29913602,Posted: 13 February,all,Linciano,"This Game is awesome.First of all, i played with controller and didn't even tried the keyboard, because it seems to be pretty difficult to play with keyboard since the game doesn't support your mouse at all. So ihighly recommend the usage of a controller.The Gameplay is great, it is so much fun to play the story, especialy if you saw the Anime before. The controls are very easy to learn and master and attacking Titans is just Fun.My Game crashed once as i started it for the first time, but after that it never crashed again. And i don't even hit the minimum requirements with my Pc. It works fluently, without lags or endless loading screens.Even after you're done with the story you can still do missions, play with friends, explore the A.O.T. world and upgrade your gear. I don't think that it'll become boring anytime soon."
76561198089825332,Recommended,449800,29921868,Posted: 14 February,all,Mr. Anderson,If you love the anime you will enjoy the hell out of this game.There is a ton of customization too.10/10
76561198064055252,Recommended,449800,29925146,Posted: 14 February,all,BuSterShot,The game had lots of perfermance issue on Laptops .Got 2Gb Gtx 850m Navidiawindows 10I & 2.33ghz
,Recommended,449800,29931640,Posted: 14 February,all,U mess with crabo u get a stabo,Playing this game of Spider men/women vs. Godzilla never gets old.
76561198043662701,Recommended,449800,29932846,Posted: 14 February,all,Antares,"TL;DR: Good fun, can get repitive, ai is a bit buggy, characters feel the same with the exception of Eren who can go Titan. Some issues with the camera, doesn't have the OST from the anime, multiplayer is usually empty, good for a bit of dumb and senseless fun in short bursts, if you're into over the top games though I'd probably recommend Earth Defense Force instead.---Fun game if you're looking for a bit of dumb fun and are a fan of the series, it does sometimes feel like one of those games where you need to use your imagination to add depth/narrative that doesn't feel present in the game. Otherwise it's:• lacking in depth compared to other musou style games• Combat can get repetitive• With the exception of Eren who can transform into a titan, pretty much all of the characters play the same• Titans will sometimes glitch through trees which can make targetting them a bit difficult• Camera bugs out at times when there are lots of titans on screen, makes targetting specific titans to save allies near    impossible• You'll sometimes find allies just sitting on their horses ignoring titans that are directly on top of them, kinda ruins immersion• Soundtrack isn't from the anime, but does make a good attempt at sounding similar to it, personally I don't feel it's as good (comes down to preference really)• Multiplayer is pretty dead, I'll sometimes come across one or two games if I am lucky"
,Recommended,449800,32895709,Posted: 27 June,all,Coletin,"Decent gameplay, it follows the story of the anime/manga. 7/10"
76561198180481187,Recommended,449800,32261835,Posted: 7 June,all,dogeking,dis game fun boi. attack mode is practice. true attack mode. i had to play in a way that i could keep the battle sigil thing going the entire mission to make it easy.
76561198004191918,Recommended,449800,32271709,Posted: 8 June,all,Noctis Fox,"Are you just a bit into AOT, this is the game for you!You feel like a total badass when you blast through the environment with your ODM-gear.Price is a bit steep, but if you can afford it, it is worth playing."
76561198038934752,Recommended,449800,32631764,Posted: 21 June,all,[EBK] Scooby-Doo,"Dynasty warriors, pirate warriors, even hyrule warriors. this is just another skin of those same games... but its still so much fun to play, maybe because I watch the show, IDK. But whats important is: KILL EM ALL. SAVE HUMANITY. or something like that, either way its great fun"
,Recommended,449800,30060683,Posted: 20 February,all,ImmortalHDGames,Worth the money IMO
,Recommended,449800,30046052,Posted: 19 February,all,ch,cool game but gamplay is laking wish it took more skill and acurccy when it came to flying arround and killing titans like in the tribute game by fang
,Recommended,449800,29965971,Posted: 16 February,all,Freddie CS.MONEY,Great game if you liked the show the combot system is fun and keeps you busy for at least 50 hours if you like hack n slash like games. The only mature downside of the game is that you have to pay it with a controller because there is no mause input avaible. You can play with tastatur only but the camera movement is very weird so i defenitly recommend controller.
76561198314195295,Recommended,449800,30023224,Posted: 18 February,all,MLG Baseball,So good m8! :3
,Recommended,449800,25325238,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Marionette,"Attack on Titan Wings of Freedom is an odd beast, but a strangely compelling one in many regards. It's a title that sits in the 'thoroughly decent' level of quality, lacking AAA polish, but it's still meatier than many small studio products; for what it is, the game is quite engaging an entertaining. One caveat though, I'm a big Musou fan and I don't mind the license material, so that colours my perception a bit (the former was the more significant factor in my purchase).As for the game itself, it's a merging of many of the recent engine advancements made by Omega Force (as a result of titles like Hyrule Warriors, Arslan and Pirate Warriors 3) and the Platinum-style character action games. Consequently, there's still some of the hack and slash core gameplay, but it's more based around dynamic movement and movement choices than the average Musou title. Or rather, the same repetition is still there, but it's based more around sudden, fast-paced movement and timing of individual attacks vs. endless attacks against the enemy hordes. It's nowhere near as deep as a Platinum game, but it still manages to strike that dynamic feeling that's pretty damn fun. You will however, require a controller, as the title was built for it.In terms of modes and character selection, this is on the lower end of Omega Force games, as the title is divided into the Story and Free/Mission modes only. Likewise, the playable cast just breaches double digits and is focused mainly around core characters and fan favourites; that being said, each character has their set abilities, stats and attributes, which avoids the Musou game curse of same-y characters in larger rosters (to the extent of each character feeling fairly different in practice, even if the move set is the same for the most part). The Story/Attack mode follows the general plot of the franchise, but fluctuates between breezing through parts to spending a great deal of time with others. The presentation of the darker/more violent material also varies a great deal, as earlier graphic scenes are obscured by camera angle choices, but scenes like the forest fight with a certain Titan are left to display their full brutality. Whereas the Mission/Expedition mode and Survey missions attached to the Story are a nice little distraction that play like something between the standard Musou mission mode and a bit like an Empires release. While the extra missions aren't that necessary in the early part of the game, as the forest missions approached, the extra experience and weapon parts (for a fairly significant crafting system) became far more necessary (to the extent that I had to grind a little with one weaker character for a few missions on Normal). Around the forest arc is also where the difficulty amps up a deal; I've yet to experience the missions after it, but I expect a similar jump.All in all, it presents a good range of content, but it feels a bit scaled back in some regards, possibly due to the fact that the series is still ongoing. Technically, there were a few frame drops on missions with certain destructable terrain, but it has remained smooth for me fairly consisently and the program has been stable. Like many Musou titles, it's best enjoyed in short bursts, but these bursts have been thoroughly entertaining so far.So, if the franchise is something you're into, or if you're a Musou/Warriors fan (or both, maybe), be sure to give this one a look. The same issues of repetition inherent in Omega Force's design philosophy are still there, but this is a solid entry for them that does something a little different, and that goes a long way."
76561198331896513,Recommended,449800,29879805,Posted: 12 February,all,[DEAF] lK lE A T O lN,Freaking amazing game. If you havent watch tv show yet. you should watch it first before play this!
76561198350670463,Recommended,449800,32385635,Posted: 13 June,all,tokiskitty,It's like an active version of the TV show but with more titan killing
,Recommended,449800,31738037,Posted: 13 May,all,geremachek2,Great game! If you like beat em' up style games or just action games in general this game is for you! I've watched the anime and the games story is a great adaptation of it! So overall great game. some minnor graphical bugs but the great gameplay makes up for that!
,Recommended,449800,32580205,Posted: 19 June,all,I'M GONNA EAT YA,The sound that plays from having no gas still echoes in my ear 3 days after playing
,Recommended,449800,32655919,Posted: 22 June,all,felix.qiangfu,very good
76561198078576779,Recommended,449800,32702276,Posted: 23 June,all,Sub Rosa,This game was an amazing experience from what I have played so far. I recommend it to an of the AOT fans who wish to play this as well. The only extra thing I would enjoy is a two player mode where people could compete on how many titans were slain
,Recommended,449800,32738171,Posted: 24 June,all,Vristzメ,Nice Story and Good Gameplay
,Not Recommended,449800,32739073,Posted: 24 June,all,Saint [TEC] Walker,"Promising game, poorly executed.At launch the game will request that you run the game in Windows 7 Compatability Mode because being in Windows 10 or 8 might impact performance. Cool, no problem, probably just an inexperienced developer. Unfortunately what this also does is kill any exterior program i've found for pairing controllers to games, including and not limited to Big Picture - the only way you can use a Steam Controller.""Okay so why not just use Mouse and Keyboard?""Because at no point anywhere in the game are prompts, tutorials, or any kind of control display does the game display keyboard controls. You either use a controller, or you mash buttons furiously hoping to hit the one the game's about to punish you for not hitting in time.This is all compounded by the additional issue that the game's fairly poorly optimized, regardless of Windows 7, 8, or 10.Not to mention all menu navigation must be done with the arrow keys and enter. No mouse controls, no alternate inputs.All in all if this was created by a more competant game dev who understood the first basic principles of a PC port, then i'd probably be able to tell you about the great gameplay and action that surely exist somewhere in here."
,Recommended,449800,32904865,Posted: 27 June,all,Shiftythehub,"This game is honestly great. It would have been extremely easy for the combat within this game to have been done awfully, but the combat does a great job of giving a feel of what the fighting is like in the show. You get to play as several characters from the show and kill a bunch of titans. What's not to like?"
76561198086920819,Recommended,449800,33042458,Posted: 30 June,all,Memeieu,"In a survey mission:""Erwin needs help""*Slowly makes way towards Erwin""Christa needs help""*Subjugates ten titans within 30 seconds to reach herGood gameChrista/10"
,Recommended,449800,33021728,Posted: 29 June,all,AuroraAri,"I bought this game because I'm a fan of the anime/manga series, pretty much sight unseen. I had absolutely no expectations going in. I am absolutely blown away by how well this game manages to present itself and feel. They really nail flying through the air using the ODM Gear, and the fact that the game uses the same voice actors is amazing. I highly recommend that you give this game a shot."
,Recommended,449800,32981365,Posted: 29 June,all,Phelion,It is the best Spider-Man game I've played so far.
76561198390364257,Recommended,449800,32841371,Posted: 26 June,all,waterau2012,"Good gameplay and storyline. However, it is not suitable to play with keyboard. Suggest people who has controller to play only,If the tips come with keyboard keys will be much better."
76561198314443985,Recommended,449800,33115916,Posted: 1 July,all,Savage Exorcist,lit
,Recommended,449800,33128791,Posted: 2 July,all,WillDaBeard,"If Titans freak you out like they do me, then you'll get a lot of satisfaction out of slicing the ever loving crap out of them in this game. But really, the game is pretty damn fun and addictive once you get the hang of it. The game can be mildly glitchy at times and the graphics are nothing to write home about but it's not even close to a deal breaker, just worth pointing out.I will say that if you're a hardcore gamer, the normal mode might be too easy for you, but if you're a beta ♥♥♥♥♥ like me, it'll be just the right amount of difficulty to keep it challenging but not impossible. I have the most fun in the survey and expedition modes, but the story mode is also a lot of fun too. If you want to get a quick recap of the first season before moving on to the second season this is a good way to do it, but you should actually watch the first season yourself as the game glosses over a lot of details.Huge thumbs up on this one, highly recommended to any fan of the series and I really hope they make a sequel."
,Recommended,449800,33144677,Posted: 2 July,all,♛Link-senpai ❤,I liked this game a lot. Just played through the main story of the first season last week and as an AOT and Anime fan I loved it. I got flashbacks to the anime and had sooo much fun playing parts of the story myself. Although there are still bugs and some things that fustrate you f.e. if the last boss for that stage shows up and you dont have an old driver the game crashes. It is not the perfect game but I loved it regardless I could life with its flaws and was overhyped hahaha and the hype for it was worth it when I bought it because it was awesome. It even got me into the anime games scene now and I appreciate that a lot.So GJ boys for making uns such a great game and I would recommend it to every anime fan or at least those who like AOT :D if you dont like AOT that much still give it a try because the game itself is awesome
,Recommended,449800,33169219,Posted: 2 July,all,Ricky Rudges,no one is ever online
76561198340053004,Recommended,449800,26304961,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Maxthekawaiiwolf,i can't play the game help
,Recommended,449800,31575770,Posted: 6 May,all,Dorothy,ABSOLUTE LOVE THIS GAME <3if possible can we have all other character a costume too beside the 4 main character? i would like a costume for christa <3
,Recommended,449800,26425294,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Somebody,"Really good game. Only issue is that sometimes the game doesn't respond to RT on my controller to initiate a decisive battle signal. other than that its fun.Edit: Lately RT has been working so far ( don't know how but whatever) I ended up playing the game a LOT more. I went through the main story not even using decisive battle signals but now tat the game responds to RT on my controller, i can do the missions in the game. Its really fun there's a lot in this game.BTW I recommend this to anime/manga fans mainly because its obviously based on the manga/anime and the cut scenes in the game isn't a spoiler to them.I HIGHLY recommend a controller. Its just easier."
,Recommended,449800,31836176,Posted: 19 May,all,kvcheli | lft 6s pyro,is oki
,Recommended,449800,31869679,Posted: 20 May,all,Fitzy,Do you like either the manga or the anime?If you answered yes then you should get this game! The game brings the dream of being a soldier in the Survey Corps/Training Corps to reality as you can zip around with the 3DMG slicing napes. It's not without it's cons but the pros far outweigh them.-Game is 10000x easier with a controller.-You may need to force VSync due to some screen tearing.-100%ing this game is a F**king grind.-SUPER ♥♥♥♥ING FUN-BADASS-YOU GET TO PLAY AS SOME OF YOUR FAVOURITE AOT CHARACTERS.-Though they don't use the soundtrack from the anime the soundtrack is still great!If you are skeptical I would recommend picking this game up in a sale but it is still a great game and a great port.
76561198182381083,Recommended,449800,31875842,Posted: 20 May,all,xSoulTailx,Im an anime lover and LOVE the attack on titan anime and manga so was really excited for this game. Now thankfully this game only has a few of problems one being the missions will get repetitive for some and this game is DEFINITELY not the best way to watch the AOT story anyone who has not watched AOT i would recommened going and watching it then coming back to buy this game if you want to hack away at the limbs of titans for yourself.But before you even think about buying this make sure you have an xbox one (PS4 and 360 aswell i think) controller because you cant control the view with the mouse you have to use some other keys on the keyboard (I MEAN WHAT!!!)But once the controler is in the controls are fine.Anyway the combat is fun and the story follows the first season closely but skips a few things (see above) but just had good fun with this game.
76561198041029269,Recommended,449800,31875159,Posted: 20 May,all,Zant,"I went into this expecting an ODM simulator where you endlessly swoosh around killing Titans but it's actually quite a bit more. Without going too in-depth, there is a fully fleshed out gathering/crafting system integrated into every battle. Equipment and even outfits can be swapped out at camp so that you can tailor your gameplay to how you prefer. You can play as quite a few of the key characters throughout the series and each of them has their own special moves and abilities. Because each battle is essentially putting you in one massive battlefield with a bunch of other ODM-users flying about, you really get a sense of grandeur when seeing the impact you make assisting comrades.Combat itself has more depth than you'd expect, too. The hack-and-slash bit is fairly streamlined; Select body part > fly towards it > hit attack button when close (assuming you angle yourself properly). However, building up a squad of four allies you can enlist in the field changes things a bit. This is a feature that went underused for me during the earlier stages because it's not explained very well, but essentially you can order your posse that follows you around to actually target and slice up different body parts on your targets while you strike simultaneously. It comes in very handy later on when limbs become thicker and Titans begin to evolve beyond your simple blades and require more finesse to take down (picture an enraged Armin flying toward the nape of a 15 meter Titan and before you make contact you've ordered Reiner and Jean to slice up the legs so it's on its knees waiting for you).There's one thing I can't stress enough about this game however. You HAVE TO USE A CONTROLLER. Alright, well... you don't HAVE to, but as a port from console designed specifically around joysticks and triggers, it's pretty damn impossible for the controls to translate well to keyboard. Thankfully controller support is only getting easier every passing day, with Steam recently streamlining the use of PS4 controllers as well (without using external software).All in all, I'm about 7 hours in, nowhere near finished and can already sense the immense replay value. Also worth mentioning, that's 7 hours in a row because I couldn't unglue myself from the screen (although fingers were carpal tunneling like no tomorrow).If you like free-roaming Spiderman games especially, you'll have a really good time here. The main story goes through all of Season 1 pretty much shot-for-shot, so if you don't know much about the premise, you can still get the gist. For any fans of the anime/manga though, this is pretty much a must-have. I can't imagine a single fan who's seen ODM gear in action and not thought to themselves ""Man, I would love to have one of those"".Oh, and you can play as Eren's Titan form ;)"
76561198268590322,Recommended,449800,31909794,Posted: 22 May,all,jose,"This game is the best I have ever played.You will get use to not using your mouse a bit into it.You can change the controlls so you can make it work for you.Awesome missions,look at the controll on settings on controls and you can chang it.I love this game and don't underestimate it from how the controls are.If it lags turn down all the graphics and it will help a bit.Hope you like this game and hope the information helps!"
,Recommended,449800,31927998,Posted: 23 May,all,OMGitsKonrad3,Complete subjugation.
,Recommended,449800,31718648,Posted: 13 May,all,Kms lmao,It's a well made game in my opinion and I recommend it for the big fans of the anime. Follows most of the AoT story and that's an important affair.
,Recommended,449800,31757733,Posted: 14 May,all,Alan E.J Easton,Short experience for me but very good.
76561198271475936,Recommended,449800,33767475,Posted: 24 July,all,akutagcwa,"A little overpriced so best to buy it in the sale. Regardless the graphics and combat are fantastic. I love how long the game's run time is, even if some of the missions can be slightly repetitive, I find it incredibly re-playable since I'm a huge fan of the series itself. I love this game so much!"
,Recommended,449800,33753580,Posted: 23 July,all,Phoenixlight,"Bought it on sale, the game is a bit shallow but fun like playing spiderman on crack. It does suggest you playing in Windows 7 compatibility mode which is runs fine in. A couple of issues I found were that the camera isn't dynamic and won't follow you around which is a real annoyance trying to move it manually to keep up all the time. The other is getting stuck on/near buildings as there isn't always a higher point to grapple up to which interupts the fast flowing combat. I wouldn't purchase outside of a sale either, it's incredibly overpriced."
,Recommended,449800,33794739,Posted: 25 July,all,Atihinen,"Really good mechanics, I strongly suggest to play at least with normal mode even though the game tries to trick you to play with easy mode.On the negative point of view it gets kind of repetitive after a while."
,Recommended,449800,33842599,Posted: 27 July,all,Chellan,Like Dynasty Warriors with Titans. Eventually becomes a task of how quick you can kill them but for some reason it is insanely addictive
,Recommended,449800,33724389,Posted: 22 July,all,[LSB] bradley the JS Manager,"I love the series so far. Very interesting concept. This game though. It does get repetitive. But, I use it to relieve stress, so perhaps you can too.Ps: Who's fan of Petra here?"
76561198212493677,Recommended,449800,34922245,Posted: 13 September,all,Katten,"Azum, love this game and will probably love next one in 2018!"
,Recommended,449800,35049883,Posted: 18 September,all,sgtoverkill099,"Very good game, follows the anime really well. This is the game most fans have been waiting for. Has full controller support, and controller is HIGHLY recommended."
76561198226566384,Recommended,449800,34780489,Posted: 6 September,all,MrPinguNoot,"It didnt find this comment so i will just write it myself.This is an amazing game  for all attack on titan fans. It has good animation and a good story. There are more modes to play in. The original story and side missions. On side missions you can play with friends on a local network, but you can`t play the story with them. I think the game is really worth the money. In only 1 day i have played it 10 hours and it is my new favoutite game. One thing you should mark is that it is almost impossible to play it with a mouse and keyboard. I will strongle adwise you to play with an Xbox controller. The controls are really simple and it is easy to get the hang of it.Once you start playing you just cant stop. It is a very addictive game, but really fun at the same time. I see no reason why it is rated 18+. Yes, there is some violence, but it is super disgusting or anything like that. When you kill a titan, you get some red (meant to be blood) on the edges of your screed, but it disappears after some seconds. The titans deaths is just that they fall down on the ground and disappear after like 5 seconds. No blood. If you are very sensitive to blood you should notice that it is possible to turn off blood and gore in settings. I think that it is ok to play this game for everyone 13+. The voices are in Japanses with subtitles in different languages. It is pretty easy to read. All in all it is a great game. Soundtrack 8/10, Animation 10/10, Story 9/10. All in all a 9/10 game. SUPER GOOD! i hope this was a helpful rewiev"
,Not Recommended,449800,34246618,Posted: 14 August,all,DOUGHNUT182,"let me start off by saying if your going to buy this game, wait for the price to go way down, because it's not worth it's current price. Now. let me say that the story isn't important and i'll be ignoring it because it's just the show but not good and it's importantly ignorable. Let me now also say that the gameplay is actually dissapointing mostly. The ability to move around a city or forest in ODM gear does make me feel like i'm playing one of the good spiderman games, and it gives a real sense of freedom of movement, and honestly if done a bit better, it could carry a game on its own. the combat however i feel is unpolished and needs to be improved. First of all it has a targeting system, which if you ask me shouldn't be there, because while it is handy it does make the game a bit too easy. If you took out the targeting system and replaced it with mouselook and the ability to just latch on any part of the body, it might make the combat more interesting. So in short, wings of freedom is on paper a good concept, but it is let down by poor execution"
,Recommended,449800,34727867,Posted: 3 September,all,TrashMaster,"Do you have a fantasy about giant naked people running around your village? Well neither have I but do you like the anime series ""Attack On Titan""? if so this game renacts all of season 1! Even includes the part when Eren gets SHREKED. I encourage this game, get this as soon as you can, the game's fun."
,Recommended,449800,34834549,Posted: 9 September,all,Draco Malfoy,Fantastic game. Absolute must buy if you're a fan of the anime and even if you're not the mechanics and gameplay are still amazing and incredibly entertaining to play with. They also did a really nice job of condensing the plot but keeping the core storyline there.Probably not worth at the full price of 50 quid but definitely pick it up when it's on sale.
76561198269395244,Recommended,449800,28606638,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Perfect Bidoof,Ok i got a controller now and i do enjoy this game i don't really pay attention to the story but the gameplay is amazing even tho i hate playing on controllers because my hands cramp up after like 20 mins still i like this game alot and i finally got it again in the summer sale
,Recommended,449800,34887113,Posted: 11 September,all,Dopefish,"Captures the spirit of the show, the horror of the titans, and the feeling of fighting them almost perfectly. Takes a bit to get used to at first and I wish it were a bit longer, but I highly recommend."
76561198239016070,Recommended,449800,35281141,Posted: 28 September,all,zuhair4000,"Really dope game.I've seen the Anime, and it is my #1 favorite out of the many i've seen so far.If u love the Anime, then u will love the game.Although,This game is really, really, REALLY hard to play on a keyboard. (Not impossible, but hard)I personally use the Steam controller, which you can buy from the Steam store.Looking forward to Attack on Titan 2 :D"
,Recommended,449800,35190176,Posted: 24 September,all,setiawan_jo,very good storyline but the gameplay a bit boring
