user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,449840,35140554,Posted: 22 September,all,Shiroe,"I can see why this game is regarded as being somewhere around God-tier. This game completely erases the tones set up in the previous two games in the series, Muv Luv and Muv Luv Extra. The original Muv Luv, as you should know by now, was more like your typical dating sim visual novel, where a good majority of the girls are attracted to you and you have the choice of dating whichever one you choose. Extra took this a bit further, and added a more deep tone to it, while having that dating sim aspect still present. But then you have this game. Muv Luv Alternative. They took the design of the other two novels and literally threw them out of the TSF straight into the mouths of a Fort-class BETA. The carefree attitude of the MC Shirogane Takeru is annihilated, as he suffers similarly to Okabe Rintarou in Steins;Gate. The suffering never ends, and you get dragged through the mud and blood right along with Takeru as he stumbles and falls, but also while he learns to accept reality and face what he's been running away from this whole time. Of course, this is already along the lines of being spoiler, so I'll leave it at that.This game in particular completely threw me off. I was expecting to be able to have some fun and lighthearted adventures as Takeru comes back for his 3rd installment in the series. Of course, if you read the store description, you immediately know that something went very wrong this time around. You have to watch the suffering, watch the pain and despair, and you can't do anything to help as you are merely the observer. It's painful. It may give you borderline PTSD for a while. Every happy moment seems like it could very well break any moment, it's actually rather stressful as well. You get enveloped in the chaotic world of humans being at war with the aliens known as BETA and it pulls your attention even stronger the deeper you dive into it. The science is real, the reality is actually rather realistic. There's no magical powers, no plot armor. Every threat is real, nobody is safe. That's war. The tech is more advanced sure, but you get explanations for nearly everything that is used, and it all makes sense. This visual novel is Legendary. Truly God-tier. You do need to walk through the first two games to get that deeper connection with the characters, but it's worth it. Play this game, you seriously need to experience this story. It's on a level of its own."
,Recommended,449840,35175224,Posted: 24 September,all,✨pie✨,I beat Muv Luv Alternative and all I got was crippling depression and Complex PTSD.10/10!
,Recommended,449840,35075866,Posted: 19 September,all,1337W4lLh4cK3r,"Everything on the store page is massive spoilers. So are the achievements.Anyways, the source material is excellent."
,Recommended,449840,35111222,Posted: 21 September,all,???hawk,"While I may not have much time listed for the game, it's because I played the fan translated version years ago and knew in my heart it was worth the $40 to support an official one now even if I had no intention of reading it again due to length. As far as VNs go, MLA is just, well, really really long. It's about as long as all 3 F/SN routes combined for comparison to other visual novels - it will probably take the average user around 60 hours minimum to read it. So why invest all that time in it? Because it's worth it. MLA isthe bestvisual novel I have read to date. Somehow against all odds, a crappy generic school harem spun off into an amazing apocalyptic sci-fi story.  It's a story filled with violence, despair, and sacrifice but the core theme of not giving up no matter how dark it looks for the hope of a better tomorrow is stong throughout, and to see the character's journey to completion is an experience I will never forget.However not every diamond is without its flaws. Alternative's comes in the form of its predecessors, Extra and Unlimited. These... aren't great. Extra is a generic school harem as previously mentioned, and while Unlimited is the source of the spinoff that Alternative follows up, it was kind of mediocre. If MLA is a 10, E and U would be a 5 and 6 repsectively. Now, as much as I'd like to say ""you can just skip them"", for a story like this you can't. The main routes of E and just one playthrough of U are required - I would in no way suggest just reading a synopsis for it. So that's probably 10-15 hours of time you'll have to invest into something not really that good to get to something amazing. It's definitely worth it in the end, so don't let it throw you off and just power thorugh to get to Alternative."
76561197998859782,Recommended,449840,35306724,Posted: 29 September,all,archonsg,"Firstly.If you haven't bought or read the previous chapters, namely Muv-Luv (Extra & Ultimate) you need to stop, go get them and read those first.Extra is a little ""silly"" and for some might be a put off because the tone it sets is very lighthearted and a little too much over the top with teenage situations but it is require as the ammount of foreshadowing and context it creates sets up for Ultimate (when stuff really gets thrown for a loop) and brings Muvluv Alternative to a grand finale.Also while it only shows that I had 38+ hours I have read this VN previously having access to the uncensored Japanese version from several years back so its closer to about 250hrs having re-read the VN several times over.For those who are worried that this censored version would not be as impactful or just want the lewds, seriously, its very minor and are missing only a few key scenes but not so much that you totally miss out on what actually happened(intimacies between Takeru and Sumika) and yes, they had sexthat you can't tell what happened or totally removed like with Nekopara.To date I have read this trilogy  more times than I can count  covering all routes and rereading it over the years so I definitely have spent more then 600hrs total on this VN series alone.There's a reason for that.Muvluv is one of the best if not the best Visual Novel in story, visuals and sound back when it realese more than a decade ago at 2003 and Alternative at 2006 and still till today held up well, while not as smothly animated as some of the new VNs, or as crisp in visuals when compared to todays CG scenes, Muvluv tells a far better story than many VNs since its release and I have read far too many VNs over the years.In short Muvluv is about life, love, sacrifice and the nature of the human heart and it tells that story very well."
,Recommended,449840,35057275,Posted: 18 September,all,Nexiva,"truly satisfying story from the highly acclaimed visual novel of all time.really glad i found these back in around 2009.Thankfully, the game worked flawlessly, no glitches whatsoever until i finished it, translation was good, the all new english voices was also neat.but i want the original english can eat♥♥♥♥♥♥as well lol."
76561197976543691,Recommended,449840,35200150,Posted: 25 September,all,Rykmentti,"First of all, first thing I will say about this game is:This review is spoiler free and DONT READ ANYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME, OR MAKE ABSOLUTELY SURE ANYTHING YOU READ IS SPOILER FREE. If you think ""Naaah, it can't that bad, I've been spoiled before, im used to it"" Let me you tell you this, if you screw this up, you WILL regret it so much when the moment comes. My friend almost murdered me for spoiling it for him after I experienced that scene and had to tell others about it. I've regretted it ever since. This game is a shining gold nugget that you DO NOT WANT TO DIMThere is one scene which will give you an experience which you will never experience again in your life time and if you ruin it, you WILL regret it so much that you honestly want to go back in time and hit yourself for not being careful in the internet.Now onto the review.It's the best of the english translated Visual novels right now and I mean THE BEST. It's been at the top of VNDB most rated and popular visual novels since... I started reading visual novels ten years ago? Anyway, a long timeHow to say it shortly... This game delves into the original Muv Luv's Unlimited story ark world, so it's huge plus if you've read the previous title, as you will understand more about the world you're plunged into. Visual novel is centered around alternative telling of our world and its post apocalyptic world and the problems that rise from it. If you've read the previous title Unlimited story ark you can probably surmise that this is a far cry from the love comedy genre that original Muv Luv was.Im not going to tell you anything more than that, because well... You really have to experience it yourself.Now then this story has incredible soundtrack, story, characters, drama, character development, lore, voice actors, world politics. I honestly cannot think any ""bad"" things about this game. It's just so good that you just either don't notice them or that there isn't any.Only ""bad"" thing about this game is that it's LONG and I mean LOOOOONG. It took me a WEEK (probably longer, I can't remember) to read the damn thing (I can't remember clearly but I think I read atleast 4-8 hours a day, give or take some breaks doing something else) and during that week, I felt like I was in HIIIIGH heaven. Probably exaggeration but one thing is for sure, this visual novel will break your mind.For me, a visual novel being long is a good thing if the reading is exciting and captivating. For some people it's bad a thing, they probably want to do something else than spend whole day reading a book you cannot stop reading. This visual novel is one of the rare visual novel's that keep surprising you with ""It didn't end here? It's still going on? HELL YEAH"" and when you're finally at the end you feel drained and depressed that the thing you've read has ended.So to close this all up.Make absolutely sure not to spoil yourself about this game and prepare a LOT of time to read this, preferable alone at some summer cottage during weekends in middle of nowhere where noone can disturb you."
,Recommended,449840,35090831,Posted: 20 September,all,OH SHIT I'M FEELIN IT,Greatest story ever told.
,Recommended,449840,35059474,Posted: 19 September,all,isuyou,"When I first read Muv-Luv Alternative a few years back, I wasn’t sure what to expect. Coming off of Extra/Unliminted (the prequels), the series didn’t seem to have gotten off to a good start. But after indulging in it for nearly 100 hours over 2 weeks, I was so engaged in this visual novel that I can firmly say that it is my favorite of all time.Alternative completely deviates from the atmosphere and tone set in Extra/Unlimited and takes a more serious, gritty approach to sci-fi worlds. It takes the characters established in Extra and the setting introduced in Unlimited, then pushed them to their maximum potential.Muv Luv Alternative is an epic in the full sense of the word. It is a long journey that takes you and the characters through many trials and tribulations. This novel manages to fill every crossroad with meaning and growth. It invests so much into its characters to make every loss painful and every victory as heartfelt as possible.I have no good way to relay all the emotions and respect I have for this title. Alternative is truly one of the best sequels to exist being much better Extra/Unlimited. In fact, I’d even go venture to say that it is one of the best sci-fi adventures I have ever read. But more than that, the story has left such a great impression on me that I can’t forget any of the moments in it. I became so invested into the world and the characters struggling through it. Everything they felt, I felt as well.Of course, Muv Luv Alternative is not without its flaws, but I’ll let other reviews sift through those fine points. It’s not something for the faint of heart as for how dark and gruesome it can get. But, I wanted to share a bit of my own feelings and experiences with this work to hopefully inspire others to witness this masterpiece. Muv Luv Alternative is an experience like no other, and as such, I highly recommend it to anyone with even the slightest bit of interest. ."
76561198077098317,Recommended,449840,35059674,Posted: 19 September,all,Alternative IV,"An experience quite unlike any other.Never have I been so emotionally manipulated by any other sort of media. When things began turning for the worse I had a difficult time coping with and accepting what was happening.It's not a perfect story by any means. It has some pacing issues, a ton of exposition at certain points and personally while the main character's development is exceptional some of his irritating personality traits from the original persist throughout the novel. Yet, if there was any experience in any media I could convey to others, Alternative would be it.Possibly both Alternative's biggest boon and sin is the necessity of its predecessor. While the original Muv Luv had many cringe-worthy absurdities the player had to trek through, it was imperative to really see what the main character is fighting for and how that influences the actions he takes, along with how the world affects him. Above all I feel, is that it really helps immerse the player into the MC's role and mindset. This particular element is what makes some of Alternative's best and infamous scenes so emotionally compelling. I have never been sent into such a state of disarray by one certain scene and most people who have read MLA will know what scene I'm referring to.The writer supposedly sold his ancestral home to fund this game(which originally released in 2006) and it really shows with the production values far exceeding that of most modern VNs. The in-game sprites are all lip-synced and blink, the sound-design is top notch, there's a dedicated UI for when you're in a mech, a ridiculous amount of CGs, a ton of sprites including minor characters and a ton of sprite animations for both the characters and mechs.If anyone has any shred of interest in this, I implore them to go in as blind as possible. I wish the in-game menus and promotional material didn't spoil a bunch of elements but even so I can whole-heartedly recommend this. I can't guarantee it'll be your favorite VN or anything(there are many who would refer to Alternative as such) it's something that will certainly stand out among its peers and present you with an experience only it can offer."
76561198031994154,Recommended,449840,35084113,Posted: 20 September,all,vegard,"Best VN of all time, now with a superior new translation. The old fan-translation was pretty good to, but it had a few grating scenes that made little sense and/or was almost painful to read. This one is much smother, and well worth the asking price even for returning fans.Biggest drawback to MLA is that you are somewhat forced to read through Extra and Unlimited, but even this is an investment. I am also somewhat annoyed by their usage of the word ""dude"", but Ill let it slide. 10/10 Highly recomended."
,Recommended,449840,35055919,Posted: 18 September,all,Kyouma,"The wait is over, Alternative is finally upon us!!!To the newcomers:This is the third part of an epic trilogy with a slow start and it holds the #1 position on VNDB’s rating list.I highly recommend following this order for maximum enjoyment:1) 14 episode anime “Kimi ga Nozomu Eien” (set in the same universe as “Muv-Luv Extra”, it introduces some important characters);2) 3 episode “Akane Maniax” anime (follows the story of “Kimi ga Nozomu Eien“ and introduces the cast of “Muv-Luv Extra”);3) Muv-Luv Extra (first game);4) Muv-Luv Unlimited (second game);5) Muv-Luv Alternative.* The first two games (“Extra” and “Unlimited”) are sold together under the title “Muv-Luv”.* There is a patch if you want the +18 content for Extra and Unlimited.* The Kimi ga Nozomu Eien anime is an adaptation of a visual novel that is planned to be translated in the future.""Achieve your mission with all your might. Despair not until your last breath. Make your death count!"""
,Recommended,449840,35061121,Posted: 19 September,all,Shanalotte,"Prepare to cry, salute, applause and downing liquor at the same time while reading this masterpiece of a VN.You should definitely read ML extra and ML unlimited first for the full Muv luv Experience though.Meiya is best girl. Now and forever."
,Recommended,449840,35199457,Posted: 25 September,all,Mori Summer,"I have now played through this visual novel 3 times, and I still manage to laugh and cry as much as the first time I read it. The story covers so many different topics that I don't think it's possible to really put it into a genre. As much as people will tell you that you need to read the first ones, I've already lost so many potential readers to the monotony of the first two games. But as almost every person that has gone through the journey of the three games will tell you, the payoff is insanely worth it. It's got more action, strategic tension, and plot twists than Code Geass. The characters and the world that you're thrust into contain personality, grit, and lore that simply can't be found in anime with time and dialogue constraints. But the visual novel also never forgets to make you laugh and make connections with the people struggling with you. At the risk of sounding like a complete tool, I think Muv Luv Alternative has the best story that any Japanese medium has to offer.The new translation is an improvement off the fan translation overall, and many of the physics concepts that are explained throughout the novel are easier to understand as a result. Sex scenes still exist in this version, with the images zoomed in and edited to avoid showing any nudity. I do not imagine that this will impact the experience of many readers. Only the most explicit of dialogue is cut, and Sekai Project clearly made an effort to stay faithful to the original as much as possible with the limitations of Steam. Also, English vocals are thankfully much improved from the original. As such, I don't think it's necessary to go through the trouble of patching the game to 18+.The production values on this visual novel are incredible in some aspects, and mediocre in others. Many people do not like the art style of the characters, but the animation quality of the action sequences and the broad set of facial expressions that come with the art style more than make up for it for me.I'm going to be one of the dissenting opinions and tell you that if you have a history of dropping shows after the first few episodes bore you, then maybe you should just skip straight to Muv-Luv Unlimited. This will severely degrade the experience, but even this degraded experience is amazing by itself, and most of the foreshadowing and flashbacks in Alternative refer to Muv-Luv Unlimited. Though Muv-Luv Extra and Unlimited combined are shorter than Alternative, this doesn't change the fact that Extra by itself can take 15-20 hours of your time, and is notoriously generic and boring for those seeking a strong story and tension.I'm bad at conclusions."
,Recommended,449840,35112483,Posted: 21 September,all,Psyentific,"#1 on VNDB, the otakus call it a kamige (lit. ""god-tier""), regarded as one of the best, if not The Best VNs of all time.only problem is you have to take about a 15h inoculation of waifu (ie read muv-luv) in order to set the story up.if you like military setting, mecha, and feels, this is right up your alley. if not, it's still ♥♥♥♥ing excellent."
76561198028214959,Recommended,449840,35193959,Posted: 24 September,all,Scope_Dogg,"Easily the best visual novel I've played, and one of the best mecha-genre pieces of media I've ever experienced. As someone who's obsessed with this genre, this isn't something I say lightly.It's an emotional rollercoaster with a real mind-bender of a plot that never ceases to surprise. It constantly kept me guessing and was constantly catching me off guard, especially as it really doesn't pull any punches whatsoever.The only real caveats are that the prior game isn't really an option to skip, and that the amount of input the player gets seems to be somewhat less here than those prior chapters (which in my opinion is made up for by the fact that this is easily the hardest-hitting chapter of the story.) Most off-putting of all is probably the asking price, although I got over thirty-five hours out of it, and despite it hardly being interactive at all, that time was compelling enough that it kept me going until the early hours of the morning sometimes.Despite those hangups I really can't recommend this highly enough, this entire story was just a remarkable ride."
76561198062924378,Recommended,449840,35130570,Posted: 22 September,all,someone721,"Wow! That is honestly the only word I know to describe this game. Before I begin my review I'd just like to say; on the off chance any developers or translators read this review, thank you for this series.Ok so in to my review.1st. If you have not played both Muv-Luv & Extra you WILL miss out on a great deal of the emotion this game has to offer. Both Muv-Luv & Extra are tiad very heavily to this game. Be aware however that Muv-Luv is very different from Extra & Alternative, yet it's story is intertwined with both.2nd. The story in this game is amazing! I'm not going to go into detail because I truly believe it's best to go into this game with only the knowledge of the previous 2 games. I will say that the story is very long but doesn't feel slow. Many things happen and the story isn't afraid to move forward.3rd. As a VN (Visual Novil) your choices seem more contained then in the last two games, but I don't think that's a bad thing here. This game contains a lot of action scenes and pulls them off perfectly in my opinion. That's a difficult thing to do with a VN.I don't really have anything else to say with out getting into story specifics, so I'll simply end by saying that I absolutely recommend this game. Though if you played the first two you really shouldn't need convinceing to buy this one."
76561198079935037,Recommended,449840,35144704,Posted: 22 September,all,Boss,"I don't remember the last time I cried like a ♥♥♥♥♥ while playing a game. I feel grateful for being alive to be able to play Muv Luv. I can't say the game is perfect but I also can't say any other game or any sort of medium have been able to give me the feels this visual novel has. Highly recommended for anyone that enjoys a great story and looking for one hell of a ride, its rated number one in VNDB for a very good reason."
76561198166967397,Recommended,449840,35164035,Posted: 23 September,all,GridEnabled,"A month ago I was convinced that visual novels were a waste of time.But then I discovered that Muv-Luv had been released on Steam.  I'd been interested in trying this series for a long time because I'd seen figures of the mecha and they were really cool so I thought I'd give it a shot.Muv-Luv was an epic awakening that there was value to this medium.  I laughed.  I sobbed uncontrollably.  And I eagerly awaited this sequel.Muv-Luv Alternative loops time again after the end of Ultimate bringing closure to the events in the Ultimate time-line and answering many of the things that were left unexplained and mysterious:  Where is Sumika?  What's the deal with Alternative IV?  Who is and what is the deal with Kasumi?  Will Takeru ever grow up?  How can you have so little mecha action in a story about mecha?This visual novel is considerably more linear than even Ultimate which might put you off if you are expecting gameplay, but that is not the point of a visual novel.  The story is long, satisfying, profoundly upsetting and occasionally horrifying.  If you like mecha, there's a heck of a lot of mecha.  By the end you will feel the wear and the strain of the campaign.  You will mourn friends lost.  You may still... hate Takeru, but trust me you will love everyone else.This visual novel has been a truly incredible use of 29 hours of my life.  I'm so glad that there's been a western release so I could experience it.Time to buy a truly astounding number of mech figures!"
,Recommended,449840,35184872,Posted: 24 September,all,{SRI} Oracle,"Welcome to the pain train. All expense paid trip to depression town with a added bonus of potentially winning PTSD, your host, Muv-Luv.On serious note excellent game but you MUST play the first set Muv-luv Extra and Ultimate to properly enjoy this novel but it will be well worth it."
76561197989342352,Recommended,449840,35312075,Posted: 29 September,all,Dracoiz,Well I can only describe the game with this memehttps://imgflip.com/i/1wryeb
76561197989773636,Recommended,449840,35087733,Posted: 20 September,all,sporked,"Personal bias disclaimer: I own every MuvLuv related visual novel prior to Total Eclipse including Chronicles, Haruko Maniax etc.The conclusion to what is basically the longest single sci-fi visual novel written with Extra and Unlimited basically being both an extremely long prologue and world building chapters. Alternative builds on everything introduced in the two previous installments and then dials it up to eleven. All the character building, all the world building, all those odd little moments that sort of didn't make sense in the context they were presented, ALL of it is relevant so if you enjoyed those aspects and they piqued your interest then you are going to love Alternative.This version is also far more polished than the fan translated version. While the translation was good in the fan version, it felt a little sterile and didn't quite capture each characters various methods of speech, especially Tsukuyomi, Meiya and Takeru. The images were also only partially translated but that was mostly down to the limitations of the tools used to extract and modify the images, seeing them fully translated though really makes a difference. This version also includes more voice lines for Takeru and additional scenes that weren't included in the initial PC release (I believe this is a port of MuvLuv Alternative Winows 7 edition) so even for people like myself who have read it several times and have seen every 'ending' theres still new things to see.All in all an excellently done localisation of the single best sci-fi visual novel ever written, quite possibly THE  best visual novel full stop."
76561198390947858,Recommended,449840,35144244,Posted: 22 September,all,monkeys everywhere,Honestly the greatest VN i have ever played but definitely play the first 2 games prior.SO MUCH HEARTBREAK ;(
76561198007295077,Recommended,449840,35205957,Posted: 25 September,all,ChaosKhan,"Pro: Possibly one of the best stories ever told in any media.Con: Probably requires you to read Extra, possibly one of the worst stories ever told in any media...(Yeah, i hated it that much. Especially Sumikas character design...)All in all I advise to completely skip Extra and just go to Unlimited. The story/relationships are self explanatory anyway. You might miss out on the so called nostalgia or hidden premonition effects, but if you don't like Extra anyway (like me), it actually makes Alternative much worse in some parts if you had to force yourself through Extra by adding some negative emotional baggage and therefore just outright rejecting some story parts and developments in Alternative. As I don't want to spoiler, I won't go into detail there. I've made the mistake to force myself through one route in Extra believing it would make it better in retrospect. I was wrong... I am absolutely sure I would've enjoyed Alternative far more if not for those negative memories of browsing though the, pardon me, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ world of Extra, of which you get reminded of in Alternative as the story progresses.You might ask yourself why I don't really touch on Unlimited here. The reason is, that Alternatives storyline has far more Interaction with Extra, and therefore bad memories of Extra don't surface much through Unlimited, but do it with a bang when you hit Alternative.If you don't like Extra after about an hour of reading, just stop and move on to Unlimited.You have been warned..."
76561198158272362,Recommended,449840,35074516,Posted: 19 September,all,[82DK-M] Seeker22,"Well, I don't have much to say. Welcome to the greatest visual novel of all time. Not one of the greatest. The greatest."
,Recommended,449840,35069190,Posted: 19 September,all,Pink Fluffy Bear,"Shirogane Takeru's Ball Tier:Extra:Normal human balls, the only redeeming point is its denseness.Unlimited:balls made from alloy tempered steel. Can deal with many ♥♥♥♥♥ and durable to an extent.Alternative 1st half:experienced balls that can deal withalmostevery hellish punishment. I saidalmost, not every punishment. Respected by many cats, one of highest grade of carbon fiber balls existed in universe.Alternative 2nd half:no one can break his balls, his balls made of adamantium extracted from wolverine's bone mixed with deadpool's regen factor blood. One glance at this majestic divine balls can make cats purring and drenched in their saliva, men will turn gay, both men and woman will drip manly tears. This balls will do whatever necessary to accomplish his mission. One of manliest if notTHE MOSTmanliest balls existed in fiction. The balls bangs lots of cat (in a sense) yet still retain its fidelity and faith to one girl (don't ask me to explain, it's complicated)."
76561197981373467,Recommended,449840,35139488,Posted: 22 September,all,Vorrin,"Well worth the full price, the game is upwards of 20 hours of well written story and easily surpasses any other story driven game I've played."
,Recommended,449840,35056132,Posted: 18 September,all,Noctus,"there are two kind of people in this world... people who has read Muv-Luv Alternative, and people who hasn´t."
76561198148705664,Recommended,449840,35064425,Posted: 19 September,all,Kurt,Luv the game <3
,Not Recommended,449840,35216089,Posted: 25 September,all,Everlasting Atonement,"If you can standtentacles,by all means get this game. But I can't, so I can't recommend it.Really great VN ruined by:terrible, overlong tense scenes (where people are in a situation where they'd be overrun in literal seconds, but they spend minutes talking about unrelated crap)a character who's characterization for the first 9/10ths is ""what a fool I was! I should do this instead, that's totally the right thing--oh, how stupid and childish that was! I should do this instead--oh how immature of me! It would be right to do this...ad infinitumand flippingtentacles.I can never recommendtentacles/Haven't even finished the game yet, but just finishedthe Original Hivepart and had to come on here to give a not recommended."
76561198028390960,Recommended,449840,35146059,Posted: 23 September,all,AvalanchCXVII,They replaced the engrish. RIP BRABU LEADUH and whoever that was who shouted TURN ON YUR REARU TIME INTRPETUR!10/10
76561197964460165,Recommended,449840,35281737,Posted: 28 September,all,BigT,Some great sci-fi.  Really glad I caught this
,Recommended,449840,35121424,Posted: 21 September,all,Viper Zero,"No review i give can do it justice but here it is anyway.""A destiny tossed about, in an insane world---A flame of life blazing forth, in a dying world---And now, one more future that is spun---This is the alternative ending unable to be told before:A very great, a very tiny, a very precious...Tale of love and courage.""Muv-Luv Alternative continues the story of Shirogane Takeru after the events of the original Muv-Luv. This is a tale of a love so deep it breaks all barriers; about courage in the face of adversity and overcoming hardships. Takeru encounters and conquers insurmountable odds while his entire world is turned upside down around him.-Description onVNDB.orgThis is considered by one of the greatest pieces of storytelling i have ever read.The story will bombard you with a barrage of emotions, from happiness to disgust, from sadness to ""get away from her you ♥♥♥♥♥.""Now as i have made it clear in my previous review for Muv-Luv, READ THE ORIGINAL MUV-LUV FIRST. It is imperative that you do so. Not only does it foreshadow a lot of things but it is best to get all the main characters fleshed out. Now thats out of the way, lets go.Pros-Epic soundtrack.-Mecha action.-Political conspiracies lurking in the shadows.-Loveable characters.-Nearly all characters, even the very minor side ones can bring you to tears.-Replayability-Does not shy away to truly let you know how horrifying this was against the BETA is.Cons-Some scenes can feel oddly paced, especially an intense battle scene where the characters say a lot of things when in reality they would've died from how fast the enemy is halfway through their sentence.Verdict : 991/10"
,Recommended,449840,35484083,Posted: 4 October,all,Requiem_One,"Quite frankly, I don't review games at all. Least of all VNs, but I can say without a doubt, that this one. After waiting for it to come out since Muv-Luv E/U came out. Finishing the story was the most satisfying, and if not, heartbreaking things for me to do. As a writer myself, watching the final climax to this story was very moving to me. But also, the resolution was equally rewarding. There are times in this VN where you feel outright helpless, but that tells you just how well it was written."
,Recommended,449840,35511620,Posted: 5 October,all,UltimateRecon98,"One of the most heart feeling novel out there. This game will break you and just when you think you could handle it you don't.By far Muv-Luv Series is my first and probably not my last. So much information in this game is mind-blowing the things the main character goes through, and I even had theories from the start first time I finish the first game multiple times in different endings shows what has been happening throughout the whole time. Also at the End of the novel no matter how hard I tried I teared up in the end to be, I couldn't help but tear up a bit at how much Takeru and I have been through this who series I was at peace when I saw this ending. All in all, I highly recommend this Novel and pray to god they decide to put Muv-Luv Altered Fables on here, and it was ""originally"" A non-canon fan-disc, but the creator was like ""heh what the hell it's canon now."" A little detail  of what I know on Altered Fables is that its suppose to take place after this game and I don't want to say too much as it will ruin the novel for a lot of people just found on your own***SPOILER ALERT***One thing I found most Interesting was the Parallel Universes Thing. At first I thought that the stuff I choice throughout the series was that ""what if"" moments I chose and it turns out I was half correct on that theory It turned out That this was all the things I chose on the first two games he was the one who experienced them each time he reset a timeline. It blows my mind to learn this as it was always ""him"" and only ""him"" that experienced this events to shape the future path he was supposed to take. I can see why a movie like ""Edge of Tomorrow"" was inspired by this Novel and many other things"
76561198042209823,Recommended,449840,35508727,Posted: 5 October,all,Vaeltrix,"I originally played the Japanese version of the game with a version that couldn't save, would frequently crash, and couldn't realistically skip back to where you crashed. I did all of this because the story was so good. Muv Luv Alternative is a stellar game that tells the story of Shirogane Takeru trying to change the future. I'd say more but it would spoil things that I believe are better left for the reader to see. Cannot recommend enough, bought it for myself and two friends and still looking to buy more copies just so more people get to experience the story."
