user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197972251571,Recommended,449960,32541605,Posted: 18 June,all,Laazar,"After literally thousands of hours spent in Action isometric RPG's (and others) like Diablo (mostly - like 3k+ h easily :P) , Path of Exile, Titan Quest, Champions of Norath (and Return to arms) - and so on - been there, love it, seen'em - kill'em all.This one however didn't attract me with graphic at all, yet I thought - let's give it a chance - sometimes those smaller productions have great climate - mood going along with us on adventures.And It happened!Great - just great at it's soothing and deeply relaxing yet perfectly paced at it's difficult march through the hell spawns :DNow some feedback for developers;- I played on standard difficulty for good couple of hours without dying once on rather fast route through the enemies (all 100% clear) - quite satisfying with the loot - especially how rarely better items drops - great! yet to this rather calming game I would either put some dis-balanced combat more often forcing us to retreat or push forward instead of clearing the rooms one by one. (at least in the first few hours)- Second and last issue - in my personal opinion is the graphic - great idea for the paper figures and setting - yet after the great success I hope You will achieve quite soon - I hope for ""real"" 3D included with some stunning and eye catching visuals to back up this already great game's core."
76561197988445370,Recommended,449960,33541985,Posted: 14 July,all,renfield,"Surprisingly nice, charming and quite easy to play hack and slay with good controller support and a rewarding and motivating card system. The graphic is unique, might be not everyones cup of tea but i like it a lot and it let me come back again and again. You can choose your own gameplay time, 8 min or 16 min or you want 46 min? A great feature. Overall a relaxing experience with just the right difficulty to keep you going!High five Thing Trunk for this awesome experience!"
,Recommended,449960,25236096,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,LadyOberon [#GamersRule],"I'm surprised at how much I'm enjoying Book of Demons, and I definitely recommend it. However, I do want to make sure that other buyers of the game understand what they're getting. I was looking for a new game with controller support in the dungeon crawling and hack and slash genres, and this game came up. That's not exactly accurate, though.Book of Dungeons is understandably a dungeon crawler, because it takes place for the most part in dungeons that go deeper and deeper as the game progresses. However, it's also a CCG with turn-based combat. A variety of monsters are encountered and unlocked in the bestiary as you progress through the game, and cards of varying uses and rarity are obtained and utilized to build your deck. Players will be able to equip more cards as the game progresses and card slots are unlocked with gold and loot drops.Combat is turn-based and automatic, so your only options as a player during combat are to move in a grid-like formation along a path to avoid and/or target enemies and projectiles, use consumable cards (like health and mana) click a button to disarm a shield or interrupt a spell to make an emeny vulnerable, or use an ability card, like a spell. No offensive combat happens while your character is in motion, so your choice is to be still and attack or maneuver around to avoid/engage enemies and obtain loot. That's not exactly, ""Hack and slash"" to me, and I have a hunch that this would be confusing to other players as well. Since I paid full price for my copy, and didn't get what I thought I was buying, I want to be very clear about what this game actually is.In regard to controller support, the tag is accurate that this game currently provides partial controller support. You will still need a mouse and/or keyboard to access menus, such as those used to level up your character, switch out cards, and upgrade or identify cards. The controller support that is provided works very well. I didn't have any issues on that front, and I would bet that a Steam Controller or controller mapping program could be used for the remaining functions if a gamer was so inclined.A positive aspect of the game is that it doesn't require a lengthy gaming session to enjoy. Games range from a few minutes to very long, and the player has the ability to set these parameters. Those with short attention spans and those who ""bounce"" between games will appreciate that the developers provided this feature. I know I certainly do.Graphically, the game is beautiful. I love the angular features of the characters and scenery. It really does look like a world all its own, and it's fun to be a part of it. Overall, I'm having a lot of fun with it, and since I don't usually enjoy turn-based games of any kind, this is a testament to how very well this game has been developed.It's a great combination of a lot of different elements, but it's really not categorized very well for browsing by tags. Of the dungeon crawling and hack and slash tags that have been attributed to this game, it's neither one nor the other. I'd classify it as a CCG with turn-based combat and dungeon crawling elements, with the dungeon environment and looting being fundamental to the game.Most games have elements of other genres, like strategy, which is common and can be attributed to nearly any game, so I realize categorization isn't as simple as it once was. That's not necessarily a bad thing. In fact, a lot of great gaming combinations are available now, like one of my favorites which is actually an RPG/Pinball mashup. So while I don't believe these genre fusions are a negative thing, I do think that more attention should be paid to categorization, tags, and descriptions. Games like this with a $20 price tag aren't so easy to dismiss when ""unwrapping"" a game that isn't quite what you thought you had at the checkout."
,Recommended,449960,32227013,Posted: 6 June,all,Captain Happy,"This is a truly brilliant game, despite being in early access, it feels very polished and complete, only there's even more stuff coming to the game; which is awesome. I'm going to try and make an actual helpful review rather than just saying that the game is good. The game is good. Really good. But also:Combat:If you've watched videos, don't be fooled, it's a lot more interactive and satisfying that videos make it look like. It works like most hack n slash games, like Diablo. You point the cursor on an enemy and click to use basic attacks, then you have your abilities. The three classes all have their own distinct abilities. They are nothing like one another - they play very differently. Currently there is the warrior and the mage and soon the rogue is coming.I do find that the game does not provide many different build opportunities as there may be just 2-3 builds per class. The warrior has one true AoE ability and I think any warrior would always slot this ability in their actionbar because AoE is 100% necessary in mid and late game. But that's all really, you don't choose between different types of abilities, there's an ability for single target, an ability for AoE, plenty of different utlity abilities and passive abilities too.Every ability does definitely become useful at one point or another as there's enough monster + elite monster variety to force you to plan fights and react according to what you're fighting.Environments, atmosphere & the world:The dungeons are indeed randomly generated and it works really well. It's also a pretty cool feature that you can choose how long your dungeon should be - The game gives you a slider that allows you to choose how long it should be, depending on how much time you have. It's useful for the busy family guys and workaholics.There's only 3 different tilesets at the moment and I'm not sure if they're adding more. They're called Maze, Catacombs and Hell. They all look like places you'll find in Diablo 1. When you complete the game you can generate more dungeons and choose which tileset to play on. After 25 hours of gameplay I'm not bored of them yet, the atmosphere is kind of dark and you even have a light radius around your character. You can't expand this light radius as far as I know but it's a reasonable distance.Something that's a bit strange about this game is that you can only walk along the path and you cannot leave the path. The warrior also hits from a range rather than fight right there face-on melee. I thought it seemed off putting and quite strange at first but it's actually not bad because it allows completely new and unique game mechanics to work; things you haven't seen in a game before. I can't explain why or how, you'll have to try it yourself (remember there's a free demo).Character Progression:Pretty satisfying. You level up, you choose if you want to get 1 more health or 1 more mana. You need both, but you don't have worry about choosing the wrong thing because you also find more permanent health and mana bonuses in chests and treasures. Also - when you level up and choose health or mana, the opposite stat will be stored in something you have called 'The Cauldron' which is located in Town. You can claim the contents of the Cauldron any time you want, but if you die, the content in the cauldron is lost.As you level up, monsters you've fought before become easier; something you'd normally see in games like this. As you progress throughout the game, you meet new monsters all the time.You don't get equipment in this game, the game has no gear walls, but the difficulty remains reasonable with challenging elite monsters or combinations of smaller monsters that counter you well here and there. On my warrior who is level 33 (I think) I have died twice, but I built him relatively tanky, but I'm not sure how easy it is to die really but I played relatively well I'm guessing.Card Game (Items and Abilities):There's not much to it really. You have items and abilities like any hack n slash game. Items and abilities are represented as the cards you're seeing in the pictures for this game. Items and abilities can be placed in your actionbars like you usually can in hack n slash games - there is no card minigame or anything in the game, they are only in a card form to match the paper theme the game is going with. It's cool, it's a nice art style.Story:I'm not going to say much - it's a spoof of Diablo 1's storyline. The first major boss is 'The Cook'. What boss from Diablo 1 is it making fun of? Pffft I don't know it's so hard to guess. Lol. The voice actor for The Sage sounds like Deckard Cain and the character looks like him. The dungeon you enter is the local cathedral in a small darkened town that looks like Tristram. It's pretty funny at times.Music:I'm sorry but I haven't listened, I intend to do that soon but for now I can't give you information on this. The sound design is not great as it contains a lot of sounds that you hear from all kinds of games and movies, most likely because they are free source samples they obtained from the internet. It's not bad, it all works, it's all timed correctly, it's the correct sound for the actions that occur etc. I must say that it'd be great if certain individual sounds could be switched off (not sure if this can be done by accessing the game files) because the abilities you use the most like pure damage abilities all use the same audio file at the moment and it's a pretty loud sound and it drives me a bit mad sometimes.Art Style:I really like the style. It's really cartoony, really elegant and kinda hipster (but it's nice). I advise you to look at the pictures the devs have provided here on the Steam Store page (scroll up) and click on them to see them bigger so you can really see what you're gonna get. I don't know if there are people who would have a problem with this style, but it's hard to even notice when you're fighting a bunch of monsters and avoiding fire on the floor etc.Miscellanous:The game is pretty polished in general, I haven't noticed anything gamebreaking. I've personally reported some grammar and tooltip errors, one single bug and a couple of small suggestions. The game has an in-game feedback tab so you can very easily and very quickly report anything to the developers. They even responded to me the day after. Incredible communication with the people that are interested in actually testing the game and want to help the devs out squishing bugs etc.42/42 will play for many many more hours and I'm really looking forward to try the rogue class."
,Recommended,449960,34853997,Posted: 9 September,all,Joseph,"A great little ARPG.Best feature? You can scale the dungeons to how much time you have (Let's be honest, who hasn't sunken way too many hours into Diablo/Path Of Exile/Sacred/Click-Click Ad Infinitum.Got 5 minutes until your girlfriend gets home? Have a short dungeon.Kids are entertained with a new toy for approx. 19.5 minutes? Have a medium one. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off everyone in the family because you love videogames too much? Crank that dungeon scale up and enjoy your soon to be ARPG-induced-loneliness!"
,Recommended,449960,32836909,Posted: 26 June,all,Dadversity,"Normally, I might be saying wait for a better sale on this one -- or for a couple of updates.  It's a little slow right now, and I just did the dev survey saying as much.  It'd be nice if they added some more town options or sped up ways to level or access better cards sooner.  A tiny bit grindy, but then I'm an old dude who doesn't have tons of patience for hack and slash.But here's why I don't regret paying the $14 summer sale price.1. There was a free demo that let me see what I was getting into.  Yes, I know I can get a refund if I really don't like something, but a refund is a hassle compared to the no-hassle demo.2. It's a unique indie.  The pop-up book graphics, the card system, the story-- these are what made me want to continue after the demo.  (The unique graphics kind of make the combat a little clunky, but again, the demo will let you know if you can handle the combat or if it's too awkward.)3. Unlike countless other 'early access' games that haven't changed in years, this one seems to be under active development.  I mentioned the survey; the devs are aware of the potential areas for improvement, and they want to be responsive to the opinions of the players.4. Why does the archdemon have a duck?5. After the initial game start, the levels allow you to choose your own game-play times.  Have 8 minutes?  13?  Longer?  Good feature.6. Did I already clear that area?  Did I miss anything?  This game answers those questions as you go. No more wondering if there is something more to see.7.  I'll probably think of another item or two the next time I get into the game.  I'm also just scratching the surface of the game, and I haven't seen everything it has to offer.  I'm sure there will be plenty more to add here."
,Recommended,449960,24629818,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,2bitsolutions,"Very fun game that reeled me into 12 hours of play today. I'm in hell right now, would have probably beaten the game but ran into a bug that made me delete my profile and start over from scratch.Couple of things for the developers:Introduce a ""run"" functionality to the game. Back tracking your steps can be very time consuming with how slow the character movesMini map of where you are currently at in the dungeon would be very helpfulGet rid of the floating stars you have to click. I'm not sure why this is in the game but I suspect it's for future mobile release? In my opinions, it's a pretty tidious game mechanic that is very annoying.Add armor and weapon gear. Some way to customize the look of our characters would be cool."
,Recommended,449960,26449062,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,sprsclr,"OverviewBook of Demons is a hack & slash which pays homage to Diablo with a few twists - it is set in a paper-cut universe like in a pop-up book, and everything you can equip, use, do comes in the form of cards that you assemble into your loadout to conquer the said Paperverse. You start out with 3 card slots out of the maximum of 10 available. Card slots are unlocked using gold and cost incrementally more. As of the build I played (0.75.11062+), only the Warrior class is available. The other 2 classes - Mage and Rogue will be released at a later date according to theroadmapbut apart from this the game is pretty complete for an Early Access game. The total of 32 cards in the Warrior's arsenal are divided into Artifacts (equipment - e.g. weapons, armor, trinkets), Items (e.g. potions, bombs, town portal scroll) and Spells (e.g. Mighty Blow, Charge, Blade Storm). All Artifacts have a mana cost which effectively reduces your mana pool available for using Spells (Items have no mana cost). Leveling up allows you to increase your health or mana, which translates to taking more hits / casting more spells. You do not actually grow stronger by levelling up. Instead you increase in strength by discovering new cards or upgrading your existing cards using gold and runes you find.DungeoneeringYour goal is of course to take care of The Archdemon that awaits you in the depths of hell. At major intervals you'll find 3 familiar main bosses of Diablo I - The Archdemon being the final boss. So how do the dungeons play out?The Flexiscope system let's you decide how big / long a session you wish to play and randomly generates an appropriate dungeon of that size / depth. The range available for selection goes from Very Small (2 floors, ~8 mins) to Very Big (~4-7 floors, ~40+ mins). Note that the progress / rewards are balanced across all sizes that you choose. What it really means is, even if you have only a few minutes Flexiscope will give you a dungeon that still fits your needs. Pure awesome! =)You traverse the dungeons in set paths and eliminate the various enemies that you come across by clicking on them. Enemies with elements will have their own quirks e.g. fire enemies are easier to take out with a ice weapon equiped. Boss monsters are pretty fun too. They are like multi-stage enemies in that each stage brings out a different attack pattern / attribute. Having said that, being constrained to a set path can be annoying but for the most part the game has designed it's way around it fairly well. Unlike you, the enemies can swarm at you from all directions however you are given spells / items to get out of those difficult situations.The one thing that did trouble me was the fact thatyou cannot walk through enemies - they block your path. So if you're surrounded the only way you're getting out is to clear the enemies on either side. It sounds trivial but the combat mechanics of later enemies compound this problem. Shielded enemies can only be damaged after you take out their shields, enemies may charge at you or teleport onto you and archers will be raining death on to you whilst summoners add to their growing numbers. I think you can see how a situation can quickly get out of hand especially when your auto-attack can only hit 3 enemies at a time with a fully upgraded Shadow Sword (Artifact).Once you complete Adventure Mode (by taking out The Archdemon), you unlock Freeplay mode and slowly you will unlock the higher difficulties which are made more difficult by forcing you to use a certain number of random cards during a session, having bosses which curse your cards rendering them useless while the boss lives and having harsh penalties for dying (gold loss, card loss, etc). Lastly if that isn’t enough of a challenge there’s Daredevil mode (equivalent of Diablo’s Hardcore mode) and a leaderboard for that.WorldbuildingThe NPCs available - Healer, Barmaid, Sage, Fortune Teller all have clear counterparts to Diablo (except The Healer). The links to Diablo are fairly obvious but are done tastefully in my opinion and I would think they must have chose the voice actors carefully. Reason being they sound remarkably similiar to the voices in Diablo but at the same time are clearly different (hope that makes sense!). It's a pity that they have limited lines of gossip to go through. There are cutscenes for each major boss and I think nobody gives the devs enough credit for the rhymes they put in there. =)ConclusionAll in all, it’s a good game that I hope becomes better with the remaining features on the roadmap. I think it would definitely help to have more cards and better balance (some upgrades feel less meaningful). Some have complained about the difficulty / lack of variety in the enemies and / or procedurally generated dungeons but personally I did not find this a problem. For the record, I did not encounter any bugs during my entire time with the game.[EDIT] Although Adventure Mode can be completed without experimenting with the card combinations, the late game at higher difficulties requires understanding what combos are viable with the imposed hand. For example, if Blade Storm gets imposed. Do I build a powerful crowd control build - Blade Storm + Shadow Sword + Burning Axe / Frozen Flail or a more flexible build – Blade Storm + Dagger + Amulet of Mana? In either case, you are still free to swap out cards on the fly to adjust your build to the enemies you are currently facing. Conclusion : Late game is surprisingly well balanced and those hardcore achievements (no equiped cards / no healing) are truly difficult BUT achievable."
76561198063806609,Recommended,449960,34671706,Posted: 1 September,all,Nocturammus,Very enjoyable dungeon crawler. Ran into an issue while playing and devs helped resolve my issue within 24 hours. You can't beat that level of support. I highly reccomend this game and can't wait for the future installments in the return2games series.
,Recommended,449960,26620932,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hezb0,"Played the DEMO and bought the full game just a couple minutes later, I knew it would amaze me. And it still does! It's the perfect mix of ARPG (Diablo, of course!) and card game with a lot of references about the ARPG history and refreshing mechanics. Don't miss this gem, guys :)"
76561197970639679,Recommended,449960,24592816,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,👻 DriadiTa 👻,"Well since I've played 1.9h I want to share my thoughts with you guys (sorry for my english gramar I'm spanish).The game is nice, there are a few things that can be improved but works really fine. It's a mix of Diablo, Paper Mario and point and click. I just played with the mouse (keyboard is just for a few keys).POSITIVE+ You can send a feedback everytime you want to the devs, aslo sometimes after close the game you can make an optional survey to share your thoughs with the devs.+ Toons of skills, spells, monsters.You can choose your dificulty dungeon based on :+ The estimated time you will play (this is great if you run out of time)+ The more time you choose to play the dungeon (you can leave to town without any penalty) the more rewards and loot you get.NEGATIVE- There are some bugs with the mouse, sometimes you can't pick any loot.- Cannot mute the Sage when he is talking about the bestiary.- Cannot pause the game while in tutorial, the game still playing as the enemies can hit you while you are reading it.- Hard to pick the cards (when you have toons of them) in combat, you can die if you don't have a faster mouse.Do I recommend this game? YES13€ - 14$ well expended!!!9/10Thanks for reading!!!Escribo esto en ingles puesto que el juego está en inglés, pero si teneis alguna duda o sugerencia puedo ponerlo también en español, lo dejo solo en un idioma para no extenderme mucho."
,Recommended,449960,31678407,Posted: 10 May,all,greenorb,good paper graphics style hack 'n slash dungeon crawler.fun enemies and provides a reasonable challenge.includes hardcore mode for perma-death as well (optional)Developers plan on releasing several games from what I've heard.
,Recommended,449960,32293840,Posted: 9 June,all,King Yaurgh,Diablo I - Paper Mario Adventures
,Recommended,449960,30284915,Posted: 2 March,all,JJ,"It's like if Dungeons of Dredmor, Darkest Dungeon, Diablo and Hands of Fate had an orgy and this is what come out. . ."
,Recommended,449960,27909692,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,{-o-} Baltazar,"Book of Demons is a beautiful homage to a classic 90s game: Diablo 1.Return 2 Games (the developer) has managed to capture the essence of the original game and yet add to it their own special flair.Combining the hack and slash action of the original with a new card system that seems to do right what later games have done wrong with a skill system. Cards are the lifeblood of your character; they're your items, spells, equipment, and skills. Equiping armor or weapons ""reserves"" some of your mana so you can cast fewer spells. It's a technique that has been done before, but it always carries some charm for me. The system seems quite well balanced and I'm looking forward to seeing how the mage and rogue classes play out.If you loved Diablo 1 then give this game a try! It captures the mood, atmosphere, and gameplay splendidly while re-creating the whole in a unique way. I garauntee that you won't be disappointed (and if you're skittish then give the FREE DEMO a whirl).~S~"
,Recommended,449960,28790586,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheSyntox,Fantastic Diablo-like game. Cut-out paper graphics with beautiful animations and sounds. Still under development so more fun to come.
,Recommended,449960,33633559,Posted: 18 July,all,Wyrmling,"This game i a great homage to diablo (yes, the first one).But don't get it wrong - it's not a remake in style of a popup book, it differs some more.The greatest issue at starting i had was that you only can follow the „path” through the dungeon, while the monsters can roam free. I got used to it fast and had lots of fun with the game.Unlike in other games you dont have equipment in traditional sense here. You only have lifepoints, mana and cards.The cards can be spells or can be equipment. If you cast spells, your mana is consumed and you have to refill it with potions, wells, regenerating amulets (nothing new here). If you choose to wear some of the equipmentcards, a portion of your mana gets „locked”. This mana is required to wear the equipment and can't be used for casting spells any more.This leaves you with  some place for tinkering with your equipment and spells (if you upgrade your equip, it will consume more mana).Another nice part of the game shows up after the first tutorial. Unlike most games of this type, you can choose how long you want to play for progress in one session. You have to get down into the dungeon to a specific depth to reach a boss. You can choose how big your journey will be from small to really big - 10 minutes to an hour. Depending on your choice the dungeonfloors will get bigger or smaller and your progress will be more or less.The enemies differ quite a bit and require slightly different tactics to defeat them - especially the bosses.In deeper floors it can get a little bit annoying / crowded. (Number of enemies can escalate quickly).<<<<<<<<<<<<<< Storytime >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>It was a day like any other, as i wandered deep into the dungeons, entering a room suppressing a yawn.With a broad grin i greated my old friend Mr Gargoyle. „Hi there, what's up? Wanna chill a few minutes?“I casually walked in, ready to pat Mr Gargoyle gently on his shoulders with my mace of frosting and shaking his hand with my axe of flames.A few steps in, i noticed another visitor. Startled i looked at him, sighing „drat, this guy again”. Louder greating him „Oh, hello, Mr Priestboss”. With a dark and somehow chilly voice he answered nonchalantly „ah, great you could make it, Mr Warrior. We just wanted to invite you to our party. Please, .... take a seat.”„Thanks alot. I will. Just have to greet Mr Gargoyle properly.”I dashed as fast as i could - meaning walking speed - over to Mr Gargoyle and started smashing my club at his read. He shrug if off with a damp thud and a slight crack in his grey and stony skin.„How impolite,“ roared Mr Priestboss, „you even did not let me finish my introduction,“ he continued slightly agitated.„Do you know my friend over there?” He was pointing to another corner of the room and waved his friend over. “May i introduce? Mr Other-Priestboss.”At that time, i was whacking the second time at Mr Gargoyles Skull. THUDDDD.„Oh, and we brought some other friends....“ i heard him thundering across the room.Turning my head i saw him and Mr Other-Priestboss chanting. Both of them conjuring some Bodyguards (as we all know the law of the adventurers prohibits attacking bosses while they conjure reinforcements).Drat.I was whacking furiously at Mr Gargoyle now. Big chunks of stone flying left and right.Some hits later i managed to look back at Mr Priestboss and Mr Other-Priestboss, again. Their Bodyguards hat just arrived. They greeted with a slight nod of their head and echoed in a chorus „We.... got.... friends..... too...”Still  pummeling Mr Gargoyle - or like he is called now Mr Gravel-on-the-Floor i slightly panicked.Think Mr Warrior, think.A few seconds later  forming a plan in my mind: First, kill the bodyguards of the bodyguards, then kill the bodyguards, then kill Mr Priestboss, and another go for Mr Other-Priestboss.Starting with full running speed - walking the same pace as ever- i charged the first bodyguard, which exploded. Having a run, i smashed a second one with my mace, a third with my flaming axe, leaving a blazing trail in the air, melting the snowflakes of the mace.At that time, i noticed the error i made. I charged into the room, uncovering more of the floor to come. Some of the monsters in front of me, some closing in from behind. I was trapped, for i could not leave the trail in the middle of the room don't get too close to the walls they teach us in explorerschool. Damn that mental imprinting,No time to turn back!Swinging my mace and axe in unity, i made a few steps.... and the world exploded.Some of the bodyguards conjured more of their pals, mages at the other end of the room spitting magic missiles at me.Bonearchers shooting flaming arrows of doom at me, some spiders - where the hell did they come from? Are they pals of pals, too? - started to freeze the ground i was walking on. With a meteorite from the sky a bunch of imps came crushing down, immidiately starting to set the floor ablaze - a floor can freeze and burn at the same time? .... i never knew from the books at adventurerschool. More spawns of hell were throwing vials of poison at me....THUDDDDDD. Darkness surrounded me.A few moments later i came to my senses again. I was lying in one corne of the room inside a flaming fiasko in front of me stalagmites out of ice, behind me the massive boulder a gargoyle propelled at my head.Poisonous gas everywhere.The room filled to the brim with Mr Priestboss, Mr Other-Priestboss, their friends, friends of their friends, friends of their friends friends....  and me lying in one corner, sobbing tremendously, whining with soft voice between the sobs.„All i wanted to do, is chill for a few minutes.”<<<<<<<<<<<<<<End of Storytim >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Pro:+ unique artsyle+ flexsystem for timeplanning+ good pace (except for backtracking)+ Interresting equipmentsystem / cardsystem+ if you played diablo you will get the nostalgia+ a lot of fun playing+ there is a demo (which you should play, if you are not sure about the game)+ active developersContra:- sometimes the walking speed is a bit too slow (hello backtracking)- some of the mobs can instablock you at the entrance of a dungeon (happened one time)- ( sometimes situations escalate quickly - but that happens a lot in these type of games).Conclusion:9 / 10Would definitely chill again with Mr Priesboss"
76561198008265661,Recommended,449960,30847100,Posted: 30 March,all,Blackwall,"Cut out avatar.  CheckCut out NPCs.  CheckEasy interface.  CheckWitty, but not indulgent.  CheckImmediately engrossing.  CheckExcellent voice acting.  CheckEasy to grasp.  CheckKookie achievements.  CheckInteresting, but not overly complicated.  CheckTry the demo.  CheckBuy the game.  Check"
76561198028086019,Recommended,449960,30488628,Posted: 13 March,all,zais,"Third person isometric Card/RPG game based on original Diablo from 1996.Main issue is minimal character customizations (aside from cards on your belt).Game is still in Early Access, so some features are not implemented yet.Good+ Nice references to Diablo+ Simple gameplay+ Stable and fluied (zero issues with what announced as done)+ Stilyzed and pleasing to eye visuals+ Music and Visuals are bulding just right mood (similar to Diablo)Bad- Repetitive- Level ups are very limited (life or mana, thats all)- Some features are not implemented (still in development)- May be a bit too casual (for die hard RPG fans)Bottom Line: Good casual card game for fans of Diablo."
,Not Recommended,449960,24646420,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lord Revan,"I have mixed experiences about this game. Also, please note that this review is from an Early Access version of the game (first release to be specific). I've played Book of Demons for two hours and have experienced a fair amount of the game to write this review. Now this review is very much my opinion, but I will be explaining the positives and negatives with both facts and feeling.Book of Demons is an ARPG that is ment to be a Paperverse parody of the first Diablo game. It uses a familiar feel of the Diablo franchise (both in looks, gameplay, and story) but makes itself a unique take on the hack-n-slash classic.So in Book of Demons you have a hand made up of cards obtained throughout the dungeons you explore. You start out with the capacity for only three cards but can begin to expand to a maxamum of 10 cards in your hand. These cards can be interchanged at any time, allowing for various ways of playing your character. When you die in a dungeon you lose everything in your hand, as well as all of your money; the only way to get your cards and money back is by finding your body in the dungeon and picking up your items. This sounds simple enough but can become quite problematic.A big issue with this is that you can easily and quickly become overwhelmed by mobs of enemies that: poison upon death, freeze you in place, can stun you, surround you (which stops you from escaping), and many other things. If you become surrounded, poisoned, frozen and so forth you can very quickly die. The worst offender of them all becomes the stun mechanic which forces you to catch several wandering stars inorder to take any action in the game again, all the while the enemies are killing you... horribly.In additon, the movement while in combat is atrocious. When you go to attack an enemy, there are times when it doesnt register right, or you miss click ever so slightly, and begin charging to the enemy horde. Meanwhile, when you try to move away from the enemies, you have to spam click only to be rewarded with the character hesitently moving away from the mobs. Getting your character to backtrack away from enemies is one of the most frustrating things about this game.Not to mention everything costs money. Everything. And a LOT of it. First hand expansion slot? 5,000 gold. The second? 10,000. Rune merging, card charging (the ones that require it), card upgrading, culdron of rewards, identifying an unknown item, and more... all cost. Its quite excessive, unnecessarily so. Even for a grindy dungeon crawling hack-n-slash.Now while I have some grievences I do have things that I love about this game. The art style for one. I absolutely love the pop-up style design of Book of Demons. Then theres the voice acting, which is rich and captivating. The funny nuances and unique beastery, mixed with a wondeful ambeance, really bring this game to life in a spectacular way. Not to mention all the different combinations of cards you can set as your hand, giving you many different ways to play Book of Demons.So, allow me to simplify this with a pro's and cons list to allow for a more condensed viewing:Pro's:*Art*Music*Voice Acting*Random Dungeon Generation*Conceptulization*Card System*Reward System*Runs SmoothCon's:*Stun System*Overly Brutal at Early Levels*Just Overly Brutal in General*Movement While in Combat*Death is too Harsh*Everything is Costly*Monsteres Swarm You Stopping You From EscapingThese are just a few of the Pro's and Con's, as going into an even further explination would make this review become much longer. In the end, there were so many issues with my dungeon experience, it made progressing impossible. I've played Diablo II and Diablo III for a very long time, and have completed them on the most extreme of difficulties. This, however, made me struggle out of nowhere.For the first hour everything was okay with minor challenge as I was learning how to play. During the second hour the difficulty shot to a level that you would expect from the end layers of the game. I wanted this game to be amazing, and during the beginning it was... it was only after the first hour that my fun turned into an unbearable frustration of inpassability.If you are a fan of the Diablo franchise, and were expecting it to be like Diablo but with a unique comedic twist, then this game is not for you. If however, you enjoy ARPG hack-n-slash games and do not mind the current issues that may or may not ever be resolved, then please, buy this game and have fun. Maybe oneday I will re-purchase this game, but so long as it remains a game that I cannot complete with all the issues I had encountered then I shall move on to the next thing.I recomend this game to people who love ARPG's and hack-n-slash game who do not mind the extreme difficulty and wonky mechanics. For anyone else, take some time to watch a lot of videos on it and research if this really is a game you would enjoy. Don't just go for it over the first few glances you see. Just be weary, prospective buyer. I hope other people have a better experience that I had."
76561198158149244,Recommended,449960,31158958,Posted: 15 April,all,tuckboat,"Well Book Of Demons is a hack n' slash that has what I can only describe as a ""Hurry up and click here!"" mechanic and a collectible card inventory/spell/ability etc. system. Both ideas are new to this genre and it's good to see that something different has alot of love on the reviews here. So much love in fact that I wanted to chime in with a ""no recommend"" personally despite the fact that there's alot going on here to like. I am still marking this as ""recommend"" since Steam refuses to let us rate anyway besides up or down and while it's not for me so I can't personally recommend it I will say it's worth a go if you think it might be your thingIt's a tough call for me since this isn't a bad game, necessarily. It's just not the kind of game I enjoy for a couple of reasons but the real reason for the no recommend is that to me it just feels more like a f2p clicker game from kongregate than a game I am willing to pay $20 bucks for on steam. Given it's polished up to look pretty and sounds great and I'll give kudos on that note.The good...Paper pop-up art style aesthetic was well doneGame runs wellVoice Acting very well doneInventory System is simple and it should be if you don't want Inventory Managment to be a part of the gameAC/DCSimply Simple Control Scheme that provides limited movement options and limited optionsHurry! Click here quick! mechanics are not really my cup of tea but some may like it....Cards as far as I can tell are only used as placeholders for equipment/spells etc. as inventory spots so there isn't really a card ""game"" mechanic but just a collectible item mechanic that happen to be on cardsNot so good.....1 hour in and already the combat of this game is very repetitive which can be okay if you LOVE the combat but extremely tedious if you do not care for it.Depth allegedly comes as you play for longer and watching a let's play semi-confirms that it does evolve a bit but not much and it starts off very slow (three card equip slots) and mind numbingMinor complaint but worth mentioning in this type of game - the loot system felt kinda of meh and mehed because of the all in one collectible card mechanic that makes the inventory system so fluid.It feels too slow and clunky to be considered an ACTION game in my book and it fails to have the depth necessary to make real-time strategy and/or turnbased games interestingThe polish is such that I'll actually rate this one as a 6/10 but I wouldn't recommend it personally."
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,449960,30362609,Posted: 6 March,all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"Game in its current state feels closer to a mobile diablo knockoff than a proper PC ARPG.On a rail movement really hinders gameplay. Dialogue with NPCs in town is uninteresting. Music is plain and adds little to atmosphere. Needs a LOT more quests to break up the continual grind (3 quests in total currently?). Character attributes are nonexistent, the choice of health or mana at level up is made pointless by having whichever you didn't choose available to collect in town at a small fee. Looting is extremely boring as the current card set is small, so nearly everything just gives you gold.The entire card system needs a lot of work. You should not have to choose between whether to use equipment, potions or skills. Making choices of which skills to use is an important part of any ARPG. Having to choose between a skill and a health potion is very questionable. Having to choose between a health potion and equipment is absurd. Equipment needs its own window, if something is passive only and does not have an ability that can activate than it has no place on the skillbar. Upgrading cards makes things a bit more interesting but is a poor substitute for proper card variety.I had some fun with the title (first 4 hours to be specific, explains the huge number of positive reviews from those who played less than that) but quickly became frustrated and can't see myself spending any more time with it until significant changes come. The game feels like something you would buy for $5 on the app store (or freemium, just sell gold and packs of upgrade cards and you are there), not a $25 PC title."
76561197997793567,Recommended,449960,34423581,Posted: 22 August,all,Cordell,"UPDATE:  I am amazed at the level of support from this Dev!  The latest update fixed every issue I had with the controller, targeting, and button identifiers.  It had a huge impact on gameplay.  Have zero issues with the game now!  Before I was really having trouble hitting the correct targets, so I just had to plow through them in the order they appeared, it seemed to get stuck on certain targets.  This is no longer an issue, and my poor mage is surviving a lot better now!I'm going to write this from a ""blind"" point of view.  Before yesterday I had not really looked at this game, it was on my wish list, but then again so are like a million other things that I might be interested in.  It popped up on my radar through Steam suggestion, saw the huge positve reviews, and the fact that it had a demo.  So why not try it!  I also don't really know what's on the radar for future updates.  I hate spoilers, and really don't watch videos or read reviews much.  Only enough to get the basic idea of what a game is about.Positive:+I really like how you can adjust how long your run will be, and that it calculates this based on your personal time completing runs.+More varied strategy than it at first appears.+Very nice visuals/art style.  Pop-up bookish.+Nice card upgrades/mechanics, make sure you properly seat each card tightly into it's slot!+Enough random goodies to be interesting, but not overdone like Diablo or Torchlight.Neutral:I have to say I am a bit worried about Corpse Runs!  I had a real bad flashback to the late 90's playing Everquest. In Everyquest you die 18 levels down in some dungeon and have to painfully run back down and get your ... naked.  This is somewhat similar.  However you don't have to start over from the entrance, and it is not really too painful to get your stuff back.  I died in a room with the mage full of nasty armored dudes, took me a few tries to get my stuff back.  All in all it was NOT very painful.  This could have been a huge turnoff for me, but I think it's done well.Negative:-I use a steam controller for almost everything I play.  I was happy to see they included a Steam Controller profile, I love it when a dev puts some time into making a really nice profile.  However my first run or two in the demo was really not fun.  The buttons are ALL labeled wrong!  So it kept telling me to smash armor with the Y button , when it actually was the B button!  Not a huge negative, but really annoying.  I'm old, it took me a while to remember which buttons to hit when due to the on screen prompts always being wrong!  An hour or so of messing around and it was not really a problem any more.  And I could always make my own steam controller profile for it.  Not a huge issue. Maybe there is a way to set this in options, I did really dig for it.-Targeting.  Once again this may just be a steam controller issue.  I had a little difficulty using the right track pad to target.  WIth some practice this was not a terrible issue, I just felt like there could still be some improvement to it.  Not a game breaker for me.-Atmosphere.  It's early access, and I'm only four hours into the game.  I'm hoping there is a lot more variety to the setting.  It all seems similar.   Maybe I'm not far enough into the game, not sure, just beat the first boss at 4 hours.-Also probably because it's early access.  Not a lot of character types to choose from.  Only two at the moment, a warrior and a mage.   A 3rd one says coming soon!  What would make this game absolutely perfect for me is about a dozen unique character types (maybe even DLC packs).I am really having a lot of fun with this game.  I rarely buy things full price, took a shot at this after playing the demo.  The game mechanics are unique.  I would have a hard time comparing this to another game, although Diablo comes the closest, if it used cards instead of gear.  I think the difficulty is just right.  My negative points are all very minor.  The corpse run I was worried about seemed to be a non issue (was more my fault dying 4 times in a row, have to learn to play the mage better)."
,Recommended,449960,33621044,Posted: 17 July,all,Maldred,"I played the demo  first and fell in love... This is what companies need to be doing first when they are in alpha stages; is creating demos for us to try before we buy! The team is putting a lot of love into it too, I can see that!"
76561197970677575,Recommended,449960,25422705,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,BazookaJoe,If your a fan of diablo and are quite time poor like myself then I cannot reccomend this game more! Even though the game is still in early acess it is quite polished and I have had really enjoyed it.Check out their website to get an insight on how and why they started the first in a long list of games. Its been great seeing the game grow and I always look forward to the new updates/ patches.Help them achieve their goals and bring great games to everyone! I even purchased the supporters bundle and cant wait to try out their next games.
,Recommended,449960,25580381,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Paetus Maleficus Augustus,"I very much enjoy this game. It has the strategy of a card game with the craziness of Diablo. Very satisfying to clear a floor or beat up a whole group of enemies. Very much looking forward to getting new content. Do note that it is early access, so there are plenty of features which have not been implemented. If they keep up as they have been, it seems like this will be a game to watch.Edited after Oct 30th ish update.This game has gotten a lot of depth with the inclusion of imposed cards, cursed cards, and the leaderboard.Daredevil mode keeps you interested and on the edge of your seat. If you die, you die. thats it. you gotta start over. Every move counts.The imposed cards (cards you have to take) and cursed cards (cards made unusable by bosses while they are alive) makes this game into one of the rare games where, while there may be an op combination or two or three or seven, there is no ""right"" hand that you have to take everytime. Very often I find myself switching cards just because I can.Lastly the community is one of the best parts of this game. Konstanty responds within 24 hours and the rest of the community is always ready to help you with anything you need.TLDR give it a good solid try, I think you will find it much more enjoyable than one might think :D"
,Recommended,449960,28387293,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jesse,"Amazing game already, and still in early release, with constant developement, so it's only going to get betetr!The early release is about content and balance only, NOT BUGS, unlike alot of early-releases - the game is completely playable and very stable (I haven't had a single crash, lock-up, etc). I have a lvl 40 warrior - of 50 levels possible - and have completed the campaign, and played every difficulty of free-play at this point. So I can tell you there is more than enough content to get your money's worth!Make no mistake, this is a completely playable game, they just haven't completed some of the content features that you'd normally see released as DLC by less scrupulous companies, are balancing late game elements, and perfecting some of the control elements that you'd expect from a full-release, so they're calling it early release. Bless their souls! (HINT HINT guys! If you need more sales and developemnt capital, make those extra classes DLC and the base game a little cheaper - I know I'd go for it!  ;)There are some game minor balance issues, mostly in late game, and room for some more polishing without a doubt, but the devs are quick and very responsive to the community, and there's a feedback button right on the left side of the screen so you can comment right in-game! They clearly want your feedback!As you can see I've already logged 30 hours of play time in the week or so since I bought it. I got it during the sale, but the value per dollar even at full price is a great deal in my book, and I fully plan to buy some gift coppies for my friends!I've been burnt by early-access in the past, so I understand warriness, but this is one early access I have had absolutely no remorse in participating in, I've already got my money's worth, so it's all gravy from here!Here's hoping this company gets off the ground and gets to fully realize their vision!"
,Recommended,449960,33087601,Posted: 1 July,all,FFigh,"Having played Diablo, Path of Exile, Grim Dawn and some other hack n slash/aRPG (however you want to class them) games, I must say Book of Demons has a weird charm to it... It just feels fresh with its systems and gameplay.It might be a bit simplistic, almost mobile game like but it's also quite addicting and you can tell the team behind it are in with their hearts. The visual style might be off-putting to some people, personally I quite like it... You can tell the game draws a lot from the original Diablo and throws in some tongue in cheek humor.I mean... At least give it a go! How often do you see a early access game that offers a free demo?"
76561198086047337,Recommended,449960,24589022,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Baelmung,"So, looking at the game on steam store page, I debated for about 2 hours to buy this. I love hack and slash/ diablo like games. The loot grind calls my name. But the artistic direction threw me off of an impulse buy. But I am so glad that I picked it up.So, this game is the first in a 7 game series to pay homeage to old pc gems. This is obviously based on the first Diablo game. How did they do?  Fantastic. This game is just great. I dont feel like i am playing diablo at all, but I can see the inspiration. That is what makes me so happy. If I want to play Diablo, I'll just go do that. But this game is unique in its art direction and game mechanics in a great way.So how was my experience? Well, I thought I woud write my review after an hour-hour and a half. At around the point where people debate refunds from steam. So what am I thinking? Well, after about 20 minutes in the game, a bit of world building an a small dungeon later, I encounter one of this games best features, IMO.So, I am a husband and a PhD student working on his disertation in post-quantum crypto. So my gaming hobby doesnt get all the time i wish it did. But, sometimes I ahve 15 minutes of nothing and would liek to hop into a game. I cant try to get back into a game like witcher3 where I would barely get into a side quest. Not enough time for a round of my moba or mmo of the month. Yet, Book of Demons has a beautiful solution. So, when you go to enther the dungeon, after your first one, you encounter a slider bar, which changes the lenth of dungeon you can enter, with a time estimator. This time estimator will learn based on your previous dungeon runs to become more accurate. This feature alone made me go to the main website and purchase the founders bundle for all 7 games. (I dont expect this feature in all 7, but this game just made me too happy to not want to throw my money at R2G)So, now when I have 10 minutes or an hour, I can choose a dungeon of appropiate length, and have a blast with the card based ability/armor/loot system. I know there is a good amount of humor and movie/game references in this game, which I look forward to finding. Also, for achievement hunters, this game has 150 i believe? I read that in a forum post, so dont quote me on that.Anyway, sorry for the long review, but just a fantastic job Return 2 Games. I look forward to the final product of Book of Demons and the other 6 installments of your series. I gladly throw my money at you for your hard work and will continue to be a happy customer."
,Recommended,449960,29395286,Posted: 21 January,all,Illusion,"I originally picked this game up as I thought it was similar to Hero Siege ( a good way to kill time). Hero Siege for me is lack lustre and very repetitive, if you gain enough poweryou can easily just stand around and let monsters come to you and then kill them. This game is the complete opposite, having only one book at the time of this review, there is a lot more going on for this game than any I have encountered. I was blown away by the charm of the game, the graphics are great without taking away from the performance of the game. Despite being early access, it is extremely stable. The game itself has a great amount of mechanics to it, such as card based spells, attacks, equips etc. I highly recommend this game as it is a true gem and more people should be playing it. Unfortunately there is no multiplayer yet, but this game is truly deserving of local and online co-op because it is that enthralling."
76561198001516974,Recommended,449960,31360912,Posted: 25 April,all,Mercer,Visually and gameplay-wise amazing game.However do not just look at this early access titel - check out and think about the manifesto of Return2Games as well!
76561198036297977,Recommended,449960,31641869,Posted: 9 May,all,Aiglor,"Mini-diablo :) Kill'em all, grab treasure and don't die! Or just try to ))"
76561198013317564,Recommended,449960,28955034,Posted: 2 January,all,Whytestallion,"A good game. Still needs work (not a whole lot of content) but the devs obviously are doing that little by little. Game is fun, unique in playstyle. Kinda hate the linear travel but that's about my only gripe. Gives a unique aspect to ARPG style by combining mana into ""equipment"" choice. Would recommend buying."
,Recommended,449960,27078652,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Instant Karma,Diablo in a paper-verse!
76561197984712984,Recommended,449960,24665416,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Liguar,"Great game. I personally love the art style, but the real selling point for me are things that deviate from the current Diablo 3 style of hack and slash game, that annoy me.1) Equipment and abilities. Rather than collecting gear and going for a cookie cutter ""optimal build"" you collect cards, with the intention of being able to switch them around with at whim. This means you do not suffer from tedious inventory/stash issues, and can change your build on the fly to deal with whatever you encounter along the way. You have to balance your resources between passive ""equipment"" type cards and active abilities/items with on use properties.2) Mousing over collection of basic resources. Seriously, how long have people asked in D3 to not have to click on materials to pick them up? Here you can just mouse over gold, and whilst you have to click other items you find, they are more sparse and therefore a lot less annoying to pick up.3) Mechanics. Don't stand in the♥♥♥♥♥♥on the ground, pull carefully, interrupt casters, and dodge missiles. Thus far missiles have been dodgeable since you get an indicator of where they will hit allowing you to sidestep. Pretty much everything frustrating that is encountered in this game has an answer in the cards.4) Restrained use of visual effects. If you're like me, you get super tired of incessant, flashy, pixel vomit explosions. This game uses visual effects sparingly which allows you to more easily see where e.g. ranged mobs are shooting from, where missiles will hit, and nasty stuff that you don't want to be standing in.TL;DR - if you liked classic games that weren't just mindless spamming of noisy/flashy spell effects, then give this one a shot."
76561198024050400,Recommended,449960,34806114,Posted: 7 September,all,iHugTrees ^_^,"I don't know if you guys watched 'Deal or No Deal' tv show.  This is similar.  Except you have Diablo as the villain instead of the annoying tv host.  There are lots of minions withholding cash, etc in suitcases/vases from you and it's your job to snatch it from them, one way or another.They're 85% finished, and it's very playable already!!  Different gameplay to Diablo2, but they're best drinking buddies."
,Recommended,449960,26354221,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,o4zloiroman,"Diablo on rails with fantastic aesthetics and addicting gameplay. Not a dungeon crawler in the conventional sense, but rather closer to cookie-clicker where your clicks actually matter."
,Recommended,449960,28960982,Posted: 2 January,all,Gado,"Long time Diablo fan reporting, this game gave me a first bad inpression because you could only walk on the paths instead of walking freely, but once you understand the general rules it kinda grows on you.I thought it was going to be a crappy Diablo rip off, but i actually died a couple of times already. A game with valanced difficulty where you can actually die even if you are playing non-chalantly says a lot of good things about it.It felt like i was playing some sort of single player Dungeons and Dragons.The lack of animations on the characters really added a little charm to the game, and the refferences and descriptions were hilarious.Question: Is there going to be multiplayer for this game in the future?"
,Recommended,449960,28961763,Posted: 2 January,all,[GD] Sinizar,A fun spoof on Diablo.  The game only gets better the longer you play.
,Recommended,449960,31747579,Posted: 14 May,all,JackGargan,"I've never really enjoyed Diablo-Style games. Y'know the kind where you just click something to attack or do something. But honestly, this one has actually made me smile a few times to the point where I'm having a suprising amount of fun with it.I'd personally recommend it to anyone. It's a bit tamer by the standards of similar games but has a lot of character and the art style of having everything be represented through folded paper cutouts is something I've never actually seen before in a game.Also the fact that I can alter the length of a dungeon before entering it makes it easier to finish before I leave for work. Or I can extend the size to the maximum and just relax for a bit...well as far as being attack by goatmen and ghosts goes anyway!Good luck to the dev's working on Return 2 Games!"
76561198252050850,Recommended,449960,31770755,Posted: 15 May,all,David,"This game really is a gem. It's hack and slash with a twist. As you go deeper into the dungeons you'll soon discover the richness of this game. You have to think carefully which cards you equip for those cards determine what skills, potions or spells you can use.You never know what's gonna lurk around the next corner...do I go in full throtle or pick them off one by one? The music fits the ambiance of the game very well and the graphics are also very nice, everything in the gameworld is build up from folded paper.Also...the developers listen to hints and tips from the community, kudos for that!Graphics: Good. The folded paper approach is very nice and very well executedMusic: Very good, the music really drags you in furtherGameplay: Very good. A big pool of different opponents where you really have to think how to tackle themPrice: Very reasonableAll in all a very fresh game still in development but already a gem"
,Recommended,449960,31797601,Posted: 16 May,all,Quasarborn,"Book Of Demons, the humerous game with loving nugdes to the beloved Diablo 1 in Paper Mario'esque form. A fun and simple dungeon romp with nostalgic value peppered here and there throughout. Being a title which is as of yet not fully polished or finished, I have yet to find a single bug. The premise is your would-be hero travels down a vast mutil-leveld dungeon to fight to evil arch-demon. On your way you will collect cards which represent your items, such as armor, abilities and potions etc. The story and NPC's voice elements are where the comedy lies, without spoilling too much if you played D1 you will get a ton of smiles here, will tide you over for a while, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,449960,33618133,Posted: 17 July,all,Sexual Toast,"I've never left a review on a game before. But I have been long desperate to find a replacement for my previous addiction, Diablo(s) 2 and 3. Between Blizzard's many poor business practices regarding D3, and their especially poor PC support for the game, I've been wanting an excuse to uninstall it once and for all. And I have found it. This game perfectly recaptures that feeling of the procedural dungeon crawler with plenty of loot and leveling to be had, but with those systems amazingly polished and simplified to the point where it feels greatly satisfying, but doesn't feel like you're managing an Excel spreadsheet to min/max your character. Now, it is still early access, and there are still some missing features and rough edges to sand down, but it feels amazing already. This is a real diamond in the rough and one of the few times where Steam Early Access actually does what it's intended to do. I would easily buy this game at full price but if you can get it on sale, it's an absolute steal."
76561198025582907,Recommended,449960,28365396,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PieMaster00,"A fun and refreshing take on the hack and slash genre, using the age old trope of diving into a dungeon to slay a demon but given new life with the game play and graphics.PROS:+ The Flexiscope: Only have 8 minutes to play? No problem, you can adjust each quest to however long you want!+ The artistic style of everything being paper works great with the tone of the game+ How interactive the game is. Dodging boulders, breaking shields, curing poison, there are plenty of little things in the game that immerse you in it and keep you on your toes+ Fun card system of skills, items, and equipment for you to balance and play with to find the right fit for you+Great sound and music, a very obvious and well done homage to old school Diablo+ A fresh take on enemies, both mobs and bosses alike.Cons:- NPC voices are a little stale/irritating- Some of the latter level enemies can be more annoying than challenging.Overall this is a very fresh, fun, and interactive hack/slash game that could easily keep you entertained for hundreds of hours, in whatever size chunk you want"
76561198041178298,Recommended,449960,31637087,Posted: 8 May,all,RyuSora,This game is awesome. A breath of fresh air! Highly recommend it for diablo fans and dungeon crawl fans
76561198088595630,Recommended,449960,25719682,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Nurgling,I remember countless hours playing Diablo 1 on PC and PS1 and countless more with its children spawn. This game is a great trip down memory lane. This game seems to balance achievements for the completionist  gamer and casuals alike for a lot less than the AAA price. I look forward to the finish content.
76561198051174225,Recommended,449960,28173170,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chillrend,"Incredibly fun, engaging and interesting!Watching trailer is just not the same, there is a demo - that actually gives a lot of real game taste. Watching someone play this game is not the same! Its not HS game where you can have that much fun.10/10 for me so far.. 7hours in and I have an idea as of now its around 7-10hours playtime.(I choose biggest dungeon sets, so for me its gonna be 10hours)Music, sounds are just amazing. Its really well made. Cant recall a modern game to be that polished (in hack n slash games) Graphics great too. But skills are actually really unique and fun!When I finish this game its going to be 9/10 because, you cant replay with first time experience. :)"
76561198024960781,Recommended,449960,25372426,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Bleezip,"A charming little throw back to the classic action rpg Diablo. Only done in a beautiful paper pop-up book aesthetic.Gameplay: Semi on rails you take your hero down various corridors and hallways to slay monsters, level up and collect loot. Loot in this case is mainly gold and of course cards. Cards consist of your abilities. (A nice feature as it gives lots of ways to play the game!) And rune cards, which are used as a means to upgrading said ability cards coupled with a gold sum.The game shows an amazing amount of promise and the devs certainly deserve to be recognized for it's beautiful aesthetic and really addicting, easy to get into gameplay.Another incredibly nice feature is this game is great for if you have small amount of time as you can select how much you want to progress from simple 5 minute sessions to 45.The devs have also been very vocal on the steam forums about questions, curiosities, concerns, feedback be it negative or positive. It's a refreshing thing to see after so many atrocious games both in early access and fully released as of late."
76561198001934118,Recommended,449960,26547171,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Walter,Addictive and terribly fun.Can't wait for more content.
76561198004233645,Not Recommended,449960,28275361,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Aescher,"Let me start by saying I didn't hate this game.  It's ok.  It's even fun at times.Genre on this game is Hack & Slash Light?  The plot is almost exactly Diablo (the original from the 90's)Pros: In lieu of a loot pinata inventory system, you collect and upgrade a small selection of cards (~50) from which you make a hand of abilities.  The same slots are used for equipment, consumables, and abilites, so strategizing what to take becomes very engaging.  It's also kind of a trip down memory lane, and the pop-up-book art is really eye-catching.  The game is visually quite impressive.Cons: Whew.  I wanted to like this game so bad, but it really isn't good.  Lets start from the general problems and work our way to the specific.  The writing is pretty bad.  It's mostly grammatically correct, but it's just very bland, especially for something directly taken from another game.  I understand homage, but this game makes these tenative attempts at poking fun at the original (Showingdiablothe Archdemon on the map soaking in a lake of fire whilst holding a goth rubber ducky, slightly retheming the butcher to be the chef) but it doesn't really follow through on this.  It's a missed opportunity, because the art style lends itself to making this game at least passing funny.  Instead, the dialogue and event scripting is just bland.The combat system is equal parts brillant and bad.  The card system mentioned above is genius.  It's totally overshadowed by the fact that all dungeon crawling is done on rails.  Let me put a fine point on this.  There are defined, linear tracks that run throughout the dungeon that are the only paths of movement available to the characters.  This causes extraordinary amounts of frustration when trying to dodge enemy attacks.  If they're on the same rail as you, you're going to get hit.  This doesn't happen often, as they're all free roaming.  Additionally,  these rails have bad directional detection.  You can control them with mouse or keyboard, although I had more luck with the keyboard, the game still does not have consistent interpretation of direction, so at a critical point, your character can fatally turn the wrong way at a T-junction if you're not careful.  Games like this are meant to be a fight, but the fight shouldn't be against the controls.The character's ability to interact with the dungeon or its inhabitants is limited by a light radius.  If an enemy isn't in your light radius, you can't click them.  Since there's no such thing as melee, per se, this is the big limiting factor on attacking.  The problem is that it's pretty indistinct as to when things are in your light radius.  However, it also acts as a limit for most range attacks.  This is particularly problematic with the Mage, who really needs to do what casters in every Hack & Slash game have done since the genre's inception and fire blazing death blindly into adjacent, unseen areas to kill/weaken the things in there enough that the squishy person can survive the ensuing fight.  This isn't really possible in this game and the game suffers for it.The postgame is also just bad.  The levels are are randomly generated, and therefore, theoretically endlessly replayable, but you take xp and gold penalties for death.  XP hurts (especially since there's no way to build survivability in this game) but the gold is arguably worse.  Gold is a hot commodity in this game as it's required to get new card slots, upgrade your cards, and upgrade your upgrade materials.  On nightmare difficulty (the first challenge difficulty) you'll lose 30% of yours for every death.  I'm not against a challenge and a failure penalty, but there's no tools avaialable to use for success.  I mean at least let me move laterally.TL;DR: Pros: Card system of abilities good.Cons: Actual dungeon crawl is restrictive and poorly executed."
76561198051501262,Recommended,449960,28268882,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Kaigamer2002,great game. didn't have as much fun since diablo 1!
,Recommended,449960,31652707,Posted: 9 May,all,[HH] ShowRuMe,"Imagine a fusion between the best of these 3 Worlds: Papercraft + Diablo + TCG. That's Book of Demons, an awesome game that will get you hooked for a long time."
76561198078472456,Recommended,449960,31681064,Posted: 11 May,all,cocoajambalaya,"Solid game, with good level of challenge and charming art"
76561198031486819,Recommended,449960,33538287,Posted: 14 July,all,Explorer,"VERY good rendition to the original Diablo 1 Game!Also plays like a tabletop version of it... it's weird...But in a good sense :)You can choose between short or large, or Huge dungeonswhich is great, because the game adjusts to how much time you have to play a session!All in all it's a winner!!!For the future:I just hope the game could expand into other genres like Fantasy (Lord of the rings), or even Science-Fiction (War of the Worlds) etc...Cheers!!! ;)"
,Recommended,449960,35395195,Posted: 1 October,all,ded,"Honestly, I'm impressed. I bought this solely based on the other reviews because my initial impression was a bit lackluster-- that this looked like some kind of Diablo-flavored reverse tower defense.Gotta say though, it captures the essence of the ARPG genre and Diablo 1 very, very well. And then it manages to add interesting mechanic changes on top of that to keep it fresh.The flex system is pretty amazing. Even if I do generally end up picking the longer ones, it's nice to have the choice to play a shorter quest and still progress if I'm short on time. It's not something you often think about with this kind of game but it's definitely on my mind now that I've experienced it.The card system was something I was very skeptical about, but it works. The upgrade system isn't overly complicated but it is robust enough to make progression feel steady and meaningful.Overall, I'm excited to see this come out of EA to see what the final product is like."
,Recommended,449960,28880594,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Grognakh,"Fun and easy to play, a refreshing approch on ARPGs.Already worth it's price and looking very promising in the future."
,Recommended,449960,29973623,Posted: 16 February,all,Games ✗ Helicopter,"Here's one of the best oddball concepts to come down in a bit, Diablo recontextualized in the body of a board game, but retaining a lot of the realtime hack and slash mechanics. Atmospherically dark, but with a bit of the Traveller's Tales Lego series spirit of humor. Well worth checking out, even in early access, and I'm really hoping this series takes off in a big way."
76561198129650275,Recommended,449960,30687239,Posted: 23 March,all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"Do you like board-game aesthetics?  Do you enjoy on rail games (sort of?)?  How bout Collectible Card Games that don't involve trading?  How bout Diablo?  If you said yes to any of those questions, you might be an ARPG addict like myself.  Enter Book of Demons, the 12-step program to itch that scratch for ARPG gameplay without the managing of eight million different skillsets, crafting all sorts of fun nonsense, and distill it into the most Southern distilled alcohol without the alcohol!Pros:+ The paper-y graphics are a really nice touch and makes the game stand out from ANY other ARPG out there astounding to be what Diablo III couldn't be+ the card part of the gameplay (collecting/customizing what's on your belt/skills) is pretty cool.  I enjoy being able to collect cards and upgrade them as time goes on per dungeon and going back to town+ the voice acting is actually pretty superb.  Nothing sounds overdramatic; all the characters so far have their own stories to tell and listening to them is less of a chore than most ARPGs+ the actual dungeon crawling is... repetitive, yes.  But ARPGs past will tell you that dungeon crawling is repetitive anyway+ Let's say... unique controller setup.  The left thumbstick moves you around the dungeon and your right thumbstick allows you to pick up items, target enemies and the like.  Overall not a bad button scheme for the controllerCons:- the actual roleplaying part of the game is out of touch just a bit.  Yes, the cards you place on your person do influence your character but as far as that goes that's it- limited character customization to literally just your name (it's not a deal breaker but it does put me out of touch with the character a little)- Male/female genders per character aren't a thing.  Doesn't bug me that much but it might some- the ""on rails"" system may bother some people but this IS a distilled version of Diablo/most ARPGs so it's not THAT big of a con666/666: would definitely kill demons from hell in any format again... and again... and again... and again.  And again."
76561198056917779,Recommended,449960,31687741,Posted: 11 May,all,RIP JayZ,Great indie game full of potential to be even greater ;)
,Recommended,449960,31713690,Posted: 12 May,all,Mr Matt Dude,"Book of Demons gives a renewed and nostalgic take of the original Diablo game. If you've played and loved Diablo 1 when it came out, you will love this game also."
76561197999113510,Recommended,449960,33649724,Posted: 19 July,all,Darth Sidious,"Genocide dungeons full of demons, rescue a town with 4 population."
,Recommended,449960,29135030,Posted: 8 January,all,Verser,Fun Diablo-style game. Honestly could use some polish and expansion. I could probably make a huge list of things I want to see more of.But its totally worth getting.
,Recommended,449960,28733964,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,Adorable and super fun to play. Looks like one of the best dungeon crawlers ever. Let's you choose how long you want to play for. Great voice acting and music. The cards are super well-drawn. Good mana mechanics where you can have items passively take up some mana to grant a permanent bonus (works very well if you're a warrior - not sure about mage).
76561198002832279,Recommended,449960,31730055,Posted: 13 May,all,nelsh,"It's very addictive. Found myself getting up from my desk at 4 in the morning with wifey giving me heck for yelling ""IS supper ready yet?"" . Needless to say it was pop tarts for supper for me. But the game is that damn good it was worth it :)"
,Recommended,449960,29012414,Posted: 4 January,all,ZaYeR.pl,"Very fresh approach to hack&slash games. Unique graphics and mechanics. It's already polished game, and it's in Early Access!For me, one of best H&S out there! I've installed the demo and bought it hour later."
76561197971073301,Recommended,449960,34083809,Posted: 7 August,all,jayfff,"I downloaded the demo originally just wanting to check the game out.  Within 10 minutes I knew I was going to buy the game (and I did).  Some may not like the graphics, but I really enjoyed those and besides, if you like RPG's do you REALLY care about top knotch graphics or superb gameplay? It it continiously being updated. Do  yourself a favor and download the demo. Then buy the game... trust me!"
,Recommended,449960,25379184,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,BlkSheep,"Great game from a small, seven man studio. Quite a bit of fun even at this early stage, where you only get one of 3 classes planned. Other two coming in october and november. Can't wait. :)"
,Recommended,449960,25437021,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Sergio Alonso,"It's a fun game with some small minor twists of deck building instead of conventional equipment system. Still the cards don't feel like cards, they feel like regular equipments."
,Recommended,449960,29212138,Posted: 12 January,all,Hashiwashimoto,"I loved the first Diablo! But this game is soo much better!It really makes me proud as a human, because it makes it evident that we also make good progress in regards to game design. Instead of just clicking at the monsters the whole time, you have lots of stuff to pay attention to (what other reviewers also mentioned)You can even slow time and exchange your cards, so in that moment it becomes kinda like a turnbased final fantasy game where you can think about your strategy.I also love the Music.After some time though my finger gets tired like in a Diablo game.So I tried the gamepad controls and they are surprisingly good. The thing that breaks it for me though is monster selection and that you can not cast spells directly but need to select them via D-Pad.I think a radial menu would work better here. (Somewhere in the forum there where already good ideas for the monster selection) So I am back to mouse and keyboard for now.I haven't played it through yet, but I will soon.Devs, keep up the good work!All others, buy this game!"
,Recommended,449960,31626834,Posted: 8 May,all,Trump the dump ✪,"Fun little RPG, if you have played Diablo 1, you will recognize it a lot as it is basically a copy but with paper graphic and some new mechanics. It's a good timekiller, not a game I would recommend to play day in and day out on your 10k PC but on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop or whatever you may have while travelling or sitting around doing fooking nuffin' it's a great game for these situations. I find the movement a little bit abnoxious, but I think it's just a matter of getting used to the movement pattern when in combat, other than that I can't really see any cons. I do really like the fact that you get to choose the length of the dungeon you are about to run, helps a lot when playing while the girlfriend is putting on make up or so, then I can just put it on the largest dungeon and kill 2 hours, wonderful."
,Recommended,449960,28724965,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Deli,This game is freakin awesome.Didnt play a singleplayer-game for long time which one stunned me right away and i cant stop playing.Right now im loving everything about it - gameplay - art - story.Its just a 10/10 for me.Hopefully there will be some patches and developers will finish this beauty of a game.
76561198049498583,Recommended,449960,34597451,Posted: 29 August,all,annihilation2011,FunEasy to get intoDiablo-esque feelInnovativeFun!IntensePlus you can pretty much create whatever length of a level you want. Havent seen a game do that before!Did I mention it was Fun!!! ?
76561198170147206,Recommended,449960,25496566,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Spycyyy,so... i had a BLAST with the game... it was incredibly rewarding and beuttiful just add another class and it s 15 more hours of story and freeplay mode(extra stuff)
,Recommended,449960,24596212,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Xinister,"I have played many games through the years, triple a titles and as of recently indie titles alot of indie titles.Many of them have been good, and then like in most cases there have also been bad games, now the question is, is book of demons one of the good or the bad?None of the above, it's not bad and it's not good it is absolutly AMAZING! This game is Diablo 1 only difference being, it is paper craft and you follow a linear path and ofc your attacks are ""ranged"" as in you can attack what is in your light radius and the smith or in general the weapons have been replaced with cards.As you progress you collect more cards and you can unlock more card slots, more cards equipped = Stronger character with more benefits, but you really have to chose wisely.The graphics are absolutly stunning if you like the papercraftish theme ofc, and the narration and voice acting is top notch nothing negative to say about it.Overall this game has to be one of the best indie games I have played this year, and I am looking forward to more releases from these guys.Would I recommend this game? Well I pressed yes, but there should be an option called MUST BUY! If you don't buy you are missing out on an absolutly amazing game."
,Recommended,449960,32336488,Posted: 11 June,all,Echoherb,"Right away you can tell the design and animations of the game are very well done and polished, the writing and voice acting are amazing. That's a very good indication of how the game plays, because it's a very fun well designed game. Even in it's early access state, I'd highly recommend it at full price."
76561198006723728,Recommended,449960,34674118,Posted: 1 September,all,Minsk and Boo,"Distills the essence of crawling and removes the grind, but Book of Demons feels a little more limited than Torchlight in terms of play style options and loot and not as dynamic combat as Hand of Fate. Still, worth your money and time if you like a good crawl."
76561198028190218,Recommended,449960,32844218,Posted: 26 June,all,Helfari,"I rarely have nothing bad to say about something, but this game is one of those things.But please, don't take some random internet stranger's word on it. Play the demo and see for yourself."
,Recommended,449960,34782872,Posted: 6 September,all,Jako,"I'm not too far into the game so for now, a short review.Good mechanics, original graphical design, relatively sharp controls. Decent soundtrack paired with a shallow storyline. Has the potential to be casual for short gaming breaks. Price seems a bit steep for what it is; i did buy but you should wait for a sale.I'm appealed enough to be tempted for a fresh start with another class once i'm done as warrior.Book of Demons feels like an overall good yet short game that captures the Diablo 1 feel efficiently. A good start for Return 2 Games."
,Recommended,449960,24580876,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,deadbus,"The game is about Pain Train bringing real pain to demons from hell. Cho-cho!-----------------------------------------------------Game is a fresh indie look on classic Diablo. Image pen-and-paper variation with cards, figures made of paper, original atmosphere and new intresting mechanics that I've never seen before.Plus super cool feature that lets you plan length of your game session. It's similar to run in roguelike - you finish it and get rewards after that. Before session you see how much time your game will take and how many gold/rewards you will get. Have only 10 mins free? Play a short game and kill couple small bosses. Friends called and said they will be hour late? Play a long one and dig deep into dungeon. I didn't open all sessions yet, but who knows, maybe they even have all-day-all-night-long-grind-right-to-hell session for lazy weekend?Book of Demons looks polished, very accurate and fun to play."
,Recommended,449960,24579760,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DadouXIII,"An absolutely incredible experience. The original diablo revisited with papercraft and a collectible card system, all with humour and charm.A VERY risky concept, executed VERY successfully and elegantly.I can't wait to keep playing, and see the OTHER games they are planning on revisiting.A real gem, way to go devs :)10/10, would buy again :)"
,Recommended,449960,24701368,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Caligula,"I have never seen a dev team more involved in the community in an EA game. It's almost worth supporting them on that point alone. I would consider it, but the fact that the game is so fresh and polished it's not even necessary. The game is worth the price already, even missing 2 classes and half of a skill system. It's a new take on ARPG, your character on rails, with card-based skills and upgrades. It sounded really simplistic at first but there is quite a bit of depth to the combat.Since the devs are so involved currently, many bugs that existed at launch have been fixed (not even a week). New features and options have already been implemented based on community feedback. Even if ARPG isn't your favorite genre it might be worth the purchase to see what these guys can do with the rest of their planned ""Book"" series of games. Because if they are as well-implemented as this one, they will be worth the wait!Buy now and get involved in shaping the game, buy now to support the devs, or don't buy now but add this to your wish list and pick it up when it's finished because it's something pretty special for under $20."
,Recommended,449960,28862053,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,punck,.
76561197960613810,Recommended,449960,28278202,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,MoOv,"Awesome game with a cool take on mechanics, i really like the style and the gameplay. Especially that it reminds me on diablo 1 - 2 and other hack&slash games this area"
76561198024584970,Recommended,449960,28396897,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Delerium,"Nice gem for 19.99.  Really brought back the feels of old school hack and slash but completely fresh.  If you have reservations about the art style or graphics in general like I did ......don't.  The look, feel, and sound of the game is great.  I won't spoil too many suprises but it plays like a great dungeon crawler with a card game and traditional RPG mixed in while bringing some fresh ideas to the scene (ie: the Flexiscope which basically calculates a random dungeon and , based on your playstyle, how long it will take you to defeat it (ive seen anywhere from 9 minute to 49 minutes) and you go from there.  The timers are suprisingly accurate too.)  From what I understand, there will be 6 other ""book"" all in a similar style but playing as a different genre.  I anxiously await the next (while i farm further on my Warrior in Demons :) )"
,Recommended,449960,29477936,Posted: 24 January,all,Xanabanana,"Looking for a casual ARPG to play when you just want to game for a little bit? Then this game is perfect for you! The game allows you to mold your session to a length that works for you, whether its for less than 15 minutes or for hours, the game lets you know approximately how long each floor should take (based off of info from your previous sessions) and is just a delight to play.If you're looking for a complex fast paced ARPG then this is not the game for you, but if you're looking for a soft ARPG that doesn't require a lot of metagaming to get into and just want to have some fun slashing at some papercraft enemies, then this game is pretty fun, it can still get hectic as the game progresses, but its not really on the same scale as the major players in the genre, it fits the art style pretty well and the way it adds depth to its simple controls is quick to pick up and fairly unique for the genre. Probably my favorite to boot up when I want to game for ~30 mins or less, which I feel is what the devs were going for- something very easy to just dip into for a quick session and it accomplishes it splendidly.Although I will be fair and mention what I don't like about the game. The movement can be a bit unintuitive at times as the movement style on the grid thats on a 45 degree angle facilitates the need to essentially be ready to press AS/SD/AW/WD to make sure it reads where you want to go when you reach a fork correctly- atleast this method felt most comfortable to me. The game is also light on content, as to be expected from an early access title, but its still plenty to entertain me for what it is for me as a quick fix game."
,Recommended,449960,33684768,Posted: 20 July,all,moinoviimir,"Quite fun, rather well-polished. Could use some more classes and a balancing pass, but overall this is quite a bit more fun than I expected."
,Recommended,449960,33764139,Posted: 24 July,all,ÐemøN,"Unique dungeon crawler in terms of Artstyle, Card System (skills) and Fighting Mechanics (dispelling poison by clicking your hp at the right time).They have a demo so just play it and you should love the game if your a Diablo/PoEx/GrimDawn fan (or even if your not XD )."
76561198011123828,Recommended,449960,33770239,Posted: 24 July,all,[TFW] Grumrum(CZ),"Interesting RPG game.3 playable classes (Rogue coming later).I've tried Warrior and Mage , both are pretty fun but i preffer Mage.Game have interesting bosses.Well i cant say anything bad against this game maybe it needs more skills but its in Early Access.I had Great Fun with the game and still have."
,Recommended,449960,33793024,Posted: 25 July,all,Troublehalf,"Book of Demons is a twist on the old dungeon crawling hack and slash RPG's. What will be familiar are the dungeon types, monsters, debuffs, levelling system and so on. But that's really where it ends. In Book of Demons, you are stuck to the 'pathway' or 'roads' in the dungeon level. You move around this path fighting monsters and bosses and gathering gold. This is different to usual games like Grim Dawn or Diablo, as in those you're free to go anywhere in the dungeon, rather than stuck to a path. This means using tactics in order to defeat monsters as you're unable to dodge as well as you could in other games.The next difference is that instead of collecting loot, like swords or armour, you collect cards. These cards provide passive buffs or active buffs. They have rarity levels. Each active card costs a certain amount of money to use; while passives will 'lock' a certain amount of mana constantly. This means you have to be careful with how much mana is reserved and how much is available for active skills. The use of these cards is further limited by how many card slots you have unlocked, you start with 3 and each one costs increasingly more gold to unlock. Cards can be upgraded by the NPC's using money and Rune Cards (crafting mats). Furthermore one NPC can identify certain rare cards; for a price.Book of Demon's is presented in a rather unique style; with a cardboard cutout, popup style graphics. It's pleasant to look at and is enjoyable. The game is humorous and full of character.Overall the game is very enjoyable and the only reason I'm writing this review is because the game asked me to! I would be carrying on playing if it wasn't for that!"
76561198025179894,Recommended,449960,33920020,Posted: 30 July,all,Insincerity,"This is a good game.Something that I feel needs special attention is the ""Choose your own time investment"" system. Estimate accuracy varies, but the visual representation of the upcoming levels gives you a much more solid idea of time investment. Every single player game should have this capability.I wasn't sure in the beginning, but I really like it. It could use more cards, but it's early access so that's to be expected. There are also several clues that the game will eventually be MUCH bigger, and i'd guess in much more variety."
76561197999780614,Recommended,449960,35361575,Posted: 30 September,all,Vilepredator,"Alright so I decided to give this game a try, but i was hesitant because i play a lot games that are on the more complex side like Path of Exile and this game looked a little to simple for my tastes.I was VERY surprised to find out that that was NOT the case. The card system gives you quite a lot of customizable options and finding new cards feels just like finding rare items in other RPG games its rewarding and surprisingly challenging. There have already been several times while playing i ran into a group of monsters only to immediatly run away muttering &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit"" this game gets a lot harder as you progress and its an absolute blast.Pro's-Awesome voice acting and story telling-The towns people dialogue has made me laugh out loud on several occasions and they have awesome personallities-Kick♥♥♥♥♥art style-Great levling system-Area's let you know when they are cleared-Surprisingly deep combat and card system-Interesting and unique combat mechanics-Full keyboard support (no mouse needed if you prefer that) great for traveling-Good sountrack and ambient noises-You need to be strategic with your movements there is no ""mowing down"" enemies in this game-Challenging-""Hardcore support"" through the daredevil (one life and you are dead) option-Flexiscope mechanic letting you tailor area's estiamted time of completion so you can sit down and enjoy an area for a few minutes or recieve bonuses if you wanna marathon the game. Pretty sweet and unique. never seen something like that in a game.-Active DevsCons-Track type gameplay can be frustrating at times-Picking up items in combat can be a death sentence if you arent carefull-Movement can be a little challenging untilyou get used to it-Can be hard to tell if monsters are within your light radiusOverall awesome game im really looking forward to supporting these dev's and playing this and future games from them.-Easily worth the money"
,Recommended,449960,25405836,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,UncertainZero,"This game has been a blast to play, if a bit easy. It's not an action RPG in the normal sense, you walk along a fixed path for example. However, all of that plays into something that is similar to an action RPG and yet very unique (and a blast to play). Aesthetic of this game is fantastic with a beautiful art style bringing back fond memories of the original diablo. The card mechanic serves as equipment and spells, I think the system works quite well although it could use more content (currently only 1 class is available but more are in development). I did have a bit of mouse lag and I recommend turning off the click to move and just using WASD. Overall this is a fantastic start to a game I wasn't expecting to enjoy as much as I have. Can't wait to keep playing and exploring more dungeons in the cool freeplay mode. Oh, and one last thing... where are my cave levels? Can't forget how many times I died in the caves in Diablo 1."
,Recommended,449960,28249832,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,sayonara,"Damn it! I don't want to play anymore demo. Now I have to buy the game out of curiosity. The dev just had to cut the demo right before the first quest, nice move."
76561198018591211,Recommended,449960,28432783,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,x_DiNoSaWR_x,I like it a lot.Dont let the lack of a walk cycle put you off.My friends all said it looked stupid. But the artwork and story are both great.Recommended.
76561198027276624,Recommended,449960,29119449,Posted: 8 January,all,4xAmple,"Great graphics with distinctive style, decent game for a decent price. Has a Diablo 1 vibe to it. Loads of replayability and they have a system whereby you set how long each playthrough lasts - which is neat. Good stuff. Apparently the team that made it is looking to make more games in this mold. Hopefully they will attempt other genres too."
,Recommended,449960,30768203,Posted: 27 March,all,Tag Wolf,"This game is a love letter to Diablo's core mechanics. But still ends up feeling completely fresh. The player is locked to a track which feels a little clunky at first. I'm starting to get used to it.That aside, everything in the game so far feels balanced and had a purpose. There's great loot to be had and nothing feels like fluff. The progression and goals are clear and I think pacing is perfect. The game even lets you alter pacing according to what kind of session you want. Though this would be nice if you could set a default preference.The graphics and sound are unique. I think they do the job of making this title distinct and have a fun feel.The card system I was worried about as I've seen it ruin other games. But the execution here is flawless.What else can I say? Grab it. Support these developers for doing something new and fresh in a sea of rehashed crap. They managed to pull off a tribute in a new way. Games like this don't come along very often. I'm going to go back and play some more now."
,Recommended,449960,31670907,Posted: 10 May,all,FreeClaw,"Yep, this is Diablo1 with different but clever gameplay and the loot replaced with a card mechanic.I've been enjoying my time with it."
76561198000325629,Recommended,449960,31707805,Posted: 12 May,all,Echo,"Great art, game design and gameplay. I never played D1 so I can't speak for if it'll scratch a similar itch but it's a unique take on the ARPG.The card based equipment and progression is a fresh take on arpg progression that isn't just boring stat rolls.Dungeons level don't overstay their welcome and you can choose the length of a game session depending on how much time you want to spend in one go."
76561198044983601,Recommended,449960,31712607,Posted: 12 May,all,Chet Donnelly,"well done!gameplay gets old after a bit, tho."
76561198111219730,Recommended,449960,32460661,Posted: 15 June,all,PassionatePizza,"I fell in love with this amazing game the moment I saw Cryaotic play this and I bought this instantly!Great story, art style and music direction. This game is very well made even if it's just an Early Access Game and I look forward to the possibilities of this game.If you're looking for a boardgame like ARPG that can be played quick or long then this is your best bet!"
,Recommended,449960,33004745,Posted: 29 June,all,TeeGR,"Fun RPG game , with interesting art style and a cool feature called Flexiscope. It basically allows you to play at your own phase by adjusting the time it takes to reach a new dungeon depth. There are two classess atm , Warrior and Wizard. Rouge is coming soon. Book of demons is the first mini game (like a story book) in the series and I am sure we will get other books in the future"
76561197968799468,Recommended,449960,33700482,Posted: 21 July,all,semmelbroesel,"A very enjoyable and addictive game. It can be beaten fairly quickly, but all dungeons are randomly generated (I haven't even gotten close to running into all the monsters and cards you can find yet), and after you've finished it, you can continue playing with more customization in level generation.Yes, it will become obvious very quickly that this is in part a spoof to a big dungeon game (whose name starts with D and is currently on the second sequel), but only as extra flair (anyone else find the voice of the Sage by the fountain somewhat familiar? Hehe).The concept and the game play are quite new from what I have played before. The concept is that the game is based on those popout books where you open a page and a whole scene opens up in 3D before you with characters, objects and scenery popping out in glorious cardboard cutouts. Well, everthing in this game is made to look like that, some with a hint of origami paper folding.You don't have weapons or potions - you have cards instead that you can emply like a weapon or potion or spell, and there are a few features that you could only do with the concept of cards - some monsters can knock you over and by doing so throw some of your cards out of alignment, so you can't use them until you notice and put them back in their places by clicking on them.The random dungeon generator (that supposedly learns from how you play) is quite fun. You get to define how much time you have to play, and while I haven't timed it, it seems reasonably accurate. I have not encountered any issues with the generator at all. Unlike most games, you can only go along a predefined path within the scenery. Sometimes the path will split and give you options where to go first. Sometimes this pathing system can get a bit irritating when a monster straight ahead fires at you, and you can't evade, but that's part of the challenge.There are three character classes - fighter (available from the start), mage (available after you've reached level 5 with the fighter), and archer (which doesn't seem to be activated yet as of the time of me writing this). Interestingly, the fighter can reach as far with a sword as the mage with spells - I guess they had to find a way to avoid the fighter getting swamped.Otherwise you have a lot of the typical features - loot gets dropped, e.g. money (wich you pick up just by moving your moves over it), potions, charges for various skills, upgrades, XP boosts.Beware the last level - it's REALLY challenging!I'm glad I found this game and will keep playing it, and I'm sure that after I take a break, I'll enjoy coming back to it again."
,Recommended,449960,33743104,Posted: 23 July,all,Laid,"The demo got me hooked within the first few minutes! Book of demons has a unique art style and great voice acting, the intro is short but beautiful, building a nice atmosphere, dragging you into the game. Gameplay is as unique as the art is. Book of demons tries to do things different than your usual dungeon crawler or hack and slash game. It is generally slow paced realtime gameplay but with lots of bells and whistles to keep you busy. The core challenge of the gameplay builds around various mechanics that monsters and boss monsters can spawn with and the strategy how to take them down.Everyone who sees a slight overlap in gaming interests should at least check out the demo. The download is small and absolutely worth it. The game has huge potential and with some serious work it could evolve into a classic.But yeah for that some work is required, yes it is still OA, but we're here for feedback right?Disclaimer: I haven't approached the game in completionist mindset yet, so there may be some lack of knowledge on my side. Also some spoilers incoming.Game Progression / BalanceWhat you get right now with the demo is actually better than what you get with the full game. The demo covers the first third of the story mode. The first levels are challenging and you actually feel scared because you have so little life. At the time you get around 40 life it is pretty hard to die. In fact I played through story mode with both chars and didn't even die once (I think I triggered Death Rage twice). Not even in the slightly overtuned archdemon boss fight. Simply put: Later in the game the fights get longer but not harder. Longer to a point where it is draining to facetank a mob for 10 seconds. Don't get me wrong, I am not into games that are super challenging all the time, but if a mob poses no threat to me it is just boring to shoot them down. I feel the player has - at least in the second third of story mode - slightly too much HP.Tanky MobsGolden/fire/cold hearts and shield mobs are the main mechanics that slow you down. While this is intentional and not a bad idea, the ways to cope with can be impairing. I found myself often picking the right elemental skill manually from the card pane, sometimes switching back and forth mob by mob. With mage I later opted to solely rely on basic attacks with level 2 lightning/fire/cold passive cards. While this solved the constant manual switching I felt cheated. I could also have used the fire/cold attack skills and just switch projectiles but in some messy fights it can be quite hard to hit the right mob. Which leads to golden heart mobs. First of all I wish I could completely disable auto attacks in the options menu. Reliably hitting them in a messy fight can be impossible due to overlapping mobs and I haven't seen a card yet to help with them apart from hard hitters. I see that this is probably hard to fix, maybe this mobs can be just super scarce?Overall I found the fights starting normal difficulty and also some story mode parts can happen to to be a bit too lengthy just spamming a single mob or a small pack, quite a bit of boredom came up.Archdemon FightIt is a mess. Surely intentional. The grand strategy is to camp fountains, have a crowd control skill and shoot mobs or the archdemon if possible. Each time i tried to clean the area after the archdemon was down I got into trouble and left. Is that even possible? Idk, but anyone who claims to know what is going on in that fight is either a liar or a prodigy. While it is doable I feel it is overtuned and out of control. I cannot suggest any fixes here because I don't understand the mechanics of the fight, maybe thats part of the problem but it feels odd to me.EndgameEndgame is where the game begins. I expected more difficulties and got em. More grind, more levels more loot. But the core difficulty mechanic was quite an disappointment. Locking cards? Completely disabling playstyles seems to be trendy right now and it is a mechanic I have a huge personal grief with. Let the player develop his style of playing and then take it away from him is just not cool. Ok there are cards that can protect neighboring cards. Fine. But then again you easily end up reconfiguring your controls because you are forced to put cards on certain slots, which could even contradict between mage and warrior. Not cool. I like for example the nudist achievement, something I seriously would do for the luls. Maybe it isn't that bad in long term because you get plenty of cards that protect your playstyle core cards. I don't know if this is set in stone and I would hope for something different. But one thing to consider: Make the keyboard icons below the cards draggable just like cards.Random DownersShockwave appears here and there, but it is unclear what it is doing.Previewing full card upgrade progression would make decisions much easier, especially early on.The boss bar can be annoying when it hides mobs spell bubbles.It would be helpful to have a quick explanations of the spell bubbles and boss stages somewhere.How to counter mana burn? Just wait?I can see that magic cauldron delay may be cumbersome at some point.Random UppersTutorials. Compact, imformative and well placed.Unique ArtworkVoice ActingDemo and it is great.Quick exit on level clear. Truly a gem which you can only find in a indy game, imho.Quick mana / life refill in Town.So this are my thoughts for now. Hope it helps. Keep going the good work!"
,Recommended,449960,33901170,Posted: 30 July,all,MidniteGuy,This game takes the familar but golden gameplay elements of olden Diablo games and complements it with some interesting gameplay mechanics and looting system. It also features an equally interesting yet oddly striking visual aestheics of papercraft that is uncommonly seen in games and yet ease on the eyes.If you are a fan of the old Diablo games or action-RPGs then you could stand to give this a try out.
76561198130415895,Recommended,449960,28319303,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Saturnfly,"For an EA game, it is super polished, responsive and addictive. It has strong elements of Diablo 1 where you descend deeper and deeper into the dungeon. It also has some fleeting similarities to Darkest Dungeon. I really like the combat and the card gameplay, the game merges two different concepts really well and it feels satisfying to finish a dungeon.I've only played for roughly 1.3 hours so far and I've already come across dozens of different and very unique enemies. Some you need to do different things in order to effectively kill them, so you are no blindly slashing your way through, it is important to take your time. There's also lots of loot to collect, and while I don't particularly understand the loot mechanics entirely, it's not exactly a complex game that you need to learn every little mechanic in order to enjoy. It's very much pick up & play with some helpful tutorial hints along the way.There are loads of cards I've already collected, which means loads of different skills which you can also upgrade.The game also runs at a constant 60fps on my lil toaster and looks and feels very smooth. I love the art style, the music and sound effects, just everything in this game is super impressive right now. I could easily spend hours playing this game non-stop (if I didn't have other daily commitments)."
76561198051064588,Recommended,449960,31704557,Posted: 12 May,all,ltlejeune,"The game is interesting in term of concept.I would have prefered a deeper game mechanism with more classes and restrictions.Perhaps also the possibility to share cards between characters.For the price, and on a tablet/mini laptop, this is working like a charm, I recommend it !"
,Recommended,449960,33734384,Posted: 22 July,all,MsHolyk,"As I am playing this game right now, and have been doing so since I bought it earlier today, I have enjoyed this game tremendously. As someone who plays casually, the option to adjust the length of your gameplay with the Flexiscope, is a benefitial and genius system put in place. This allows me to enjoy the game to the fullest extent, while being able to do short matches and go on with my day. This is a beautiful game, and I am very happy I took the chance on it as it is Early Access. I couldn't resist! Thank you for this wonderful game and I look forward to watching it advance as time goes on."
76561197978646203,Recommended,449960,34190346,Posted: 12 August,all,Felraven,"It's a lovely take on the Top-down RPG theme that Path of Exiles and Diablo has been doing, whilst also bringing it's own style to the game. i mean, i was perhaps a bit weary when they said ""Paperverse"".. but so far it's done a good job to entertain.It was really the playable demo that sold me on it^^ if you remotely like diablo-esque games, then Book of Demons might just be a good fit.Try the demo and see for yourself!"
,Recommended,449960,28436283,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Zhylaw,"Blown away by this game I never heard of before. It's Diablo 1 for the new generation,  with the bells and whistles we expect from modern games. I look forward to playing in the future when they are further along in development."
,Recommended,449960,28580759,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Overburn,This game is really worthy of a buy if you are into hack and slash games like Diablo. I bought this on sale on a whim. Its is really neat. The card system is great. Awesome beer drinking game. lol. I cant wait to see what they add.
,Recommended,449960,29034878,Posted: 5 January,all,BlackCatZ,"Good game, cant wait for the next books/heroes  <3"
76561197968614151,Recommended,449960,29238919,Posted: 13 January,all,JackSlater,I played the game a bit and so far I love it :)This game is EA but I see it as an investment in the game and also the company.I am looking forward what they have to offer.That is why I bought the game.
,Recommended,449960,31938452,Posted: 24 May,all,Annakai,I love it! It has everything what I was looking for :)
76561198021890001,Recommended,449960,33882589,Posted: 29 July,all,tom.wollert,"This game surprised me a lot, wasn't sure about art and the combat looked slow. But it's actually great the way it is, love art, humour and combat."
76561198043625629,Recommended,449960,30895287,Posted: 2 April,all,rasmus.ravn.frost,Very well working mechanichs that makes this game very addictive.
76561197994004240,Recommended,449960,31675408,Posted: 10 May,all,Shaalanaar,The sounds and visual feedback are fun and satisfying. The abilities are ones you're probably seen before but they are well implemented. It's been really fun so far.
,Recommended,449960,31710526,Posted: 12 May,all,marcel,"I enjoy this game a lot. You do not need a killer gaming rig to run it, but I have way more fun than with many recent AAA titles. The voice acting of the old dude that is supposed to sound like Deckard Caine is worth the price alone :)"
,Recommended,449960,31735682,Posted: 13 May,all,Xiitos,Very fun
,Recommended,449960,33899060,Posted: 30 July,all,Ploots,"Found this game randomly while searching for a RPG I'm not sure how I missed it as its got a rating of 'Overwhelmingly positive'I installed the demo at first because I didn't think I would enjoy it at first, but after finishing the demo I had to go to the store and buy it to carry on this dungeon crawling master piece10/10"
,Recommended,449960,28266790,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,The Horn,"This really snuck up on me. Bit wonky and simplistic in the first 5 minutes, but the difficulty ramps up fast! Very entertaining game ~"
76561198028782641,Recommended,449960,31669177,Posted: 10 May,all,Gemini,"I like this game and can recommend it. The price is very reasonable for the playtime you can get out of this.Good:-Music-Art-The combat is decent-Can decide yourself how big you want dungeons to be (depending on how much time you have available for your gaming session)-Replayability-Interesting gold sink ideas with the cauldron system.-Rewarded for staying aliveNeutral:-The movement takes some getting used to. You don't have as much manouverabilty as in traditional ARPGs. It stopped bugging me after a while as I got into the game.-A humerous approach to writing. It is still good writing, maybe I am just a bit too much of serious person."
,Recommended,449960,28276535,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,talanas,Bought the game after playing the demo for 10-15 minutes. Very fun game to play.
76561198333025242,Recommended,449960,31649776,Posted: 9 May,all,Moeslash,Different game
76561198059830913,Recommended,449960,31664938,Posted: 10 May,all,Aiyaaiya,"love it, great game"
,Recommended,449960,33288336,Posted: 5 July,all,Wendigo,"I'm not going to mince words here, this game is amazing.Pros:+Challenging, but not in a punishing way.+Great art.+Great diversity in enemies.+Some very unique combat mechanics that I've not seen anywhere else.+Easy to grasp controls and mechanics.+It's actually quite atmospheric for a game populated with paper people.+The card system is awesome, and actually feels a lot more rewarding than, say, finding a leather belt that gives you +2% to gold find or some such nonsense.Cons:-No sprint feature. Character movement is... Rather slow, but this is only really a problem when you're having to backtrack to 100% a dungeon because you missed 32 gold behind a pillar.-The sound effects are a bit dull. Not a huge deal either. The music is fine and fitting, but hearing the same casting sound for fireball over and over again gets rather tedious.-DOORWAYS. This is honestly my biggest gripe with the game. Doorways are deathtraps in dungeons (I've not died because of one yet, but there's been some close calls.) From time to time you'll come across these structural sadists and on the other side there'll be just a metric booty load of enemies.So to anyone who's bothered to read this far into my review, if you've been putting this game off because of the art style or the concept - stop. It's worth the dosh, the developers seem to be quite competent (there's even a feedback feature you can use at any time during your gameplay) and they have definitely poured a lot of love into this title."
,Recommended,449960,28239216,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GunnarRoxen,"When I get the occasional break from the tough job as Mars Colonial Administrator, a game like Book of Demons is the perfect distraction. You choose the length of each game, the game itself is a lovely diablo-like game with gorgeous paper-figure style artwork. A little gem and already very polished even in Early Access, something I usually leave to my agents, like Hauser, but now he thinks he's ""Quaid"" I guess I will have to do it myself."
76561198113247644,Recommended,449960,28242406,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Raon,"THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME !Where to start ? Well, it is what you expect, a paper arpg inspired on classic games of said genre.The game is still in development and they plan to add new books, as for now, the book of demons is the first.There are tons of challenges in the game. And the game it self is very challenging. They still need to balance a few things, but its good anyway.You will see so many references to other games,such as some classics as nintendo, sega, some mmos and old blizzards games and many more. Their sense of humor is good, but sometimes feels like a teenager has writen these jokes.I will invest a lot of time playing this. I totally recommend it. It feels nostalgic and worth every single penny."
76561198066169093,Recommended,449960,32732781,Posted: 24 June,all,Bobeless,"Seems like a good game, but could use a map on the tab button like the original D2."
76561198035875160,Recommended,449960,33566282,Posted: 15 July,all,awSam,"The concept is really original. The only lack that I can think of is the similarities between classes. Yes the spells differs, but I would like to see a bigger difference in gameplay between a mage and a warrior other than having different cards. Maybe introducing some unique passives? Anyway, the game is great!"
,Recommended,449960,33265824,Posted: 5 July,all,Jazzy Fella,"10/10  I'd let ""The Cook"" leave the oven on again."
76561197991703996,Recommended,449960,34571493,Posted: 29 August,all,Fenggan,"Really nice take on the old dungeon crawler genre with a few twists on the gameplay mechanics that havent been done before!Positive:-Nice and clean art style-Beautiful artbook graphics-Modification on dungeon start (you can change the lenght of the dungeon run/ longer run= more rewards)Negative (so far):-Movement is only possible on given paths- therefore dodging ranged attacks not always possible-Only 2 Classes so far (3. is going to be available soon i guess)-Clicking on moving objects is sometimes a necessity (enemys have shields that have to be clicked before you are able to apply damage to them) can get realy hectic/ sometimes frustrating-Would love to see more cards in game (cards give you abilities to use or gear to put on in game)All in all I really like the game and hope the devs wont leave it in Early Access Limbo like many nice games before on Steam (not these developers, talking about early access games in general)"
,Recommended,449960,29739344,Posted: 6 February,all,Mogdrogen,"Pros:It's pretty good. mostly feel like a game adapted for non-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Everything requires clicking. movement, attacking (there is an autoattack funtion but it's slow compared to clicking, but it's there still), clicking away to cure poison, stun and freeze effects. You play the game, so it makes sense to click. Movement has a WASD alternative that is how I like to play and is easy to figure out. If there's a way going upper right, you press W and D, if you want to go bottom road, you press S, etc. so it works as implemented. The game is a great tribute to Diablo 1 be it voice lines, atmosphere and NPCs. Oh by the way, game has good atmosphere and paper graphicsConcerning the card system in the game which is an innovative take on genre, I have unlocked all of them and seriously, there are great combinations to make the game even more fun (and to kill monsters without having a hard time). For example, there's a ""burning axe"" card which has a chance to grant burn effect on monsters, upgrading grants higher chance and a fire AoE on ground, blast wave etc. Or there's a card called ""amulet of life"" which grants HP regen, an ""armor"" card which grants a chance to pickup lost hearts upon being hit. There are lots of cards which I don't want to spoil, and the game is getting an update which will grant cards have rarity tiers. (like a common burning axe drops, but there will be rare burning axe and legendary burning axes to drop too which will grant different effects)I hope developers won't make easier since this is a hack'n slash dungeon crawler and difficulty curve is good as it is (beware last boss, it was hard and my hardcore character was almost dead). Freeplay unlocks after ending the game which lets you choose difficultyTry it and you won't regret itCons:GargoylesTeleporters"
76561197967114005,Recommended,449960,31779930,Posted: 15 May,all,edawg,Game is great so far.  I had been looking for a game that was semi-casual but still has enough going on for consistent play and longer sessions.  I like the card based system and I hope they expand on that with more and diverse cards.  Very fun hack and slash clicker rpg.
,Recommended,449960,33259289,Posted: 4 July,all,Kurohito,"Really good game! If you like hack and slash, give it a try!"
76561198027981681,Recommended,449960,31677303,Posted: 10 May,all,Fizzydragon,Super fun.  'Nuff Said
76561198077785276,Recommended,449960,31651543,Posted: 9 May,all,bob101,Retro game it fun to play
76561198101699912,Recommended,449960,32877898,Posted: 27 June,all,Aagel,"A great potential, i hope the developpers will do the right stuff ! :)Because even now, the game is really good and i enjoy playing itThe only con, is the fact that the game is maybe a little bit too easy ^^"
,Recommended,449960,24620200,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pyronix,"Very interesting game and a lovingly-made homage to Diablo 1.While the game is an ARPG, your character can only move in predefined paths. This takes some getting used to especially since the controls are still a bit clunky and unresponsive (I have almost died several times because my character was going in a direction it wasn't supposed to or it wasn't moving at all despite frantically clicking with the mouse). However, the voice acting, art style, graphics, and deck building mechanics are top notch. A lot of times the game feels less hack and slash and more action-puzzle (like Legend of Zelda) since a wrong move can spell either escape or utter defeat (and believe me, dying in this game really sucks). In this sense, it somehow becomes a rogue-lite.PROS:+ Exquisite art style, beautiful sound design, and a thoroughly immersive theme and atmosphere+ Interesting combat mechanic (sadly marred by clunky mouse controls - hoping it gets fixed in the future)+ High replay value due to procedurally generated dungeons+ You feel that this game was made with just so much heart and love for the genreCONS:- Clunky/unresponsive movements- Game difficulty ramps up too quickly for comfort. This is not a game you can just relax with and just hack and slash and kill monsters with like Diablo or Torchlight- Dying equates to significant loss in cauldron rewards (which is a big deal as cauldron rewards award life or mana points)- Some bugs (like my character disappearing all of sudden) but hopefully this gets ironed out when the game leaves early accessTLDR: Get it. Game is worth it even in Early Access."
,Recommended,449960,25404936,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Skampus,"This game is so much fun. It mixes elements of Hack and Slash with card collecting, dungeon crawling and a set path style. And it works so well. The visuals are really good and quite appealing from soldier shooters now a-days and realistic graphics. It uses a style that makes everything look like it's oragami and paper, like a book (hence the name). It runs very smoothly too. The voice acting is great enough to keep the characters interesting. I recommend you buy this game if you like any of the things listed, especially if it goes on sale, then it's a must buy!"
76561198079737588,Recommended,449960,25491871,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Milafaz,"Book of demons is a great game. there have been times that i look for a diablo clone to play, and this game satisfy that feeling.there are ofc some pros/cons to this game as it is in early access.pros.I can complete the game (for early access thats great)random levelstime adjustment of levelsitem swaps in combat, i can cure poison even if i dont use it in my action bar by swaping it with an item.free play (after you complete the game)spell/artifact system.and much moreConsway to easy. on first Play through i died only once and on last boss I did not even use potions.some artifacts feel way to overpowered.overall i definetly recomend this game :)"
,Recommended,449960,26021227,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Broga,A wonderful game as it is now.  I am eagerly awaiting the upcoming content.  This one is that rare Early Access buy.
76561198032550595,Recommended,449960,24657369,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Arno Nuehm,"Book of Demons is an homage and love letter to the Diablo series and old hack&slash games. This is my first ever review and the first ever early access game I bought on steam and it was worth it for this game. You want to know why?Book of Demons, while still Early Access, is incredibly polished in it's current state. This game just oozes atmosphere. You find yourself in a little town and your goal is to purge the church (and what's under it) from evil. Sounds close to Diablo, right? And that's what's so great about this game. Being an homage it takes the best the Diablo series has to offer and presents it in a whole new package. One of the greatest thing about this game is its graphics and art design. The game is set in a papercrafted world, which has its own unique charme to it.Your goal is to clear procedually generated dungeons till you reach the utter bottom where an evil awaits you that likes to play with rubber ducks while bathing in fire (game has great humor), get new cards which you can collect and equip, get loot and gold. Book of Demons offers several sub-systems, such as upgrading your looted cards which are your skills you use in the game. These cards can also be charged in between each dungeon. You can also open the so called cauldron for gold, which gives you a prize (or prizes) and either HP or mana.While in a dungeon you move your character on predetermined paths by clicking in the direction you want to go. Enemies are also fought by clicking on them and often require different approaches. Sometimes you have to first click away their block before you can attack them, other times you have to stop mages from casting so they don't become a bigger threat than they already are. The game keeps these encounters fresh by introducing new mechanics and enemies all the time. The movement of the character could be improved (don't forget that it's fresh in early access) and the developers are already working on enabling WASD as a movement option.To keep it short I'm gonna list some positives/negatives:Thumbs up-Graphics and art design-Oozes atmosphere-Good Soundtrack and voice work-Humor-Variety of enemies-Almost no bugs and no crashes so far-Good performance-Great card collecting and skill system-3 distinct classes (mage, rogue and warrior) -> only warrior enabled right now though-Procedually generated dungeons-Cool boss encounters which keep you on your toes-Integrated Feedback system-Absolutely great involvement from the developers concerning the community. Issues and feedback threads are getting noticed almost immediately and are getting individual responses from the developer team. They really want to make a great game (they are almost there).Thumbs Down-Could use a little bit snappier movement (WASD option already in work though!)-Sometimes frustrating encounters with countless archers and mages shooting at you-Some balancing issues concerning encounters and dungeon rooms"
76561198313749243,Recommended,449960,24683177,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Deathkatana,"This has been a blast! its simple in design and gameplay but its also simply fun. you can play this casually or hardcore. This company has ,so far to me, hit its goal and has opened up more opportunities of become greater."
76561197960430604,Recommended,449960,32555200,Posted: 18 June,all,Reaper,Instabought after demo. Great game.
,Recommended,449960,24586474,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Retribution,"I'm so glad that i found it ""by accident"" :) As for early access 10/10Great game! Devs, please don't waste potential of this game :)"
,Recommended,449960,35212256,Posted: 25 September,all,serefki,Amazing game and very adicting
,Recommended,449960,35212542,Posted: 25 September,all,DegioTheDoge,"Awesome game, great variety of enemies, spells, bosses... Zero bugs or problems of any genre so far."
76561197975907186,Recommended,449960,35231012,Posted: 26 September,all,LUP,"Křívka zábavy je zajímavě nastavená.....tahle hra si vás nezíská na první dojem, na druhý dojem vás pozvrací, jenže pak začne nečekaně příjemně vonět, začínáte tušit kde se jí správně dotknout aby udělala aaach a pak vám dojde že ji vlastně milujete. Osobně mě chybí itemy, jasně, máme karty ale chtěl bych prostě klasickou vábavu pro postavu, nebo aspoň nějakou náhradu."
76561198071969635,Recommended,449960,25401690,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,sturgeon87,"This is probably the most imaginitive and enjoyable spin on the classic ""diablo"" stlye arpg formula i have ever seen. The combat system is actually more engaging than most arpgs because its not just point and click killing, you actually have to pay attention to whats going on around you in order to disable shields, spells, etc. The story and game in general are pretty much a tribute to diablo, but much more light hearted with some nice references for fans. The style is really nice and the Devs are nicer. You can really see the love for the game and for diablo they have. While i dont see this replacing things like Diablo, PoE, or Grim Dawn for me in terms of play time, It is certainly a delightful game sure to bring joy to any big fan of the genre, and also will surprise you with just how different and refreshing they managed to make it."
,Recommended,449960,35235454,Posted: 26 September,all,decissed,"Very fun, quirky little hack and slash.Your character is stuck on linear paths, you can move along the paths at your own free-will, however you cannot deviate from the path. It takes a bit to get used to, however it lends itself to the combat quite well! The entire game can be played with your mouse, with very little keyboard input (unless you have a mouse with numerical inputs, in which case you never need to touch the keyboard.)Excellent little game, it can be a lunch break game, or a long sit-down session game, entirely up to you! You're able to choose the length of your runs. Fantastic idea on the devs part, it adds a lot of accessibility to the game depending on your schedule.For early access there is a tonne of content, and a LOT of polish. Very excited to see where future updates take it!"
76561197965733295,Recommended,449960,26767013,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jendalar,I can't believe this is not 3d.
,Recommended,449960,25369914,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,OgNimaeb,"Although I'm always wary of early access titles, I decided to give this one a go, based on the good reviews, interesting aesthetic, and general theme (I love dungeon crawlers!). And am I glad I did! I am absolutely loving this gem of a game and I can't wait to see more of it.I have to say that for an early access game, this one has a ton of content already. I really like how they have implemented feedback within the game, so you don't even have to go to the forums if you find any niggles or come up with suggestions as you play. The immediate impression I got from the game is that the developers have poured a lot of love, hard work, and attention to detail into this game. The price did initially look a little steep, but after having a good look at how much work has gone into the game, I think it's more than fair.The backstory of the game goes along your generic Diablo-esque trend: you are an adventurer trying to defeat the forces of evil. The game's approach to dungeoneering, however, is very novel, as it features progress through a combination of stat improvements and cards that you can equip (and level up on their own). While the concept is simple, it is incredibly well implemented, and very well balanced, even at this stage. The subtle humour and gorgeous design (which reminds me a bit of Paper Mario) make it stand out from the crowd even further.In brief:PROS:Gorgeous design! Lots of attention to detail.Gameplay that adjusts to how much time you can spare.Balanced combat and learning curve, and a progression that feels natural.Nice soundtrack.Great developers, involved with the community, they have even implemented an in-gamefeedback system. You really couldn't ask for better on this front.Good replayability value (especially when the other classes are implemented).CONS:Movement/combat (with mouse/keyboard) feels a little awkward at the beginning, until you get used to it. Perhaps it's more natural using a controller.Some content is still not accessible (obviously, as the game is not finished, but take it into account before buying!)At this stage I'd give it a 9/10, and strongly encourage you to buy it, if you want to be involved in the game's development, or keep an eye on it for when it's released."
76561197976132193,Recommended,449960,25430130,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,noox,"Book of Demons is an Arpg game that show great promises for an early access title while still BEING A SOLID GAME in this current phase.Beautiful artwork, the possibility to set the length of quest, different cards (equipment), game feel great and controls are fine (keyboard and mouse).At this time, I played 18 hours and enjoyed every single hour of it.Long story short this game is a blast and you should try it.If you’re interested in seeing some gameplay of it , here is me hitting lvl max :Book Of Demons GameplayNo commentary , just pure raw ingame footage 1080p 60 fps , no monetization."
76561198080943542,Recommended,449960,35232154,Posted: 26 September,all,zythron2,"What can I say about this game, it's AMAZING!  Still in EA but damn is it good, the atmosphere with the ""paper"" graphics is just so captivating. The combat is fluid and the voice acting is top notch imo. I downloaded the demo and in an hour I had to purchase it and now i cant stop . Such a wonderfully done game, do yourself a favor and at the least try the demo, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,449960,27623597,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mihai,9.5/10the game is perfect as it is and i can't wait for newer books to be released within the game.only downside ( why i removed 0.5/10 ) is because i couldn't try the other classes yet;_:
,Recommended,449960,27915872,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Poopdeck Pappy,"I took a chance on this little game because it looked interesting.Wow, instantly hooked!The world, Paperverse, is presented in an unique art style akin to a childrens paper pop-up book.The music, sound design, and voice overs are well done.A neat feature is that you can pick your gaming session length, whether it be ~10 minutes to over an hour.Of course the longer you play the deeper you will go into the dungeon below.Oh, the dungeon mazes are randomized as are the minions within.You don't free move like you do in a traditional ARPG, but instead walk down a path like a board game pawn.That being said, there is the possibility of getting caught with some interesting monsters on either side of your avatar that can trap you,Tread lighty.  :)Only one class is available at this time, the Warrior, but two more are coming (Mage and Rogue).10/10 - Will definitly be searching for loots in the future as a Mage or Rogue."
,Recommended,449960,29365969,Posted: 19 January,all,dBachry13,"I normally do not find myself leaving game reviews on Steam (or at all for that matter); but, then again it is so rare to find a game that is so creative and innovative in this stagnent gaming age of the rinse and repeat of over-used ideas - no less a game that is still ""Early Access"" (Alpha).I have put over 20 hours into the game at this point, and have unlocked everything but the hardest difficulty, which I plan on playing though that difficulty.  The game has unique affixes to the dungeon and the bosses based on the difficulty, but nothing so sinister as to make the game frusterating or unplayable.  Hard adds a new feature where engaged bosses will 'lock-out' the usage of X-Y number of cards (increasing the range of X and Y as difficulty further increases), the next difficulty adds a feature in which when you start a dungeon you have a set number of cards (again same X-Y # of cards that increases range when you further increase the difficulty) that you MUST use within your build for that dungeon.  There are more things added with additional difficulties to make the replayability quite high, and all the more entertaining.I also should note I am not big on Single Player games and typically opt-in to Multiplayer games so I can play with friends and family - not since childhood in the early ages of gaming where everything was innovative as there was no set or defined norm - but this game has not only relit a love of engaging single player games but also bringing with it quite the nostalgic memories of my early gaming experiences with Dungeon (D&D) and Turn Based gaming.When I first was thinking of leaving a review, my only complaint - at that time - would have been about the controls within game; but, that being said, after having put more hours into the game at this point I have gotten used to the controls and any potential stemming frustration has been curbed.  It can take a couple hours to get used to it, but you become quickly acustomed to the controls.I am looking forward to the other 'Books' from the Developer [Thing Trunk] as well as the completion of Book of Demons."
76561198120805274,Recommended,449960,29893042,Posted: 12 February,all,SnowIsHere,"Very good game. I haven't had this much fun with a game in a long while. It's a classic; the levels get gradually harder with the introduction of more enemies, and harder enemies. I love this - it is done perfectly. There are many card that you can have your character equip, so this creates variety and customization.You can have a warrior create fire and ice fields!Very highly recommended to anyone that likes dungeon crawlers!"
76561198025031225,Recommended,449960,30350219,Posted: 5 March,all,Axeking,"Review based on version as of March 3/2017.I recommend to anyone looking here - try the demo. You will get to see how the game works (quite a lot of it actually) so you can make your own mind up.As for my opinion:Graphics are nice - not too demanding, yet still very functional, entertaining and enjoyable to look at.  Only real complaint at this point is that the game is just screaming for more content. There are 7 major groups of monsters, with up to 15 variants of each (total looks to be around 65 to 70, I haven't seen the last group - the first 6 have 58 combined). These variants do use different graphics so they aren't just different colours).Gameplay uses a mechanic of cards to represent equipment and spells, as well as ""crafting"" components - these are for upgrading your cards (each has 3 levels). The card system works pretty well - it forces you to make strategic choices, and you can tune these choices based ont he kind of opponents you are encountering in a dungeon.As mentioned elsewhere, your character has to follow the paths, but you do get to choose which way you want to go on these paths. Its not as limiting as you might think (this is where the demo really helps the game shine). Level size is configurable which allows you some control over how long you want to play in a session (time estimates are provided, seem not too far off). And you can return to town at almost any time, your progress will be saved (you do have to either use an item, or walk back to the level entrance to get to town).Combat works pretty good and is explained in the tutorial (make sure you follwo along or you will get destroyed!), with only a couple of concerns in the present version. The big one is that sometimes it is hard to get your charater to run away when you want to/need to - he may go a couple steps then stop, move nothing at all, or move where you want.  Also sometimes it is hard to target the monster you want to (or to hit their shield) when there is a crowd.The character progression system seems to encourage play, and exploration. You need gold to buy some improvements (more card capacity, upgrades, identify cards, etc), while every level you get a point of health or mana. Mana is used for both spells and to power equipment. Makes you think strategically :-)This is part of a series of 7 games (check the publisher's website) - so we will see how the rest goes. This one is a good start, and at this point is quite playable and looks to have a good future.And most importantly, its fun!"
,Recommended,449960,30543040,Posted: 16 March,all,Schulz the Ugly,"Been enjoying this little jewel Diablo 2 like for a while, expecially with the the card synergies and refreshing way of ""grinding"""
76561198002426204,Recommended,449960,30548472,Posted: 16 March,all,Aerique,"Had the game on my wishlist for a while, wished I bought it when it was on sale! A hack and slash without the annoying things like moving from place A to B. Runs super smoth, simple yet intuitive controls, creative card system. Love it."
76561198079505533,Recommended,449960,30568521,Posted: 17 March,all,KorenHyperion,Good game with charming visuals
,Recommended,449960,30604914,Posted: 18 March,all,RoughKnight,Seems like an interesting and new take on dungeon crawlers.  The amount of polish and work put into even small aspects of this game make it great!  Its still early (as of this writing) but I am really optimistic for the future of this game.
76561198053152578,Recommended,449960,30624256,Posted: 19 March,all,demonajs,i like it
76561198007261856,Recommended,449960,30632768,Posted: 20 March,all,souldrinker,"It is fun to play this ARPG game! It´s a revival of old classic Diablo, although with different game mechanics. I am really looking forward what comes next. And the Flexiscope is a perfect idea - and works just fine!"
76561198028041124,Recommended,449960,31764643,Posted: 15 May,all,Yolo Swagins,"I just killed a butcher, and i realy like the game. Old diablo""ish feel is back so far."
,Recommended,449960,31845007,Posted: 19 May,all,Daster,"Great game, it's fun even though it is still in early access, and 2 out of 3 classes are playable for now, pretty good for the state it is in, can only recommend.The Flexiscope is also great, but the rewards are way better if you choose the biggest settings.8/10"
76561198038797844,Recommended,449960,31847401,Posted: 19 May,all,corisai,"Mix some card games, some Diablo 1, some Darkest Dungeeon feeling and you will get Book of Demons. Not a bad mix (especially when you lucky to get it on sales). Please, take a note that game still in EA! (for some kind of peoples like myself it's a sentence with nowadays tons ofstuffin EA)Short summary : it's EA (nobody know how much game will be polished at final release), it's bring strong Diablo 1 nostalgia and somewhat look like complete D1 remake and have interesting card mechanic. If EA don't scare you I'm recommend you to try that game on sales.Also, I should note that I'm don't big fan of ARPG and played mostly only in titans of that genre (D-series, PoE, etc, etc), so I may miss some good sides of that game thinking it's oblivious.First positive sides :Quite fresh card mechanic when you're choice both from skills and ""gear"" (it can be pure passive bonus or some expendables like potions).Nice solution to allow player interrupt mobs most nasty skills without making CC abilities mandatory.Despite my initial disappointment from linear moverment of player (yes, we're stick to roads. in dungeeon.) - after first levels with boring dull monsters, later game became quite active and full of actions.Cute graphic (it's just IMHO).Cool ""periscope"" feature - you're choice yourself length of your game and game create more/less rooms and mobs.And now time for negative sides:Currently there's available only 2 classes (and another one is on beta-testing andwill be soon(c)). I know that it's indie game, etc, etc.And it's followed by quite small variability of cards currently - something around 42 cards for every class. Don't forget that some of that cards are common for both classes + some of them are passive bonuses. Yes, game have magic cards with additional random bonuses plus epic cards, but I'm still scared that there's not enough end-game content to farm.Manual dodging of enemy projectiles not very fun when combined with moverment on rails. Sometimes you're unable to dodge and forced to eat them all.UI is somewhat lacking information (while being quite polished). For example - how is determined cost ofnextmagic cauldron? Seems that it's somehow related to amount of prizes in current, but well... I can't determine optimal strategy and feel a bit frustated by it. Also some cards have not very clear description of what they will do.Gargoyles agro trigger. Sometimes that nasty creatures don't react when I'm approaching directly to them and strike into my back. Nasty, nasty ... creatures :)It's still Diablo 1 remake even if using completely new mechanic. So if you're spend many hours in D1, then you may not like it."
76561198000219893,Recommended,449960,31857489,Posted: 20 May,all,Bulwark_Backhand,"If you want a game that is that has a new artistic spin and can at times cause to violently spaz the hell out in panic induced state this is the game for you, put more then a few hours and it only has gotten better each update."
76561198018509293,Recommended,449960,31873080,Posted: 20 May,all,lotuspulse,"A solid and enjoyable dungeon crawler, but please note that the card system is almost definitely not what you're expecting:There is no card draw, and no deck building.Think of it more as getting gems or the way Diablo 3 does its skills. You get the cards but they are fully swappable in your slots. There is a minor random element in what cards you get, but received cards are available to you forever.I suggest to the devs that they reconsider their marketing and wording on this.It is a loadout, not a deck."
76561198076583455,Recommended,449960,31887915,Posted: 21 May,all,. T .,Guys just try it!.. just gice it a shot
76561198296009930,Recommended,449960,31889604,Posted: 21 May,all,Winston727,Great hack and slash game with very helpful support.
76561198387201072,Recommended,449960,31895546,Posted: 21 May,all,nickveniot,it's fun and simple to play. theres still work to be done but it's still fun.
,Recommended,449960,31895703,Posted: 21 May,all,MEAT SHIELD,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, buy it."
76561198004579849,Recommended,449960,31908338,Posted: 22 May,all,Dusty Mr. Biggles,Great game! Still needs a little work before full relase but a really enjoyable game from start to finish.
76561197995574021,Recommended,449960,31942352,Posted: 24 May,all,Skunk  Bottom,"Its a big twist on Diablo 1, and thats a really great thing. The mechanics of the game a really fresh, and the ability to vary the length of a quest is a really novel idea that other games could learn from. If you liked Diablo 1, you should buy this game, or at least try the demo. I mean they provided a demo, how many devs now days do that."
76561198164027564,Recommended,449960,32132903,Posted: 2 June,all,September_HX,An interesting game ! I like it !!!PLEASE make this game supporting touchscreen better !!!!  I want to play it on my tablet !!!! I have no idea how to right click to use cards in game with touchscreen (T - T) !!!!!!!!Also glad to see that this game will come to linux in someday ~
76561198014864761,Recommended,449960,32165585,Posted: 3 June,all,Dareln,I tried the demo of this game and had to buy the game the day after. It's that good.If you love Diablo I this game will make you bring some old memories... in a good way. The gameplay is very good as well and addictive and the atmosphere of the game is great. Not to mention the artstyle and music which are good too. Moreover you might like this game even if you are not a fan of hack n slash games.That said I have some issues with the current state of the game:- It is way too easy.I haven't died once and the only option to increase difficulty is by completing the game- the loot is mehCommon magical cards and even legendaries are not that good and most of them are useless with no shop to sell them- they could work on some better animations of the playable charactersEspecially the movement feels sluggish and a bit weird (perhaps it's because they are on rails)- some side quests would be nice- more depth to the leveling systemCurrently you can only choose vitality or mana increase and you get the other one in the town anyway so basically you don't have any leveling choice right now
76561198050930133,Recommended,449960,32593706,Posted: 20 June,all,Shrukn,"too busy playing, update review later"
76561198079598664,Recommended,449960,32608547,Posted: 20 June,all,gjg.paternostre,The Book of Demons provides a satisfying experience each time I play. I also love that I can tell people I'll be done in 20 minutes and actually mean it. The feature letting me choose how long to play makes great sense and is reliable. That significantly lowers the threshold for me to choose to play this game over others each time I decide on taking some time out for some gaming.This is a winner.
,Recommended,449960,32709891,Posted: 23 June,all,(SS) RATM,I didnt think much when it showed up on Reddit. The game is good fun though. SP only for now. You need to mix it up! Give this a shot. Try the demo its super long.
76561198083921593,Recommended,449960,32732611,Posted: 24 June,all,bemon,Nice Game
,Recommended,449960,32749829,Posted: 24 June,all,SILLY-FREAKY BONEMAN,"Probably the best roguelike diablo clone out there.Pros:+ Toggle between rogulike and typical action RPG mode (with saves)+ Diverse loot, loot variations, unique class spells+Currnet difficulty feels great for me (some bosses/affixs could be harder) and there's more difficulty options coming+Fun oragami graphics make it so that it doesn't look like EVERY OTHER ""hell has risen"" ARPGCons:- Early access, currently 2 playable classes and an announced third- Guided movement. In the end game you have to choose between having joy sticks for non-awkward movement or keys for you 5-6+ active abilities.- Enemy variation is basically all aesthetically undead and demons"
76561197993330943,Recommended,449960,32755533,Posted: 24 June,all,Banzai,"I must say it's been quite the pleasant surprise.I was a bit scared at first with the slightly lame intro sequence, but the game play is solid.It's a diablo style game, mixed in with a cards=powers style gameplay at a glance, but there's a lot to like beyond that.The levels are very much a completionist paradise, where it tracks how many monsters, loot piles and whatever are still remaining (you get bonuses for leaving nothing behind) and there's no Inv really.  You level up with a very basic system but there's some elegance there with the trade off of mana maximums for artifact items (which are like passive buffs).Also strangely at first, your mouse is where your character kinda is, as opposed to where your icon on screen. You move the mouse over loot, power ups, or monsters to attack them, and dont have to endlessly walk up to stuff to hit it. Once you get the hang of it, diablo's old school 'using my legs like a sucker!' seems pretty lame by comparison.  There's still dodging and so forth, but having to quickly click on a shield icon for enemies to bypass defenses, or click on your own health orb to try and rapidly remove poison becomes a game in itself as the madness of♥♥♥♥♥♥on the screen everywhere takes over.Gives you a few levels to get into the swing of it, and early game pacing is good.(Review after only 1.5 hours of gameplay)"
76561198010221729,Recommended,449960,32778240,Posted: 25 June,all,lux_aeternae,"it is what one wants it to be,for me it is a reminder how game can be fun without ultra hd res, reqs from space, and price taken from AAA+ titles of big companies.Book of Demons is worth each and every cent you spend on it."
,Recommended,449960,33625648,Posted: 18 July,all,Twerkinator,"If you like ARPGs like Diablo or Torchlight, this is a pretty neat little indie gem and I highly recommend it.It's simpler than its big brothers, but still a ton of fun and can keep you entertained for hours."
76561198052234757,Recommended,449960,33635381,Posted: 18 July,all,Parcevel,This game is totally unique and completely amazing. There's absolutely nothing like it and it is decievingly complex.
76561198109673872,Recommended,449960,33672085,Posted: 20 July,all,Skong,Great game for just wasting time. I play it every day before work while listening to music. Super chill.
76561198018053679,Recommended,449960,33692966,Posted: 21 July,all,SkillZ,Awesome game! Diablo-ish fun!
,Recommended,449960,33705569,Posted: 21 July,all,Ayden,Play this game! Support these devs! It's great! Can't wait for the other books as well!
76561198070574232,Recommended,449960,33782042,Posted: 25 July,all,megthompson3,A very cool combo of Hand of Fate like card system and Diablo 1 nostalgia!I like it!
76561198019538738,Recommended,449960,33796294,Posted: 25 July,all,Sanji Love Mermaid,"this game is very nice, but i hope it will have co-op mode and stage replay as of farm for gold"
76561198016477730,Recommended,449960,33811165,Posted: 26 July,all,Hedge God,"Very nice Diablo-esque dungeon crawler. The game is fun and engaging, with plenty of creative design decisions.Some of my favourites are:- choosing length of dungeon- monsters having less health when you level up (it's a subtle but clever one)- the card system is pretty great.On top of that the game manages to be quite dark and light hearted at the same time.It's sort of like a very well done Diablo lite.Would recommend 10/10"
76561198023737457,Recommended,449960,33813303,Posted: 26 July,all,randyahrendt,"so far i like what ive seen,alot of fun!!"
,Recommended,449960,33871684,Posted: 28 July,all,b1gw0lf,Every play Diablo 1? Did you wish it was closer to a board game? Did you also want it to be a rogue-like? This is that game. Extremely well polished and absolutely fun for fans of ARPGs and Roguelikes. Highly recommended.
76561198052978305,Recommended,449960,33998173,Posted: 3 August,all,markdogg73,"Fun and addictive.Flashback of orginal Diablo,does not dissapoint"
,Recommended,449960,34052901,Posted: 5 August,all,Zukkyun!,"nice game, really love it"
76561198015605847,Recommended,449960,34083065,Posted: 7 August,all,Vin,"Amazing! Essence of Hack n Slash distilled.Awesome sounds, loads of clicking and panicking.Terrible but endearing graphics.Good waste of hours"
76561198000357199,Recommended,449960,34201279,Posted: 12 August,all,Tzeentch (PL),Quite a nice game. A touch of Diablo but diferent mechanics and cartoonlike graphics that adds its charm and keeps the atmosphere. Point and click UIT is sometimes tricky but otherwise the game is a good timekiller.
76561198004174990,Recommended,449960,34285310,Posted: 16 August,all,Chro'Tal,"Positively surprised about this game. It is perfect for wasting the odd hour or so and pick up again whenever you can.Only one ""book"" (story"" playable for now, but I suppose it will grow. Hopefully not via DLC..."
76561198114077130,Recommended,449960,34328653,Posted: 18 August,all,CoolBeans,An awesome take on the classic hack and slash genre with really cool paper graphics. Even at this early access state everything looks really polished and responsive. Probably the most important aspect before buying is that you can only walk on a designated path in dungeons and other one is that every attack is done from a distance so all of them are ranged (even if you're using a sword). At this state the game only needs to be heard so give it a chance and download the demo. You can help the devs out with giving feedback. There is a feedback button where you can state your idea/problem at any time and they reply to you really quickly. Definitely recommend at it's current prize.
,Recommended,449960,34623174,Posted: 30 August,all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"Oh look, it's Diablo 1 HD! With papercraft!Seriously though, as someone whose first gaming true love was Diablo 2, I always felt bad for being unable to appreciate the original Diablo 1 for what it was, always seeing it as an inferior Diablo 2 prototype. This game, however, gives me that feeling I know I should've experienced when I played D1, but didn't. Its setting, characters and story are as close as you can get without getting sued by Blizzard, and gameplay is a weird kind of streamlined hack'and'slash, where the main character can only move forward and backward on a corridor ""rail"" of sorts. Which could be unfamiliar at first, but really doesn't take away much from the experience.All the spells, gear and consumables in the game are called ""cards"". There are 3 classes (guess the archetypes), and the ""cards"" you can get are determined by those. What I liked about this system is that you can put on any card in any slot, so if you want, you either can get loads of spells and survive without any gear at all or, on the contrary, you can ditch the spells, gear up all the way to the teeth, and go left-click everyone to death. Both these possibilities require lots of mana to be viable, but in different ways - spells cost mana as you cast them and you have to refill it once in a while, and gear passively locks some of your mana up, so if you don't have enough free mana, you can't put on any more gear. It's an interesting simplification of the classic level/stat requiement on gear that falls into the whole ""streamlined"" feel this game goes for.In short, I'm glad I found this little gem, and I hope one day to see Book of Demons 2: Archon of Ruination, if anything, just to see a papercraft Necromancer raising paper skeletons."
76561198042828622,Recommended,449960,34825327,Posted: 8 September,all,Druhgs,Very Good one.
76561198038200530,Recommended,449960,35060858,Posted: 19 September,all,dylogys,This game is a lot of fun!!! It feels very rewarding and you can do so many different things with different ability combinations!. I love it!
,Recommended,449960,35281308,Posted: 28 September,all,Coke,"Great gameplay, artstyle, narration, and music. Give the game's demo a shot."
,Recommended,449960,27528231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Who506,"For a Indie dev, this Diablo clone has some intresting twists.1) Everything is in a Paper/Card board cutout look, makes it fun not as a serious tone like Diablo.2) You set how much you will be playing for the session.3) You customize your way the hero playsIts fun and i would like to see what the dev brings to the table for the other 7 books (soon)"
76561197999477104,Recommended,449960,28225984,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dunx,"Great game, plays like Diablo and already in better shape than most released products today. Candidate for ARPG game of the year."
76561197998152057,Recommended,449960,30528898,Posted: 15 March,all,Morgan Freeman,"Fun dungeoncrawler with nice mechanics, good learning curve and decent variety and upgrade possibilities, adding some randomness to it at higher difficulties, puts your talent for improvisation at a test.Need some time to kill? The game asks you how much and generates a fitting dungeon for that timespan from 6 minutes to over half an hour. Pretty convenient. :D"
76561198068142400,Recommended,449960,30626529,Posted: 19 March,all,lejarak,Very good game. Great tribute to Diablo I.Recommend.
76561198121759640,Recommended,449960,30630481,Posted: 19 March,all,Um Num The Majestic Donut,Amazing semi-roguelike dungeon crawler
,Recommended,449960,31146825,Posted: 14 April,all,gamehits,"yup it's fun. kind of a steeper learning curve then say, diablo...but very fun once you get the gist..."
76561198019043607,Recommended,449960,31211102,Posted: 17 April,all,AML,Simple. Fun. Entertaining.Perfect for passing away the time at the office.I approve.
76561198023892474,Recommended,449960,31299728,Posted: 22 April,all,chirulahr,"What can I say?This game is great.This is one of the best games I have played in the past months. Seriously, I am amazed how much thought has gone into this to make it as accessible and fun as possible. This is truly a labour of love!Plus- it looks great, runs great on older machines and is easy to pick up and understand.In a nutshell this is an ARPG and an hommage to the original Diablo.BUT it is not just a clone. It is just different enough to provide a breath of fresh air and it is very well presented.The pacing is just PERFECT.It does not get boring or too easy, because just at the right moment, a new mechanic is introduced or a new enemy or damage type and you have to adapt. Also, the levelling-up is just the right speed.I especially LOVE all the functions added for making the gameplay as smooth and conventient as possible.This alone is worth the price.You have an option to decide how long your dungeon sessions are going to be- so you can play in short bursts or for a longer time. Plus- an in game clock helps you keep track of time.This is just awesome for someone like me, who has not a lot of time anymore to play games for hours on end.Also, there are many achievements to collect, if that is your type of thing.Do yourself a favour and buy the game.You wont be disappointed."
76561198035825409,Recommended,449960,31406959,Posted: 27 April,all,Forfeit,An amazing blast of tongue in cheek nostalgia
,Recommended,449960,31482834,Posted: 1 May,all,Westerland,"Funny mechanics, excellent presentation, enjoyable art.Needs more variations on heroes, spell, combat styles, etc."
76561198035485306,Recommended,449960,31831636,Posted: 18 May,all,Rapskallion,"I've had my eye on this title since some time last year, as a huge fan of Diablo and the C/ARPG genre as a whole. I eventually caved and purchased Book of Demons last week and have just started playing it tonight.I'm not far through, I've just slain The Cook and got my first Legendary card (an enhanced copy of Mighty Blow for my Warrior) and am so far totally loving my time with the game! I am enjoying all the old Tristram vibes with the Sage and the Demon infested Cathedral, the obvious but well spiced up Butcher reference and many other little touches that solidify the tone and feel of the game as being something akin to the original Diablo or Darkest Dungeon, but with a very firm tongue in the cheek.I find the card based system quite interesting and entertaining. As a Warrior at the moment I am spending almost all of my card slots and mana on artefacts (weapons and armour) and an essential slot dedicated to Healing potions, but I honestly haven't felt the need to use many spells or abilities. Not that I would have enough mana to do so with the amount of enchanted gear I'm wearing. I don't think this is a problem for me, per se, but I imagine some people may find the trade off between passive bonuses from artefacts (green cards) and active abilities from spells (blue cards) to be... unnecessary?The game is well paced, allowing for relaxing and cathartic monster slaying in just the right sized chunks, and with the dungeon lengths easily customised to be tailored to however long you wish to spend playing.I haven't tried the Mage yet and as of writing this review the Rogue class is unavailable, but I am very much looking forward to trying both of them out and seeing how the game feels different. Presumably with the Mage class I will find the balance shifting more heavily towards the use of Blue Spell cards for active abilities. I may be a bit disappointed if this was not the case and I still felt that passive bonuses were worth more than spells and abilities on a Mage character.I adore the art, which is heavily stylised in a Papercraft fashion and even down to the way the newly generated dungeon literally unfolds before you like a folded up game board being unfurled across a table. The music is very reminiscent of Diablo and the voice acting is actually very impressive compared to my expectations, with the Barmaid sounding very sweet and compassionate and the Sage being a dead ringer for a certain other series' iconic well-leaning identifier of unknown bric-a-brac.Overall I give this a healthy 8.5-9/10 so far and anticipate that I will be playing this for a good while to come. Rating slightly lowered for the so far perceived imbalance in the usefulness of green cards vs blue cards and small number of playable classes, though of course I know the Rogue is still in development and will complete the dungeon delving trio that matches off against the original Diablo. More classes beyond those three would be amazing."
76561198033137549,Recommended,449960,31946730,Posted: 24 May,all,Alan,"Fantastic game!! Just about any machine can run this game. No serious graphics card needed. It's like Diablo 1. If your looking for a RPG that delivers, this is an excellent choice. The game has some exception mechanics. I love the ability to choose the length of the game and the size of the dungeons. The game monitors your play speed and pace and then offers different sizes marked small, mediums, large and extra large and gives a time for the run through based on the data it has collected from your previous runs. This gives you the ability to pick a map no bigger than you have time for.The game awards cards instead of weapons. The cards give you abilities such as health and mana regeneration and also physical attributes such as knocking back enemies and armor enhancements. You get all the abilities you would expect from an RPG just in a slightly cooler format. I like the cards. It’s easier than always searching for armor and weapons like most RPGS. The cards can be upgraded by the blood sucking leeches in town that you are protecting. :) So, you protect them and collect gold and they take all your money just like all RPGS. :)I do recommend this game. As of today, it’s still a beta but it has run perfectly. No crashes or any other problems so don't let that concern you.The games progresses you through dungeons that go deeper and deeper under the cathedral. It's seems to have a lot of replay value as well. Which is something I wish all RPG's had. There are lot of levels and a lot of monsters. This is a really fun RPG. I'm glad I took a chance on it. I think at the end of the game it goes into free play mode so you can go back and play any level you wish.The only thing I wish this game had was an online co op mode so you can team up and play with friends. That would be awesome. and I wish it was a little more in-depth on character creation. But these are wishes not complaints. I do give this game 5 stars."
76561198009559073,Recommended,449960,32087965,Posted: 31 May,all,deveniephoenix,"Having alot of fun with this game, interesting and engaging content, that's not too easy or too hard. Fun paperverse graphics and dynamic combat!"
,Recommended,449960,32745476,Posted: 24 June,all,Zkin,"I love it.There are somethings that could be added / removed / changed but i havent gotten that far in the game.As far as i know all my ""issues"" could be resolved later in the game (card variants..)some minor stuttering though."
,Recommended,449960,33017931,Posted: 29 June,all,ThePhonyOne,Interesting melding of RPG and card systems with unique graphics. Definitely worth trying teh demo if your unsure about it.
,Recommended,449960,33249698,Posted: 4 July,all,Tuanta,Serious gem of a game here. Add this to your library now...
76561197988797010,Recommended,449960,33361399,Posted: 7 July,all,c0nan666,Good casual dungeon crawler
,Recommended,449960,33467186,Posted: 11 July,all,VoltageSpike,"Definitely a quality time to be had with this game. It's as if someone decided to smash together Diablo and Paper Mario. If you're on the fence about it, don't be. It's absolutely worth your time."
76561198049686837,Recommended,449960,33483930,Posted: 12 July,all,victorio,"This game is a great throwback to the original Diablo, with the three classic character class archetypes and lots of references. It's definitely its own game though, and I love the skill/artifact system. Can't wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,449960,33530228,Posted: 14 July,all,ＢＡＤ life decision,"A wandering hero has come home, only to find his homeland infested with undead and demonic creatures, risen from the depths of hell by the archdemon himself, set free by the antipope and his bois under the basement of their once holy cathedral.Prepared mentally, the hero is ready to go to hell and back to stop the demon infestation and faceDiablothe archdemon himself. (which is funny since he yells ""go to hell"" alot)Book of demons is a diablo 1 ""reboot"" set in a pop-up book style universe. You play as either a warrior or a mage (and rogue  in the near future update) and each class plays out very differently. The levels are procedurally generated and randomly-populated, with random minibosses on each level. The Flexiscope feature allows you to choose level size based on the time you are willing to spend on it. This feature is particularly handy for people with limited playtime. Combat feels nice and easy to grasp, even for casual players. Get this game, i guarantee you will have one HELL of a great time.... or not, don't take my word for it, try the demo."
,Recommended,449960,33838584,Posted: 27 July,all,Katana,"Played the demo, and was sold....So if you are reading this, you probably interested in the game.. Do like me! Play the demo!"
76561198143354050,Recommended,449960,33875648,Posted: 29 July,all,dumbdawg,pretty fun a bit difficult with  a little punishing death 7/10-8.5/10
76561197969070865,Recommended,449960,34332242,Posted: 18 August,all,taC,"In a nutshell i like this game as the control and the gameplay is not overcomplicated, the gameplay and the card tactics is different by charachters. I think the developers are also interested to max out the possibilities out of this game during the updates. It would be good to see more games like this..."
,Recommended,449960,34873745,Posted: 10 September,all,Lakdanan,"i love the game but, have some issues with win 10 ... :( i have to refund it, but i will buy it in the official release :)"
,Recommended,449960,34877371,Posted: 10 September,all,Zafyr,"S'pretty good so far I suppose. At this time it has a lot that can be improved upon, but as the current concept stands for the game it is enjoyable. I do hope to see more that they implement in the future for it. Until then, it is like some of other good early access games: Good ideas with a good foundation, just needs time, development, and more direction."
76561197996698684,Recommended,449960,35038847,Posted: 17 September,all,HolyNin9,"I like it, reminds me of diablo 1"
76561198008537019,Recommended,449960,35290073,Posted: 29 September,all,Comrade Zura,"A nostalgia trip back to the past (Good past) for ARPG players who grew up with Diablo, POE, Runescape etcCool ingame mechanics to tailor your dungeon sessions to time you want to spend/ or can spendAlso an interesting/original graphics designA jolly good game to have crack at"
76561198007110255,Recommended,449960,31044017,Posted: 9 April,all,StudlyCurmudgeon,"I've only just beaten the first boss, but this game holds a lot of promise. It is exactly what they advertise it to be: an action RPG distilled to its purest form. Once they add more classes and abilities, I can see this game sucking hours or days of my life away."
,Recommended,449960,31102043,Posted: 12 April,all,daxescomando,so beatifull i like buy it now RPG YA ! DO IT JUST DO IT!!HERMOSO JUEGO COMPRENSELO ESTA MUY BUENO Y ESO QUE TODAVIA le siguen aumentando mas cosas.!!
76561197993299379,Recommended,449960,31872341,Posted: 20 May,all,Master Xaipres,"WOW for me give this Game her the most fun to play a Game of the last 10 Years and i am now 30 of Age . I a Fan on DIablo 1 , i played the game on Playstation 1 and 5 Years later on the Pc Version and i love the Style of Diablo 1 for me is Dibalo one the best Dibalo better than Diablo 2 . Why ? In this Game and in Diablo 1 the most importet on this Game and Content of some Cenre is the fact ... ( Its a Game you go in the Hell !!! I mean you go the a Place with most Panic Atmosphare and Horror Creatures like Demons,Guhls and Scelletons wait for Kill you) . I love Book of Demons its like Dibalo 1 but, the gameplay is not the same and the Attack and spells its a combination of Monoboly + Fusion with Cards = Than you have Book of Demons . Ok ok this Game is in a Alpha version but , With my i5 6600K and 16 Gb Ramm DDR 4 with GPU (Graficcard) 1060GTX 6 GB VRAM run this game Perfect with not one lags , no freeze , not Error , i cant´ find a bug in this game so for me i can say run´s Perfect very good for a Alpha version .TOP Importen Points why for me is this Game the best i have play in the last 10 years .1. Soundtracks or Level Music is very deep of Panic and nice Horror Atmosphare .2. You play us Warrior the First time you unlock when you lvl 10 the Mage and than the Hunter with Bow .The cards is in Category like = Normal,Magical, Legendary Quality of Cards and you need to Farm the good cardsand makes fun to littel bit grind but not to much in 3 Hours new char i have 2 Legendary Cards by ma Mage.3. The special Items with Attributes or char Buffs very cool and you must look for a good way you will playmore Mana to can cast a lot of Fireballs or better more Live and def to live longer its you way and you can chance it every time, in the Dungeon and the game is Pause . Better than run every time to town to must do this .4. If you good Higher on the Level the enemys go better and better and the Difficult not so easy but its not to hard you can finish the level ( I play with X-Box Controller runs very good no bugs or Errors) for me is this very importent than this game have Full Controller support i am sick and i can´t sit longer than a hour . I must play without Keyboard . I have no choice .5. The Story of the Game is not the Best a Hero came in town and must help ... like a Hollywood Story . I hope the developers work on it and chance littel bit more Realistic Story and why help the Hero the town he works for free? He is a good Man ... thats to easy !!! But its a Alpha6.Played Book of Demons 10 Hours only but i will play it over 100 Hours if the game have enough stages and more content more Boss enemys and very importent more enemy Creatures .The points i miss in this game1. Why i have no Equipt like Armor or chancing my Clothes.2. Why i cant play by a new char Woman or Male i must play a Male mage more Optons will be better.3 Ok only 3 classes i hop you can play a Necromance, Arcane Mage, or a Duellant with Sworts or a Wiking with Doubel Axt, Kung Fu fighter with Magical Power or a Assasine with Claws like in Diablo 2 .4. Its not the biggest Point but i can play this game only for me not enjoy coop with friends with 2 or max 3 players .and include more Difficults for coop players .5.The looting options only is Gold or Cards . Why not Armors , Clothes for Style need to chance littel bit the chars form look, no Rings no Amullets . Ok you not Attributes like Def, Str or Dex think thats the fact why you have nor Equipt to loot int his game you have no inverntory . No town with Market that the point why you have only loot cards on a longer time you play this game over 50 Hours , can be a problem than tha loot system not attractiv enough to play or Grind to find new special items this game need over 1000 Cards System .6. Its only a idee but is not a must have what need this game .I buy this game with 20% and the end price was .  14€ for this Game .The price is fair for the content in the Alpha i have a lot of fun and i hope the Developers make more Cards and Chars in this Game and work clear and Professional for better littel bit longer and bug Free than you cant play it more of to much bugs thats kill me , its haven . and good luck for the Future and make a Amazing Fullverion on Book of Demons ."
76561197999754280,Recommended,449960,31874051,Posted: 20 May,all,ThreeDayBeard,"Initial impressions:  Most fun I've had in quite a while.Level of polish:  Very high-- for an early access title, it's actually sensationalVoice acting:  very good, especially the holy manStory: an homage to DiabloReplayability:  very high; tons of achievementsDifficulty levels:  unlockable; gets harder as you go;  permadeath mode an optionThis is a fun dungeon crawler with lots to do and customize.  I love the flexiscope feature that analyzes how you play and lets you know how much time it will take to do the dungeon level.  Whether you like to kill everything or race to get it done, it will adapt.  Very cool idea.Well worth your time and money if you have even a passing interest in this sort of genre of game.  This one's a keeper."
,Recommended,449960,32928627,Posted: 28 June,all,Flying Shisno,"This is a great game. An RPG Dungeon Crawler. You run along the paths, left clicking enemies to attack, and using cards against them. In the game, spells, skills, consumable items, and equipment come in the form of cards. You can find cards in chests and the occasional bookshelves.One thing I like is that you go down the dungeon in 'quests', where each quest is a certain amount of floors, but before the game generates the next quest, you can use what's called the Flexiscope to adjust how big it'll be. When you choose the size(there's a button and a slider), it'll change how many floors there are, how big those floors are, the minimum amount gold and exp you'll earn on that quest, and roughly how long it'll take. It's done this way so people can choose their preferred size, and feel accomplished when they finish it. Only have about 10-15 minutes to spare? Choose the 'Small' quest size and finish it within that amount of time. Got plenty of time or prefer longer quests? Choose the Large size and it'll give you an hours' worth of Dungeons. Also, before you click to descend into a Dungeon Floor, it'll show you what type of monsters to expect, which is useful.All Cards(spells, items, etc) can be upgraded with Rune Cards you find in the dungeon, increases their power(and mana cost) and in the case of items like potions, increases the amount you can carry at once.Due to the procedural generation of the game, there's plenty of replayability. Theirs also 2 character classes at the time of this review: the Mage and the Warrior, both of which play quite differently from each other. Also, in the future, the Rogue Class will be added, which I know uses a bow, but I don't know too much else. Each Class has 3 character slots, so other people can create their own character.This game has a distinct Diablo I/II feel to it. To the characters, the Dungeon(which is obviously the Catacombs from Diablo I), and even the cards.I highly recommend this game to any fan of RPG's, lite hack n' slash games, or Diablo."
,Recommended,449960,34722702,Posted: 3 September,all,never knows best,"having fun so far, but not a fan of the point and click mechanics. i thought this that when your character moves everything else moves in this game but appears to be not - but thats ok hah. gl on the development."
,Recommended,449960,30507376,Posted: 14 March,all,hobothulhu,An excellent distillation of old hack and slash games with more than enough unique charm to provide for hundreds of hours of fun.
76561198001247036,Recommended,449960,30584212,Posted: 17 March,all,Raze,"Been playing this game for a whle now - in an awesome state for an EA game.A fun and irreverent look back at the oiriginal Diablo in a isometric ""paper cutout"" game.Great fun to play and challenging to boot.Worth every penny"
76561198041432098,Recommended,449960,30884317,Posted: 1 April,all,Ashen Seeker,"Seems like there's a lot of potential here! A few systems don't make too much sense to me (the choice of what to level up doesn't really matter with how accessible the cauldron is) but overall there's a lot going for this game. Give it a try if you liked the first Diablo. The biggest draw, though, is that you can get meaningful play experiences even if you only have 10 spare minutes. I'd love to have this game on a tablet!"
76561198044597749,Recommended,449960,31103843,Posted: 12 April,all,Cler1c,"Barmaid is voiced by the actress that gave her voice to Imoen. And you have a reference that hints to BG2 and growing up in Candlekeep. Well played, well played. The game is great, buy it and support the entire project."
76561197970565457,Recommended,449960,32390618,Posted: 13 June,all,Phonemonkey,"Pretty fun game, the mechanics are interesting for a realtime ARPG card kinda game. It appears the developer is still working on it, and adding a rogue class to the game in addition to the warrior and mage. Basically you zip around a little dungeon clicking on monsters and loot, using special abilities you gain as cards."
,Recommended,449960,32744778,Posted: 24 June,all,NLZ,"Fun little point and click dungeon crawler.Try the demo, its actually good with a solid hour or two of gameplay.Made me buy the game."
,Recommended,449960,33655163,Posted: 19 July,all,kaldrenon,"An incredible homage to the original Diablo, capturing the spirit of that game while still introducing more than enough new content to make it both modern and unique. Card based games and hack'n'slash games are both like crack to me, so basically I was doomed to like this from the beginning."
,Recommended,449960,32593814,Posted: 20 June,all,NagiSoi,Fun game to play even to grind a bit. You can pick how long you want one session to be from 5minutes to 50minutes +-
76561197964668869,Recommended,449960,32629192,Posted: 21 June,all,Delequiox,"Love the game! If you like the old Diablo style, this is the game for you!!"
76561198321025411,Recommended,449960,32689213,Posted: 23 June,all,7thgenss,digital crack right here
76561197965078564,Recommended,449960,32831029,Posted: 26 June,all,TroepHero,"I am truly impressed by this game, the way you charge cards and use skills accordingly is very refreshing, it's really not Diablo clone 1000.Few cons: There could be a bit more variety in the dungeons + I am not a fan of the way you move visually....Otherwise a flawless game!"
76561198066014813,Recommended,449960,33132122,Posted: 2 July,all,Thc RedEye,"So far, so awsome, Love this game... the  paperdoll style is fantastic and gameplay supricingly smooth.a lot less stress than most ARPG games, could prob be a negative, but in this game i love it.i realy hope the game gets bigger, have more maps or even other story lines to it..."
76561197994827596,Recommended,449960,33663058,Posted: 19 July,all,Bart,"The first impression of the game didn`t convinced me, but as i played, i got catived by its simple and unique style.Movement was a pain until i learned i could disable mouse movement and only use WASD to move.Dodging in a 2D environment is strange, but you can get used to it.Game dificulty is easy if you love making ""combo"" with cards ( aka powers ), but hard if you cant."
,Recommended,449960,33862368,Posted: 28 July,all,Alexis Panagiotou,Stay a while and listen....I am a huge fan of diablo series and this is clearly something of an unofficial remake of it..So i will review it as it was a diablo remake...First of all i recommend the game and i have a lot of fun with it...I played with warrior a bit and now i play mage and i have a lot of fun with him though i think he is a little overpowered compared to warrior ... cannot wait for roque too..Things i liked...1. NIce graphics for what the game wants to be...2. i liked that you can play more or less with the flexiscope system3. a lot of bosses and good loot4. the spell effects are what it is supposed to be and the upgrade system works good for now5. nice voiceovers and also humor6. when i saw the town i almost cried (even the cathedral has the red light from diablo)7. i liked also the sparks in the screen when the game tells you where something you look is (outside the screen i mean)8. i liked the fact that the devs have a multiple choice questionary(i dont know if there is such word) to make their game even betterthings i did not like or would want them to be there1. i could use a map though it is pretty easy to find everything2. some sound effects are just bad (the sparks sound like a fly is going into the killing lamp)3. the atmosphear is not what i would want...no suspence and no anxiety for what is coming..4. i would like the movement to be more freely and not in lanes (for me the worst of all).. i mean monsters and the golem can walk wherever they want but i cannot?5. golem...until now its pretty useless to me6. npcs are i think just there...no lore for them and no names7. i miss griswold wirt and farnham...8. i liked the card system BUT i would prefer a more classic inventory9. though the music is ok i listen now diablo 1 ost and play the game (do it too....it is far better)At some point i will return to edit this review...I really like the game and did not regret on buying it but whoever wants to see an exact copy of diablo go somewhere else... it has a lot of things from diablo but this game has its own character...I hope the developers will see what the community misses from the game and consider it...Cheers and have funAlex
76561198093210105,Recommended,449960,34023127,Posted: 4 August,all,Desaad,"Loving this game so far! Addictive gameplay, great art and fun abilities!"
,Recommended,449960,30635685,Posted: 20 March,all,PrismFire,Nice game where i can choose how long i want to play the game with.
76561198218054292,Recommended,449960,30641537,Posted: 20 March,all,aragorn570,"Skeletons, Spiders and Demons Oh my! Diablo on rails, simplified and oozing production value... Great indie game to scratch that dungeon crawling itch."
76561197971186241,Recommended,449960,30658048,Posted: 21 March,all,=AO=ROCKMAN,A game with adventure and loots :-)
76561198038159176,Recommended,449960,30680791,Posted: 22 March,all,J Remmey,Great little dungeon crawler. i enjoy the card usage in it.
,Recommended,449960,31610841,Posted: 7 May,all,=ProX= hatman555,"A simple game that allows stacking challenges to make it complex. It's a bit light on content for 20 bucks, but I think that there is some replayability. I hope that the future feature releases come free for game buyers. The game has made me laugh, pulse race during hard parts, and rage when I die. Very much enjoying it."
,Recommended,449960,31723872,Posted: 13 May,all,NetQvist,"Been playing games for almost 30 years now and for some reason this game still feels like a unique game. It manages to mix so many different styles of art, gameplay and story telling that I'm not really sure what is what but it sure blends together well.Greatly recommended!"
76561198048439949,Recommended,449960,31829911,Posted: 18 May,all,KOOLCOO,"Simple, catchy and fun.I am big fan of the Diablo series, and this game actually made me replay, the original DIablo again  :D.Really good and simple game mechanics and the  interesting and atmospheric art style.I am waiting for more games from Return2Games."
76561198100129953,Recommended,449960,31891376,Posted: 21 May,all,LittleDuckOfBattle,"I found this game pretty amazing, the concept and the systems have a simple concept and is a well developed game."
76561198197956469,Recommended,449960,35274600,Posted: 28 September,all,Verstakyon,"Liked it!. Game is really fun, remembrance of the old classics. It is harder that the common ones where you can progress quick."
76561198140914901,Recommended,449960,33631586,Posted: 18 July,all,Zjh,like this game
76561198033773633,Recommended,449960,35293554,Posted: 29 September,all,chibiyondaime,Quite a fun pick up and play Dungeon Crawler. Easily customizable run sizes mean you can play for 10 minutes before work or for hours on a day off. I've only played for 5 or so hours and I find myself hooked.
76561198013483737,Recommended,449960,35346393,Posted: 30 September,all,Krahen,Very enjoyable game. No bugs so far.
,Recommended,449960,33170317,Posted: 2 July,all,Kobogartimer,"Unique, beautiful art style, exciting and different gameplay. Very interested in playing more of this and seeing what else these guys can do."
,Recommended,449960,34545917,Posted: 27 August,all,Hvalfisk,"This game is really good. High quality. Well made. Feels very satisfying.The controls are a bit clunky, though."
76561197980297094,Recommended,449960,35350548,Posted: 30 September,all,bacchusthedrunk,"Fun and addicting. I love the way the skills and abilities are aquired and leveled. To be honest, this game really feels like the next evolution of Torchlight, and that is a great thing."
76561198299403667,Recommended,449960,30327814,Posted: 4 March,all,rct1385914,"Hey folks. Gonna start this with the premise that I am an avid D3 player, and that this game falls in the same category for me. Easy to pick up, delightful look, playstyle (once you get used to it) UI and overall feel really. If you like the traditional ARPG style game, and played paper mario with anything close to the fervent passion that I did, than you should have no difficulty picking this up, and sinking a few well enjoyable hours into this game. 8-9 out of 10. When the full release hits I'll be able to update that to one or the other."
,Recommended,449960,30599387,Posted: 18 March,all,Kurcik,Maan i feel like playing Diablo for the first time. Love it.
76561198027915849,Recommended,449960,30651846,Posted: 21 March,all,Kofotarn,"I like it alot, its fun"
,Recommended,449960,30696585,Posted: 23 March,all,KirkWS,"Let me say that while I do recommend this game there are problems.  Movement is track based.  You can't strafe or even sidestep.  Makes it a pain to dodge projectiles. The game also feels like a mobile game. Too many things need to be clicked or moused over.  All of that being said, it is pretty original and the game play isn't half bad."
76561197991804024,Recommended,449960,31393587,Posted: 27 April,all,Salesninja,"This game is incredible!  It really scratches that Action RPG itch in a way no other game has in quite a while.  Its clever, doesenr take itself too seriously... but it has real depth!  The card system is pretty interesting, I keep finding new cards, new ways to combine powers, new unique battle mechanics.  This does not feel liek an early access game at all!  Also the devs have tons of ways to gather feedback, and sure seem to listen.  Help them make this game even betrter than it already is!  Get a copy today, really worth it.This is basically a must have."
76561198071890615,Recommended,449960,31698271,Posted: 12 May,all,WS,Nice game!
,Recommended,449960,32054084,Posted: 29 May,all,Pyrrhic Decay,"The developers have really stepped up the game lately with the changes to rune cards and affixes. I LOVE this game as I can just sit and chill, let some YouTube or a podcast run elsewhere and zone out. The mechanics are dead simple but you can really have fun with them.It feels so Diablo, and in a good way. The FlexiScope dungeon run mechanic of following your game and seeing how long it normally takes you to go is a solid sort of thing that I would absolutely love to see in other games. The art style is great, as is the story. It's a load of fun.As far as negatives? I haven't really noticed any. I'm not a big number ♥♥♥♥♥ in this title and I feel you don't need to be unless you want to be. I've made my money's worth and more in sheer enjoyment from this title. I would love to see more!"
,Recommended,449960,32074376,Posted: 30 May,all,Squeenduck,"TLDR: Buy this game, it is fantastic. The utmost care is put into every little thing - thank you devs!This is my first hack-and-slash game and I am hooked. The story is coherant, the characters are charming, the equipping/upgrading system is intuitive and flexible and the monsters are varied and challenging - even a little humerous sometimes! Hack-and-slash vets might find it a little too easy (I finished the first main quest and only died a couple times), but that was good - it flowed. This is just a beta but I am happy I paid full price for it. 100% worth it.Everything about this game is streamlined for my maximum enjoyment. Seriously, every feature seems to have me carefully in mind. I'd think ""Ugh, I missed a barrel and now I have to go find it... oh, there's a shiny to point the way? Sweet! But now I have to trudge back to the exit... oh, there's a button to quick-exit? Yes please!"" This is a team who knows their audience and is thinking about nothing but my fun. The graphics and sound effects add to the experience rather than getting in the way. I love how they've really stuck to the ""book"" theme - every character looks like careful origami, every scene-change is accompanied by the gentle sound of pages turning.But the icing on the cake is the dev contact. I submitted a bug report (my dude kept cheerfully hopping towards his own flames even though I thought I had the click-to-walk feature turned off) and within 24 hours the dev had emailed me personally to say they'd get right on it."
76561197979777078,Recommended,449960,32102585,Posted: 1 June,all,CoyoteTheClever,"It looks like Diablo and feels like Diablo, but it is much less of a mindless game, with enemies being unique and having interesting mechanics attached to them, and there is no inconveniences like going through vendor trash or playing the inventory puzzle.Overall, it is more than just an update to a beloved classic, it is a reimagining. I'm really curious as to what this dev studio is going to do next, as they are going to make other games in this series."
,Recommended,449960,32602215,Posted: 20 June,all,soulmas5,"You know... for an on-rails (yes you read that correctly), equipment-free, card based skilll (and some relatively benign equip cards), story devoid, backtrack heavy Isometric Diablo 1 clone that only has 2 of 3 classes available, I cannot deny getting lost and captivated MOST of the time. Definitely worth the 20 bucks or so now, and if the developers keep it up and don't put this project on the backburner, will be much more than that in the future.7/10 in current state, with an early access seal of approval."
,Recommended,449960,33143348,Posted: 2 July,all,Mouth,"This is a good game.  Diablo on rails, fun mechanics.  I am still playing it and look forward to more. It's in EA, but runs perfectly."
76561198023431066,Recommended,449960,33150093,Posted: 2 July,all,atropostr,"Looking forward to see more content, jumping skill and new classes"
76561198010821844,Recommended,449960,33452389,Posted: 11 July,all,Orcduchaos,"This game is a copy of diablo 1, but in a simplier with much deeper mechanics version. The card system is great, it reminds me of titan quest with the reserved mana for passives you are using. Really nice!"
76561198014577646,Recommended,449960,33488869,Posted: 12 July,all,Gustafssonz,I can see myself coming back to this game from time to time. It's a well made game with alot of fun. The idea of progress/time-picking is awesome!
76561198079509604,Recommended,449960,33660097,Posted: 19 July,all,Platinum Excalibur,"This game has very good combat mechanics, and i didnt think it would."
,Recommended,449960,33730815,Posted: 22 July,all,millerpball2600,This is a nice simple dungeon crawler. You can set your dungeon to take whatever amount of time you have so you dont get stuck having to leave halfway though a dungeon.
76561198076385045,Recommended,449960,34083943,Posted: 7 August,all,[CCU] SirFranc,"This game is brilliant.I have bought it because I tought it was funny to have a Diablo 1 homage, I found a completely new experience that allowed me to relive the old nostalgia while playing something entirely new and challenging"
76561198054696809,Recommended,449960,32412780,Posted: 14 June,all,Bogdan,"The game is quite allright, bit funny, diablo-1-ish story wise, liking those green cards that lessen your mana pool and act as buffs, upgrade system is ok as well.Only thing i dont like so far is leveling system which is bland, very bland, you pick either 1 max life or mana, when you go back to town you can take the thing you didnt choose so end of the line is there is no choice there. Every level up is +1 life and mana, shame.The game needs a lot more character progression wise, skill tree, passive tree, more points to spend, more statistics to choose, not only life/mana. A BIG minus for lacking that.I suppose i will give it a like, altho just barely.Hopefully they will add something there, it really needs it.Bland games die fast."
,Recommended,449960,32631717,Posted: 21 June,all,Doomed,"This game reminds me a lot about diablo, now both are great games and both have their own pros and cons but this game is more casual than diablo in my opinion but then again, playing with a buddy would make this game great. Although i do not know how they would make that work with the movement system already in place for SINGLE PLAYER."
76561197982844293,Recommended,449960,32787042,Posted: 25 June,all,semptex,good random generated dungeonnice that you can adapt the length of each sub-dungeon with a slider
76561197980694981,Recommended,449960,32830799,Posted: 26 June,all,Mind'o,"A charming Diablo inspired dungeon crawler with a unique art style. The game is polished enough to be released, except for the additional class (Warrior and Mage are currently available, Ranger is on the way) which is a welcome suprise amongst Early Access games.Gameplay - Point and click, accessible enough to be turned into a mobile game. However, the card system is what stands out, loot and skills are placed into a pool of cards that can be equiped to your character. Think of this pool as your ""hand"". Your hand can be increased to equip more items and skills (healing potion, necklace of mana regeneration, etc.) making it so you can easily change a characters build, while maintaining anything you have upgraded back in town. Both of these elements bring a more casual feel to the game, which is complimented by the fact that dungeon crawls can be set to a certain time limit. If you want to go on a 5 min crawl, you can. Want an hour? Go for it. In the end, it comes down to managing your characters movement and skills, while adapting to the various types of enemies. And, if you feel like adding an extra edge, the option for perma death is available at character creation."
,Recommended,449960,33626823,Posted: 18 July,all,қhgω.Halogen_Fluid,Awesome game!  Digging the art style and game mechanics.
76561198032078295,Recommended,449960,31567753,Posted: 5 May,all,AdaptiveStrike,This game is great. I read a few of the comments to try and understand what I was getting into before buying this game. If you were every a Diablo 1 Fanboy you will love this game.There are many games out there that dungeon crawlers based on what Diablo started but this is what diablo started. Fresh and Innovated do give it.
76561198029900145,Recommended,449960,31779812,Posted: 15 May,all,spbeards,"Great little game, I hope it gets bigger!"
76561198059287253,Recommended,449960,32420074,Posted: 14 June,all,ozkal.arayici,"Graphics are worst; paper chars; moving is far worst ; but still there is a potential in this game; secrets should be added t game, and maybe some mini games ,otherwise it will be boring in the end;  and more quality cinematics (paper or not, doesnot matter) would be nice; as a suggestion of minigames i suggest a mini card game with npc's , hope a developer see this :) , still i give a like, so cheers"
76561198087407302,Recommended,449960,32617769,Posted: 21 June,all,Rekarof,"It has a very retro Feel to the Game But don't take that as a Bad things, This Game has a lot going for it. Including some Very Interesting Fighting machanics and Unique Bosses of All sorts."
76561198068729252,Recommended,449960,32795685,Posted: 25 June,all,Offshot,"First look, I thought it was going to be a clicking type game with little depth, but I couldnt have been more wrong! This has to be the best indi game I've tried in a long time.The dungeon length feature is genius. This allows you to run through a 10 min dungeon or 1hr run. Depending on the length, it gives you progression towards the next boss, so no matter what you pick, its always pushing you forward.Deck building in this game is very fun. You get cards that act as abilities which is exciting to collect or see one drop.This is an early release game, but it feels extremely polished. After your game sessions the game asks you if you would like to take a survey. They are fast and really lets you voice your opinion. it really makes me feel like I am taking apart in helping mold this game and I am excited to see whats next, or if the developers post something new.There are several openings that suggest there will be other ""books"" not just the demon book, so I assume there will be lots of content in the future. As of now, there is still plenty of content to enjoy. So far it has taken me 2hr. to get to the first real boss.AT LEAST TRY THE FREE DEMO!!!"
,Recommended,449960,33129591,Posted: 2 July,all,pendantry,"Book of Demons sent me here...... to froth about how much I like it. I do. A lot. If you don't value my opinion -- and, why should you? -- then go and download the free demo. You'll probably get hooked, just like me.PS Although it's classed as 'Early Access' at present, I'd say it's already feature-complete. Plenty of content, and the only bugs I've encountered so far are spiders."
76561198082072385,Recommended,449960,33629253,Posted: 18 July,all,. : Alucard D Ace : . alias 火拳のエ,fun game i enjoy it but the dyin coud be better made little bi sucks u loose things but whatever nice game can give u lots of fun
,Recommended,449960,33638924,Posted: 18 July,all,Daddy Bear,Good stuff.. must go deeper.
76561198060514645,Recommended,449960,33670388,Posted: 20 July,all,Of Course...  ...But Maybe,"Fresh concept, fun gameplay and keeps you coming back for more, and the art is just fabulous and quirky.Some notes for the developers,While some cards are extremely overpowered some cards are extremely weak. I did not even put most cards in warrior card set on my skill bar to try it out. You could get through the game with only 5 of the ""good"" ones. The weak ones feel like fillers.It would be nice if you get some kind of alert when the road is blocked and your character cant get through. Would be especially helpful during hectic combats.Some mobs runs away 2 screens during their fight which is so annoying deal with when you move so slow.Characters' move speed is so slow that when you have to go back and forward between maze like dungones to clear level or to kill the boss, it gets boring quickly. Either the character should move faster out of combat or dungeons should be linear."
76561198216241839,Recommended,449960,33711504,Posted: 21 July,all,God H,"Good game, no, its a great game, but i just find it a little easy, even playing big missions (40 minutes) as a knight its so easy, i dont even use potions anymore, just equipments with health regen, hope they increase the difficult."
,Recommended,449960,33729383,Posted: 22 July,all,RodGer,diablo 1 with a twist
76561198048348178,Recommended,449960,24701384,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Uncle Grim,"Great game, a bit grindy at times, but definitly has room to expand upon.The devs have devolved the hack and slash and roguelike genres to the core, you hack, you slash, you grind, and you go deeper in the dungeon not a bad thing to say the least. Leveling up involves two stats ""Health"" or ""Mana"", mana is for playing cards, health staying alive yada yada yada. If you ask me, the game needs more Boss types, a few different minion types (each minion falls under a category that has it's own mechanic, some poison, others are immune etc, along with it's own unique minion ability).Fun game, I feel it'd be more fun on a mobile platform than a Desktop particularly because of it's stop and pickup whenever aspect, would be more fun playing this on my commute to work than at my desktop at home but that just might be me."
,Recommended,449960,24619841,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,adityasitumeang,really good to play. you have to pick your cards well in order to clear it all. also they bring a fresh feeling to hack and slash imho
,Recommended,449960,35213991,Posted: 25 September,all,Francis,"Loving the Diablo 1 feel. The combat/movement may take time to get use to, try the demo first."
76561198039926131,Recommended,449960,25275573,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Vkfan,"As simple as it can be, as addictive as it can getJust a couple of commands and hours of procedural replayabilityAnd for an alpha/early beta it's pretty damn bug-free, alreadyWorth those 20 bucks"
76561197970376037,Recommended,449960,31255352,Posted: 20 April,all,Eraser,"This is really a shining example of Early Access done right!The game is full to the brim with content already and the gameplay and atmosphere is fantastic!I can´t believe that this game really is THAT good!The developers are very active, I wrote an impression in the game and on the very same day one of the development team contacted me.Buy this! NOW!"
,Recommended,449960,25279638,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,[NE]Widget,"I adore this game.  I've only played a little bit of it so far, but the style and polish is amazing.  It really does distill some of the action RPG genre down to a neat format.   It's enjoyable, it feels strategic, and I'm eagerly awaiting what more they do with this.  I'll happily continue to throw money at this game when new material is releaed."
76561197971445735,Recommended,449960,26457763,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lirlya,Very nice game. Worth it even if it wasn't early access. A lot of work&updates from the devs.
,Recommended,449960,24712783,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,fidoo,"Awesome! Must have for ""Diablo 1""  fans. A lot of fresh ideas."
76561197997078322,Recommended,449960,25131027,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dat boi nAysik˛,"Great game, took me 7.4h to complete.I really like the spin and content created.Pros:+ great design+ great story+ time flexible thanks to ingame feature (forgot the name)+ endless modeCons:- you find the best ""build"" and you won't switch throughout the rest of the game- not much additional content, but that is acceptable, since the game is on early access and new characters might be on the way.this game is worth buying :)"
76561198038199945,Recommended,449960,26085896,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pi2-Pi2,"I don't usually write reviews but this game deserves one. It's a tribute to arpg genre that manages to become a great arpg on it own. I was reserved about the on rail movement but it works surprisingly well. The game lets you control how long the levels will be and it works well.  There are tons of mechanics in  game that make for frenzied fights: monsters with shields that you break through by clicking them, monsters that summon other monsters... There are also bosses that seem to be random, each with multiple stages. And I have not even completed half of the game yet!Edit: Voted for this game in ""Just 5 more minutes"". After recent end game update the game got even more addictive and new stuff is coming."
76561198112093509,Recommended,449960,25845915,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,VNVDaemon,An enjoyable hack-and-slash that rewards strategy and deck-building as you progress to higher difficulty levels.
,Recommended,449960,27083269,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Definitely Not a DotA player,"Great game, gets repetitive after a while but i hope this is going to get ""fixed"" with additional classes introduction"
,Recommended,449960,30596584,Posted: 18 March,all,Cap10I,"This is cardboard diablo 1. If you've played diablo 1 or are at least familiar with the diablo series hack and slash type of games or generally just enjoy a good endless amount of monster slaying from an isometric perspective then this game should definitely be on your wishlist.The game adds a couple of unique features such as the boardgame style graphics and playstyle and the cool 'collectable cards instead of skills' as well as the ability to set the length of your dungeon according to your available time.I think it's worth noting that this game doesn't offer you the 'freeroam' abilities afforded to you in other hack and slashes as the movement is restricted according to set paths in dungeons (kind of like driving a mining cart around interconnected rails). This can make dodging stuff a near impossibile task sometimes and also makes it easier to get boxed in by fires, icycles, rocks, monsters and anything else that decides to block your path.All in all I am really enjoying my time in Book of Demons and see no reason to not recommend this to anyone who likes a straight forward hack and slash with filled with quips and references to it's spiritual predecessor.8/10 would let Teleport kill me again by sending me to an unpexpected location"
76561198021529017,Recommended,449960,30701901,Posted: 24 March,all,seigneur_des_anneaux_de_scoubid,"This game is just perfec (even though they're still improving it). It feels like the old Diablo, but it's definitely not. Hard to explain ; just much to be loved here."
76561198036799066,Recommended,449960,31053656,Posted: 9 April,all,Known Enemy,I don't do a lot of reviews. This is my first one.  I'm enjoying this game bigly.  If you are thinking about getting this game and you have the extra cash to get it.  do it.   you will have a good time.
,Recommended,449960,31179293,Posted: 16 April,all,Jemba,Interesting view on Diablo series with beautiful design.
76561197989614124,Recommended,449960,31407842,Posted: 27 April,all,SpartacusBLB,"Paper craft Diablo, what is not to love?"
76561198011789808,Recommended,449960,31766974,Posted: 15 May,all,Dade,"It is a diablo-like game with table top feeling, I like it."
,Recommended,449960,31771126,Posted: 15 May,all,Targlesz,Simple and a Great Game!
76561198046541277,Recommended,449960,32327446,Posted: 10 June,all,ecstasyofbattle,great game to play not stressful to play haven't gotton dull yet.
76561198021761507,Recommended,449960,32328765,Posted: 10 June,all,MadKingMidas,"An incredibly fun and refreshing mix of card games, roguelikes, and dungeon crawlers. Hours and hours of fun to be had with this one."
76561198027140007,Recommended,449960,33963038,Posted: 1 August,all,Hairowin,Fun Casual game. Little different style of hack and slash. Well worth the money
76561197980935229,Recommended,449960,34705551,Posted: 3 September,all,mcurless1441,So far I have having loads of fun playing Book of Demons and would recommend it to anyone who likes ARPG's.
,Recommended,449960,35071434,Posted: 19 September,all,Lord Satyr,"Great game, triggers a lot of nostalgia and it has plenty of innovations. Makes me curious to play more and I wonder what the next volumes have installed for us, I mean, there's much potential for more nostalgia or a good system for something completely new. Worth following in the long term."
76561198016221278,Recommended,449960,31243507,Posted: 19 April,all,Hidane11,"I reccommend this game to peoples that like hack and slash games of course this game have pros and cons but i like this game and if there will be 6 more masterpieces it will be awesomei have lots of fun playing this game and i didnt found a single bug but i am only one guy, maybe there are bugs, they are part of every game but maybe not this one, maybe not right now.but you have to tell by yourself if this game is worth to YOU. for me i am glad i bought this game. check for youtube videos for more infofor me:+comic-like (?book?) graphics+controls easy to understand+effects+contentand cons well thats too bad cuz i like this game for me there are no - for other ppls, maybe that there is only 1 story right now but its early acces.and maybe that you cant walk where you want, then it would be tooooo EASY.if you read whole review you are awesome."
,Recommended,449960,32734209,Posted: 24 June,all,ponk,its ok
76561197992264433,Recommended,449960,32817144,Posted: 26 June,all,Solimar,Not much to say. This game is awesome! Now im gonna get back to it.
,Recommended,449960,32971880,Posted: 28 June,all,DirtyBird,"I like card games and loot based games. This put the two together in a magnificent way, I think everyone should try it out."
76561197970050782,Recommended,449960,33028731,Posted: 30 June,all,Serpan,"This is the crawler, clicker game I´ve been wating for. If you like that sort of thing try it, if not try something else =). It is summer sale after all.This Great game is saving me each and every rainy day."
76561198070877658,Recommended,449960,33907459,Posted: 30 July,all,that wAs lol,"the mechanics, the lore, the art work and the writting is really well done. great game."
,Recommended,449960,33913976,Posted: 30 July,all,ryleah,"Book of demons is a good game, It's like a less cluttered, more linear Diablo."
,Recommended,449960,34768686,Posted: 5 September,all,LuLz. Guy Montag,"At first I thought this was a simplified, kidsbop version of Diablo 1 but the added mechanics combined with the simplicity takes everything I love about action RPGs and concentrates it into this amazing package."
76561198100911898,Recommended,449960,34915238,Posted: 13 September,all,Lt.dan,good game i've enjoyed it
76561198067656174,Recommended,449960,33173423,Posted: 3 July,all,manu21nl,Really easy to get into and quickly addictive. Beautiful and smooth. Keep the good work!!
76561198050614028,Recommended,449960,33892706,Posted: 29 July,all,Karander,"I was not really excited by this when I first saw it. But since I was bored as hell and the game had pretty good user reviews, I decided to give the demo a try. Now it is almost 2am and i am playing the full version....I will not go into why this game is fun, plenty of others did it for me. What I would like to do, is to convince you to give the demo a chance. It is up to 2 hours long and presents in a very good way, what this game has to offer. Seriously, try the demo, it is the best advice that I can give you."
,Recommended,449960,32013354,Posted: 27 May,all,Lifekeeper,"First thing first. I hope you will forgive my poor english. As a French dude i'll do my best to talk to you in the best possible way.Dear dev. I would like to talk to you. I would like to say some few words you have to hear (or read :bandit: since I can't really... talk... ya know)I saw your game last year when you decided to ask us to help you. I am affraid that it was to soon for me. ""Yark another early access game.... But it looks interesting so let's keep it in my wish list.""Here we are. 1 year later... waiting for the tumb of sargeras with a proud warrior and steam saying ""Hey dude ! Remember that wished game ? Why don't you grab'emall ?"" so... why not !Played it without any real reason. Only because I was looking for a game. But how foolish was I !Brilliant. That's the only word I can think of. You guy's are really brilliant.It is hard to understand how everything works so much. Dungeon crawling... hack & slash & diablo style. You guy's are genius'Cute devil stuff. Smart game length system. Card system optimisation. Boss' with differents phase instead of bullet sponge style. A lot of useless unlockable stuff (so you have to farm it :squirtmeh: but it is important to have a goal in that kind of game... even if they are useless eh ? :fhappy:)I played nearly 10h in a row for my first run....then decided to sleep... But""NOT SO FAST"" said my cat""YOU HAVE TO FEED ME. TO PLAY WITH ME. TO OPEN THE DOOR TO ME. FOOLISH HUMAN.""7:30 in the morning... Head is itchy...♥♥♥♥♥is Itchy.... Well fock off let's purified that world from this evil invasion."
,Recommended,449960,28332988,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Archiver,"This game is a gem! Feels like a perfect mix of Hand of Fate + Diablo. The visuals / audio are fantastic, and give you that sense of immersion / being there just like D3 does for me. The on-rails look of the game put me off at first, but after playing the demo I bought the game immediately. It's really well done, and doesn't feel clunky / restrictive as I was afraid it would be. The card system is also done perfectly, as you can play around with new cards and swap new ones in and out on the fly. The devs are amazing, most communicative / open to feedback ever. They're obviously working very hard on this title, as there seems to be a new update about every 4-5 days. Also, I am usually not one for story in games... but this game has so many witty one liners and other humor sprinkled into the narrative that I am finding myself sitting through every NPC interaction 100%, ALL of which are fully voice acted (very well) by the way! I can't wait for this game to be finished and to see what the next Return 2 Games title will be!(Posted this review shortly after purchasing the game. I have a feeling I will be spending many hours playing this, and I plan on updating this review with more detailed information once I learn more about the game)"
76561197965208281,Recommended,449960,32265209,Posted: 8 June,all,antimuell2003,"I like it very much, especially the feature thats lets one influence the time spent in the next level.  It might get a mite repetetive over time, but its huge fun for now. The graphics style is funny. Have a go at it, peeps."
,Recommended,449960,35246879,Posted: 27 September,all,gabrielxart,Just waiting for rogue..
,Recommended,449960,33323178,Posted: 6 July,all,Doctor Clef,"Simple enough card system, it's already worth buying, has the potential to be the best dungeon crawler on the market"
76561198141624645,Recommended,449960,32518028,Posted: 17 June,all,MGS-GOD,IMO 1:  you must play this gameIMO 2: although it lacks blizzard polish it remains an excellent gameIMO 3: the unique bosses feel like diablo 1 unique bossesIMO 4: the loot system is rewarding yet toughIMO 5: the old classic hard level cap feels funIMO 6: the UI is gloriousIMO 7: the artwork is greatIMO 8: the classes rock as they are distinct and well theorisedIMO 9: the lack of map feature adds mystery and depth in more chance of an oh dear(yeah i wanted to say something else) momentIMO 10: the most fun i have had since mmmmmmmmh Diablo 1 which i still play most daysIMO 11: buy it and fudge that tiny $15 or so because its worth every cent
76561197974876029,Recommended,449960,35297652,Posted: 29 September,all,Infected Ronin,11/10
76561198065390824,Recommended,449960,31753238,Posted: 14 May,all,Takeya,Simple and fun game =D. Like it alot XD
,Recommended,449960,31857795,Posted: 20 May,all,Len -Saftsuseren- Len,"Great game, good replayability, lots to discover"
76561198050584051,Recommended,449960,28514664,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,danawaar,"Great game after 1 hour of playing!No crashes, nice music, great sound effects and quite unique graphics.A ""bit"" similar town to Diablo I, but that also makes the nice retro feelingRecommended to get even now on early access!"
76561198059333121,Recommended,449960,32215085,Posted: 6 June,all,TerrorTubby,"Book of Demons has been surprisingly fun, a good little dungeon crawl game that needs a bit of thought when it comes to deciding what to slot in your activity/gear action bar and a few tactics. So far it has been highly adictive."
76561198071469162,Recommended,449960,33293012,Posted: 5 July,all,morqee,"Like Diablo I, but with a different play method, fun so far :D"
,Recommended,449960,33168788,Posted: 2 July,all,Hate Pilot,"This is a great game. Period.It may look a boring, but it's relaxing, it's pretty unique, it's fun and triggers the ""one more and I'm out"" thing when too tired to continue playing. Played the demo for a couple of minutes to convince myself if appearences lie and bought it without hesitation.Simply love it."
,Recommended,449960,26727397,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BradsGaming,I originally tried the demo of this game and instantly knew that it was amazing. I bought the game and couldn't believe how much fun I had with this indie title. It is basically a love letter to the original diablo and being a huge fan I couldn't have been more pleased with what they have done. If you were disappointed with the Diablo 1 remake in diablo 3 do your self a favor and play this game you will not be disappointed. Can't wait to see how the other 2 classes play in this game!
76561198002560836,Recommended,449960,24579141,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Esty was here,Just started playing but very well polished so far and im having a good time. Eager to see what waits past the first few levels of the dungeon !
,Recommended,449960,24582160,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Deathblade711,"First 35 minutes of gameplay:https://youtu.be/1Mc85TQ_ANoRight off the bat, I would highly recommend this game. As a new person to this type of hash and slash adventure game (featuring deck building), I can say I really enjoyed it. As it stands it is almost fully complete already and the campaign is fully playable. I made a pros and cons list below:Pro:- Campaign is complete and features the first class of three- Dungeons (campaign) are really fun to play though and have adjustable lengths you can set- Controls are pretty fun, although auto-walk was weird to get use to- Loot is rewarding and fun to obtain- It is a nice difficulty with it being hard enough but not impossible- Animations and cut scenes were amazing to watch and see- Story was very involving and progress felt earned and visible- Bug free- VOICE ACTING IS AMAZING- Bosses are creative and fun to beat- Only $15 on sale which is a steal!Cons:- Tutorial throws alot of information at you, but it is not terrible- Lots of dialogue (if you don't like that)Overall: 9/10 - Very high potential"
76561197993917119,Recommended,449960,24583380,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,leenox,"HAck and Slash distilled to its basics and served in bite-sized chunks. Beautifully crafted, well thought-out, all in all a lot of fun."
,Recommended,449960,24808170,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Darkfafi,A really amazing game and well worth the price. Also it feels like a full game for the people who are afraid the early access brings them some prototype.
,Recommended,449960,33918206,Posted: 30 July,all,PlasmaChemist,"It's like Diablo, but fun!"
,Recommended,449960,24694637,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gir,"My husband gave me a heads-up when he saw this game released as early access, and I haven't been disappointed!I totally dig the gameplay (it will scratch your dungeoncrawler itch).  The paper motif takes a little getting used to, and you're limited to moving where the paths in the game go (and mobs don't have this limitation), so fights take some planning, and the card system is deeper than it originally looked (it's a card system instead of the usual RPG skill tree), but I count all of those as positives.  It's worth playing with the combination of armor cards and active spell cards.  You can trade them pretty much on the fly, so if you get stuck on a level it's worth mixing and matching.   I love that there's a slider that lets you choose the dungeon size; sometimes I just don't have a ton of time to play, but I can still get my fix in with a smaller dungeon.It's early release, but a lot smoother than I've seen with other early release games.  There are some tweaks they could work on:1/ difficulty in freeplay doesn't seem to scale up that much (currently in .2/ I love completing a dungeon level, but sometimes loot and/or mobs are hidden or bugged, even when I've walked through repeatedly (seemed to happen more in story mode than freeplay mode).3/ Some of the copious Steam achievements don't seem to sync (eg. warrior level 3 cards).I can't wait for the rogue and mage to be unlocked, and for more books to be released!  (Book of Demons is the first of seven games planned).  I definitely recommend picking this up!"
,Recommended,449960,24770370,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Choppywee,I love this game. Addicting and makes you feel right at home once you start playing. I am excited to see and play what they add in the future!EDIT:Few things wished for:COOPsome kind of gear besides cardswill update as I play more.
76561198078784062,Recommended,449960,25786885,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tozo,"This game is amazing, probably the best beta game there is and ever will be. They could publish it now and it would be worth every penny. Cant wait for the other classes to unlock, the warrior is a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,449960,26305041,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sarismar,"First and formost.. its early acess so there is a grain of salt in this review.Its a amusing retelling(?) of diablo and in many ways very engaging and yet it is one of those games thats good for the return policy on Steam.its only after 2 hours or so you find that its depth is very shallow. This is very possibly due to the fact its in early acess and I am encouraged by survey system they have in place that they are interested in fixing problems found in early acess.what causing me to call it so shallow is its combat. to few items, no synergy with other tiems and a difficulty that so low that  completing the game I did not die once. there are difficutly setting you unlock completing the game but at that point you will likelyl have unlocked all the items/spells/etc and long since past the point of losing interest. combat is not strategic its basicly cookie clicker.One thing that got ppl to keep playing diablo was that next rng drop, there is none of that really in this game.I completed the game in large part becase like cookie clicker its one of those games you can just mindlessly play while watching tv etc.I look forward to seeing if they fix some of the issues I had with it."
,Recommended,449960,24665872,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BubblegumYeti,"Very impressive, especially since it is still early access. Basically a Diablo 1 with touch screen friendly gameplay. The card system is pretty flexible and interesting."
,Recommended,449960,24668885,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Macellomatik,"Very, very nice game...It looked really good on the Steam page but now that I've played it, I can say that the game is actually even better!Can't wait to play more!"
76561198085989712,Recommended,449960,24669072,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BGerard888,"Pretty good time so far. 17hours in.I finished this game.Looking forward to the other two classes. I am a mage at heart so this warrior crap is dumb.It's still dumb, three months later..."
76561198044999398,Recommended,449960,35201044,Posted: 25 September,all,Thabins,Very simple game to get into with much to discover.
76561198012388063,Recommended,449960,25365817,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,emontyj,Need to get my Diablo1 fix every now and then. Can't wait for more content.
,Recommended,449960,25431729,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,unclepeyj,"Wow, I'm just speechless! How is this not in the best-selling top-chart? This game has everything: addicting and deep gameplay, lots of levels, monsters, abilities, amazing graphics and brilliantly voice-acted dialog with characters (it even has Deckard Cain!).It has a slider to choose the length of the quest you want to play, which is really helpful for people like me who don't have much time with it. Although I'm having so much fun that I usually put it on the longest possible settings. It even shows the time on the top-left; No thank you, I think I'm gonna play till morning!One thing that I think may turn some people off is that you're limited to walk on a path, but I think it helps you to focus on battle and not positioning your character.It says that it's on Early Access, and by that they mean that you only have access to one character and storyline I guess. Everything else is perfect! By what I see the final game is gonna have as much content as Dialbo, which is INSANE!JUST BUY IT!Update: The game was shorter than I thought, but still very good for the price."
76561198016122089,Recommended,449960,24581177,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Romulus,"WOW! What a great game, I can't wait where the series takes it. Good job Thing Trunk!Update: 7/31/16Just got doing finishing the game took about 10 hours. What a great game, If you like Diablo you'll love this. There's really not much I would change."
,Recommended,449960,26322661,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mara Jadewind,"Seriously; Try the DEMO !!The demo trial really run loooonnng enough to let us know what are we purchasing here.I bought this piece of gem after the demo. Book of Demons has a very interesting gameplay and artstyle, It utilize pop up paper as it game mechanism, mighty amazing here compare to other.Not to mention it look GREAT !! At the same time it doesn't burden our GPU. I has a very smooth gameplay all the time in game,It is very much optimized. As the BGM, I am no expert but I'd sayeth it doesn't get old or annoyed us out when we were exploring the dungeon for a long period of time.One of the best feature in-game; Is we have the option to choose the size of our dungeon.It ranged from 10 minutes up to an hours. Neat huh?! We have all the freedom to time our game per seating as we wish. That's not all, no matter we played for a short while or for long period of time. Every exploration and quest in a dungeon by the end of the game Book of Demons make us feel engaged and rewarded us for playing it.Book of Demons come with another side of it, the gameplay is so much simple and nothing much profound if compare to others hack and slash in the same genre but....again, is up to each individual preferences. Overall Book of Demons is a light and simple game but is engaging and rewarding enough for the time we spent in game. This game really deserve your attention.Try the DEMO Today. Who know it might suit you too.Attention !!You might wanna check this Masterpiece of Zed Killer game. Full of Action Packed and Gore !!http://store.steampowered.com/app/232090/"
76561198110052631,Recommended,449960,25490596,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,butterflywitch,"I really enjoy the art and play style, and it's not a hard game to learn. After the tutorial you can choose how long you want to play for, which is a cool feature (and there is a real time clock too which helps in a full screen game). I hope they can make more, as the intro suggests that there will be more ""books"". I will be recommending this game to my friends."
,Recommended,449960,26008294,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Libertygeek,"Think Trunk has put together a nice little RPG.  The game is very straight forward and you can customize your playtime anyway you see fit.  Great little game to hope in and play for a bit though I warn you I kept finding myself doing the ""just one more level"" thing."
,Recommended,449960,26279607,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kordesh,"I had put this off for a bit when I initially saw it pop up in EA and decided to pick it up after finally getting a little hands on with the demo to actually get a feel for what it is. Everything about this game just feels ""comfy"". The papercraft assets all pop into place with nice little sounds, the clicks and pops of the UI all have a nice feel as you go through them, and theres a lot of little touches to the UI and play experience that show some definite thought was put into the player experience beyond the gameplay. As far as the gameplay itself, its a more straightforward ARPG thats more about staying alive, reacting appropriately to enemy types and managing your cards as you progress, rathe than furiously clicking and seeing huge numbers pop up everywhere. Character advancement is more about gathering the cards, upgrading them, and making subtle adjustments over grinding gear (there is no ""gear"" to speak out outside of the cards which have rarity). Its a bit more laid back but definitely pleasant. The setting and story have kept pretty true to having that ""storybook"" feel it's going for, with the game maintaining its own sense of identity and charm while not feeling overly cheesy with references.I've still got quite a bit to go with it as of this review, but it's a damn charming game and I wanted to say something about it. I actually had no idea about the Return 2 Games project part of all this until I had booted up the game for the first time and it's a very neat concept. I'd love to see what they do with the other books planned in the future. The planned ""popup sandbox) looks like it will also be an amusing addition. As someone who's a sucker for unlocking, collecting, and arranging trophies, having a little popup book area you can pose and screenshot your own little papercraft unlocks is a cool plan I hope ends up panning out.tl;dr: Solid little ARPG that looks and feels like a storybook, definitely worth giving the demo a shot if you remotely seem into it."
76561198046794453,Recommended,449960,24582531,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,RastaMonstA,"im in love. what an amazing and original tribute to diablo and arpgs. hopefully more companies follow suit. love the idea of the cards and arpg mix. expecting big things for the other games from this company. sad this will be the only hack and slash book because i would drain my bank account eating up games like this from them. extremely well polished even in early access. buy it, you will not regret it. i only hope they continue to expand on these ideas and this game is not a one off from them."
76561197960620479,Recommended,449960,24639142,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,VT4EVA,"Love this game - fun, easy to play - yet has tons of depth.  It takes a well-worn ARPG genre down a new and unique path.  The best part?  The game is just getting started.  I can't wait to play the other classes, and hopefully some future expansions!After all, this is only the first book, right?  We have to fill all those other pedestals."
,Recommended,449960,24586354,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gicu,"If you playing games like Diablo / Path Of Exile / Grim Dawn - this game is for you.Ultimate gameplay, great UNIQUE PAPER design, cool fight mechanics.Its like [hybrid] Diablo with Heartstone (card system) !.I really like it - relaxing for me."
76561197983301475,Recommended,449960,24586449,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Great paper art style combined with addictive gameplay, with some top humour.Characters are good and story too, together with voiceovers for the townsfolk.Im not usually a fan of cards (or full card games) within games, but this gets the formula just right with its well laid out UI and design.Flexiscope is a very ingenious creation.Procedurally generated, randomly-populated dungeons make for endless replayability.Some good features in the devs roadmap that are going to be added in the months ahead."
76561197973236751,Recommended,449960,24621489,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Eolair,Really good arpg wich uses a card mechanic instead of traditional skills. Captures the mood of Diablo 1 and 2 very well. If you are a fan of classic arpg I strongly recommend buying Book of Demons.
76561198045480265,Recommended,449960,24714281,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bufftucker,"Beta ReviewThis game is suprisingly well done, lots of little unlocks and upgrades that keep the game interesting and fun.Very simple click style game play.  Well worth the current $20 price tag even while its beta.The videos that showcase the game on steam do not do a good job at showing alot of the game, maybe check out a youtube video if you are still undecided."
,Recommended,449960,24715691,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,[HTT] im wooser,"Most well made early access game I've ever played.Reminds me a lot of Hitman Go in how simplicity breeds complexity. An APRG that actually does things different, making simple combat much more complex without spreadsheeting %s but actually having lots of ways to interact during combat.If you want something more like Diablo 1 instead of Diablo 2, this is the closest I've seen in a long time. The card (skill/gear) system is great, the mana system is great, enemies are fun to fight, loot matters overall I'd say this is a damn well made Diablo ""parody"". I suppose you could call it a big mix of D1, D3 and legend of zelda.Credentials: 10000000000 hours in D2, titan quest, PoE, torchlight 1&2, D3, grim dawn, all those other ARPGs that never actually got much attention.Really surprised by these devs to be honest. Guess making casual puzzle games can actually teach you to make good new twists on other genres. Interested in what they do next, ""book of aliens"". X-com?EDIT: having beaten the game and unlocked higher difficulties and freeplay, this is pretty sick. Needs more goals to reach for as I've already gotten all the cards I wanted maxed out, but I imagine these are a low priority for early access. Hope they look to add to that."
,Recommended,449960,24735432,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Not Ridley,"The ability to choose how long your dungeon delve will be, coupled with the interesting progression system is enough to make sure that you keep coming back, even if ARPG's arent normally your thing."
76561197988024338,Recommended,449960,24738188,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,WhiteFire14,Diablo 3 keeps disconnecting because of stupid 'always online' BS.What to do? Play paper Diablo instead!
,Recommended,449960,24586478,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ClassicVinyl,"Book of Demons is a well thought out concept that is equally executed.It's kinda like paper mario  in the design only, it works kinda like a fold out card.An action arpg the follows a linear course, but that doesn't feel strange or limiting.It works off a card based spells,buffs,etc system.This is early access done right and I usually never buy early access, glad i did with this title."
76561198010702467,Recommended,449960,24588017,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Huntyre,"If you don’t have time (or desire to read a review) I’m giving R2G:BoD a BUY rating.Thing Trunk did a great job on the execution of this game. It's simple and polished. The mechanics are a little different than what you may be used to when compared to Diablo or Torchlight, but it's exceptional in its own right.I'm already looking forward for the full release and the next chapters."
76561198002588679,Recommended,449960,27080624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marleigh,Terrific homage to the original Diablo with lovely artwork and an incredibly responsive dev team. One of the most updated titles i've ever seen in early access
,Recommended,449960,27678923,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cruinn,"Beautiful art style, play based on your free time using the intuitive flexiscope system and relive memories of Diablo 1/2 in a cut and less stressful way. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,449960,27885930,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Azophael,"It's a great game based on Diablo, just with cards instead of skills.An interesting twist on a classic and I hope the other classes come soon.The idea of basing the whole thing in a book, coining their term of Paperverse in which all their games will be placed, is a really novel and totally ties in with the card game that revolves around the skills."
76561198138490152,Recommended,449960,29755758,Posted: 6 February,all,kaplowee,One of my favorite games so far!
,Recommended,449960,35482557,Posted: 4 October,all,LostBoys,10/10 Paper Demons
76561198004348131,Recommended,449960,28230088,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Joebob32,"This is a great popcorn game. have a look. play the demo.So after putting in 9 hours, I hit the bug, I got to the dungeon and blamo no cards....End of the World as we know it? Nope, Developer was immediatly on the boards offering solutions, individual tech support with the promise of a hot fix in 2 days time.Great GameGreat CommunicationJ"
,Recommended,449960,29748088,Posted: 6 February,all,Ford,Beat this on the fighter and now playing through on the mage.  Its a really fun game with lots of different upgrades for everyones different play styles.
76561198042952393,Recommended,449960,30431295,Posted: 10 March,all,silo25,"if you like diablo type rogue games, this game is for you!!"
76561198014921989,Recommended,449960,30529824,Posted: 15 March,all,Drek,Nice game!
76561198018919662,Recommended,449960,31486080,Posted: 1 May,all,zaccyp,Great game
76561198286210878,Recommended,449960,31551454,Posted: 4 May,all,O4Fun,SO far so good! very innovative gameplay!
,Recommended,449960,31830075,Posted: 18 May,all,Hood Pope,Great game cant wait for future updates !
76561198061919007,Recommended,449960,32339664,Posted: 11 June,all,Aruma,Much better than Diablo 3
76561198086541046,Recommended,449960,32865708,Posted: 27 June,all,AxuO,So far so good
76561198091833830,Recommended,449960,33040479,Posted: 30 June,all,Jacob,One of the best dungeon crawler games out there. Currently Im enjoying it. Lets pop.
,Recommended,449960,33637996,Posted: 18 July,all,TMowka,"Relatively monotonous combat mechanics but the graphic component will not let you go. If you are interested in trailers, then do not thoughtful to buy it.UPD (after 10 hours in the game): Very colorful and atmospheric game. It seems that run and click, but even this process developers have made a diverse and interesting. 10/10"
76561198000840095,Recommended,449960,33507918,Posted: 13 July,all,Ender,"Fun game, check out the demo if you want to see if it's your kinda game."
76561198169700297,Recommended,449960,34039101,Posted: 5 August,all,DatFancy,A legendary game. Download the demo and see for yourself.
76561198027440145,Recommended,449960,30839781,Posted: 30 March,all,Thokongen,Great little diablo-like game with a nice card-based combat system.
,Recommended,449960,31880601,Posted: 21 May,all,Will,(Y)
76561197988920946,Recommended,449960,32685707,Posted: 23 June,all,basbOOM,very nice game.
76561198121080767,Recommended,449960,32813501,Posted: 26 June,all,jovichili,I just started but it goes well if u like some hack and slash and indie games.
76561198018680365,Recommended,449960,34470681,Posted: 24 August,all,DrXoxo,"As someone who likes hack n slash rpgs but finds sorting through infintessimally different loot a huge bore, I appreciate the super streamlined gameplay that's more about finding a playstyle that suits you rather than fitting into a role and mashing through numbers."
76561198070599883,Recommended,449960,35247933,Posted: 27 September,all,itzAron,if you loved diablo 1 you will most likely like this Game too. Give it a try.
,Recommended,449960,33571774,Posted: 15 July,all,h3rby [138],Paper dungen diablo card game??!
76561198063827535,Recommended,449960,35269405,Posted: 28 September,all,Chandler,one of the best ARPG ive ever played
,Recommended,449960,30530286,Posted: 15 March,all,essi2,Diablo 1 with cards and roguelite mechanics.
,Recommended,449960,27810681,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,VonElhiss,"10/10EA but support and update is going strong.Really fun game and love that you can choose how much time you want to spend on each level.treat yo self, buy it."
,Recommended,449960,30597088,Posted: 18 March,all,BloodMage,"Book of Demons is an RPG with a unique art style, allows for personallizing the game session, game play that allows it to be an ARPG with stratgic and tactical elements, and a equipment collection system that appeals to my gotta-catch-them-all instincs.The game play is mostly a click based ARPG, but certain elements slow down time (such as accessing inventory).  This allows the player the time to make an intelligent decsision that they as a player cannot make as fast as the warrior of fable they are playing.Everytime you delve into the dungeon the game asks how long you'd wish to play.  Want to play for 10 minutes? Sure. How about 60 minutes? That's great, go for it.  It does take a few delves to unlock the longer play sessions, but that's ok.  You need these delves to learn your character and the game.The art style is that of a pop-up book.  This allows the game to be whimsical and sincere at the same time.The equipment is represented by cards.  This is not a card game.  It just is part of the unique art style.  It does allow the player to fullfil the need to collect things.I really enjoy this game.  I'm looking forward to when the game is complete and for the followup games that appear to be part of the series."
76561197972507226,Recommended,449960,32664687,Posted: 22 June,all,-Ghost-,"Surprisingly fun little game. It can be a bit click heavy, and the movement system takes some getting used to, but there's a lot of content to go through, along with things to unlock. I've been enjoying my time with it so far."
,Recommended,449960,33005047,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr. Vaachina,A nice mix between Diablo and Clicker Heroes.
,Recommended,449960,33103923,Posted: 1 July,all,Shelter.,"Not great at reviews, but I will say the game is a lot of fun to play. Can be relaxing and fun at times and still challenging at other times. I do hope to see more cards in the future, otherwise, I would definitely recommend this to all of my friends."
76561197986160636,Recommended,449960,34269845,Posted: 15 August,all,Random_Killer312,"It's MEH. I played it, its random. but it feels like a kiddy dumbed down train railed version of Diablo. Probably better off playing path of exile for free but it's unique enough that it may appeal to someone and I'll give it a positive reccommendation."
,Recommended,449960,35468492,Posted: 4 October,all,Garce,Abandon your foolish quest.All that awaits you is the wrath of my Master.You are too late to save the child.Now you will join him in Hell.10/10. Will Paperverse Tristram again.
,Recommended,449960,35475319,Posted: 4 October,all,Arkan01d,Book of Demons is a wonderful game! Turning an ARPG into a card game while paying homage to Diablo. How does that work? Play the demo and find out. You won't be disappointed!
,Recommended,449960,30735382,Posted: 25 March,all,Arche,"Little fun game, that could be better with a few tweaks to the enemies."
76561198148461042,Recommended,449960,33019467,Posted: 29 June,all,optimystic99,"Great fun.  Very well thought-out, lots of variety.  Better than Diablo 2 IMHO!"
,Not Recommended,449960,29491019,Posted: 25 January,all,MyMy,"First of all, it looks really fresh and interesting, the art style is awesome. And developers clearly wanted to innovate, but it might have gone wrong way a bit. For instance, it makes you move in diagonals, but it's not adding anything to gameplay except the inability to use WASD, so you have to click around... a lot - because there's no pathfinding. At first glance the game may seem like a Diablo on rails with cards as abilities, but in reality it feels like a real-time Dungelot with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of fast clicking and dragging your mouse to collect the loot. Sell me the magnet card that takes all the stuff automatically, please!Metagame seems shallow, while core gameplay lacks sophistication and content. There's a slight chance the developer makes something of it, but I'd wait for it. From a game like this I would expect satisfying crits and interesting combos.And probably more intriguing stuff in the village. For now I have little incentive to stay in the game, almost everything seems to be open and what's left is not presented in a way that makes me want to keep grinding. Maybe it's all bad luck, but cards themselves were all boring and stats-based, not offering interesting combat abilities."
76561198306730953,Recommended,449960,24578969,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DarkFX,What a wonderful new idea to action RPG genre. Game seems so polished as for early access game. You can play whole campaing which looks very promising after 1 hour of playtime. Easy to learn but hard to master. I really recommend you to buy this future masterpiece. 9/10
,Recommended,449960,24605636,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Flankus,"I stayed up and played too late, then got up and thought about going right back. Just like the old Diablo days. I am so supprised, and happy, that is game is of the quality that it is. I have encountered  zero bugs, the art and gameplay are just tight and fun. The voice acting is even top-notch, (there is STILL a Sean Connery-voiced guy here. It's like Elvis). The movement takes a bit of getting used to, and how the two types of mana work is a bit wierd, but the bottom line is THIS is the Diablo experience we've all missed. Great job!"
76561198054978155,Recommended,449960,33580920,Posted: 16 July,all,jojocat,擠霸婚
76561198006567656,Recommended,449960,25453656,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Star Paladin,"A great little game, at a very good price.  Everyone I show this to get's hooked (and it's not even fully made yet, so it will get better)."
76561198012419460,Recommended,449960,24636608,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Campari,It's a great game. I'm lovin it so far. Can't wait to know the future projects for the other 6 games.
,Recommended,449960,25529430,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Inquisitor,- Do you miss 90s?- Do you miss playing Diablo? (the very first one...)- Would you like to stay awhile and listen to an old man?Then this is your game!
,Recommended,449960,26648689,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"Simplistic and yet VERY addicting. There is A LOT they could do with this game. The mechanics and difficulty system are VERY well designed and the graphics are visually appealing. These Dev's are onto something special with this ""Book"" series, and I can't wait to see what else they have in store:)"
76561197996375739,Recommended,449960,25199318,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GlopPaglop,"The game is still incomplete and has flaws of course at that stage, plus the price is a little high, but it deserves a try if you like H&S and you want to support a fresh indie approach to the genre. The graphics are gorgeous."
76561198051784919,Recommended,449960,25294066,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Rab Himself,"10/10 Would slay skeletons again. A real nice game, details and artwork are great :] I'll be looking for more!"
,Recommended,449960,24618645,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Luisfius,"A loving diablo 1 parody/homage with popup book stylings.Still fairly rough, but pretty fun.As of now it makes me think of a real time version of a mix between Diablo and Hitman Go, except that less of a puzzle.Very neat."
,Recommended,449960,24625731,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TK-421,"Could be better without the annoying platform connected to it (fb intergration, ""levels"", lots of survey requests, feedback buttons), but is a solid game regardless. Would play much more of it on mobile."
76561198027724317,Recommended,449960,24626058,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,dax616,Good Game - Worth Supporting and Purchasing! Very addictive. Cant wait to see more and more classes.
,Recommended,449960,32375282,Posted: 12 June,all,6512205,It is a grate game.
76561198068288023,Recommended,449960,33006674,Posted: 29 June,all,beater85,gj.
,Recommended,449960,33588606,Posted: 16 July,all,rokapublish2,Nice oldschool Diabloish game. Absolut recommanded.
,Recommended,449960,33638909,Posted: 18 July,all,Mald,Yes
,Recommended,449960,34158806,Posted: 10 August,all,Lie Sack,Good.
,Recommended,449960,34472045,Posted: 24 August,all,ZeVitu,It's pretty good.
76561197970532781,Recommended,449960,24622703,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheRadian,"Amazing game for early access. Nothing quite like it, and it sure is fun. A must buy for any fan of arpg's. Deep, clever, polished and a amazing amount of content for such a small file. Can't wait for more!"
76561198041826464,Recommended,449960,35234151,Posted: 26 September,all,Obinaab_Kenoobi,Book of Demons is a fun adventure dungeon slash and hack game with different ways to build your hero and use skills or spells in the matter you want ! Very enjoyable !
,Recommended,449960,24590826,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,stormiesttub,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!Picture this Paper Mario + Diablo = Book of Demonsfor an early access game, there is a lot of content with countless hours of play only reason i stopped playing after 2.5 hours was because my index finger was sore from all the clicking!With that being said its a fun game with lots of replay value as far as the dungeons and cards go, for now there is only one class to play as , there are also a ton of achivements 2.5 hours and 33 acheivements  over 175 total if you care.With it being early access there are some flaws that will frustrate you like:Demons will spwan other demons blocking your path completly  mix this with the demons with sheilds are you are guarnteed to die! some might call it difficult but if you have played for more than 5 minutes you know what im talking about.haveing to go back to town before your get the scroll card is very annoying espically since you loose dungeon progress everytime you leave, however it does save how far you go down.There are also some missing sound effects thats no big deal but it will throw you off.anyway i highly recommend this if you are looking for a new take on the dungeon crawler!"
76561198042100434,Recommended,449960,24621884,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SoDank,This game is great. Simple as that. Addicting and very finished feeling for an Early Access game. Keep the loot coming on!!!
76561198019902848,Recommended,449960,24621309,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cow King,"Very unique indie game. Would recommend if you like Darkest Dungeon for the solo play and dungeons, Diablo if you like the story and Hack and Slash and Card game for mixing it and have some fun."
,Recommended,449960,24592095,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Bailee,A wonderful game! Has so many innovative features like the paper pop-up art style and the ARPG combined with deck building and the Flexiscope system that lets you choose the length of each dungeon and tailor-makes it to your style and speed of play. This is the first in a series and what a great start! I look forward so much to each game and to what comes in the future. ;)
,Recommended,449960,24851144,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,モードレッド,nice game :)
,Recommended,449960,24595266,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Alberto,"Edit: After over 20h spent in-game since its launch, I'm still enjoying it a lot. Trying to get my cards to max level and running for achievements. Money well-spent.If you think whether you should buy this game or not, stop it right now. Because if you're into Hack'n'Slash, dungeon crawlers, and action RPGs, Book of Demons IS the perfect game for you.I got excited when I first saw the screenshots drifting somewhere on the Internet, but at the same time I knew it might be ""just another clone."" However, after I met the developers at a Polish event and played the Pre-Beta Demo, I knew I had to have this game on Day 1.I love the paper craft art design, music and voice acting. I also enjoy the fact that instead of regular items you have these CARDS that you can switch and upgrade whenever you want. Because of this, the possibilities to play your character are endless. Well, maybe not ""infinite,"" but you can try multiple builds with the same character. For instance: AoE build, Single-attack Glass Cannon or Bomb thrower - just to name a few.Learning curve is great too. Our class is well-balanced even if you sometimes have problems defeating certain levels. After those 8 hours I know, that if I can't defeat an enemy I just have to switch build and use all the cards I have to progress in the storyline.Overall, a must-have for any fan of the genre. But if you've never played aRPGs and Dungeon Crawlers, Book of Demons might help you change your mind. Good luck!"
76561198008962868,Recommended,449960,24598033,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ehan_dogan,"cool game for a ``early access game`` game at good condition there are no technical problems working fine , game is interesting and funny but when ur finish 1 time there is nothing much to do right now , but i belive this game will be greate when its finished and add some more interesting futures"
76561198024301834,Recommended,449960,24590329,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TheronGodspeed,"Wonderful game! It's an innovative take on an old genre. I love it, and it's still Early Access!"
76561198018650602,Recommended,449960,24624756,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,acehawk,"Really excellent little game, I look forward to the other two classes being released. Somehow manages to evoke Diablo almost perfectly while doing own completely different thing."
76561198012246838,Recommended,449960,25082323,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Legion,Really enjoyed this game and can't wait to see what it is like when it gets a full release.
76561198031165251,Recommended,449960,24604094,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Andrew,This is great!
76561198003824299,Not Recommended,449960,32699854,Posted: 23 June,all,GreySkye,"TL:DR - this game is a Diablo clone. Not of the game mechanics & look, weirdly, but the setting and general story. Pointless. Anything original about the game is killed by the Diablo setting and story which is so heavily used it's overwhelming.Long Version:I really love the look of this game, the mechanics are novel, work very well and are pretty exciting. The voice acting is great, and overall I would give this 100% for presentation and gameplay. I want to love this SO MUCH.So why am I not recommending this game? The story setting is basically just Diablo. I mean, almost exactly. The only thing they haven't done is use the same names. The village is recognisable, there's a kindly old sage advising you, and a friendly barmaid, a healer, a witch (sorry... fortune teller), and the Cathedral. The few townsfolk left suspect their Bishop has been kidnapped and is under the cathedral, then in the level preview you see you'll be fighting ""The Cook"", a demon who looks exactly like The Butcher, and there's the corrupted evil Bishop! And under it all, is a devilish boss who looks pretty diabolic. Even with his rubber ducky. The dungeon look and contents feel painfully familiar and unfortunatly take away from the few original and novel monsters. Even the music is just a re-arrangement of Diablo's. It's really killing the joy of the new mechanics for me.Look, I love a homage as much as the next person. But I've played Diablo for the last 20 years. A few clever references, a loving homage here and there to some beloved character like Cain for example... that would have charmed and delighted me. But basically just copying everything? It feels lazy and tired. I'm not able to really enjoy all the original things done with the mechanics or the novel bosses (like the big Gargoyle and his minions). I feel like a HUGE ball got dropped here and I don't understand why this game is getting such ravingly positive reviews honestly. The unoriginality of the story and setting take away a huge chunk from what otherwise would have been an exciting new game which brings new mechanics to a very ""done"" genre (done as in, there's a LOT of hack & slash games out there, not as in no one wants to play them).There are enough Diablo clones out there, and even then most of them only clone the gameplay, I don't get why Thing Trunk thought it would be a good idea to just use the Diablo story instead of come up with something original. I also wouldn't be surprised to see them getting contacted by Blizzard with a C&D, you can't just change the names and pretend it's an original story when it's so painfully recognizable. It's not like they have done a really clever parody of it, it's just the same with different names.I only hope that each additional ""book"" they add isn't a slavish recreation of something else like this one is.So disappointed :("
76561198021697071,Not Recommended,449960,29037380,Posted: 5 January,all,Xtinktshun,"As much as I would like to play the game to the end and give a decent review I cannot.  After not once but twice losing all characters played and all items I am giving up on the game. It  may be an EA game but it has been out for a long time and stuff like this should be fixed. According to forums they are aware of the issue and only affect a few people, but no solution has been found.Be warned that even if your game doesn't crash, you close the game through their menu AND let steam update the files the save game files may get corrupted and all characters and progress are lost.Even without losing the characters after playing through 2 characters again I noticed I got the exact same cards in the same order, and stuff like picking health or mana when you level up means zero as you get the other one when you go to town and get your caldron.  Not enough diversity.   But game seemed somewhat fun for the few hours I was able to progress and was going to give it a go.I think the 20 dollars is too high for what seems like very little content."
76561198031003577,Not Recommended,449960,35252832,Posted: 27 September,all,toftbreiden,Still early acess when i played it but i found gameplay bland and uninspired.  The artwork is unique but thats the only nice thing i would say about it.
76561198070992817,Recommended,449960,24782223,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sale,good game
,Recommended,449960,24714739,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"Koka spaghettin. Skär fläsket i små tärningar. Stek fläsket knaprigt i smör i en stekpanna. Vispa ihop grädde, salt, vitlök och hälften av osten. Rör ner fläsk och ostblandningen i den kokta spaghettin och rör kraftigt till en krämig konsistens. Strö över resten av osten och peppar. Servera pastan med äggula.8/10"
,Not Recommended,449960,31313448,Posted: 22 April,all,Multihack,"Big homage to Diablo. However the strategy is not there, which is disappointing because I really wanted to like this game.If the game wants to be Diablo with a gamepad, which I think is their main goal, then there are some issues:* lack of strategy - it's too simple of a game as of now. Currently it's hit & run* lack of customisation - yes it's EA so we can wait and see. The question is what game are you buying NOW?* controls need improvement - for one thing picking up items with a joystick is quite tedious.The Pros of the game are many, but to me personally are low priority:VisualsAtmosphereArt style"
,Not Recommended,449960,24999620,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,cPT.cAPSLOCK,"I don't write reviews often, but because of the incredibly mixed feelings this game left me with I decided to write one anyway.The technical:First of all, this game doesn't support resolutions over 1920x1200. If you have a 1440p or higher resolution monitor, be aware of this. I also do not know if it supports aspect ratios other than 16:10 and 16:9. If you have an ultrawide monitor, I cannot guarantee they offer a suitable resolution.At the bottom of this review is a link to the game's discussions where the developers say higher resolutions aren't coming in the future either.The good:The game itself feels pretty innovative and I really liked the card system for your skills, equipment and consumables. The dungeon size slider is also a nice touch. The art style is very nice as well. It has a little ""Don't Starve"" influence, with everything being made out of paper, but in its very own way.The bad:Aside from the resolution problems mentioned under ""The technical"", the game suffers from immense swings in difficulty because of the procedural generation. Long corridors with archers can be a pain, as well as rooms being packed to the bring with monsters. This can be extra frustrating because monsters block your movement. Because you are ""on rails"" (can't walk off the paths) you do not have the freedom of movement to properly kite to deal with these packs.The verdict:Before the problems under ""the bad"" are fixed, I'd recommend holding off on this one. It shows a lot of promise, but still needs a few changes before it's ready.The discussion regarding resolution:http://steamcommunity.com/app/449960/discussions/0/353915309349470505/Specifically, they say that because the 2D graphics they use are not made for higher resolutions, they will not be able to support 1440p or over without redoing all their art assets."
,Not Recommended,449960,25126650,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,KultureVulture,"First off, this game has amazing potential, but there are some MAJOR control issues that need to be addressed before I can in good faiuth recommend this game. The attack and move functions are both mapped to left click (while right click has NO binding) this combined with really small hitboxes leads to CONSTANTLY (around 80% of the time for me) moving instead of attacking. This is especially frustrating since the clickable circle hitboxes under the enemies don't appear until AFTER you have clicked them.Secondly the ""Force Stand Still"" button is left shift (not space) and having it there when space is not mapped to anything either will leads to sore pinky fingers.Other than that the game is great, a cool dungeon crawler with a twist that has some really cool ideas. But in it's current state it feels like a mobile game ported to steam, since all the controls seem to derive from touchscreens."
76561198019783452,Not Recommended,449960,24609807,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DrBad,"My two major ussies with this game so far:1.item drop more from bookshelf instead of elite enemies, which feels unrewarding.2.most of the legendary drop has no intresting effect, its either slow down certain type monster 10%, reduce poision damage and such, doesn't feel like legendary, the fire attack axe and double target swing is more of a legendary than they are.A legendary should bring some new mechanic or change how I play the game, not just some cheap status effect.when I play this kind of game, I look for interesting biuld, it failed to bring that to me, so far."
76561197975066428,Not Recommended,449960,29492191,Posted: 25 January,all,Kris kross,"It's pretty bad. mostly feel like a game adapted for mobile devices. Everything requires clicking. movent, attacking (there is an autoattack funtion but it's slow as hell compared to clicking), clickin away poison, stun and freeze effects. The movement has a WASD alternative that is clunky and random to use since it barely works. The game is diablo 1 with no atmosphere, more clicking and funky book-graphics.concerning the card system in the game wich is the only interesting part, i have unlocked like half of them and till have not found any one that made the game more fun. If the developers made it easier to controll the movement and less tiresome for the hand to play through this would be passable."
76561198100416915,Recommended,449960,24731586,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,R4phStryker,"Diablo 3 :＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉBook of Demons :／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,449960,24627454,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Otter Chaos,"Book of Demons is one of those “could have been” games.  It could have been a great game, but there are so many things that I find so annoying when I play that I have to wonder why they were put in the game in the first place.  These aren't bugs.  This isn't a case of early access working the kinks out of the game.  These are features of the game which serve only to detract from the enjoyment.One issue I have, and the one that became the most annoying to me, is that whenever your character gets stunned, a circle of stars appear on the screen, and you have to catch them all so that you can end the stun and get back to the game.  It feels like an N64 Mario minigame being randomly activated while I'm playing.  Really, it's hard for me to explain how stupid this is unless you've played the game, and I'm not for a minute suggesting that you do.  Look, imagine that every time you sat down to eat a meal, every so often someone would start waving crap in front of your face and you had to grab  it before you could take another bite.  This is how Book of Demons do.On it goes, from the ability cards that get deactivated or “tilted” with no notice, to the wandering around to find the piece of gold laying behind a statue somewhere because the level isn't “complete” without it, to the monsters that can attack you from offscreen, well, you get the idea.I've almost finished Book of Demons, and I'm going to see it through to the end.  It's such a cool idea that I want to like it so much more than I do.  I guess I plan to finish it not because of what it is, but what it could have been.  It could have been a great game.**edit**  Well, despite saying I was going to finish this game, I ran into another issue that seems to be a major roadblock.  I'm pretty close to the bottom of the dungeon, and monsters are rather numerous.  Three summoners are sitting on the stairs to the previous level.  Every time I try to click on them to fight, I go up the stairs.  All I can do is continuously fight the minons they summon.  This is getting tedious.8-13-2016 update:  Despite the horrid creatures that lurk within the Book of Demons, I do check back on the game to see if any of the issues I have had are fixed.  By horrid creatures, I don't mean the monsters in the game, I mean the people who play it, but anyway.  I will gladly remove each issue I mentioned as they go away, if they do, but so far it has been the same.  At least by now all of the special needs children who trolled my review and profile have either been blocked by me, or have moved on to more pressing issues such as eating paint chips.  So there's that at least.4-17-17 update:  Forgot this game existed until the developer commented on this review.  Reinstalled it, and feel pretty much the same as before.  Got stunned and had to catch the stars.  I know they say there is an item that prevents that, but I don't have one, and it's still an annoying mechanic.  So is the transition between rooms, which often wind up with me doing a dance in and out of a room because there are several enemies standing by the door.  I very quickly noticed the same old annoyances from before. You know, this game has been available for sale for long enough to consider this my final revision.  Early access is one thing, but its not early any more."
76561198004637655,Not Recommended,449960,34843391,Posted: 9 September,all,Slowpoke [UA],unfriendly difficulty curve
,Not Recommended,449960,25772791,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,TheChosenOne,"Not bad, but it get boring and easy very fast."
76561197962596173,Not Recommended,449960,25558829,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SteadyGamer,"has potential i guess, but not worth 20.00 imho."
76561198060313601,Recommended,449960,24864554,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,cytariel,"Great game, It's basically love letter to orginal diablo. But at the same time it's diffrent enough to be interesting and fresh. Graphic and animaton may seem to be pretty rough on screen shots, but i assure you during gamplay it's very atmospheric and just adds to diablo parody vibe. Gameplay mechanics are quite fun, and makes you explore everything just to see what cool cards can you get. Music is also very nostalgic. And nostalgy is probably most important factor for me, I kinda felt like 10 years old me when i was playing diablo 1."
,Recommended,449960,24908061,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pledouth,"This game perfectly recreates the feelings and experiences of the first Diablo with a nice, satirical twist, at the same time being a completely distinct creation in terms of gameplay and originality."
76561198067749777,Recommended,449960,24920584,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Altoidmintz,"If you like ARPGs, buy this.Super fun already and the developers are continuing to make great steps forward!Interesting game dynamics like cards and cool look and feel.Also, looks to be the first in a series. So get in and follow along!"
76561198038354248,Recommended,449960,24614160,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jareck!,Great game!
,Recommended,449960,24611144,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Drakhan,Game is great they mix arpg with paper art. I loved it. Devs did a great job. Storyline is amazing and funny.Only thing that I can complain about it is you need to stack passive abilities to make your character viable other than that game is great
76561198047582926,Recommended,449960,24587161,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,dewyb2,"If you like Diablo then this is a great game. It is full of tons of throwbacks to the origal diablo game. I am really enjoying it so far. But the reason that I am writting this review is beacuse, in addition to the solid gameplay mechanics of this game. The devs seems to be really comitted to improving and responding to player feedback. I ran into a story stopping bug. Submitted a bug report and within the hour a hotfix had been posted fixing the problem.This is a great game with a huge potential to become one of my new favorite games."
,Recommended,449960,24650910,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hawbris,"much fun, reminded me of playing diablo when i was a younger.  if you enjoyed the diablo franchise and want a fresh take on it check this game out."
76561198276685985,Recommended,449960,24644787,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Crusader of God,"Awesome game, love the concept and the gameplay keep up the great work!"
76561198036252155,Recommended,449960,24978405,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,thewaffel007,"While this is still considered early access, I didn't run into any bugs in the hour or so that I played. It wasn't too hard but there is a feature that lets you choose the length (difficulty naturally increses with more monsters) that is nice if you just want a few short rounds in. While monsters will mob you, they aren't difficult if they are normal monsters. Once you get to levels where they can summon, poison you and have elemental attacks is when you need to pay attention. Currently only the warrior class is useable but you don't have to get super close to enemies to attack them. If you are looking for a casual rouge like game in a pop up story book style then I would recommend this."
76561198271546167,Recommended,449960,33743927,Posted: 23 July,all,pbz1856,I wasn't so sure about the game at first but I'm loving this game so far :D. This is definetly an unqiue H&S!
76561198043660308,Recommended,449960,34566154,Posted: 28 August,all,Blednaowca,1. Read about the game.2. Download demo.3. Play it.4. ???5. Buy the game.
76561197993260818,Recommended,449960,35084481,Posted: 20 September,all,Psychedelephant,Fantastic little game! I can already tell if offers hours of enjoyment that I plan to enjoy!
76561198082219377,Recommended,449960,35101086,Posted: 21 September,all,StarDust,"I love this game and it is my favorite Dungeon Crawler! It is really creative with the combat and you are constantly facing new enemies through out the whole game that has you changing how you play. There are cards that do different things that help with your attack, health, armor, spells, special attack cards towards certain enemies, etc. And has this beautiful paper art style that i am just in love with! If you like dungeon crawlers than this is a definate no brainer! But either way i recommend playing the DLC and seeing if you like it from there! BECAUSE WHY NOT!?! :D AMAZING GAME! 10/10 Wouldn't change anything and would play again!!!"
76561198025288854,Recommended,449960,35184690,Posted: 24 September,all,Xyrael,"Still early access, but worth the money even in its unfinished state. The tone of the visuals and vocal work is fantastic. Great card-based character advancement system that makes the simplified ARPG style a fairly unique experience."
,Recommended,449960,35164800,Posted: 23 September,all,Coercer,Great dungeon crawler.  Hack and slash your way through paper monsters. Basically an homage to  Diablo I.
