user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,450440,28689596,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Creepy Castleisfantastic, but it's a bit of a shame because the marketing for this is fairly terrible.The store page had me thinking this was a relatively little retro platformer, which couldn't be further from the truth (no, I didn't study the store page). This false first impression is off-putting when looking at the full asking price. First off, it's turn-based combat, which is awesome. Secondly, there are currently ~5 'episodes' available (what is casually called 'season' 1). I started playing last night and just finished episode 1 in around four hours. Season 2 is apparently on the way. There is serious meat-on-the-bone here.Also note that I pretty near binge played this; it's that good.So, the strange thing is that this title is very reminiscent ofUndertale, which I absolutely hated (don't even get me started). The turn-based combat often has 'duels' which are little mini-games, which is obviously similiar toUndertale. The artwork is also debatably similiar. But IMHO that's where the comparison ends. So far I haven't 'dated' any of the characters, or had to suffer constant breaks in the action - there is more 'game' here withCreepy Castle, and to me that's a great thing.Creepy Castleis definately aMetroidstyle game in the sense you will gain items that help you access previous areas. You will backtrack like that. There is a good bit of text dialogue/lore to read, which is great because it is expertly crafted. The story even at times has hints of mixing ethics and morals in with monster slaying, likeUndertale, but so far I can stand it for some reason.Essentially, this plays like a platforming RPG with someMetroid-like elements.You level up. There are no shops. There are multiple playable characters, and although I've only tried one additional character, I think they all mechanically operate the same way. There is a good variatey of color pallette/animation/HUD options to keep things fresh. The story is engaging, for sure.Pros:+Really well done turn-based combat lite-RPG title in a non-linear world+Good controller support+Good music and artwork+The story drives the game and is very engaging+Metric tons of content; you'd easily get 15-20 hours out of what is there currently (ie. season 1), and season 2 is on the way+It finds a nice balance of tricky, but not rage inducing; overall I don't struggle too much with progressionCons:-Ok, there is really only one 'con', but it is a BIG one - the game makes terrible use of screen space; you will have to deal with black bars and all that happy crap (why-oh-why did they do this!), so get ready to not use ~30% of your screenTotally worth full price - in fact I wish I would have picked this up sooner."
76561198009961364,Recommended,450440,26346026,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,InkDragonWorks,"Overall this game is decent so far. Pretty inventive and cute. Not the most deep and there's some frustrating bits in exploration/combat, but it's worth at least one play-through. Keep in mind I'm only 5 hours in since writing this, but there seems to be enough content here that, if the game looks interesting to you, it'll provide enough for $15.Positives:The base aesthetics might put some people off at first, but while the graphics are more minimalistic than other retro-titles it has enough personality in the cutscenes/close-ups that they show effort and thought put into them, being cartoonier and more expressive than a game using it for budget's sake.The sound effects are appropriate, but the music is great, fits the tone of its scenes, has enough variety to it, and some tracks are fairly catchy.There's variety in the combat, with the number of mini-games and how enemies utilize them differently, that it feels interesting and rewarding to do well in them. Some mini-games are too strict compared to others, but having 2/3 different ones per fight gives you a chance to soldier through fights even if you're not good at some of them.Story is written well. It has enough detail to differentiate itself from standard RPG fare, if you don't mind it being overly wordy in some points. It doesn't do anything groundbreaking, but it avoids outright cliches and balances humor/seriousness in its tone pretty well.Negatives:Combat isn't deep. You walk into enemies in linear levels without many options to avoiding them, and either you attack them or you heal, and sometimes mini-games come up where you can actually score free hits. Overall there aren't many options available to you to vary up a repeat play-through, and doesn't offer too much replay value besides improving how well you do at the harder mini-games.Some cheapness; enemies/obstacles are able to crit you at random for twice the damage, and you can't crit back without using up an item (EDIT: Ok it has happened a few times where Butterfly got a crit in Depths, so maybe my luck is just terrible, who knew?). Mimics (enemies that are indistinguishable from chests containing items) litter some places and since I have no way of differentiating them, I take a free hit whenever it turns a chest is a mimic. These things don't happen so often I die, but it's discouraging when things are stacked against you unfairly, rather than giving you a chance to do something about it.Exploration is very slow paced. Compared to most Metroidvanias this is light on actual character growth and movement, and the backtracking is a huge pain. Since enemies don't respawn there's nothing to really do except walk, and if it ends up that you misremembered where to go/what you needed, you either have to trudge all the way back or reload save states. Having some kind of warp rooms to get around would have been a life saver, and/or a better map for navigating and keeping track of things.Inventory is messy, you get a row of them that just place the most recent items at the end, and then a bag to swap out to a different row. Doesn't sound too bad, except boss battles give you a time limit to finding and using items, and getting back to your attack to hit them; too slow in deciding what to do? They get a free hit. It would have been nice to manually rearrange them so we could have things ordered how we want.Sometimes the story throws a little too much at you at some points, leading to a lot of 8+ pages of lore when you're only trying to explore, and some characters, so far, feel like they could have been left out entirely. It takes a while for it to build into it's main narrative and comes off a little unfocused at first until it gets to that point (which is about an hour in, which isn't too bad for RPGs I feel).Final Thoughts:I think Creepy Castle takes on a little too much from the limitations that older games had at times, but it's never enough that I end up dying unfairly, at worst you might end up wasting time wandering around. I think what's most commendable about it is it's sincerity. It seems like a story, world, and cast of characters that the developer cares enough about to share in this game without cribbing on anything else. I would not be playing this otherwise if I didn't feel that was the case.If you're willing to let some things go, you'll find a pretty charming, modest experience here."
,Recommended,450440,31850570,Posted: 19 May,all,-{A★T}- blazingrager33,"A wonderful, cute little adventure game with a good story, minor RPG elements, some light hearted humor and plenty of content, Creepy Castle promises and it delivers. The game is segmented across 5 different scenarios, which I will cover in as brief and non-spoilery a way as possible: The first scenario, Creepy Castle, is the only one you have unlocked to begin with, and your character, Moth, is tasked with entering the creepy castle and figuring out what's going on inside. After that, you unlock 3 of the remaining 4 scenarios (the other one is best left as a surprise): Ghostly Mystery, Depth, and Due Exaltation, which are all branches off of the original story. Ghostly Mystery involves you delving into the mysterious ghost palace shortly after the events of the first scenario, and is thematically similar to it as well. The next scenario, Depth, is all about being hopelessly lost in a labryinthine cave system, and sadly this has little story until the end. Next is Due Exaltation, a space adventure where you... actually, I think I'll leave that for you to find out. After a scenario is completed, you will usually be given the scenario's free mode, where you can replay the scenario with any character you wish. As for the quality of the game, it is an indie gem. There are a few minor qualms I have with it however:-There are no rebindable keys.-Some of Moth's animations are somewhat difficult to interpret.-Volume control is nothing more than an on/off switch, with no sliders in sight.-The map could use some work, especially if they're going to throw something as complicated as Depth at me (However, the developer says they plan to adress this in a future update).-There is a fair bit of backtracking involved, a problem which is only magnified by the lackluster map.Along side these I present the game's pros, before I discuss gameplay:-Out of the box controller support (I tried it with a 3rd party USB X-Box 360 controller).-Plenty of content, definitely enough to justify asking price.-A lot of the game's art is positively beautiful.-A plethora of visual options to make it look older than your grand dad and the flinstones.-Fantastic music, easily on par with games like Undertale.-Great characters and character design.-A cornucopia of in game literature and lore.-A great story with dynamic characters.-An accessibility mode for the disabled, young, or simply those who aren't very good at the game, which makes the combat easier.-Every book you read, monster you fight, and song you listen to is stored in the vault. I often found myself listening to the game's music while doing something else entirely.But I digress, now we must discuss the ""game"" part of this video game.Creepy castle is an adventure game which alternates between having you navigate your environment and fight with enemies. Firstly, the navigation: all of the levels are split into seperate sections, each with one or more ways to cross in and out into other ones (think metroid). There will almost always be some barrier keeping you from just WALTZING OFF into another zone before you got several something or others, so you have to go and find them! Most of the time, this will be either one or more keys, or some important progression item. While certainly much more linear than a metroidvania, it does have its fair share of secrets, lore, characters, and pickups off of the beaten path for you to find and interact with. However, keep in mind that your environment is also littered with traps and, more importantly, enemies! Which brings us into our next part...COMBAT! A large portion of your time is going to be dedicated to fighting the denizens of the Spooky Fortress, and battles will typically go something like this: you walk up to someone and slap them, they slap you back, and this goes on until you enter a DUEL. A duel is effectively just a minigame, and depending on how well you do, it can end one of three ways: you fail the duel completely, and the enemy gets a free hit on you, you do alright, and both of you take damage, or you do perfect, and get a free hit on your opponent. For example, the first (and simplest) duel is called ""Quick-Draw"", and it works like this: you have to hit the ""Z"" button immediately after a prompt comes up. If you hit it too late, or before the prompt comes up at all, you fail. But if you're fast enough, you get an OK or even a perfect. The number of duel types that you can partake in quickly increases from there, as do their complexity, and each enemy has its own unique properties for their duels. You can use food items found around the castle to heal up during or after combat, bombs to 1 hit KO normal enemies, and special moves as well to make the fights easier. Even if you do everything perfectly though, you will take damage, because the dumb slap fights are just kinda a part of the game. Personally it never bugged me much, because the game's food supply was like carrying a fruit cart around with me 24/7, but you won't be doing a no-hit run any time soon.And that wraps up my review!TLDR: All in all, a great adventure RPG with wonderful story, music, and gameplay."
76561198009982943,Recommended,450440,29561005,Posted: 29 January,all,Ja_Dk3,"Where I found myself expecting a generic RPG turn base strategy game that was done countless of times, I found myself falling in love with this 2D world. Sadly, the fact that there's very little mention about this game after being out for over three months is disappointing but for those that come across this game will be in for a treat. The game itself offers lots of exploring, fun battles that will test your dexterity and amazing music that's composed nicely in this Indie title. The only thing that I can mark as a down side for the few hours I've played is the map. You can't scroll around the area and because everything looks the same, you can find yourself running around in circles. Also, I recommend playing with a controller with this game. Keyboard is nice but for some of the button inputs requires for you to be very quick on your fingers. For the price of the game along with the replay value of unlocking characters and chapters to play through, I can find myself really enjoying this game for a while. Please, get more people to know about this game. It's fun!"
76561198072182182,Recommended,450440,26356823,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"A fun, highly novel sidescrolling RPG set in a cute fantasy world of anthropomorphic insects, backed by a chiptune score of the first water!  Movement is modular, but you can choose smooth or instantaneous shifting, among other customizations.  The give-and-take of classic RPG combat is interspersed with terrific little minigames, or ""duels,"" that can get pretty tough, though you can choose to dampen the difficulty if you want -- but I would only do this as a last resort.  Ever since I playedUndertale, I've felt that every turn-based RPG that does not involve tactical positioning should incorporate minigames like these; they make combat so much more dynamic if done well, and this game does themextremelywell!The game may be cute, but as you play through the chapters, you'll find thatCreepy Castlehas a pretty epic story and some heady themes to go with it -- like depression, the dubiety of psychopharmacological treatment for such, the search for meaning, and the need for companionship.  I was very surprised to find all this in the game, and even more surprised that these themes are handled so deftly.Creepy Castlewill appeal massively to fans ofPrincess RemedyandUndertale, as it shares tonal and aesthetic similarities with those excellent titles, but it has a sparkling personality all its own.  I love this game, and you should pick it up now!"
76561198030116576,Recommended,450440,33385183,Posted: 8 July,all,nzeltzer,"I suspected this might be neat. It's not: it's awesome. I suspected this might be short. It's not: it's epic. I love the precise controls; the quirky characters; and the sprawling, twisting level design. Charming and classy in equal measure. This is a must play."
,Recommended,450440,26640328,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ImperialPanda,"At the time of writing, I have completed two of the main 4 scenarios and 1 of the remixed scenarios. While I have not seen the entirety of the game, I am confident that I have formed a solid opinion. Creepy Castle deserves both a recommendation and is well worth the $15. I rank CC up there with indie classics such as Cave Story and Shovel Knight.CC is an indie-retro style side scrolling action adventure game with turn base battle. CC is a genre blending game, with gameplay a blend of metroidvania exploration and a Mario & Luigi game combat system.The exploration part comes in the form of rather large levels which has to be traversed to find items to allow for advancement. Like any metroidvania games, backtracking is rewarded with extras and secrets. However, one thing to note is that exploration can be slow due to CC imitating how a ZX Spectrum game would have run. Other issues such as generic backgrounds making poor landmark and a featureless map make remembering where things were difficult. But like any other metroidvania game, the sense of progression is great.Combat are typically 1-1 affair (2B final fight uses only one life bar) can be categorized with 3 types of turns: regular, duels, and crits. Regular combat is uneventful and results in both  combatant taking 1 damage. Duels involves mini-games where if the player does well they can get hit in with no damage, but may do no damage if they fail. The mini-game are usually fair once you have learn the games rule. Crits are annoying because the game lacks any real stats. There are experience tokens but they are more of a mean to allow for increasing difficulty rather than any player growth. Both player and enemies can randomly land a crit which can do more than 1 heart of damage. You can heal as a free action but being unable to predict crits can lead to unfair deaths. The RNG also factors into duels as duels are not always guaranteed against some enemies, forcing regular combat, forcing more damage. The combat can be forgiven though since it’s pretty easy and the game is generous with healing items.All in all, the game is still fun. I know I put a lot of negatives out there but if you’re willing to look past that then there’s a lot of positive too.The graphics and art style are well done and very memorable. CC is a true retro experience simulating the early days of home consoles.The story is good. It plot isn’t convoluted or bogged down by melodrama. Furthermore, CC has quite a bit of lore with unqiue characters and stories implied in the dialogue. The plot compliments the game by being doled out slowly, encouraging exploration.The sound design is great. The music does loop but is far from annoying. The jukebox feature is actually nice since the game soundtrack is large with unique tracks for different scenarios.The game has plenty of secrets and characters to unlock for free play. Free play allows you to replay scenarios with different characters from the game with slight changes to dialogue.The amount of polish and content in the game is very satisfying and I cannot stress this enough that I think this game deserves to a chance. I hope that the developer Dopterra continues making more content for this game and expanding the world of CC as it is truly something to enjoy."
,Recommended,450440,28612944,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mike Kasprzak,"Phew!After a bit of a rocky start in the first story (I misread a clue), and beating it 6-7 hours later: I liked the game.After putting... I guess, 18 hours in to playing all other stories (really, they're basically chapters), and unlocking a majority of the hidden content: I love this game.Going in I was super biased. I'm a total sucker for games that look like they come from the Commodore 64 (or Speccy). Not to mention Metroidvania's are probably my favourite genre. So really, I was going to like this game no matter what. But I'm in awe at how much substance is here.The later chapters are definitiley ""hard mode"". Other games would have done a New Game+. Creepy Castle contains practically a whole other game, 3 TIMES!!! It's almost like getting a sequel, and another sequel, and... you get the point. All in the same game.I think a lot of people will compare this to Undertale. I haven't had a chance to finish Undertale myself, but from what I have seen the impression I get is Undertale has more wit. I don't care though. I loved Creepy Castle. It's everything I hoped it would be.I'm super happy with this game. I hope you give it a chance."
76561198361103888,Not Recommended,450440,30353834,Posted: 6 March,all,Creamery of the Century,"The more I played it...the less I liked it.Having played through 3 1/2 of the available scenarios, now with a heavy heart i must say that Creepy Castle was a thoroughly frustrating experience. It has some neat ideas, and the story & characters were what kept me going, but the gameplay is so monotonous that i cannot take another second of it. It makes some mind-bogglingly aggravating decisions game-design wise and i cannot for the life of me wrap my head around what the developer's thought process behind this was.- First off: No auto save, you're reliant on save points. You die, you go back to the last save point.- No quick travel or teleport. Put on your walking boots cause backtracking is 90% of what you will do in this game.-The idea of a battle system based on mini-games is fun. But there is not enough variety. It gets boring after a couple of hours. And enemies can still hit you even outside mini-games, with no method of blocking attacks. You are going to get hit and there is nothing you can do about it.- Despite that the game is not exactly difficult. Most of the battles boil down to how fast can you mash a button. If you ever played a Mario Party title in your life you can manage any enemy in Creepy Castle. And if button mashing isn't your forte you can make battles more accessible via the menu.- Btw you can't open the main menu in game. If you wanna change settings you need to quit the game and go back to the starting menu.- Save points don't regenerate your health (at least in the early chapters. In the Depths scenario save points did heal you but also respawned every enemy.) You gotta use randomly scattered food items and a few one-time use healing doors to replenish your health. The weird part is though, when I was  low on health then enemies didn't attack me outside the mini-games. This might be to prevent locking you in an unwinnable state. But in that case I have to question the point of having a health bar to begin with. Why not make every fight entirely mini-game based and do away with the health bar? Let every battle be decided by a mini-game. If i win i keep going, if i lose i get booted out of the battle back in front fo the enemy and can engage the fight again immediately until i win. It would have been a much more straight forward approach to its battle system.- XP is hidden across the levels instead of being gained via battles. Which negates any reason to fight enemies. The only thing you get from winning is food items which you wouldn't need if you didn't enagage the fight in the first place. Most battles are still unavoidable though because enemies are blocking your path.- Each new unlocked scenario gives you new characters to play with and has a little theme description like ""Mystery Adventure"" or ""Comedy Action Romp"". Don't be fooled. Every chapter is more or less the same. You walk, you do mini-games, you walk some more. The main gameplay doesn't change. You play through one scenario and then the next scenario will have you go through thesame areas, get thesame itemsand fight thesame enemies. The character you play with is different but the gameplay itself barely differs at all. I just acquired the ice rod and the phase shifter with my first character, why am i forced to find all this stuff again? There is no true feeling of progression.- And finally, the main reason I gave up on Creepy Castle: The single most useless map I ever had the displeasure to be forced to rely on. The only thing it shows are save points. No doors, keys, enemies, obstacles, nothing. I have to ask, WHY? Why make a map so utterly unhelpful, especially in a game where exploration is the main focus, not to mention all the backtracking you're required to do. You are going to get lost so much I'm not even kidding. Screw this map. It doesn't deserve being called a map. Draw your own map. Heck, maybe that was the intention here, seeing how this game is a retro throw-back to times when  things like maps wouldn't even fit on the disk. Doesn't make it any less painful though. (UPDATE: Devs said that there my be an update to the map. If the map actually becomes usable then i will go back, hopefully be able to finish Creepy Castle and upadate my review accordingly.)There is the shimmer of greatness here, it could have been the next retro inspired masterpiece along the line of Shovel Knight or Undertale. But it falls just short in every area. It pains me to say its numerous flaws outweigh its charm but in the end i can only recommend Creepy Castle to people with a VERY high tolerance for tedious gameplay. It may be a labor of love but it's not fun to play. If you're an 80's kid and have a burning passion for games like the original Ultima or Castlevania, then you may get your money's worth here. If you're like me and no amount of nostalgia goggles can sway you from seeing how poorly these types of games have aged, you are unlikely to enjoy your time with Creepy Castle."
,Recommended,450440,26540594,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SilentBugler,"Optimal amusement will be achievable by players who have the following preferences:At leastMildenjoyment of minigames-as-combat mechanicsStrongaffinity for dungeon\labyrinth exploration, including secretive diversionsP.S.I may submit additional notes at a later date, with further recommendative estimates regarding separate chapter contents."
76561198273381977,Recommended,450440,31739024,Posted: 13 May,all,cocopuffs399,"I have been playing Creepy Castle for over five months now. I'm surprise how much enjoyment I have gotten out of this game to the point that I was binge playing this game when I first began playing it. Like most games, Creepy Castle has a lot of strong points and a good number of weak points. Before I go into the story and the different scenarios, I want to first talk about the graphics, music, and of course, the gameplay.The graphics are 8-bit and are rather simplistic. The characters in this game use one primary color and black as a secondary color. I believe the game is trying to emulate the Gameboy Color, at the very least, the graphics give off a Gameboy Color vibe. There are also a few nice touches like how the game's vertical scrolling is a little ""chunky"" and that the immediate background appears to disappear when a character sprite moves in front of it. The graphics overall, are nice and do a good job emulating older hardware and their graphical limitations.The music is very good. With the exception with one track, and songs in this game are completely chip-tune. What I find shocking is that the game boasts nearly 60 different music tracks and I can remember almost very single one of them. Most of them are very good and are quite catchy. There are a few decent tracks in this game that are nice to listen to but are nothing special. but there are a few tracks in this game that I find rather boring to listen to, but there is nothing ear grating in this soundtrack. After reading this, I advice you to check out Creepy Castle's OST. They are among some of the best chip-tune music I have ever listened to.The gameplay is what makes or breaks a game. Creepy Castle is a pseudo RPG. When you go up to an enemy in the game, one of two things can happen: you can attack the enemy with a basic attack and the enemy would then retaliate with their own, or a ""duel"" will start. Duels make up the vast majority of battle in this game. They act like simple mini-games: one involves you going through a maze while avoiding obstacles and collecting stars. Another one involves you pressing a set of button combinations. By winning the game, you will get a perfect and score one point of damage. If you fail, you will take one point of damage, and if you get an ""OK"" (which happens if you slipped up but still ended up winning the game) both you and the enemy take one point of damage. There are only a handful of mini-games in these duel sections, but unfortunately there is not a lot of variety in these games. Sometimes an enemy may have a new gimmick thrown into the mini-game, but this doesn't happen to often and only a few duel types actually have changes depending on the enemy you are facing. You also don't get experience from defeating enemies. You get experience by collecting enough crosses to level up. Leveling up only decreases the health of enemies by one point and because the crosses are on the path you are on anyways, Creepy Castle's ""level"" system seems artificial and makes many of the battles seem pointless. With one exception, enemies don't re-spawn which does help. I still found a lot of enjoyment out of this battle system and I only started to see these problems after multiple playthroughs. Creepy Castle does have a fun and rather creative battle system, but it is not without it's faults.Also, the game has two difficulty modes. Access mode makes the duels easier and not so physically demanding which is nice, but I find that it makes the game TOO easy. You can only take damage from stage hazards and basic attacks. No matter if you get and ""OK"" or if you fail a duel, you will not take damage. This makes bosses a joke as they rarely use a basic attack. Turning off Access mode can result with your fingers breaking. It's my biggest problem with this game: it is either too easy to finger breaking difficult.As of this review, there are four main scenarios. I will be going over each one and the game's extra content.Scenario 1 is not to bad. It is the first scenario you can play and is the easiest in difficulty (for me at least). It introduces this games mechanics in a fun way and is not too long lasting only around an hour and a half. It is very linear and it is hard to get lost is this scenario. My biggest problems with this scenario are: 1. Too many unnecessary characters. I'm ok if random nobody NPCs have different names, but what is the point of characters like Arrow Ace, Centipede, and decent number of the boss characters? The bosses I'm ok with, but the other two characters are never mentioned and never appear again after this scenario. What is the point of them? 2. The IUS area. This is a nitpick, but I don't like areas that have you go back and fourth a central area to a bunch of breaking paths just to make progress. Overall, it is a decent scenario.Scenario 2 is the ""shortest"" of them all. I call it short because playing only one part of the scenario will take you around half an hour. But this scenario is split into two parts, the second part taking around 40 minutes. The problem is with the exception of some dialogue and the final bosse(s), the two parts are EXACTLY the same. They are thankfully short, but if this isn't padding then I don't know what is. It focuses entirely on combat, and is despite it's glaring issue, it is fun throughout.I'm sorry if I only appear to give negatives. Creepy Castle is a game that you have to play to understand how it works. It is also easy to point out the game's problems rather explaining why it works.Scenario 3 is a mix bag for me. On one hand, like how open it is, the multiple paths you can take and that the story is told mostly through visuals then through dialogue. On the other hand, if you hate big explore able areas, you will hate this scenario. It is also easy to get lost your first time around and the map is do poor in detail that it just barley helps. The scenario is also the most different then any other scenario in the game and the game does a bad job explaining it's mechanics, and I mean by that is that the game doesn't explain its mechanics at all. how are you supposed to know that saving will heal you and that enemies re spawn if you do so? There were plenty of good moments here, but this scenario goes on for too long if you don't know what you are doing. It can last from 2 hours to 6.The fourth scenario is ok. It is the most story driven and is the only one that lacks a free play mode (free play scenarios are just the scenario the mode is based off of with little to no story and you can play as any character you have unlocked). There is nothing much to say here. The scenario is easily the longest in the game, but it has a lot of variety and does not get old. It is my favorite scenario in the game by far. It can last up to five hours, but those five hours are really good ones.Complete the four main scenarios will unlock a final one. The final scenario is simply a short boss rush and the game's final boss.I could talk about the story, but I rather that you discover the secrets of Creepy Castle on your own. I had a lot of fun doing so.In conclusion, Creepy Castle is a fun and memorable little game. It is not everyone's cup of tea, and there are legitament problems here and there, but ultimately, this game is simple fun and I recommend it to anyone looking for a hidden gem. I do recommend waiting for a price drop, though."
76561198049107544,Recommended,450440,32998328,Posted: 29 June,all,BML42,"Came for the cutsey design, stayed for the short but amazing story, just completed this game and I have to say, I enjoyed the ride the entire way through, did get a little bumpy at times with the map but otherwise it was overall a great experiance with silly, and serious moments~!"
,Recommended,450440,34450933,Posted: 23 August,all,Harry Amoros,"Amazing game.Full of exploration, funny writing.Love how every battle is fun to do even at cost of some life.Bosses are too cool, specially one because of its soundtrack.Sometimes it can be overwhelming and you can get lost easily in wich you scream ""WHERE DO I GO, WHAT DO I DO""and then the solution ends up being silly.Reminds me of the very old era of DOS games with very simple graphics and lots of hours used in exploration.Butterfly might be my fave character ever. PUNCH THEM IN THE FACE.Can't wait for more of this~"
76561198071436224,Recommended,450440,26450845,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Xio,"Really enjoyed what I've played so far, nice dialogue and wonderful chiptune music. 8-Bit graphics with a nice flair with the character portraits and event battles. Even if its simplistic, I really like the designs and pixel work, and the CRT / Bloom filtering (both settings you can toggle off if it bothers you) really makes it feel like an old NES game.Only nitpicks I would have are that it would be nice if the map was more useful, or if it could be scrolled around at least. I found myself getting a little lost, but the areas aren't too big so far that its that much of an issue. Some of the battle events feel a lot harder than others as well, but that might just be me being slow at Parry events or uncoordinated at button sequences. Crits can feel a little unfair sometimes too -- its like, you put in mechanical sequences to avoid damage based on player skill, but there's no stopping or avoiding a crit.The variety in the battle minigames is pretty nice, and it seems to keep adding more and more to it as the game goes on. BF and Poindexter's tutorial / story entries are adorable too. Remember, you have to punch things in the face before they punch you in the face!"
,Recommended,450440,26469039,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TheHandsomeMan3,"With an excellent soundtrack, engaging storyline, and refined battle system, Creepy Castle is a gem to say the least. The colorful unclutterd visuals are a nice throwback to the classic age of video games, and the levels are cleverly designed. There is actually a large amount of humor, even in the item descriptions, and the characters are easily likeable and creative. Although I was unable to join the Kickstarter, I greatly appreciate the amount of inclusion the early supporters could have. It seems that many creations these days lack a sense of ""life""; however, Creepy Castle is an exception, and I thank the creators and fellow supporters for this.It is difficult for me to choose what I like most about this game, as each element is executed very well. If I had to choose, I would say the battle system stood out the most to me. There are a great deal of RPGs that could improve by incorporating elements of this system."
,Recommended,450440,26632781,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Makarray,"If you like wario-ware type minigames, and enjoy dungeon crawlers then this game is for you.  The minigames are also actually difficult, which is a big plus."
,Recommended,450440,26509209,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dragon's Scythe,"despite the simple look, charming character design, and funny dialogs (mostly the food description and the fortunes from fortune cookies) the story is really deep and if you did not see it coming would hit you in the feels harder than any simplistic game shouldalso another RPG where avoiding some attacks in a turn based way is gold dust to me (even though by turn based i mean you press attack and the enemies retaliate and the clashes dont happen all the time just once in awile but i like it)i promise that this game will be worth your timealso i might oneday make a top 10 food dialogs in the invantory box because jokes and memes for days....DAYS"
,Recommended,450440,32866595,Posted: 27 June,all,Fransinn,Short and sweet. Great for those that want to get a quick fix for a quirky dungeon rpg.+ It includes nice extras for those that find it too short.
,Recommended,450440,29991434,Posted: 17 February,all,rafl,This game is a perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover.
76561198060621487,Recommended,450440,27663734,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Klaas,I actually play this game! Loved the retro pixel art and the 8bit music too!10/10
,Recommended,450440,26966788,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeyThar,"This game has a ton of charm, and a ton of content, surprisingly. I've played for around 5 hours as of writing this review, and have only completed 2 of the scenarios, and I know there's at least 5 in total, with more to come, as I see the developers talking about a future ""Season 2"".The combat essentially consists of typical  rogue-like combat, in the sense that you and the enemy hit each other back and forth, however it often also has you play minigames during battle, which, if you win, will allow you to do damage to the foe without you taking any yourself. The minigames start off fairly easy, but having been getting harder and harder.The story is super charming with a surprising amount of depth and worldbuilding, and the characters are adorable. If you dig the style at first glance I think you'll find a lot to like here, visually.My only big complaints with the game is that the map doesn't help a whole lot, and that backtracking is a total pain in the butt. It's usually not forced, but it's hard not to want to backtrack when you just got that item that you KNOW gets you past an obstacle earlier on for a secret. Still, those are pretty minor flaws overall.Recommended!"
76561198088012393,Recommended,450440,26484691,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kirbyster,"I loved many parts of this game, but it had some pretty major faults. The most glaring fault of this game is the backtracking and just traversing the map in general. There was lots of backtracking in every area of the game. Which wouldn't be too bad except for the fact that some of the areas are set up like mazes and just traversing some of the regular areas can lead to you getting lost with the extremely minimal map system. The map only shows you where you've been and where nearby save points are. I think the game would be GREATLY imporved if the map had only a few changes added to it, such as showing rooms you haven't explored that are ajacent to rooms you have already explored, or adding little marks to show obsicles that you can't pass currently but that you can come back later to advance, or even a destination mark everytime you clear your current objective. Also, you unlock more parts of the story as you play the game, obviously, but there are many parts that requre you to replay the SAME GAME MODE just with a differnt character and very minimal differences: mostly just dialouge changes, which I enjoy but are locked behind too much repetitive gameplay.However, I still think that this game is overall good, and if the map was better and backtracking was minimized I think this would be a great game. The gameplay was solid, for at least the first run through and I found the gameplay and the characters to be charming. My favorite part was the story, which had beutifully written dialouge and characters as well as very non-traditional themes that you wouldn't expect to find in a simple video game about talking bugs: such as companionship, whether or not the good in life outweighs the bad, no hero is completely pure, and even a single person can make a significant difference in the world. After finishing the first storyline I found myself more interested in the story than the actual gameplay, which made it especially frustrating that parts of the story are locked behind monotonus gameplay.Overall I think that this game is worth getting and playing to the end of the main story, but I cant reccomend playing the story again as the supporting characters to piece together the rest of the story because having to go through it all again with almost no difference is just too aggrovating."
76561198300691623,Recommended,450440,28957921,Posted: 2 January,all,tuxedocatstuff,Adorable game with an epic plot (and more to come from what i hear). A good number of alternative routes to playthrough via playing dif characters. The sheer amount of stuff present is worth the price :)
76561198044109761,Recommended,450440,29328507,Posted: 17 January,all,Giegues,"It's cute, has charm, wit, and good music. Definitely reccomend, and I'm surprised I haven't heard anyone besides one person talk about this game."
,Recommended,450440,26367586,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,CoyoteGirl26,Creative fighting style! Im having alot of fun as the game is getting progressively harder :)
76561198057590821,Recommended,450440,28242851,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,faresalhinaki,Quite fun if you like action command RPGs. But the latter parts of the game desperately need a map.
,Recommended,450440,26409386,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Fleelix,"Cute characters and good soundtrack, but try to pick it up on a sale."
76561198094231333,Recommended,450440,31399551,Posted: 27 April,all,Vincent Blond,"In my opinion, from Undetale's gameplay, this one is less magical but it's longer and more focused on exploration and combat. Both of these are the nearest gameplay I found out from Undertale's gameplay, as I said, because the game has retro graphics as well as mechanics and it introduces mini-games during the combats, which I love it and I enjoyed a lot playing to Undertale, by the way."
76561198091701175,Recommended,450440,26405472,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sonic from Drake and Josh,Stop reading this review and just buy the game already!
,Recommended,450440,26429055,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Combine™,"A game that throws you back into the times of 8-bit, throwing puzzles and addicting music right at your face for you to enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,450440,26378366,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,🐧 crow,"they spent too much time writing ""clever"" dialog and not enough time writing a good game design document. combat is repetitive and the things they added to make it less repetitive actually do the opposite. for example, sometimes enemies will make you play pipe dream in order to do 1 damage to them. and that'd be bad enough except that it repeats the puzzle because the devs didn't bother making very many of these puzzles. other exciting gimmicks include press a button fast and press several buttons fast. the dialog is endless and not really all that funny for the most part. the music is nice though. it's like undertale only not as good, which is really a kind of koan isn't itit's pretty mediocre so i would say do not buy"
45649678670867889,Recommended,450440,32128868,Posted: 2 June,all,['0 σ 0'],"adorable story + characters❤i will forever remember this world and cast (i especially liked moth, ant queen and pinky/greeny punk!)i really liked the mini-game-y rpg battles... they were fast paced and always recquired your attention, and especially the latter boss battles were reaaally intense and fun! the soundtrack is one of the better retro-inspired 8-bit soundtracks too, i played through the game a while ago, but i listen to the music a lot still"
,Recommended,450440,32704289,Posted: 23 June,all,Cool Hangouts™,"Fun game with a well executed stake on it's very specific sort of retro style. Cute character designs, good soundtrack, and a lot of content from what I can see. I wish duels among random enemies were more common though. Also the map system could be a LOT more clear."
76561198293640786,Recommended,450440,29514957,Posted: 26 January,all,los.noobs.en.*****,"guys this game is awesome! i finished every story scenario at least once and i can only say its a really good experience!-The music is the best part of it, it really is one of the best chiptunes i heard in a while ;)-The story and characters are really full of charm, and there are deep themes that you wouldn't expect on a game like this. Moth, Ant queen, Darking...these guys have a very good concept and the themes they are built upon are very deep and well discussed.-the gameplay looks simple but the duels get tough on later levels. It's not an hardcore game that will beat you a thousand times before you can, but its got some sweet challenge.- TONS OF CONTENT! the game is long, there's many things to collect and characters to play as and meet, so is lore to discover and guests to find.In any case, its still something i'd recommed to the classic gamer or someone who doesnt judge something for being oldschool and embraces the concepts and digs deep into it. give it a chanceGod i cant wait for season 2 to come out! i'm really hoping there'll be Creepy Castle 2 someday! it would an insta-buy for sure!"
,Recommended,450440,29858122,Posted: 11 February,all,Adilor,"I'll admit, the look of this kind of game is the kind that I'd give a quick skip when looking through the discovery queue. It has so much more going for it, though, and absolutely should not be judged by its cover. At the strong recommendation of a good friend, I picked this one up and played through it (one ""season"" of content at time of writing this), and can confidently say that it's become one of my favorite games to release in quite some time.The characters and overall story have quite a bit of depth to them. The game starts off as something of a playful romp, but gets much more heavy and deep as the story progresses. There are numerous character cameos as well, some with a lot more flourish and their own story elaborations. You might find yourself gaining a greater appreciation for certain bugs.The gameplay itself is great if you're a fan of unique combat mechanics. Similar to Undertale, it's not just about trading blows with your opponents. A majority of combat time plays out in ""duels"", which come in a variety of flavors, each of which being its own minigame. Performance in them will determine which side, or both, takes damage. There is a light RPG flavor; you won't be dealing with equipment ugrading or random loot drops, but there is some inventory management in juggling a bag or two of food, keys, and special ability granting items. You'll also gain levels, but these merely serve to make battles easier by reducing the health of enemies you encounter.Graphically it's what you'd expect from a retro inspired game. It's mostly sprites with simple animation loops, but there are plenty of pixel art portraits. That is not to downplay it, however; the artwork is good if not great. A neat feature is that you can select from a variety of palettes and borders, letting you customize how the game looks.The music is absolutely fantastic. The game includes a wide berth of tracks, many of them expertly crafted to fit a specific mood or scenario, with many original compositions and some inspired by classical pieces.More people should play Creepy Castle. It really does deserve more attention than it's received so far."
,Recommended,450440,33884720,Posted: 29 July,all,Captain Garbage of the USS Trash,"I think, as a goofy metroid-vania sort of game, it's really good. There's a lot of fun to be had in the duel system where you get some sort of mid fight gimmick. That being said, I picked this game up for the wrong reasons, thinking it was going to be a little more like Undertale. It's got some great moments and was clearly made with a lot of love, so I'm giving the thumbs up, but walking into this expecting something like Undertale caused it to leave a bad taste in my mouth. That's a problem with my expectations, though, not with the game. Take it for what it's worth (which is not a lot).,"
