user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043962105,Recommended,451640,22580604,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LumberingCrane,"Note: Disregard play time as I bought this game much earlier during it's beta phase and finished it then. I just wanted to review this game as soon as possible, so here we are.This is a cute little visual novel with puzzle mini-games and stat-raising as the gameplay. Puzzles were definitely fun for a time, but I admit it got a bit repetitive down the line. If puzzles aren't your thing, I remember the option for disabling it during the beta, so plus points to this game for catering to the varying tastes of the audience.  The writing was well done as well (I can't say anything more specific as I don't want to spoil any detail of the story) and I ended up liking all the characters shown on screen, which is always a good thing. As for the routes, I really can't say as frankly I bought this game for full price, twice (once during the beta, and then here on steam), solely for the yuri route. That particular route is very adorable in my opinion, so I left the game pretty satisfied with my overall experience.Tl;dr : Spent $40 for this game solely for the yuri. No regrets."
,Recommended,451640,22621969,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Naruchin ☆,"This is GREAT, I'm so happy to finally have it in my hands after lurking the development on Tumblr!The writing is amazing. Period. I enjoyed every exchange, enjoyed the little bits of French and Flemish, enjoyed how the characters existed outside of what Mel saw. The cast is truly diverse and the romance was so well done, I was squealing half of the time. The setting is also so well done! Kudos, kudos, kudos <3Now for the routes... they are all so great I have to cherrypick an order. Kyler is just my type, tsun tsun, so I'm biased towards him. Hendrik is also such a cutie, oh my God. Punny and blabbering all the time? Sign me up for it. And if you're talking about cute, Shoji and Joan are runner-ups. They're similarly sweet and shy, but with Joan it's the language barrier to cause it. And when that goes away <3 Deandre's route was also so good, he positively surprised me because he's genuinely a good person.For those worried about the stat rising, it was very light and super manageable. Nothing to stress about.The minigames are either 1) one similar to sudoku or 2) one similar to blackjack apparently? I was really digging (AH!) the sudoku one then I got a 15x15 grid and I kinda gave up before attempting it. I will! Soon. I liked how they became progressively more difficult. The second minigame is luck based and I'm terribly unlucky, so there you have it XD still enjoyable.The art is very good, those chibis are adorable! And I really enjoyed the quantity of CGs. Although I did... cheat... use a guide found on the WW forums...Bottom line: YAAASSSS! This game reminds me of Roommates for the great writing, adorable cast, cute art and lite stat system. Keep them coming <3"
,Recommended,451640,30523344,Posted: 15 March,all,strayseer,"C14 Dating is a nice, laid-back visual novel about romance and archaeology. (Like, seriously, lots of archaeology.) There isn't much of a plot: you are an American college student going abroad for a 2-month elective at an archaeological site in Belgium. There is little to no conflict, no ""true route"", etc. It's really all about interacting with the people you can date/become friends with, which is why I say it is a laid-back game.Despite the lack of a plot, I would say that most of the game's strengths lie in its writing. The cast, which is pretty diverse--some characters have disabilities, as well as different sexualities and body types--is very loveable, and though some of them could be linked to certain dating sim tropes, they are well-rounded and not restricted to cliches. Interactions between characters and the MC are cute, and rather than a 'good end' and a 'bad end', each character has a 'romance end' and a 'friendship end'both of which made me smile like an idiot. Even if you fail to befriend anyone, nothing bad happens. It's just a game that exhales niceness all around. On another positive note, the music is fairly nice and the art is usually well-done, although some CGs look a little awkward (Deandre, particularly, looks smaller and thinner in his CGs than in his sprites; and there are some issues with facial angles).On the other hand... I was somewhat disappointed in the stat-raising system. I've played very few VNs based on stats, but they would usually require some balance (you would eventually need all stats to be at a certain level, which requires a strategy to juggle all possible activities in order to keep that balance). This doesn't happen in C14. If you want to get into a character's route, you just need to spam the hell out of one option and follow them to the cave or lab whenever you can, save for a few exceptions (the game never tells you where Joan is and there is one event of Shoji's that takes place when he was supposed to be at the cave, yet he turns out to be at the lab for... some reason). While this may make the game easier for those who don't like stats to begin with, it makes the whole system feel dispensable. It really only plays a significant part (in which you need to somewhat balance your stats and choices) to get the Group Photo CG and the Best Alone End. The minigames are entertaining at first, but quickly become tedious. Last but not least, this is the VN with the least intuitive choices I've ever played since Amnesia. There are occasions in which all choices available feel ""neutral"", and others in which a choice causes an effect opposite to what you would've imagined (this happened a lot in Kyler's route, particularly).All in all, I still enjoyed the game due to its characters and to how well some themes were handled (long-distance relationships, language barriers, friendship ends, and ESPECIALLY the asexual character route). I recommend it if you want a wholesome slice-of-life dating sim experience with little to no negativity and decent diversity. I do not recommend it if you're into dark, complex themes and/or very averse to stat-raising... or to using a guide. Because trust me, you'll probably need one."
76561198158309410,Recommended,451640,24570588,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"I enjoyed this game and that is enough to give it a thumbs up, although for every little thing this game does right, there is a thing it does wrong.Song in the Main Menu is great. Whenever I opened the game, I stopped for a little bit to listen to it, butmusic in the game is super generic and annoying.I like the way that romancable characters look. They aren't just your standard otome pretty boys. They have different body types and they have their limitations. On the other hand,their personalities are super cliche. You have your intelligent, cold and distant boy, that turns out to have a golden heart, you have easygoing sportsman and shy but kind nerd. Cliches aren't necessary a bad thing, as long as you can do something new and original with them or around them, but sadly, it's not the case.I like the fact thatit's all about friendship. I hate when otome games, especially those sets in modern times, force you to focus on one particular character and, from the very beginning makes you know that romance is your main goal. Even if there are friendship endings, they usually feel like bad ends. Not here. I really liked how Melissa is getting along with people around her and how she gets to know them better. On the other hand,romance is poorly done. This is a problem with many Winter Wolves games - it just came out of nowhere. Yes, I've made Melissa and Kyler getting along, yes, they have few cute scenes, that could point to to the fact, that they are developing crush on each other, but they spent so little time together (lack of scenes), that it doesn't feel emotional when she screams ""I love you!"" at the end. Like... when? How that happened?Mini games seems like a step in the right direction. There are way too many of them (it felt like there were more lengthy minigames that actual meetings with characters that are interesting to you), sure. The lab one is partially based on luck, which seems pointless, but the cave one is challenging and pretty fun (if you want to play something like that and not, you know, focus on plot). Still, you have option to skip them and despite all the negative stuff I've just said, I can imagine it being a nice addition, if it will be done better in the future.Stat raising, though, is annoying and pointless. Really. There is absolutely no reason why there need to be stats at all, especially, since you don't need to keep tracks of two stats, like in ""Nicole"" for example, but  only one. Want to date Kyler? Spam ""study"". Prefer Shoji? Spam ""play games"". What's the point of doing that, when you could chose particular paths or scores points with characters just by making choices within the plot? And there are choices like that here, so... Once again, why are we raising stats? For some extra endings, that also could be acquired my making right decisions?"
,Recommended,451640,22843092,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Octobig,"C14 Datingis a very cute dating game with an archaeology theme, something that I have not yet seen before. It has some stat raising mechanics, mini games, and a very diverse cast of characters to befriend and romance.You are Melissa, 3rd year anthropology student on an archaeology summer course/internship in Belgium. Your fellow classmate couldn't make it on the trip, and so it's just you and your professor from California. That means you have to overcome language barriers, cultural differences & other boundaries to become friendly with the other students -- but at least there's camping, s'mores, and lots of cute guys and girls around!Pros+ Its theme, centered around archaeology & geology+ The characters' diversity (disabilities, different body types, etc)+ Pretty artwork+ The ability to turn off the mini games & change the font+ Lots of save slotsCons- The mini gamescanget tedious, but you can disable them- Some of the luck-based mechanics for the games & stat raisingIt's obvious that the writers of this game knew a lot about archaeology, and I learned a lot as well! It's an interesting theme to which the mini games add some extra fun. The games themselves are light (one sudoku-like game & one luck/guessing game), as is the stat raising (you create a weekly schedule with activities that raise certain stats). Its overall atmosphere is very summer camp-like: sleeping in tents, cooking together, partying & setting up a festival.Next to its archaeology-focus, the best part for me is the incredibly varied & diverse cast. You've got four guys and one gal on a ""secret"" route:Kyler, aloof neighbourhood tsundere with a cochlear implantDeandre, friendly & easygoing rugby playerHendrik, pun-loving geologist with a prosthetic armShoji, shy & chubby gamer with an artistic talentJoan, French flutist struggling with communicating in EnglishAnd I really loved all of them!! They are vibrant characters whose background is expanded upon in their own route, in other people's routes, and during location/random events (either when you're working in the lab or in the cave). Most of them are also from different countries & speak different languages. It's such a varied and cute bunch of people all connected to archaeology in some way, and all trying to help out Melissa, the protagonist.Would 100% recommend this if you're looking for a cute, diverse dating/otome game that doesn't have a standard story or theme. I thought it was a great experience :)"
,Recommended,451640,24023735,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Errapel,"C14 dating is probably one of Winterwolves' best dating sims. And I've enjoyed all their games.You are Melissa, a university archaeology student, on a dig site in Belgium. You get to meet a selection of interesting people, and potentially fall in love with them.It's gratifying to see greater diversity, in so many ways: you have a saphic love interest, as well as an ace love interest. The protagonist is Hispanic. There are three disabled characters (protagonist is diabetic, one love interest is deaf, another has a prosthetic arm).Game play is fairly standard for this sort of game, with skill building and socialising with love interests till they're either friends or lovers etc... the game contains two mini games, which are skippable if you don't like puzzles or just want to speed up a second/third/fourth playthrough. Unlike in some earlier games, an effort seems to have been made with each love interest to make them at least somewhat compatible with our protagonist. You have some common ground with everyone and the relationships feel plausible.I'm also impressed at the level of detail and research that went into this game. Speaking as someone who's trained in both geology and archaeology, I can say that I saw no glaring errors.It's also nice to see such effort put into friendship paths, though there are occasions where it feels like you only got onto the friendship path because you failed at the romance path. It's also gratifying that there is an 'alone' ending which is positive (rather than being a lose condition as it is in many dating sims).All in all I can thoroughly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys dating sims. As I said at the start, this is one of Witnerwolves' best games so far."
,Recommended,451640,31795264,Posted: 16 May,all,Ugobananas (Jana),"Really cute otome game that features a lot of diversity in the characters, including sexuality and disability. Not so diverse with race, though.The routes are all really sweet, the humor is fun, and it's very lighthearted - a nice game to play when you just want to zone out and feel good. My only complaint is the price is pretty high for the content it offers - I'd grab it on sale."
76561198151755605,Recommended,451640,32961570,Posted: 28 June,all,KeiMaxwell,"I really fell in love with this game. The characters are all unique and likeable. The story is not deep, but to be honest I think that's a nice change from visual novels/dating sims that spend too much time with overdone drama. It's also so much more realistic that way. Love the diversity and the humor.At times I got a little frustrated with the lab minigame, but I think it's nice to have them in the game istead of ""only"" having choice options. (And you can turn the minigames off!)If you're looking for a light-hearted, sweet dating game that's just a little different, this might just be the game for you!"
76561198054798264,Recommended,451640,23841864,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Artemis908,"Writing is very well done and storyline is interesting. It's a long game, which I liked, however it's not as ""easy"" or ""intuitive"" as some other games I have played to get to the ""romance"" ending. My first playthrough was about 3 hours and I never got to romance, just became friends. But overall I enjoyed the game, mini games were a little hard but the good thing is you can turn them off if you want."
,Recommended,451640,25959425,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,alisvolatile,"I played this when my area lost power during Hurricane Matthew and I'm so glad I did! This is a DELIGHTFUL game, and I loved every minute of it. Super inclusive and cute, and the mini games are addicting. Definitely get it (and make sure to play Deandre's route ❤❤❤!)"
76561198069159152,Recommended,451640,30515823,Posted: 14 March,all,wrb41977,"This visual novel is a very interesting experience. First, the title C14 Dating is short for Carbon 14 Dating, the method by which one determines the age of remains found in soil layers. As a site where Neandertal camped, the cave they are excavating needs the use of such methods. Yes, this obstensively dating-sim can teach you a lot about archeology. The games are fun (and actually unlock a bunch of descriptions that serve to teach you about such concepts).The potential friends/love interests are all unique and have good stories behind them. Some obstacles to overcome with individual interests are the language barrier, social anxiety, and grades. The protagonist also has Type-1 Diabetes, something that plays a prominent role in one of the unavoidable events.I have yet to be disappointed by a Winter Wolves-produced game, so I can only recommend this."
,Recommended,451640,30495195,Posted: 13 March,all,Cobalt_Tea☆,"C14 dating is another great game from winter wolves,with one of my personal favorite Vn artist as well!during my first run of the game,i found myself already becoming very fond of all of the characters and the fun mini-games that give you a bit of a break from stat raising and other things.i was glad that i continued to enjoy it just as much after playing my second and third runs- though i will admit,after some time the mini games go from fun to a bit tedious,but there's always the option to skip them for no major penalty that i could notice,so it didn't bother me very much~the art is wonderful and the writing is just as amazing! its full of lighthearted,friendly banter and an interesting yet laid back story that i could easily just wrap myself up in and enjoy.i also didn't expect to learn as much about archaeology as i did playing this game,which was a pleasant surprise~another thing that had me very excited about this game wasthe fact that one of the characters is Ace~! it's pretty rare for me to find asexual characters in dating sim type games,so whenever i find them it always makes my day~  especially so in this game,because of the character,how it was handled and the pun that went along with it,haha~All in all this game is a lot of fun,and probably my favorite winter wolves game to date."
,Recommended,451640,33071489,Posted: 1 July,all,Kayluhh08,"So far I've done 3/5 routes and I would recommend in a heart beat, the puzzles get a bit frustrating and I admit on my replays I started skipping the really long ones, but the stories were excellent I felt fulfilled at the end of the routes they were appropriate per each story, I like how a lot of the characters have a 'disability' it makes it more relatable and opens it up for more people to undertsand and relate to the characters, I will say Hendriks twistasexualthrough me for a loop its the 2nd time in a game that I've ran into it and I dont really lke it, but I guess it just adds more diversity and people can relate to it,  Im not hating on it ust always leaves me uneasy maybe because I can't undertand it."
76561198027316824,Recommended,451640,25134111,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Minoushje,"It's an adorable dating sim/visual novel. I love that the characters aren't perfect (I won't reveal anything though...). There are plenty of dating sims in which the characters are almost too perfect, which I find very frustrating.I also love that it takes place in Belgium and that they added Dutch and French sentences (seeing as that is the first language for most of the characters). But that's probable because I am Dutch (and can understand the tiniest bit of French) and so I actually understand what is written.Also like the mini-games, that makes it more than just a read-and-click game. Though admitting they do get a bit boring after playing them again and again and again, if you play (like me) the same game for several hours in a row, since there are only two mini-games. On the plus side, they do require me to actually use my brain during this game.Love the music (which is not so strange, since it's from the Leetstreet Boys and I also like their music in Roommates) and even my mother (who normally kind of hates the sounds from my games) said it wasn't so bad to listen to. Enough variety to make sure it won't get boring eventually.It's cute (innocent, if you like) and yet there are plenty of puns which made me smile. Overall, I'd say one of the better dating sim games I played."
76561198051001713,Recommended,451640,28726107,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LocalCaitortot,"Was I expecting to learn more about archaeology from a dating sim? No, but here we are.I'm a college student who dabbles in geology, Deaf studies, and swing dancing so I'm pretty close to the exact target demographic for this game. The play time can be a little short if you don't play the puzzles, but it's totally worth playing! Seeing the different fixed events from different perspectives every playthrough is really fun. The characters feel really natural, unique, and sweet. Tons of the experiences that Melissa has in-game felt similar to my own study abroad experiences. I especially appreciate seeing a Deaf romanceable character (with accurate Deaf culture and sign language info) and a sweet, pudgy little guy who isn't necessarily conventionally attractive. My only regret is that I didn't buy the game sooner."
76561198119797115,Not Recommended,451640,22637219,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,aninavp,"Really lengthy, keep in mind if that's your thing. Way too easy to build bond with Joan which might be interfering with other routes, and I couldn't even romance her (I realize it's possible but my bond with her was almost as high as I think it could get. And why not Chantal? That seems random). I've played through twice now (second time trying to pursue Kyler, choosing every opportunity to work with him and making sure to choose the answers than increase bond) and I've gotten the friendship ending both times. Also, the minigames will take probably almost half the time you're playing, so keep that in mind. I don't know... For over $20 (CAD) this was a big dissapointment. Maybe a guide will come out, then once the endings are more accessible it'll be worth while. Also, it's really annoying that there's NO info on the characters before buying. I took a risk because the designs were promising, but I usually never buy anything without knowing I like the characters. Unless you like ShyDude™, TsundereDude™, GenericDudes™, and GenericButCuteGirlThatBreaksLesbianHeartsEverywhere™ the characters are pretty boring save for some unique physical qualities (Deaf/Cochlear implant, prosthetic arm, chubby). Sorry for the bad review, but I've been playing this for 7 hours and I'm not the least bit satisfied."
76561198284052959,Recommended,451640,26737674,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,yumikurilover,I love this  game it so fun    but need freaking    walk torught   which cant get any where   iguss gonna figure my shelf but still fun a  great game but    peoepl  could help that would begreat  sorry  I have learing disbtyils
76561198077786973,Recommended,451640,23738529,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bluefenn,"A very sweet and lighthearted otome! The art is gorgeous, the setting is interesting, and the characters are all very likeable. There's pretty much no drama or angst, instead just going for a simple relaxed atmosphere. The worst thing about the game is just that the minigames could be kinda tedious after a while, but given that you have the option to skip them without it affecting your game was very appreciated. And personally, my favorite route was Deandre; he was just such a sweetheart!I would defintely recommend this to anyone who enjoys otome games."
,Recommended,451640,31540586,Posted: 4 May,all,Schervonne,"I've been playing this game for quite a while and I really enjoyed it.The idea is creative and I never played as protaganist who has illness (in other otome games...is there any?) and have love interest who have different illness. Not everyone is perfect. Fresh new idea. ;-)The artstyles are cute and great. The characters and backgrounds are polished. The love interest : Joan, Hendrik, Kyler, Shoji and Deandre (my favorite - you don't need to know ... i'm just gonna write it here...) have their own story and they give you a lot of reason WHY YOU SHOULD LOVE THEM.However, it's kinda short. I want to read more.Do you guys plan to make a sequel just like you did with Always Remember Me? If you do, SIGN ME UP.Enough said, get this game if you're an otome game enthusiasts like me."
,Recommended,451640,34645622,Posted: 31 August,all,Farryn,"A brightly colored, personable, fun game. All of the characters were relatable and despite initially playing only for the lesbian sub-route, I found myself exploring some of the guy's as well.The minigames were a lot of fun and I regularly return to my saves to go through them again.Score: 8/10Definitely worth the cost if you're mainly looking to romance boys or play some nice minigames."
76561198183911535,Recommended,451640,34700906,Posted: 2 September,all,ekisner,"All of the characters had more backstory than a lot of dating sims. The mini games are challenging but fun. The romances are some of my favorites in the genre. And, the amount of actual archaeology information you learn through the game is surprising.HIGHLY recommended!"
76561198200489242,Recommended,451640,34705026,Posted: 3 September,all,Lilyheart,"This game is really nice, and the characters are really cool. I love all the different routes you can take, and it has a nice story to each route."
76561198210290865,Recommended,451640,35117786,Posted: 21 September,all,LadyGargouille,"Love this game! Kyler and Shoji are my favorite, I like Deandre too. I love the archeaology mixed in and I think its great that they have people with disabilities and stuff. I think this game is just amazing for breaking out of the norm, thats why I love it. Look forward to more like this I hope!"
