user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198064320788,Recommended,451780,28285808,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Azurean,"Thiss game is a mess, and as such is really hard to judge. It tries a lot of new things, but fails at many of them. If I had to analyse it coldly and rationally, I would consider it a bad game. But I had so much fun that I have to recommend it.The concept of the game is very interesting : it's a giant boss fight and not much else. There are a few mooks here and there but they all get one-shot easily. And contrary to other RPGs, the boss isn't waiting in his castle until you've grinded enough EXP to defeat him. He's at the doors of your castle, killing your civilians, and you're sending your Overlords (classic anime girls) to slowly deplete his 1 trillion HP bar.Despite its colorful cute anime graphics, the game explores extremely dark themes : despair, primal fear against a seemingly unstoppable predator, grasping at straws using the little time you have to train your Overlords and bond with them,  knowing that most of them will die before Trillion does - if he does at all. All this is well conveyed, and it's been a while since a game made me care so much about a character's death on an emotional level.The story, visuals, music and writing are top-notch, with a very Disgaea-ish vibe (makes sense since it has some of the Disgaea staff). But it brings the usual Disgaea flaw in gigantic proportions : game balance is an atrocious mess. You allocate your EXP points in tons of different stats, passive skills, active skills, and most of them are useless, which you won't know until you've tried it and sent your Overlord to the death for nothing. You want a tanky biuld with high DEF and RES ? You'll get one-shot anyway. You want a magic build ? Useless, especially end-game (for reasons I won't spoil). It's Speed + Attack build or nothing, and since some Overlords have low base attack and high base magic they start at a huge disadvantage. On the other end, you can win much earlier than you're supposed to by combining some game-breakingly good passive skills. And why wouldn't you, when the life of characters you like is at stake ?As a conclusion, I recommend this game, I enjoyed it a lot but it leaves a sour aftertaste to think how much better it could have been with some more polish on the game mechanics."
76561197997216557,Recommended,451780,33041932,Posted: 30 June,all,Ketchi,"Chances are that you're looking at this game because it's developed and published by Idea Factory - the makers of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series.  Well, I'm happy to say that with a great history of success in that series, this game does not disappoint.The majority of complaints about this game are that the characters are somewhat shallow, there's a lot more visual novel than RPG, and it's fairly repetitive.  In all of those regards, this game is actually better than the Hyperdimension Neptunia games.  This is because the characters here are *more* loveable than Neptunia characters, the visual novel side is generally more interesting and dynamic, and the repetitive nature is easily dismissed.This is a standalone game with enjoyable writing and fun characters.  With Idea Factory, that means there's a bunch of different endings implemented just to give it a sense of being your own story, along with a really unique gaming experience.  Narratively, this game is comparable to Dragon Ball Z's alternate universe story where Goku dies to illness before fighting the Androids.  As such, you'll learn to love the characters on a *very* personal level, only with the knowledge that they're going to die soon enough and you won't see their dreams become reality.  You hope dearly that maybe, just maybe, this time you'll beat the boss or trigger an event to have a few more days, but you usually won't.  It is the epitome of morbid despair in gaming, but in a way that doesn't make you feel bad.  Eventually you'll win, but at what cost?"
,Recommended,451780,26613716,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TiGreXtreme,Train New Waifu.Get Attached To Waifu.Send Waifu To Die.Repeat.Most Depressive Decision-Making Game Ever...i cri.  (　；_；)
76561197991250040,Recommended,451780,26549395,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dular,"Do you like typical anime girl tropes, such as the childhood friend, the super genki girl, and tsunderes?  This game is for you.Do you like to knowingly send those same girls off to their deaths, as you hear their last pathetic mewlings as they're being eviscerated, and they sob softly about how they just want to go home, shortly before being decapitated?  This game is for you, and boy howdy is there a lot of that.  Feels like the game was made just for those scenes.I sent my 10 year old exciteable niece off to die, just so I could get some information.  Her cries for her family as she was being stabbed made me realize that I am a monster, and that realistically speaking anime-wise, this is what's supposed to happen when a big bad appears.  Pretty much everyone gets slaughtered, rather the power of friendship saving everyone.That aside, game itself has a world like Disgaea, characters like Neptunia, and gameplay that's vaguely like a Roguelike.  Not a bad concept.The main focus of the game--Trillion, the only boss, has 1 trillion hp.  You'll probably do something like 80 million with each normal attack at the start of the game.  As you get its hp lower, it gets tougher.. REAL tougher.  Tough to the point where I'm sitting on all max stats and it still obliterates me in one attack, making the game into a sort of 'run around and do a poke occasionally' game.Would still suggest it, just for the pathetic mewling."
,Recommended,451780,31007510,Posted: 7 April,all,CannonGerbil,This is a game where you meet wonderful characters and get intimately close to them before you send them to get eaten alive by a relentless force of darkness.10/10 will recommend.
76561198060347805,Recommended,451780,28726349,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Grand Masta Jiggles,The moral of the story is no matter how hard you try you will never be good enough.
,Recommended,451780,28045491,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RegularGamer,"Alright, time to get the last level of the steam awards badgeTL;DR: watching your waifus die and it's completely your own fault for not being good enough at the gameSo, Trillion, what an emotional rollercoaster this game is. You are the great overlord of the underworld: Zeabolos. Suddenly an unknown enemy appears at the gates of the underworld, bad stuff happens, and now you have to train the overlords to defeat said enemy.This enemy is none other than Trillion, the god of destruction. True to its name, it has 1.000.000.000.000 health. Trillion will be asleep for several cycles (weeks), and during that time you train an overlord, and more importantly, you get attached to this overlord. When Trillion awakens, you send this overlord to fight Trillion and you'll probably lose if this is one of your first few overlords. This overlord then dies a very painful death which you get to hear every bit of. This overlord is then gone permanently, and Trillion advances a bit further through the underworld. This goes on until you run out of overlords, Trillion reaches the end of the underworld, or you manage to defeat Trillion.The best part of this game is definitely the story. The actual gameplay is mediocre and mostly boils down to getting the right passive skills (final sprint, ambush, ace). So if you buy this game, buy it for the story/waifus/tears."
76561198021535402,Recommended,451780,28651467,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Waves_Blade,"All I have to say is...The first overlord you spend hours training, hearing them getting stabbed to death, hearing them cry, and then hearing them getting eaten alive, is a horrifying thing.You will feel the feels...You will feel sad, maybe cry a little.Then...You will feel the fire...You will learn from the first defeat...You will begin training the next overlord far better than the first...You will thirst for, and seek vengence...I'm only 7~ hours into this game, but I WILL see it through to the end just to see that beast die."
,Recommended,451780,33902618,Posted: 30 July,all,.hazu,"I didn't expect a mindblowing game like this from Idea Factory & Compile Hearts but here it is, and i really love it !!Apparently i didn't get the true ending, doesn't matter, i would love to play this game all over again.Pro(s) :+ Twisted yet lovely story.+ The game pace is really enjoyable.+ BGM nailed it.+ Remappable controls.+ Multiple endings.+ New game++ Unique theme and mix of genres.+ Tons of cute anime gril.Con(s) :- Tutorial sucks, and often tell things late.- Lacks level design and world building.- Lacks variety of skill.- Translation sucks sometimes.- OP boss, normal mobs is really underpowered.Really disappointed with the tutorial, it tells important things so late that you already got beaten once or twice. You'll end up screwed in your first playtrough because of it.The level design and world building is so poor, like, whenever you get a chance to spar with other character, you'll fight in the same area as the dungeon instead of the Training ground or something.Every playable character have the same damn skill, it would be nice to add 1 or 2 special skill for each character.Trillion is just too OP, there's no way you could withstand it's attack once your affection point dropped to zero, affection point is really hard to build too. Even though the main idea is to avoid it's attack but it's just sucks when you took just 1 wrong move and you're dead. As for the normal mobs, it'll 90% die 1 hit by your basic attack.I still love this game nonetheless, it tries a lot of new things. Some people like it, the others don't. I really love the unique mix of SRPG, Raising simulator, and Visual Novel. It turns out really good. Also i feel nostalgic with the Action Oriented & Dual-Turn battle system, it reminds me a lot of Chocobo Dungeon in PSXi feel so old, yay.Ignore those negative reviews that says there's too much text in this game, this is what you get if you play anime themed game, also they made a fast forward / skip feature for a reason.Anyway, i really recommend this game, it's been too long since i've played a lovely game like this.9/10."
76561198059136524,Recommended,451780,29289326,Posted: 15 January,all,Mantis660,"- There's no way I can win without some losses, so I should choose the most expendable person.I hate the idea of an envious and jealous woman, so I'll pick her.- *Two battles later* You're doing much better than I expected Levia!But, why are you making me care about you...- *One battle later* Nooooooooo!  Levia!I take back what I said, why couldn't I save you.(i - i)- Okay, there is no way I can send my adorable niece out to die, so you're next red-head.- *Two battles later* Mammon, you kicked butt!At this rate, you might not have to die!- *One battle later* Mammoooon, nooooo!Why.  If only you were faster.  If only I had more time.(i - i)- Perpell, uncle doesn't think you can win this one.Do your best to hurt Trillion as much as possible.- *One battle later* Nooooo! Perpell!  Why didn't I give you that upgrade!You could have won, but your uncle was stingy.  I didn't know... I didn't know.Forgive me, Perpell.(i - i)10/10 Would cry again."
,Recommended,451780,29637815,Posted: 1 February,all,coolRONz,"Being a big Compile Heart and Idea Factory fan, I knew I'd like this one. To me its your typical jRPG, but the controls and battle system is a little off from what I am used to. I love the visual novel concept and story telling, but in Trillion its a little too much, seemed extra long befor I was able to go into battle, a lot more than normal to me. Although the characters are cute and funny, there is a little more squabbling and drama than what I personally can handle. It sort of had a Trump vs. Clinton tone to it. I am enjoying the game and do like it, but I reserve to say only after you played  Mugan Soul Z and Fairy Fencer, money much better spent in my opinion. Complie Heart has a great formula in their controls for most of their games, I am a little confused why they changed it up with this one. Not to say its hard to learn, took a little while for me to get used to thats all. Or maybe its because of it being a strategy, could be me too."
,Recommended,451780,28412014,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mr.Ownage [FTW],"I guess I am late a bit to this but better late than never, right? Moderate spoilers ahead.While I am not one that has played too many VN-s, dating/raising sims or other IF games (only Megatagmension Blanc) I have read lots about the former and played the already mentioned game by the same company. Yes, from a change of Megatagmension (which I won't spoil) to this game, but I knew in advance it was going to be good. And yes it is.I actually was on the lookout every few days or so for this game's webpage whether it will get a PC port as it was Vita only so far, but I am so glad it finally came true!...Ehem. Onto the chase now. Trillion is a strategy game in which you must raise your Overlords to fight a colossal enemy approprieatly named Trillion, who has, quite literally a trillion HP points. No kidding with this one. If there is something that can ease your mind however is that you also deal ridiculous points of damage, even in the beginning 500k with normal attacks.Gameplay-wise Trillion delivers but not as much as story-wise (will go on to that soon) but it's still pretty good. You select an Overlord to train with, you will have practice fights before the big boss himself (who is actually the only real boss in this game) in a huge arena, where gameplay is turn-based so there is no pressure. To balance out the odds, you can get extra turns when you defeat summoned minions, get skills which can move you around on the field, and, should it not go the way it should, unleash a final death skill. Yes, your Overlords can and will be defeated, and here it is permadeath : the story simply continues on, and, my Zeabolos.......the story is simply amazing. The character development, the dialogue, the circumstances, the occassional hopelessness feeling... oh, and also the Overlords personalify (that's a word now) each of the seven deadly sins, for example, the sin of Sloth or Envy but you can read them up, and yes, you can actually see the characters exhibiting these traits leading to some humourous situations often, but I don't wanna spoil the story more. You gotta see it for yourself.Now, Trillion isn't really a perfect strategy game gameplay-wise. In each battle there is a line which, if crossed by Trillion the battle will end instantly (as if you've retreated), and you get that ""luxury"" 3 times with each Overlords (retreat too), 4th time it happens you will be wiped out instantly. This frustated me a lot but I guess there had to be a time limit otherwise you can just poke at Trillion and wipe him out sometime at low levels. The Valley of Swords where you fight minions was quite enjoyable for me too, but some people might not dig the way the game handles the training : you just select an action every day : training, interact (a MUST if you go for good runs), valley, rest and so on. Valley doesn't take off a day however.Affection points are very important and gained through giving gifts (you get them from a machine with tokens, 1 token per day) and interacting with the Overlords. Often you get events which give you a MASSIVE affection point boost (can be as much as 10,000k!) which are very important as affection points are basically MP and HP during battle. Oh, MP is very low if you don't get a lot of affection points, and evasion is the name of the game as getting hit by any of Trillion's attacks will either instakill you at low levels or deplete all your affection (which makes retreat unavailable).Maybe this section will help getting a better understanding of what you are going to get with this gem :Pros :-Amazing storytelling, very lovely characters, and a few cool ones.-Very nice soundtrack which only helps with the ""atmosphere"" so to speak.-Sometimes good plot twists which add to the experience.Neutral (things I liked but may not fare well with others) :-The menu management system that includes training and so on.-Valley of Swords is interesting to do from time to time and getting quick EXP.-Heartbreaking moments, there are quite a lot of them and if you have emotions you WILL shed a tear or two :)-Interesting Trillion battle mechanics (for me at least).Cons :-Quite ironically thereisn't much to be said about fighting Trillion. The battles will be the same with all Overlords, expect end-game Overlords like Fegor who begins with a very good passive (multi-attack) or Ashmedia beginning off with high levels of INT. The battles are repetetive, and you can use the same strats on the same form no matter what. Oh yes, he has forms too but apart from last one the first 2 don't differ too much from each other-VERY noticeable lack of variety.Literally the only sane strategy against Trillion is to use Final Sprint (decreases your stats initially but multiplies them eventually) and Solid Mind (increases attack (physical) as long as you don't move (skills don't count as movement) and using movement skills to deal damage. Really there isn't any other way as first and final forms will get to the line very early if you don't use this, and it's obvious what happens thenThere is literally no point to play a tank (most attacks will 2-3 hit kill you at best anyway), mage (passives don't boost INT andfinal form is immune to a skill after using one on it which makes mages useless, only maybe hit and run or ""assassin"" build.-There are no INT raising passive skills at all and there are some very useless passives (taunt, makes enemy close in in shortest route, don't they do that already?)-Too many random events (there will be really many!)... I mean how often they happen, not their type. Sometimes you might get the same random event two times in a row! And random events (like the clock one) can give a LOT of XP which might be detreminal to the upcoming fight. Also they might fail so some may resort to ""save-scumming"" (saving and loading till you get a favourable event) to remedy this.Phew! As for the final rating :Gameplay-wise : 5/10Story-wise : 10/10Overall : 7,5/10I recommend to give this game a go, it will be worth your time but the gameplay flaws might be a turn-off (slightly was for me at least.) along with the lots of random events/randomly working skills (Parry for example) but just for the feels and story there is no reason NOT to pick this up."
76561198079061265,Recommended,451780,28183449,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ashcroft,"This game is like a Game of Thrones of animegames. You getting closer to each girl (or dog), know them better and better event make a little bond with them and then... you watch them dying horrible death again and again being cut, pierced and eaten alive by an insatiable creature with fckin 100000000000 Health Point! But you keep trying because this ugly ♥♥♥♥er really needs to die!. Overall this sRPG / VN / Dating-sim it's great game if you like well-written characters and don't mind little (or more than little) grinding."
,Recommended,451780,26561710,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Labrynthus,"Alright, now here's a game with a pretty sweet concept.You're the head of the underworld when all of the sudden a colossal world-eating beast known as Trillion invades your kingdom and threatens to destroy everything with its whopping 1,000,000,000,000 hp (wow i wonder why they call it Trillion)It's up to you, the player, to raise a herione from a select group of your friends (and potential lovers, wink wink nudge nudge) to slay the mighty beast with damage numbers that are unbelievably ludicrous.It uses a dungeon crawling element to help train them for the fight against Trillion. (It's a pretty fun name to say)Unfortunately, this is where the heart-breaking quality of the game sets in. Should your lovely lady friend meet her end at the hands of Trillion-- It's over for them, for good. They get consumed by Trillion in a rather grotesque manner... While you listen helplessly to their bones being broken and their bodies torn apart.Decisions matter in this game, and if you make the wrong ones, you get punished hard.You lose all items your heroine had equipped if they get devoured, with the only positive being a fraction of their EXP being transferred to a new heroine. The negatives include lack of items and the added extreme paranoia from being afraid that you'll mess up again and get this new girl eaten in much the same way.As for the technical aspect, the port is rather nice, coming from the PS VITA to PC makes it run quite smoother. However, the glaring issue is some backwards controller mapping and keyboard mapping. There isnt any PS4 controller support, and its reported that keyboard controls are a little janky, but I'm using an 360 Controller and its working just fine for me, so if you have one of those you're golden.Overall, Trillion is a pretty fresh concept (to me, atleast) that provides a gameplay somewhat reminiscent of half minute hero with the patented ''Countdown timer until the world is destroyed'' clock looming over your head, and pressure from potentially losing your waifu to a giant hungry god hellbent (heh) on eating, well, Hell.For it's price I believe its worth the look into it, but noone will blame you if you wait for a sale (The one going on now is 40% off, so hey, now might be a good time)I give it a 8/10 overall, and a super biased 10/10 if we're rating it solely by the soundtrack (Which comes with the deluxe edition, juuuust sayyyin')"
,Recommended,451780,28650292,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Workers,"well, lets talk about this game.GoodcharactersEvery character have own charisma, items  they like(gifts), Starting skills, events (everyone like hot springs events, right?)songslike in neptunia, unique song for fighting trillion,for funny moments, ""serious moment""gameplayyou need to train your overlords  and increasing stats: Attack,Defence for phys. and mag. damage, Speed(most useful stat),CAP for own army of 4 piggies (which almost uselles)  and learning new passive/active skills. like most powerful passive final sprint ""decrease stats but get +2% each turn""   and uselles like ""your attack crit or miss"".badthe most horrible thing... low amount of this gameplay. what you gonnado all timetrain>valley of swords(random generated dungeon with monsters and loot)>sleep >talk with overlord >mokujin >repeat until you fight trillion.and if you want complete game for true end...you gonna complete game>start ng+ > just spam ""talk"">  fight mokujin for experience>attack trillion >die >repeat with new character. It's so BOOORINGif player could do more stuff rather talking,fighting mokujin/trillion,clearing valley game could be  10/10------------------------------------rating for this game 8/10."
76561197970718210,Recommended,451780,30694454,Posted: 23 March,all,OneSan,"Princess Maker meets Disgaea.This game can sting.  You will train these girls.  You will learn their likes and dislikes.  You will grow fond of them.  And you will send then to die, one by one.But when you finally bring Trillion crashing down, it will put a smile on your face.On a more practical note, the characters and story are very good.  The gameplay is pretty unbalanced though.  Some stats and skills are effectively worthless, and if you don't spot these sooner rather than later, you will really struggle come the end game.  Also there were some stability issues.  No autosave, so save early and often.It was fun.  I enjoyed it."
76561198030285367,Not Recommended,451780,29158846,Posted: 10 January,all,TrailBlazer,"I really want to recommend Trillion, I really do; but there's too many things that I didn't like about it. I mean I liked the game enough to get the truet ending and most of the achievements, but going through the game constantly is what made me realize that over time, I didn't like it as much as I thought I did.My biggest issue is actually Mokujin. I feel as though the ONLY way to beat Trillion is through a simple method: overkill Mokujin with as much damage as possible. I learned of this and restarted, as my first playthrough got me to about halfway through Trillions' hp before struggling to keep up with training to teach the next Overlord new skills (granted I could have save scummed with more knowledge on what to do). Not to mention, overkilling Mokujin is litterally the fastest and best way to obtain experience; and you gain so much that the actually fight against Trillion is trivial at best.The characters to me are generally good. I did end up liking most of them, and I honestly did feel bad on some of them dying. However, the amount of characters to me makes it feel like a cop-out answer to allowing so many chapters; and made it harder for me to begin to actually care for three. ESPECIALLY since only by allowing everyone to die, do you actually learn Fausts' motives.The gameplay itself is decent, and I did like navigating the grid with timing the attacks of Trillion to weave in and out of combat. Personally I wish the animations weren't so static, but I can understand how animating special moves for multiple characters can be annoying.All in all I enjoyed Trillion: God of Destruction to an extent, and I find it hard to actually recommend this game to anyone. If you're interested in this game, I would advise you to watch some form of playthrough to see if its your kind of Visual Novel."
,Recommended,451780,26602977,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,r.gilgamesh,"This game is great. I havent even finished it yet, but I love it.Pros:+ Great story+ Interesting characters+ Good gameplay+ HeartbreakingCons:- Some jingles soon start to get repetitive.- Your first go will be very tough.- Combat is a little weird at times.- Heartbreaking!All in all, if you enjoy monster raising kinds of games, like Monster Rancher for example, I'd give this one a shot."
76561198160868511,Recommended,451780,31329852,Posted: 23 April,all,Strayed Lynx,"A great strategy game,with masterfully crafted mechanics,crazy special moves,endearing artstyle,good graphics and visual novel style story telling."
76561198063522281,Recommended,451780,29370727,Posted: 19 January,all,Ravoria,"There's plenty wrong with this, but it undeniably works and it's actually pretty cool. The story can be summarized as ""Homura and Walpurguisnatch wander into an adorable Dantes Inferno setting with Soul Eater visuals. The gameplay involves training/researching in order to defeat one massive boss that runs on positioning-based combat. Emphasis on research, in the literal sense; there are a ton of skills to learn on your character and the game is mainly about figuring the boss out well enough to prioritize the right ones. Quite fun if you like theorycrafting.Two related details that people should know going in:-There's a passive that increases your damage each turn if you don't move. Mobility skills don't reset this, so with a complement on low-cost mobility moves you can zoom around with permanent triple damage.-There's another passive that boosts your stats but makes them decay each turn. This one is a trap, it's pretty easy to see why, but if you grab it you can never get rid of it, and this made one of my characters irredemably useless.All in all, I found Trillion a neat experience. If the core premise seems appealing give it a shot."
76561198054365658,Not Recommended,451780,33711208,Posted: 21 July,all,LoKiLuKo,"I've played 35 hours and seen all the content including the true ending; It wasn't worth it.This game has some charm, and the overall theme is interesting, but it doesn't stay charming 20+ hours in. I would have been able to forgive a lot more if they had put some effort into the dialogue, but it is painfully mediocre.  Only about 3-4 lines had any real impact, the rest were lukewarm at best.The combat seems difficult at first with the 1 trillion hp super boss staring you down from the start, but exploiting a couple of the poorly balanced passive skills and the experiance farming miniboss make everything a joke.  You can literally kill the only manditory enemy in the game with 7 attacks, and if you get a little lucky you can do this on your first run with your first overlord (though save scumming valley of swords for the right seals is super tedious.)I would only reccomend this game when on sale 75% off, and even then don't bother trying for the true ending, it doesnt pay off when compaired to the time investment.  Also turn off training cutscenes and skill animations right away, you'll lose nothing and save a lot of time."
,Recommended,451780,32819778,Posted: 26 June,all,Sulyvahn,Has best girl Fegor being sleepy. 10/10 would listen to sleepy voice again.
,Recommended,451780,28882168,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zero | Gavril,"Trillion is a perfect example of a very interesting concept, great story but flawed execution. I still recomend it tho, and here's why:Trillion is a game where you, the great overlord from the underworld, find yourself, your underlings and your world being threatened by a nearly invulnerable and unreasonable entity (Named Trillion) that seeks to eat the world's core. (In otherwords, destroy your world.)Nothing new here as plenty of JRPGs seem to follow a somewhat similar structure. What this game has different from the others is how powerless the main character (you) are and the fact that you need to strictly depend on your underlings (the seven overlords) to defeat Trillion.Your underlings must train to take your place in the fight against the monster that threatens the very existance of the world, however there's a catch. You can only send one underling at a time, the reason being that they can only survive the miasma surrounding the antagonist if they carry a ring holding your soul.In very simple terms, you're sending one of your best soldiers against a god-like creature. Most of them will not come back alive.You have to do your best to train them so they can chip away the most out of the HP of your enemy before they die.Your characters will die. There's no way around that.This would not be a problem if said characters were expendable boring and lifeless npcs, however here's where the story, or should I say character development, kicks in.The game makes sure to introduce each character and have them interact not only with you but also between each other making it hard for you not to care about them.Every death of a character will be unpleasant, and nearly certain.That is a very interesting concept and a rather refreshing one if you ask me.Now here's where the game shortcomings come into play.The gameplay is generic and menu based, being very limiting and stale which gets boring after a couple of hours, making it hard to power through to watch different endings.Your characters can learn many different skills, but there is little variation between those making choosing a skill a chore instead of a strategic choice.You simply cannot change characters, and at the start of the game you can only pick one of the 3 fixed characters off the character rooster, forcing you to either let them all die so you can get other options, or fight an extremely hard battle to keep them alive if any of those is the one you're interested in keeping alive.In order to try and improve the player's mood after the death of a character the remaining ones will grieve for a very short time and then suddenly have a very jarring change of attitude that seemed rather forced to me.It is understandable that keeping a melancholic and sad ambience in a game can cause some people to walk away from the title, however I feel like the sudden change in pace ruined the impact of each death.By no means I wanted the game to wallow too long over the death of a character, however cracking jokes shortly after one of your friends sacrificed themselves to save the worlds is rather aggravating.The training methods offered by the game consist of either a very forgiving quick time/button mashing event or a random single floor dungeon exploring mini-game, both feel very flat and unimaginative.My experience can be resumed into powering through the very lackluster training/fighting in order to know more about the characters and see their endings.TL/DR; / ConclusionI cannot recommend this for someone wanting to play a JRPG for gameplay, but if you're here for an Interesting VN and you don't mind the clunky mechanics then please do consider picking up Trillion."
76561198042235502,Recommended,451780,26612571,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Twin|Chain,"This game does so well in making their characters likeable. You could be the devil himself (which you kinda are in this game), there will be someone you'll end up liking, someone who you end up growing very attached too, and someone who you will NOT want to see die. The time, effort, and affection you put in raising your favorite character, not to mention the connection you feel with all the NPCs that put their faith in you, will drive you try and kill/murder/destroy/annihilate the big, final boss who is making both your and their lives hell...no pun intended."
,Recommended,451780,29515532,Posted: 26 January,all,Yusa,"this game have have very interesting concept, the gameplay somehow resembling mobile game and visual novel thou when training and increase their intimacy. sadly there is some overrated skill and stuff that if you looking for guides over the internet that skills or items etc will be the same make it kinda less challenging and boring."
76561197996085041,Recommended,451780,26519610,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Edward Elric,"TL: DR – I think the game is worth it, I got it on sale 40% off, but even at 30$ that is just fine for me. I have paid 60$ for games that haven’t given me close to this much enjoyment. If you want an in-depth detail my review is just my opinion and experience on playing the game. Overall great story, art-work, music, characters/personalities just awesome/loveable Homunculus from FMA: Brotherhood with Disgaea humor and Agarest War gameplay. The controls are different make sure you know where you are moving/attacking, and where your camera is facing and prepare to feel.------------------------------------Review Below This Point-------------------------------------So I never played this game before but I'm a huge fan of Agarest War, Disgaea, and VNs. This game seems to be a good match up of all those. I don't know anything specific about who created what (I know people from Disgaea worked on this, and help create the game, but not the specifics).The game feels like it too. It sounds and looks beautiful like Disgaea and Agarest, it plays like a more action oriented version of the first two Agarest War games, which I'm just loving, wish they used this system for Agarest War 2.I'm not too far into the game. Got through the tutorials, and went through the menus. I have had 0 problems. I know one review mentions AMD machines, mine is an AMD machine and the game looks beautiful. Controls for my Xbox One controller are perfect no problem there either. If anything does happen I will edit this review, and post about it in the pinned section of the discussion board.I got really excited when reading the reviews and looking into rather I buy it or not. It seems like the best of the three genres I mentioned before, mixed into a single game. I love the simple idea of a single boss, and no map hopping like Agarest War, easy central hub mechanics like Disgaea. We have a main hub that we conduct from, and enjoy the game. I have to recommend this game to anyone who might like the idea of the games I mentioned before mixing together to create a game that I think is just as good as those if not better then some.Time to re-immerse myself into the game. Hope everyone enjoys it and has no issues, if you do report them in the pinned section of discussions and I wish you the best.Update: About to fight the boss for the first time, and like Agarest War there is a certain ""way"" leveling up wise and playing. That can make this game ridiculous easy. In Agarest War you had the sacrificial lamb tactic, it involved letting 1 character die and then finishing mind numbingly hard bosses in 1 turn with pure speed/atk/int offense. This game suffers the same problem, a good offense is better than everything. (I take this statement back, later I will mention difficulty spikes, I was just steam rolling early nothing more, and the difficulty sat in eventually like Agarest.)Another similarity, but one that probably isn't surprising is you see female character types from Aragrest War appear again. Specifically in great detail is Mammon. Same attitude, back story…….treasure for those Agarest War fans, as Noah. She treasure hunts and even use the funds for the same reason. Again not far in, and have only really got into her story of all the characters, which I assume I will have to play again to get all of it.Overall everything is still going great, I have a report due in like 24-36hrs, yeah bad time to buy this game. 4 hours straight, very tired played from 4-8am should have been sleeping. I want to jump back into it though, fight the boss, run, continue story some more. The game is just amazingly fun, the story, music, gameplay, training, nothing has really given me a negative impression yet. Controls take a second to getting used to, but so did Agarest. They seem to do their control schemes different than most gaming companies I think.2nd Update: Yep, got like 18hrs left to get that stupid paper done, I have to turn my Steam off or I won't stop playing this game. I made it into the 3rd chapter, and I'm purposely going for the bad ending, while I want to see if I can beat it in my first try. I rather get that out of the way now. I can't wait to get to all the endings, the scenes just getting to the start of chapter 3 have been amazing, and I'm sure I only saw about half of them. I never got anyone’s affection above 30-40% because of training, so next play through with good stats I'll be able to delve further into each character. I'm trying to enjoy all the aspects my first play through training, talking, exploring just going at it random. The boss gets easier as you get use to patterns and learn how great being offensive can be.3rd Update: So I've clocked 18 hours into this game now, I'm near the end of chapter 6, and the game is amazing. The only problem with this game is how limited the English voice acting is, the voice acting is beautiful when you get it, but apparently we only got around 40% of the dialogue that Japan got. So my next play through will be using the Japanese voices, which doesn't bother me, but I like hearing my native tongue if the voice acting is casted correctly for immersion purposes, which by Disgaea standards have always had amazing voice actors.The game to me is very heartbreaking if you take games seriously, I love interacting with characters and enjoying the moment with them. So when you know there is literally nothing you can do to prevent the death of one of these people, it hurts. I'm trying to play it my first time as freely as possible, training and interacting as if it were my last time with these people and we had to prepare for death. I will most likely sink many more hours into this game. On the Xbox I had well over 300+ on the first Agarest War, I can see me doing the same here. Can't wait to work my way to true ending, I hope it has some extra boss or another more difficult version after beating it, similar to Boundary Plane in Agarest.4th Update: Well it happen, got the game over screen, and honestly. It was probably the most well deserved game over screens I have ever had. I would give that award to Dark Souls, but GRAVITY doesn't count. I swear that cliff wasn't there.I'm currently going through it again, I got Trillion down to a little under 150 billion first play through. The last form is no joke does some of them awesome Agarest War AoE God level attacks. Obliterating everything but the 2 squares on the opposite end of the screen, time to fly like Mike. Most of my damage was just final strikes for the final form, I never got a set rhythm because of range, and I also rushed it so I didn't get to abuse the training bot, who can't copy the final form I think. The difficulty spikes of Trillion are perfect for the gameplay, nothing extremely crazy like Agarest War, which is why I hope there is more in the true ending battle wise.I agree with not beating it your first time, going to try to really prep myself for this run through and see where I can drop him at. Not sure when I will get all the girls to max affection for story, because I want to beat the boss this play through. I went 50/50 with the training/interaction first play through, which made the game really enjoyable because I got a mix of the training, interaction, and the death scenes. The deaths scenes are strong, having to watch it over a projector that starts getting depression.The Great Overlord really does feel like an adult Laharl also, kind but willing to kill, pluck, and impale stuff. All the characters have their moments, and several of them are defiantly going to stand out. When I restarted the game I heard my First Overlords voice again, it felt so weird and good. I heard the overlords come and go in my first play through so when you get the voice of one that was gone for 20 hours or so it's nice. Japanese voice acting sounds great so far also. :)"
,Recommended,451780,26499484,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ヤンデレお姉さん,"Quite enjoyable, runs well, love the visuals and music, Controller controls aren't the best but still about a 7/10 or 8/10.I like the story so far, but it is quite depressing and sad.I keep thinking and telling myself it won't be sad anymore and I won't cry again.I then realize that yes, it will.P.S. I'm sorry Levia, forgive me."
,Recommended,451780,26482974,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Octahedron,"Trillion: God of Destruction in a summary: Fight a Trillion HP boss, while you have a perma-death system, and training management/dating sim stuff. If Disgaea is familiar, or Hyperdimension Neptunia, this will be great too. Score: 1,000,000,000,000/10. (The game might not be THAT good, but I bought it three times, so that's saying something.)"
76561197987083150,Recommended,451780,30809967,Posted: 29 March,all,ChibiNyan,"I won't go deep in details here, since a lot of other people have already done it. So, I'll just try to add some information :-This game is original but become repetitive quite quickly. And while this game has something like 10 endings, you will probably only play it once (unless you are really into that kind of game, of course).-There are some games that are better when you watch a guide beforehand (looking at you, Neptunia and your stupid grinding, item drop quests and battle system where EXE attacks are far too OP). Trillion is NOT one of them. Play it full blind, and DON'T RELOAD when you make a stupid mistake. I did that, and I regret it. The game becomes more and more interesting the more you understand it by trial and errors, and the more the story goes to ""yeah, let's kill it"" to ""we are all doomed"".Don't worry : while the boss seems almost impossible at first, the game is very generous with you in order to prevent a game over. When I decided to take the true route and saw the stats of the last overlord, I wondered if it was even possible to lose without doing it on purpose."
,Recommended,451780,26606884,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tuxedo,"A really fun game and one of the best ports, IFI has done so far."
,Recommended,451780,28676780,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DodonP,"By design this game have flaws, but for some magical reason I can keep playing this game and have fun with it.And this is coming from someone who is a veteran in playing these type of games and has a really high standard of a good JRPG (inb4 bashing about how bad Tales of Zestiria is).that's saying something that a game is not all about how enchanting the story is or how deep the gameplay is, a good game is also one that can keep you interested and have fun playing it."
,Recommended,451780,29498565,Posted: 26 January,all,Drakk,"This is the most heart-wrenching game I've ever played. And the worst part is that it's not the game or the script's fault, it's YOUR fault, because YOU weren't good enough to defeat Trillion. You got all those cute overlords killed, you monster.10/10."
,Recommended,451780,26552613,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nasthesy,"Waifu Jrpg and excellent time killerI do not regret anything after buying and almost completing it except maybe the choice to pick the characters in the order you do want to, I can just say that it's not available in the first run.What else, we do miss a Wrath Waifu here but all the other one are pretty well fleshed out, I ended up liking even the most unatractive Overlords.The OST is kinda poor, the fight system is basic but ""new"", some voices way too high pitched, my advice is to pass your way if you want to play to a handcrafted masterpiece, but, if however you want to brainlessly lvl up stats and read Waifu lines hoping to get closer to them and taking on the challenge of beating one trillion hp boss, this game is for you.Take it while it's at -40% ."
,Recommended,451780,29047458,Posted: 5 January,all,Dr_Fail,"You and your band of 6 waifus must line up one at a time to fight an old godThings do not go as plannedI'm so sorry, everyone"
,Recommended,451780,30178569,Posted: 25 February,all,Squids have curves,It's basically a  dating-sim with perma-deathEnjoy the crushing sense of guilt when your waifu(s) dies because of your own mistakes.
,Recommended,451780,26532454,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MaBu,"I think I'm in love with this game now.Trillion is sort of a mashup of a dating simulator, visual novel, and dungeon crawler. IMO it is well executed, and the port is top notch in all but one facet. The combat is turn based on a grid, and is relatively simple (I've never played Disagea so I can't make any connections to that game), but it is very similar to Pokemon Mystery Dungeon. In my time played, I've only just started on the second character at about 5 hours in, so I can't say much more about the game right now, but it drew me in immediately and has my undivided attention.The one flaw of the port, however, is the terrible default keybinds, and keybinding system in general. You can only rebind keys relative to the controller controls. I would highly recommend not using the mouse at all, and setting the binds to standard jrpg keys for the best experience.Edit: second character is now dead WHY IS IT MAKING ME DO THIS"
,Recommended,451780,26667707,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Rocky Montano,"Has an interesting concept of accepting loss in order to proceed. When you get attached to a character but only sending her out to die, you'll start hating Big Bad Boss and try to extinguish its [s]her[/s] Trillion HP out. Good strategy/tactics game but what's disappointing is that there are no other best way of defeating Trillion fast but using the imbalanced Passive Skill system.Otherwise it's another visual novel - JRPG.I wish the other DLCs get released, specifically the Neptunia DLC."
,Recommended,451780,29000908,Posted: 4 January,all,Insomniac Maiden,"Well besides the weird incest vibes (thanks Japan), the game is pretty cool. It's got a cutesy disgaea sort atmosphere, but with a much darker undertone. Most of the gameplay features feel  a little half-baked, but they all come together to create a fairly entertaining game.The dub is surprisingly good, but there's a plethora of blatant grammatical errors, and the voices change in volume from line to line. It's kind of jarring."
,Recommended,451780,27277678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TaroDS,"This game got me hooked after the tutorial fight. I like this kind of games where you train your fighter in multiple ways like giving them gifts for raising their affection points (recommended method to be strong since it does not drain hp or sp when you attack or get hit). You can also train for exp to level your character to stand a chance in a simulated fight against the boss (great method to feel the progression). You can pick from a handful of characters which will fight for you in this adventure, everyone of them has certain attacks or tastes in gifts which can raise or drain their affection points. You have a certain amount of days to train for a simulated battle, which is a so called cycle in the game. After some cycles there is the final bossfight (i think atleast xD). Since the game mechanic is an simultanious turn based battle (you act once and so does the enemy simultaniously) it can be quite difficult sometimes to survive. Till now i recommend this game with a 9/10 (because the keyboard keys are not displayed for the actions and the keybinds are kinda weird if you are not used to such a system). I will edit this review if something changes."
,Recommended,451780,30763109,Posted: 26 March,all,Digikomori,"This is a good game. It *could* have been a truly great game, which is a shame, but I've enjoyed it despite it's flaws.The premise is awsome: one boss fight. one. and a lineup of canon-fodder heroes to throw at it, hoping to shave just a little more health off each time, and slow it's advance until you can finally burn it's impossibly large healthpool down to where victory is within your grasp. In between the boss fights there's a time-management/sim game to be played that lets you build up your next hero.I was excited by the character lineup at the get-go, thinking that there would be a different playstyle for each one to master and keep things fresh... sadly this is not so. Other than cosmetic differences all 9 characters play almost excactly the same (some trivial differences in starting skill/point balances). And there's really only one optimal build to play, once you have that figured out, the rest is just a grind.What's great about this game:* epic boss fight* high production value artwork* japanese voice acting* hybrid rpg/sim mechanicsWhat's holding this game back:* annoyingly non-intuitive controls* waaaay too much ""story"" to skip through* all the characters play the same* randomized events have little to no impact* gets repetitive fairly quicklySo... fun once, but a bit grindy and not a ton of replay value."
76561197962893235,Recommended,451780,26745846,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,magicfindsheep,"Finally 100% the game with all CG unlocked and all achievements get.I liked this game despite it being really sad and evil that you'll have to sacrifice everyone. However, this makes the True End even more worth it when you obtained it.There were many moments where ninjas were chopping onions beside me during the plays of this game. I liked the BGM and the storyline for this. However that being said, there are no games with only good and no bad.Good Parts:Great story with lots of feels moment and happy timesAwesome BGMAwesome CGs and ArtworksBad Parts:Can be super grindy once gunning for a certain route. It's just Menu Grinding mostly.Works perfectly with a controller and not withoutCGs DO NOT HAVE A GENERAL GALLERY. To get 100% in ur CG Gallery, it has to be in THAT ONE SPECIFIC save file.Certain CG Events are random as heck. Requires multiple resets if needed.Overall:A recommended buy. I didn't own a PSV when this game came out and missed the Limited Editions stuff because I do not have a PSV and it would be a waste to buy and store it... A regret on my part but I was really happy when there's a steam port...Anyways, it's a confirm that you WILL CRY when you play through this Game regardless of how many play throughs because of the different routes and the attachment you have to the characters!"
76561198097769414,Recommended,451780,28743188,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,fuqifan,"One ticket to feeladelphia, please."
76561198087323907,Recommended,451780,27503729,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SnowGx,You will want to see every ending!
76561198036225308,Recommended,451780,27576399,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MomoShiroZ,- make someone died (cry a lot)- restart- let's my overload died again (cry a lot)- restart and cry againthat why i love this game T_T
,Recommended,451780,30722726,Posted: 25 March,all,longlingpang,The only game that I had to save and load 1000 times and still thought it was fun.
,Recommended,451780,26506582,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,moOx,"controls are something to get used to, almost wanted to refund this in the first 2 hrs. but the story was was rly kept me going, and after I got used to the controls I kind of enjoy this game, def. worth it if u like anime and a good story :)"
,Recommended,451780,26492154,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,「Iriya」,"You choice Character, then spend with her 7 weeks.Training, Lily Rank Up, Talking, Training again.You gift her 3 another Gifts, rising love.Then your times out, and you have 3 choices, win, retreat or lose.With last 5 Death Skills, you see character last time, before NG+If you lose, you gonna cry, or not.But you gonna sad, really sad."
,Recommended,451780,26490101,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sakurauchi Chika,"While the entire premise may seem so silly, the progression has made me become so attached to the first Overlord I've chosen that I don't want her to die so badly. Levia please ;_;Pretty enjoyable so far. Trillion is a meanie."
,Recommended,451780,29457573,Posted: 24 January,all,Daiko,Da feels are great.
76561198067146681,Recommended,451780,26689731,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Queen Trixianna The First,Dragonball with waifu.
,Recommended,451780,27705259,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chives,It's like getting punched in the heart. With a chair.
76561198144786913,Recommended,451780,26527085,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,✪Crow,hmmm its pretty good brought a xbox controller for it hahahahmmm im still learning the game like the sounds like the gameplay gonna spend more time playing this game then my other games lolol want to see all the ending it got :P 9/10 for me :P
,Recommended,451780,26586687,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,A fun concept well executed to make a fun and enjoyable game.
,Recommended,451780,27594945,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[Rx.] Vydalia,"Found a loli character I liked.Didn't realize she was cannon fodder.One billion damage later, death skill.0/10 would never send cute loli to death again."
76561198141371270,Recommended,451780,28699105,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Yerc2,"I bought this game because it has cute girls, but I never ended up promoting any of them to mai waifu status because they're really just generic archetypes. The quality of the story itself is about on par with IF/CH's other works, not being spectacular, but not a pain to read through.This game has some unique and enjoyable concepts which have unfortunately been left unpolished or not fully utilized.- Despite keeping your items and money, you lose 90% of your XP when entering NG+.- I greatly enjoyed the dungeon crawling, it's similar to Pokemon Myster Dungeon, but there is very little emphasis on it. The dungeon aspect ends up being more of a mini game with little variation as there are only like 10 enemies and the dungeon layout is always super small;  the game mainly focuses on the JRPG visual novel style story, and general prepation for the boss battle.- RNG plays a huge part in preparation for the boss battle, and skills aren't balanced equally by any means.The boss has 1T HP. During my first playthrough, I ended up dealing ~10B damage with my first Overlord while using a magic-based build. My second Overlord ended up dealing ~750B damage because I happened to try out powerful melee abilities.There are tons of random events, some of which have game-changing effects that can end up quadrupling your damage, granting you immunity to a number of hits, levelling up your skills, or getting a huge boost in stats. Most of them are rather insignificant though, so luck plays a part in that.- You lose 90% of your XP when entering NG+.Even though there are a few things which could have been better, I have definitely liked this game overall thus far and will probably try to get all the different endings/scenes sometime in the future. Never did I once regret purchasing or playing this game, it has always been enjoyable.I can only hope that Compile Heart one day releases a game which further utilizes the lovely battle mechanics and doesn't reduce your xp by 90% on NG+."
,Recommended,451780,28842247,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,•,"i just wanna say about this game:""kill the boss or your waifus(and dog)is dead"""
,Not Recommended,451780,35022804,Posted: 17 September,all,Tacos2Day,"Cool concept, way too much fan service for my tastes. It normally doesn't bother me, but it is just so overly abundant in this game. It was like being drowned in anime tiddies and netherworld incest whilst trying to enjoy a jrpg. Purdy much sums it up, and if that's your thing, hey, no judgement by me bro. One time in the third grade, I cried over a hot dog. A friggin hot dog. Do I sound like somebody who has any right to be judging people?"
,Recommended,451780,26529659,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,kitsunee,"Never been playing a game... that give me emotional attached to the character 10/10 will prevent the best girl from dying again hahahahaLevia is best girl <3I enjoyed my game. Beautiful visual, story, audio and game-play."
,Recommended,451780,27978761,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kirbyfan23,A god killed my virtual girlfriend then ate her. I quit and haven't touched the game since.10/10 would sadquit again
,Recommended,451780,26526982,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,☩ KruziikDova ⛧ XAVLEG,"Do not listen to guys, who are reviewing it without having at least one of Neptunia games or Fairy Fencer F. They're attention who*es, who want likes.Darker and better than Hyperdevotion Noire. 666/100Play it. It's just awesome."
,Recommended,451780,26486571,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kuryu,"if you like Visual Novel and SRPG this game for you.great story plot,unique RPG elementone thing that i dont like is bad control system, it confusing in first time, need couple of hours to master itstill worth to buy 9/10"
76561198161859768,Recommended,451780,30991916,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,Just love how the boss HP literally a Trillion...
76561198003428073,Recommended,451780,28859881,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shybun,My heart...
,Recommended,451780,26500786,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,「name」,"Had to play for around 1 hour and 30 minutes to finally be able to save. 10/10I'm a slow reader.If you like Animu tiddies, buy this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,451780,26629933,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,☬ Artamis the Wall ☬,Consider me ready to bust that same combo on you.
76561198262622817,Recommended,451780,33208144,Posted: 3 July,all,DevilPuppySixSixSix,good game that reminds me of disgaea somewhat..
,Recommended,451780,26635877,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Weick,I like
,Recommended,451780,33410669,Posted: 9 July,all,T H E  M O O S E,"F uck  y o u  D i c k f a c e: The Interactive Experience is a game that likes to beat you down and kill any possible chance(s) of a virtual relationship in the game. So you train these women to beat down the c o c k s u c k e r who bullied you and destroyed the human's plane of existence. The art style is amazing and the soundtrack is fire, so it sounds and looks great while you're getting your face pounded into the ground like a little B i t c h.Basically, what I'm trying to say is: yeah its good but get in on sale.And if you use the free DLC you are a little p u s s y."
,Recommended,451780,33255341,Posted: 4 July,all,Nerrosh,+Story Rich+StrategicSadness Simulator ( Levia T.T )
,Not Recommended,451780,33849841,Posted: 28 July,all,Ranseurs,"The only thing that make this game not recommended by me is the bug. Everytime I enter 'Valley of Sword', the game crashed (I don't know if it's only me). And 'Valley of Sword' is the important part of the game if you want to beat the game perfectly. So, what can i do? Just refund it and got my money back. Sorry Trillion...If there is no bug: 7/10. But the bug make this game: 5/10."
76561198084731279,Recommended,451780,26482326,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ThedarkLegend0,"The .exe file was actually missing for the first few hours of its release however, that issue has been resolved and it is now safe to purchase!Even got a free deluxe pack for the inconvenience! It was well worth the wait!On a later note, you get to play as a demon lord and have 6 waifus, what more could you want?Lots of your waifus will ♥♥♥♥ing die though.And you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it."
76561198019280671,Not Recommended,451780,28924796,Posted: 1 January,all,Jun-chan,"I wanted to like this game.  I wanted to support Compile Heart and Idea Factory in their porting their games to steam but I just couldn't this time around...Flat characters, annoying game controls and an awkward battle system really made me not want to continue.  It's a pity really..."
76561198071834482,Recommended,451780,28176013,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zepar,Pretty good
76561198059358921,Recommended,451780,33095536,Posted: 1 July,all,hightime1011,Yay! fun serious humor !
,Not Recommended,451780,31328070,Posted: 23 April,all,Just a regular ol' Morty,The game for what I played was enjoyable while I could play it but after a while the game began to constantly shut down after it first began and went to black screen. A lot of people seem to have this problem and yet the game creators haven't fixed this problem. Due to this I would say it isn't worth it unless you know how to fix this black screen of death for this game.
,Not Recommended,451780,28918248,Posted: 1 January,all,Gravitas,"Incredibly slow and tedious. The ""skip"" function needs improvement."
76561198069603615,Not Recommended,451780,28990972,Posted: 3 January,all,フロステイフレイクス,A horrible port for PC. Don't get this if you don't use a controller normally.
76561198050755505,Not Recommended,451780,30134130,Posted: 23 February,all,OverMind,ported control scheme is buggy at best. you're better off with the consol version
,Not Recommended,451780,26709290,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,靠，這遊戲廷難玩，我每次都死死死。敵人比BOSS還強更多，連BOSS的命都很瘋狂的數字。必須訓練訓練訓練，更多的訓練訓練訓練。遊戲廷悶的，你的目標 只有訓練，讓你的主人物變強。沒有任何方法去GRIND你的STATS。遊戲更本沒有什麼精彩的地方。只有你還是活或死的選擇。你會花上45分鐘來過一關。但你還會繼續不斷死如果你的STATS不夠高的話。請你慢慢的思考如果這遊戲是否適合你玩嗎才下結論買不買。
76561198000916032,Not Recommended,451780,28661725,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mumboejumboh,"I'd like to preface this by saying that this review stems entirely from my initial play of this game.  If the first hour of a game does not grab you that is a failure on the part of the game.I came across this game because I'm a fan of tactical RPGs such as Disgaea, though which looking at that on steam directed me to this.  The concept of Trillion is something I can really appreciate: There's one big bad boss waiting for you and it's up to you to deplete it's utterly massive health bar.  The meat of the gameplay, evidently, stems from preparing to fight the boss through a training sim type part.  Once you have used up the time allotted you (assumedly) would engage the boss and (again, assumedly) either succeed or fail and need to repeat the cycle again.I'd like to address some core problems I had in my brief time.1) Controls - The game utilizes a square grid for battle and implements the use of a controller.  However the controls for combat are a little...unwieldy.  It may be due to my own experiences with using a controller in tactical combat games but it felt awkward and unpleasant.  You can move in any of 8 directions and, since movement is done via the directional pad on the controller, necessitates camera rotation in order to move exactly where you want to...which is what you need to do.  The left stick is altogether abandoned in spite of its ease of use in such a movement grid and you are left awkwardly moving the camera before adjusting your position via the d-pad.  It just plain doesn't feel good.2) Gameplay - The training sim part seemed fairly standard.  My only problem is that each individual training increased a statistic.  No explaination was given for what these stats do or how they function (possibly explained later, but not when first doing such training) and they are separate from the more standard stats you see in RPGs such as attack and defense.  What is most glaringly problematic, however, is the actual combat.  While it is possible that boss fights outside of the initial prologue introduction are different, what was made clear to me at the time was simple.  You move on a square grid and enemies move at the same time you do.  You need to plan your movement and attacks so that you deal the most damage while taking the least, often attempting to destroy small enemies immediatley.  Boss attacks are telegraphed and color coded to warn how much time there is until the attack commences.  As a base, these are serviceable elements.  Where this becomes problematic, however, is in the training dungeon between boss phases.  You encounter a number of enemies of which they can have a number of attributes and effects relevant to how they fight and what they do.  An example given is an enemies that is immune to attacks from the front, but there are also enemies that explode on death and those who leave behind harmful poison.  This is problematic, however, as the only way to learn about these things is to experience them first-hand and, early on, you are given no tools to deal with these types of issues outside of a basic attack and skills you will likely be unable to use much if at all.  The second enemy I killed during my first attempt at this training dungeon poisoned me, and the poison did enough damage to deplete 90% of my 7.5 million health bar of the course of about 8 turns.  The only reason the poison did not kill me at the time was because I managed to get to the end goal before that happened.  While the stakes were low, it seems remarkably unfair for effects you wouldn't know of beforehand to be so devastating on a first attempt...but this is my own personal view.3) Progression - As should probably be obvious by the title, Trillion is a direct reference to the fact that the boss you fight has a grand total of 1 trillion health.  Your characters have health totals around the 10 million point (at least at the start, potentially going higher than this, but I can't be certain with how little I played) and deal around 40+ million damage with basic attacks.  While I can appreciate that the numbers need to be big given the scope of the boss' health total, it skews perception when a character with 8 million health dies in two hits from a random enemy.  Even in older RPGs that start you off with much lower numbers (such as Dragon Quest, for an example) the enemies you encounter at the beginning are not so fierce as to instantly kill you.  Basic enemies should present a threat to the player to be handled rather than an instant-death hazard to be avoided at all cost, at least within the scope of an RPG.4) Voice Acting - On odd point for me to touch on, and I will freely admit this is my own tastes, but this was just another nail in the coffin for me.  Immediately after starting a new game it prompted me to confirm if I wanted to play the game in Japanese.  Since I don't know the language I declined...and I was almost immediately regretting my decision.  Within the first hour I played there were words and names pronounced in ways that seemed wrong to me (ex. Baphoment pronounced ""Baf-o-may"" instead of how I would expect ""Baf-o-met"" and miasma as ""my-asthma"" instead of ""me-as-ma"") and character voices conveyed an...odd tone, it felt.  It's hard for me to put into words, exactly, but it felt like the voice actors were trying to create a voice that was a character trait rather than simply give a character a voice.  When I heard them I thought not ""this is X character with Y trait"" but ""this is Y trait character"" and it kind of detracts from the experience.I've gone on a long tangent about this game, but I'd like to make it clear that I don't hate it.  Honestly I'm positive that there's a lot to this game that has promise and is even done pretty well.  The story, for what I saw of it, had promise and the concept is sound.  Training up to fight a devastatingly powerful boss is actually a rather refreshing idea for an RPG.  However in the end the execution just feels flawed and I, personally, can't ignore those flaws.You might like this game, there's definitely parts of it to like, but I can't honestly recommend it with what I experienced.  The first hour of a game should convey what the game is about and what you're trying to do and compel you to do those things...but Trillion: God of Destruction did not do as such for me."
76561198235988812,Not Recommended,451780,29269849,Posted: 15 January,all,AN,"Well this game is great,,if you can play it..the game always crash when you to go to valley of swords"
,Not Recommended,451780,26704835,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Heavy H2O,"Okay this isnt so much for the gameplay so much as the games playability, for me at least. When i first started trying to play this game it woulnt register my conroller at all so i had to restart my computer, twice. then i had to remap the controlls because they were all wrong and some were unbound, i had to do this twice as well because when i got to the first tutorial battle the only button that would work was the attack, and how lucky i was that it was the attack. I still havent even gotten to any point with a save option and the game has crashed 6 times already. ive been trying to play this for almost 2 hours. Dont buy this game untill they fix it. The gameplay for what little i have seen of it is alright though so if you think you can stand the crashes and controller issues then by all means go for it.Edit: 7 crashes."
,Not Recommended,451780,28565234,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sinking Ship1029,"This game is literally unplayable on mouse / keyboard. Obviously ported in the laziest possible way, with tutorial text talking about 'x' and 'y' buttons (from the vita? or is it assuming I'm using an xbox controller? who knows). Keyboard defaults to action keys being arrows keys and jkio and ; - how is anyone supposed to play? Was this tested at all?I don't have an xbox controller so I tried using my DS4, still completely unplayable, tried it with and without compatiability software nothing I do makes it recognize the inputs from the controller - nevermind the fact the entire interface seems to have been ripped directly from the vita and not changed at all no matter what you're using for inputs.I've spent the last hour trying to get it to play nice with my controller and it's been a complete waste of my time, don't sell me a game if I literally cannot play it on the platform your selling on.e: after much trail and error I managed to get my steam controller to work with the game, controls are super non-intuitive but whatever it's playable so it clears the absolute lowest bar to be considered a 'game'."
76561198057219226,Not Recommended,451780,30378489,Posted: 7 March,all,Olathoë,"One of the most boring games I've played during years. Buy it if you want to drastically cut down your gaming hours and find the joys of your local library.The game itself is endless dialogue where you press A button to proceed text, huge deal of menusurfing and very little part consist of extremely wonky (like 1997 wonky) battle parts where your character walks around without bending her knees..."
,Not Recommended,451780,28834474,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,QueenJorge,this game bad
,Not Recommended,451780,29378876,Posted: 20 January,all,ProgSys,"It's probably a decent game, but you can't even control the menus property."
,Not Recommended,451780,33156236,Posted: 2 July,all,MrsKayRansom,Just walls of text. Non stop walls of text.
,Not Recommended,451780,29625315,Posted: 1 February,all,Allaprima,bad idea factory does it again
76561198011937239,Not Recommended,451780,32666965,Posted: 22 June,all,Tom_Neverwinter,looks cool. but you are going to drown in text.... controls suck... like seriously the control are trash. text grind and battle.... needs more to the game...
76561198094902458,Not Recommended,451780,26554302,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,james.evans609,"to much visual novel. i dont like them. if you do, give this a shot. its interesting, but i have no patience for it"
76561198006714408,Not Recommended,451780,26494576,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"Awful controller support. If you have a PS4 controller and nothing else, don't buy it. Keyboard controls are non existent as well."
,Not Recommended,451780,26570426,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dex,It's 90 percent average visual novel and 10 percent average combat. Not even remotely close to being worth it. If you're into over the top dialogue and poorly drawn anime characters you might enjoy this game. Not for me though.
,Not Recommended,451780,26539253,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ay,dislike combat system
,Not Recommended,451780,26485081,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Sinical,"Pretty awful as far as ports go.Keyboard controls are awful, and while they can be mapped I'm not sure they could be done in any way that makes much sense, due to the complete lack of mouse support. When in keyboard controls the game still displays commands for controllers. So if you want to try and have a go at working it out, firstly you need to memorise the commands for controllers, then translate them to keyboard and then you can try and map them sensibly.And speaking of controllers, I initally tried playing it with a ds4, not keyboard. However the ds4 functionality is somehow completely broken. When in combat I had to hold down the X button for any other buttons to work, which is not intended at all and made the game practically impossible to play on controller. And to top it all off, the game obviously displayed everything as if I was using an xbox controller.A shame, the concept looked really interesting. It might be worth picking up at some point later, or maybe it works better right now with an xbox controller, but other than that I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,451780,27399012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shiro,"This game has 1 main focus, it is to kill trillion but their is a lof of endings. I havent finished any ending yet but I like the heroines. They all have great and unique personalities. I will recommend this game to people who are collecting waifus. this game is a 10/10 for me"
,Recommended,451780,27282786,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chihuehue Ralado,Waifu simulator 2016
,Recommended,451780,26998420,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Glyphram,"Trillion is a masterpiece of JRPG to the point that I genuinely believe this is the best JRPG I have played since Final Fantasy 7.  The characters and plot are so well developed that you really grow emotionally invested in the story and it tugs at your heart strings when you have to sacrifice one of your heroes in the effort to defeat trillion.  I genuinely have had that ""NOT AERITH!  It can't be!"" moment all over again (a moment many Final Fantasy 7 fans will remember for the rest of their lives) except that this time it wasn't Aerith but one of Trillion's overlords."
,Recommended,451780,26989128,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Milkshake,"Train your Overlord to fight a monster that literally has one trillion (twelve zeroes!) HP. Spend time with them and give them gifts to improve their resilience. Get to know them and grow attached to them.Then watch them die horribly because of your awful training. Then go through it all over again with the next Overlord.It's a very light-hearted game, I promise."
,Recommended,451780,26984760,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Return of Cheese-kun when?,"Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Watched my waifu die tragically and realized that I have to do monstrous damage if I don't want everyone to die. Restarted and am now saving waifu death for last. Train and train, bro. SPD is an important stat, but passive skills are even more so."
76561198111003032,Recommended,451780,26894223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,吸血鬼,"Interesting story, the characters, the dialogues and the concept itself.The first battles with the trillion may seem complicated ... but the further you will find that everything is very simple.Training is very sad, and fights with trillion bored by the third battle.Pluses:1) Characters2) Conversations3) The atmosphere of despair after the defeat of another character4) 10 endings5) The game from COMPILEMinuses:1) Gameplay2) The lack of the ""LOAD"" button in the game (only in the main menu)3) Absolute randomly almost all events and their constant repetition4) The impossibility of the character selection5) Getting all the endings takes too long6) Stupid characters who cannot go out and score trillion rags together.I can recommend this game only nerds like me and COMPILE fans"
76561198005361089,Recommended,451780,26899208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,b.templar428,"Fun, and the grind is reall.gotta get gud, and the ride is fun."
76561198190828791,Recommended,451780,27015655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,God of Darkness,"Fegor best girl.Faust (one of the) best character (...s of all time).Gets my nomination for Steam's ""Villian Most in Need of a Hug"" Award, 2016.69/420 ""neds moar sweg""~IGNeditfiveminuteslater OMFG I FORGOT THE ♥♥♥♥ING INTRO THIS GAME'S INTRO IS AMAZING THE SECOND BEST VIDEO GAME INTRO OF ALL TIME IT'S SO WELL MADE AND THE AMBIENT MUSIC WHEN YOU MEET FAUST FIRST I CAN'T REMEMBER WHAT IT'S CALLED I'VE NOT SPENT THAT MUCH TIME LISTENING TO THE GAME'S SOUNDTRACK BUT THAT IS ABSOLUTELY ENTRANCING K THX BOI*goes back and puts spaces between the words and adds apostrophes, such as to be baseline readable*This is taking longer than I expected, maybe I should've typed this out normally, hm...It's also really painful to read. Yep, glad this is my review now. Really happy about this. There are many like it, most of which are actually readable, but this one's mine."
,Recommended,451780,28776245,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Quietus Wolf,"An interesting game. A cross between a VN, turn-based combat and daily planner. The art style is lovely, the combat has a bit of a learning curve and the characters are unique enough to be memorable.The odd part here is that you're really just facing one enemy, the titular Trillion, who's set to destory the world. You have to raise a set of fighters to take it on until, eventually, you defeat it. The catch is you raise only one girl at a time, wearing Trillion down as you go.While the game has Kb/M support, I'd recommend using a controller, but the catch there is all movement in combat is via the D-Pad and going in a digional direction requires moving the camera with the bumbers. It's a bit odd of a system, and that's where part the learning curve in combat is (the other is that you need to be facing enemies to hit them).For a game I picked up completly on a whim cause it was 70% off, I'm not dissapointed thus far."
76561198071088778,Recommended,451780,28813078,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,IMDATLEGIT,"my story is simple, i see disgea STAFF, i buy. Unfortunately my pc cant run it (dammit) and so here my set up if you have the same.intel(R) core(TM) i7-3630QM cpu @ 2.40 GHz, 64-bit os, AMD Radeon HD 7670M processorprobably the AMD processor is at fault here, dev do said it in the system requirment tho.Anyway,this will be bias cause i didnt play the game but ill still recomend this game."
76561198004701225,Recommended,451780,28823132,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,van the man,"IF and Compa have done it again.Main character is your typical anime demon lord guy. Some god of destruction shows up at hell's gate and he then trains his typical anime harem characters to fight it, one by one.Art's really pretty, 95% of the game's worldbuilding is done with 2d illustrations. Japanese voice acting is good... the scenes feel a bit long winded and the drama's more serious than I can deal with (don't expect the level of comedy of a Nep game) so I'm speeding through them rather than listening for the most part. Music is good but not as good as Disgaea series xDGame has some decent strategic/tactical depth. The format seems pretty fresh - the game's journey is just to beat one trillion HP boss which is slowly rampaging torward the castle, damage done to it across fights is cumulative.And like any game with resource management and a turn cycle, I ignore my increasing hunger as I strive to hit that end turn button again...and again...hour after hour..."
76561197999223870,Recommended,451780,34046372,Posted: 5 August,all,winipcfg,80% Visual Novel10% GamePlay10% Load&SaveGameplay is unexpected.Fighting againt overpowered boss in that way blows my mind
76561197983496416,Recommended,451780,34027667,Posted: 4 August,all,CrOnNoS,"Ok i WILL consider this is mainly a romance visual game and recommend it. I don't like romance visual and ended skiping everything from the first overlord on. So i thought the game were reeeeeally boring and repetitve and way too long for such boring experience. STILL, there's pleeeeeeenty of ""romance visual conversation"" which i completely skipped so i'm going to consider this one as just ""not my type""If you expect anything from this game apart from the visual novel, i strongly DO NOT recommend this one."
,Recommended,451780,28765622,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Myondusk,"It's kind of like Monster Rancher, except it's cute girls instead of monsters.It's got the same glorious trend though: put your heart and soul into waifu, you go far, but waifu dies before you can actually do anything. Then you get to relive the whole process all over again.Maybe I'll write a better review later."
76561198234431684,Recommended,451780,27391333,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vyrdaus,"Plot:After daddy's love saved the Underworld two generations back, you have gathered the six best waifus the Underworld has to offer in an effort to save it again.Features:+ bond with waifus only to kamikaze them against a boss with a trillion hit points+ try not to cry+ cry a lot7.8 / 10 too much waifus and crying"
76561198242585732,Recommended,451780,35288247,Posted: 29 September,all,zyphear,"Do you like throwing your love ones into harms way while you stay behind to watch them fight for their lives and eventually get eaten, and then cry for one scene only to move on once you start over your genocide , if you answered yes to these questions then you'll love this game, ( or  your a derranged psychopath but im not here to judge )"
