user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,451990,31080750,Posted: 11 April,all,Tonguc,"So far I have played the first four races.Music and sounds are great. Difficulty is well balanced between arcade and simulation. Graphics are brilliantly stylized. Multiplayer feature is another plus and so are achievements. I used an Xbox One controller and had no issues. AI is so good it feels like racing against actual players.A must have for the enthusiasts of the genre! And if you are not, there is still high possibility that you may love it."
,Recommended,451990,30439716,Posted: 10 March,all,Fexton,"First off, the people who say that this game has unrealistic psychics and is too hard obviously doesn't know much about old racecars. The cars back in the 1920's handled like a fridge and the grip was basically non-existant.I can't deny that it is pretty difficult though but it's like the devs say, it's a mixture between arcade and simulation and it's leaning a bit more towards simulation so it ought to be a challenge, and it is.It does take a couple of hours to get used to the handling but if you don't ragequit and you actually somewhat learn the feel of the cars, you can get some really fun, intense and a lot of the times, nerve wracking racing.This isn't Assetto Corsa or F1 2016 so you can't throw the car into a corner and expect it to stay stable and keep the grip. You need to really feel the car with a mix between the gas and the brake to try and learn how you can keep the car straight and keep as much traction through the corners as possible.This game does have a really cool sort of minimalistic theme to it which shows that you don't need a lot of details in a game to make it look pretty and I think this game pulls it off well. It makes the game a bit more relaxing in a way because there isn't a bunch of things in your face at all times. It also has some nice oldschool music to give you that early 1900's feel and although I usually don't care too too much about music (especially not in a racing game) it does make a good addition to get you in the feeling.There is a fair bit of content aswell with 26 cars and 16 tracks in 6 different countries (Including Sweden. Yay!) and for quite a ""small"" game for only 5,99€, I would say that this is definitely a good amount of variety in content. The cars aren't reskins either. Like it would be in real life, every car has it's own feel and it's own unique thing about it. Some cars might accelerate faster and some might be a bit more focused on handling and keeping the car a little more stable than the others. It's up to you to choose what you like the most and what you prioritize higher. It varies quite a lot when it comes to the tracks as well and they don't just feel like the same track over and over again (that's the feeling I got atleast) and like you would expect, there are more technical tracks and there are faster tracks so everybody can hopefully find one they enjoy driving on.Like all games, it isn't perfect but for what you're getting it isn't really that big of a deal, in my opinion. However for example. The AI can do some pretty stupid moves sometimes which leaves you on the grass facing the opposite direction when you didn't do anything wrong. I suppose there are also some other minor things that could use a change but nothing that I'm too bothered about.For the fair price of 5,99€ I would say, pick this game up if you like challenges and/or racing games because you can definitely get a lot of fun out of it if you give it a chance and put some time into it! For what you're paying, you really a decent amount of cars to aquire and tracks to beat in the career and time trial. It's also a good game if you have some time to kill as a race usually only takes around 5 minutes. Now, if you're interested but don't feel like it's worth it for whatever reason. Atleast wait until it's on sale and buy it then because it really isn't a lot of money and you might get surprised.I'm not too experienced will full on serious reviews so please do excuse me if I made any potential mistakes!"
76561197981435949,Not Recommended,451990,31006002,Posted: 7 April,all,Sir Chiveshallot,"I love the old school styling and the simple and clear graphics, but the game play is not fun. Basically, it's too difficult and unfortunately not in a fun way. It's made difficult by the poorly utilised perspective that constantly changes and leaves you without sufficient visibility to reliably pick a line or avoid obstacles and other cars.If your car is heading from the bottom left to the top right, you can see far up the track. However if you are going from the top left to the bottom right you can only see about 10 car lengths ahead. As a single mistake will cost you the race, it becomes a boring chore of repeating the same track until you learn what's coming up in the parts you can't see.  If the camera angles are changed so you can see far enough to drive, I'd try to master this. But at the moment it's simply frustrating and I can't give it my recommendation."
,Recommended,451990,28651851,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,「Catman」,"Certified fast, in the 20s at least.I love the aesthehics and charm of this game. It's too bad I suck at it, I'm thinking it might be a tad too difficult to control the cars but I know those things were basically shopping trollies with engines.Now what I'd really love to see from the developer is a follow up game that shifts the time period to the age of aerodynamics, I seriously love this art style and the attention to nostalgia details right down to the music. I would die to see the same done for the other famous eras of the previous millenium!"
76561198022010585,Recommended,451990,28592027,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Taddson,"Just finished the career mode and I thought I would write a review.I especially love the graphics and music design of this game which helped me calm myself down in potentially rage quit situations. Because...Cars are generally a challenge to drive as braking and some skill in balancing the car is required in this game. Especially for those cars with high handling stats. DON'T BE FOOLED BY THOSE STATS. They are a lot more tail happy which is detrimental to your lap times in most of the circuits. I learnt to choose a lower handling stat car which made it more stable and drivable to give you a consistent time. After playing this game, I have also learnt to appreciate downforce in modern cars more. :)Track layouts are also pretty cool too. All in all a great game, worth the money."
76561197972357240,Recommended,451990,28959122,Posted: 2 January,all,Plopsworth,"TLDR: I like it, and you might very well too - as long as you know of beforehand or appreciate the challenge you're getting into.Let's start with some relevant questions.Do you remember classic 90s top-down keyboard racers - e.g. Micro Machines, Slicks and Slides and Generally?Good - This one is different, but it's a new classic right up there with them.Do you like European interwar racecars - you know -  open single seat, pinched cylinder, massive radiator grille, skinny tyres, open-wheeled vehicles driving round banked turns or rural tracks? Do the words Bentley Blower, Bugatti type 35, Alfa-Romeo Monoposto, Silver Arrows, Donington Park, Targa Florio, Brooklands etc. carry a loaded significance for you?Yes? The devs think so too. You're in the right place. It's all here in measure, disguised behind pseudonyms.Do you like the vintage interwar travel-poster aesthetic you see in the trailers and screenshots above (angular lowish-poly, untextured flat-shaded with light gradients)?Yes? Good. Here the presentation perfectly complements the racing-promo artwork from the era - and it still conveys all the information you need.Do you like Django Reinhardt and Stephane Grapelli gypsy-jazz music? Do you like post-ragtime novelty piano jazz?Yes? Because that's what the soundtrack sounds like (shame about the limited number of tracks, though).And most crucially - do you own an analogue input device (e.g. gamepad), and are you ready set aside some time an put some effort into learning to drive -  or to master this specific physics-heavy interpretation of the handling of these beasts?Good, because - make no mistake - budget price and low-tech (yet lovely) aesthetics might make you mistake this for a casual arcade racer - which this is certainly not. Handling is the crucial factor in any driving game and the hardest to judge without playing yourself. As the devs put it on their webpage, they aimed for a 75% on the casual-to-sim scale - so, a Codemasters racer with most of the aids off?With that out of the way, some more initial impressions:What a debut for a new developer and a budget title! You really do get a surprisingly deep game for the price.Presentationwise, it's charming - it has personality in spades and it wears its appreciation of the underused era on its sleeve.The unique look sets it apart from other games (probably also helps devs) and it's a perfect fit for the collective impression and memory of the theme and era. The music is as heard in the trailers - cheerful and catchy. The environments are often rural. It looks lovely despite it's simplistic style - and more importantly, the visuals are easily read, so you make out the physics of the suspension and traction. Its prettiest graphical trick occurs as the cars leave angular yet puffy dust clouds behind them - particularly when losing control or cornering, often obscuring part of the track and cars. The cars skitter across the undulating turns - sometimes unexpectedly under- or oversteering, while their engines buzz and hum in an updated more hi-fidelity version of warbling the Ad-Lib soundcard synthesized racers of yore. All the while a tinny travel-radio loops its (regrettably small) selection of cheery guitar/violin/piano jazz from the interwar era.Preference indriving modelsis subjective. I'm not an expert on interwar racers or cars in general. I'm not a true-blooded hardcore race-simmer. I've never raced and I've never driven a performance/race car or any car from earlier than the 1960s in real life. With that said,the handling seems plausible enough. In any case, it's challenging, not very forgiving, and can feel a bit fiddly(why did I spin out this time? - lack of focus or rushing?) - but it can be learned, appreciated, and probably mastered.I still have much to learn, which in and of itself is a good feeling. Yet still, the very challenge may come as a rude awakening to many lured in by the excellent and summery presentation. So once again, take heed, it is most definately not a pick-up-and-play title - at least not for most.Every lap is crucial and there is no time to dawdle as you only have three laps on minute-length laps. Initially, it is best to learn by following the AI. Three opponents compete for the grid and two lag behind. There are no foregone conclusions, as your AI competitors do make (plausible/human) mistakes.In the context of dedicated gamepad racers, yes, the Sega/Mario/Trackmania franchise racers have arcade reaction/reflex challenges - but they are far more forgiving in their driving models simply because, in general, you won't spin out for applying too much/little force or be struggling to simply in handling the car. Comparatively, difficultywise, in the dedication and dexterity required, we're up in NFS:Shift2/Dirt:Rally/etc slightly simmier gamepad-playable car game territory (with many assists turned off). The very fact that a six-euro game can be mentioned in the same breath as these multi-million [monetaryunit] productions is a credit to what the first-time developers have achieved.Prepare to lose, at least at first. Learn to appreciate the work put into the physics. Unless you're on a straight trajectory, don't hammer the accelerator or brakes.Use the full analogue scale provided by your controller.ABS and traction control don't exist and you're supposedly driving a rearwheel-drive 800kg 100-150 horsepower racer on four slick narrow motorbike wheels, often on a rural unpaved track. In general, any change of direction or speed should be well thought out beforehand and carried out with a feather-like touch (hence: discipline, using the full scale of the input and memorization of tracks help a lot).Even without a damage modelthe game punishes collisions,be it with the track or other competitors. Offensive driving makes you lose control and hitting the track barriers often brings you to a stop. Stacked tyres spill and scatter across the raceway on impact - not only due to your actions but due to your competitor's actions too. As stated, handling is very important (both as a vehicle statistic and as a priority in control) but so is memorization.The camera viewis pretty close, and even if it's top-down, it's at an angle. The camera does push and pull in a bit relative to your speed, but it always stays pretty close. Also, crucially, you will really often be braking well ahead of the turns and corners - which zooms you in. This and your screen's wide aspect ratio become deciding factors too. You see more of the track depending on driving orientation relative to the fixed orientation of the camera. The hardest turns are often the artificially blindest turns - those which approach the camera, southwards. Visibility east and west is alright and you can see further north downrange - driving away from the camera - but the tracks aren't on an isometric grid, you're often tackling twisting diagonal headings towards corners. The starting straight is often the only long easy straight on many tracks (though some do provide ""back straights"" or fast gently arched straight sections on the other sides). Maybe tweak the camera centering according to orientation?The online multiplayer is quiet and regrettably, as a former staple of the genre (many hands uncomfortably intertwined playing Twister as metagame in order to reach their corners of the same keyboard), there is no local multiplayer option (admittedly, the camera problems would be exacerbated, since it always follows the car - what about a more zoomed out view here too - and maybe implementing Traveller's Tales' excellent intelligent melding/separating/orienting splitscreen from the co-op in their lego games?).Do try this rare simmy-arcadey fishfowlbeast. And any improvements would be simply a few more tweaks (camera centering) and options (more laps? more AI drivers? local multi?)."
76561198015426504,Recommended,451990,29227595,Posted: 13 January,all,ca6,"Sweet litte game, very promising :) If you enjoyed Absolute Drift, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,451990,30342786,Posted: 5 March,all,peter purvis,"Top-down 3D racer set in the 1920s. Fine tuned car physics, high difficulty and high quality art design. Ridiculously good value for $$ as well. What else can you do/get/see for a fiver nowadays? Not f&%£ing much in the UK anyway.Edit: I am insanely addicted to this game. I have 100% acheivements for the first time ever in a game. It has taken me 47 hours, though I am a fairly slow gamer. Do not be put off by the player count, the single player campaign is great."
76561198107661198,Recommended,451990,23531980,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,funkydorian,a bit challenging in the beginning but lots of fun when you get used to the dynamics of the cars.
,Recommended,451990,23590200,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Captain Zee,"I came for the shaded cells, stayed for the music!I always thought that late 20's/early 30's style art deco would fit nicely in a cell shaded game. But I ended up enjoying the music a lot more than I thought I would. I've always been a jazz fan, especially jazz from this [games] era. I'm in the main menu listening to it as I type this review!Now, although I am no expert on cars from this era, I do understand that most of them were rear-wheel drive. These cars feel like front-wheel drive; ex., I'm able to regain control from a slide by accelerating, and losing it when I decelerate. Is this something to do with these kind of cars, or am I forgetting how to drive a rear-wheel car?Beyond that and all the minor crashes expected of an early access title (of which there were few in my case), I enjoy this game, and look forward towards more races."
76561197968463489,Recommended,451990,29451541,Posted: 23 January,all,Kwortic13L,"Cranks and Goggles makes an excellent job of capturing the 1920's with it's beautifully simple art deco design. The gameplay is equally straight forward and rewarding, if a little tough to master.For the price, absolutely recommended. I hope this game finds a decent audience, it deserves it."
76561198085157769,Recommended,451990,30781850,Posted: 27 March,all,JesseAsher,"Beautiful, charming, detailed, accriute game.Indeed it is all of those things and for just £1.99 in the sale you have little to no reason to not buy this game.The cars handle..  well.. as expected for 1920's race cars. Very difficult, but easy to pick up and you will soon find you are able to race as good as the Ai.The tracks are great and are really challenging but fun, even the Ai have difficulty on some of the tracks.The Ai also, thankfully, do not have that ""rubber banding""[as far as i can tell] that ruins alot of games! If you crash, you crash, you have to deal with it, their cars wont slow down and yours wont magically speed up. Equally if you are miles ahead, you are indeed miles ahead.A pleasent change to the generic racing games thrown out by big brand developers year after year.As far as i can tell from skimming through the negative comments, people were either expecting F1 car handeling, their computer from the stone age be able to run it or that they are actually lewis hamilton and its the cars fault they cant drive it. Im not sure which, but I know its certainly one of them."
,Recommended,451990,30909609,Posted: 2 April,all,bierbaron,"Very refined top down racer with a brilliant art style. Can be challenging at times but once you get the hang of it, you'll master those corners like a pro. Every car drives differently with transparent stats for each one (pro tip: ""HND"" stands for ""handicap"", not ""handling"")--all regular cars can be upgraded and painted. Not a lot of grinding for money if you don't suck too much (unless you're going for the ""Collect all cars"" achievement).Still in active development with very responsive devs. You'll have a hard time finding someone for multiplayer though.Great, rewarding game if you're not too easily frustrated. Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,451990,28636794,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,keisari,"First impressions - Micro Machines with 20-30''s theme. Your first car is ALMOST undrivable with a keyboard. With a controller, things get a bit easier, but not by much. Invest on Class C ASAP and start honing your skills on time trials! For this price (4,19€), it's worth to check it out.Recommended for petrol heads and those familiar with 90's top down racing games"
,Recommended,451990,29039004,Posted: 5 January,all,Lonesome,"This game is fun, simple and hard to masterbut once you learn to drift through the turns, the game is very rewarding.My game started crashing every time now, so I sent the dev an email, and hope they can fix it. But buy it and play with your friends."
76561197990000560,Recommended,451990,28805314,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BorderReiver,"A fantastic aesthetic top down racing game set in the era of Nuvolari, Varzi, Birkin and all those dudes (ie. the 20s and 30s).Skittery, ill handling machines (you WILL spin alot) which have to actually be *driven* through corners with more power than their hard rubber tyres can cope with.A pleasing variety of tracks (though it would be nice to see the odd 30s style banked oval as well as the gorgeous road courses) and some decent AI to play against mean this is a fun challenge which will provide alot of entertainment.Multiplayer should be ALOT of fun, but I haven't given it a go yet.If I had any criticisms/suggestions it would be to provide a little more field of view (though not much more, I love the way you have to actually learn the tracks), and the ability to set up custom championships/time trials with friends or against the AI.Oh and ghosts wouldn't hurt to learn to lap quickly and consistently.Excellent so far though, looking forward to see where it goes!"
,Recommended,451990,29306277,Posted: 16 January,all,Dewberry Cretin,"Japanese Slidy Sports For You Old Boys!I had a jolly good time playing this so farthere is a huge learning curve playing this thoughyou slide so much it should be renamed ""dashing in 20's""here are some tips:-turn early-speed is key-sliding is okay-if you get stuck RESTART-take advantage of the chaos"
76561198111266808,Recommended,451990,29360484,Posted: 19 January,all,jbarrett513,"at first i was a little disapointed, the 2d graphics were underwhelming and i had some difficulty controlling the car. i stuck with it though, and the game has grown on me. there is room for improvement, like the engine sounds during the game are weak, more noticeable because they tease you with the growl of a legit 20's race car engine in the game setup page. it's too bad that the game cars don't sound like real cars. i like the artsy feel of the game, and once i got a setup on my gamepad that i liked the cars became easier to control. i'm in about 9 hours so far, and i'm only on B level cars still, so the game is pretty challenging- especially at first. the game crashes once in a while, usually after playing for an hour or so. it's not a big deal since the autosave works well, but something that needs to be addressed. multiplayer races would be fun, but i never see anyone on."
,Recommended,451990,29213075,Posted: 12 January,all,Mukhtar,"Very nice driving mechanics, cool theme, fun and enjoyable racing experience. Give it a try, you won't regret."
76561198031471587,Recommended,451990,30067367,Posted: 20 February,all,Lisander,"Nice little game. Hard, but addictive."
,Recommended,451990,29807940,Posted: 9 February,all,Jay Jay Kirkels,"I can really recommend this game. This game is absolutely FANTASTIC, really you gonna LOVE it. It's different than other racing games and really fun to play.This game has cons but a lot of pros.Pros:- It's really fun to play- There are a lot of cars each with their own handling and feeling- The handling feels realistic- There is a wide variety of tracks in different styles (Snowy, Tarmac and Sandy)- Music is typical music of the 20's- As far as I know, there is one real car brand, maby not well know but it's real (MG)- It's challenging (driving is not as easy as you think but you can learn it)Cons:- You can't sustain damage- There isn't an option to play this in first person which makes it often rather hard to find a breaking point before a corner (Would be nice if the devs created this option however it's NOT a must)- A.I is not perfect- There may be a couple of bug, however I haven't found one yet- You always have to start at the back of the fieldMy conclusion is a solate 9/10. Yes the game may not be perfect at this stage but it has just released and I think the devs are really busy making this a better game.This game is gonna be GREAT. Really, it's gonna be GREAT!"
,Recommended,451990,29484388,Posted: 25 January,all,jim1881,"Apart from the PC/Dreamcast title Spirit of Speed 1937, the 1920s and 1930s don't get much of a look-in when it comes to driving games, which is a massive shame because pre-war Grand Prix racing set the foundations for the way racing continued up to the end of the 1950s and paved the way for the advent of Formula 1.Cranks & Goggles is a really promising game, where the cars have decidedly different handling characteristics and the whole thing could be termed ""easy to learn, hard to master"". Please check out the full review below but I'd highly recommend giving this a go and look forward to the updated down the line.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBMgY-CcX2A"
,Recommended,451990,33112846,Posted: 1 July,all,GrandOrcaMaster,"If you go into this game expecting to be able to mash the gas, and never let off, you will have a bad time. In fact, you will probably crash into every one of the walls, and quit the game in a fiery rage. However, once you begin to appreciate that this was what it was probably like racing in the 1920's, and that maybe, just maybe you should try slowing down instead of using your handbrake to drift around every corner, the beauty of this game will hit you. The sound design is excellent, the aesthetics are amazing, and each car even has its own personality. My only two gripes are that, I wish that I could see a tad further in front of the car, and that there were different tones that played at the end of the races when you lose, because I found myself hearing the “you lose tone” a lot. That being said, I highly recommend it, and it is great fun for those that are willing to put in the effort."
,Not Recommended,451990,33050458,Posted: 30 June,all,bitemeblinky,"This is definitely the most frustrating racing game I have ever played. The handling and physics are horrendous, it feels like you are sliding across ice and the brakes hardly do anything. There are massive clouds of dust that come up randomly to inconvenience the player. It often feels like all of the AI is teaming up against you by bumping you off. It crashes very frequently, which almost always happens when I am in first for some reason. Don't be tricked by the cutesy graphics, this is not a fun arcade racing game, it'd be easier to drift 18 wheelers."
76561198008322068,Recommended,451990,28635914,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,splancer,"First, the art style is very clean and effective.  Game could not be more charming.  Second, the cars are really hard to drive.  It is satisfying every time you make a clean corner or chicane.  Most driving games have a built in cheat, where if you spin out, you can catch up to pack in a few seconds.  Not here.  You need to have 2-4 minutes of focus to get  on the podium.  I do not play many driving games anymore because I don't like 'chase cam' racers.  This game gets it right for me because the length of race and tension feels about right.  I have seen criticism about not seeing enow road ahead, but that is somewhat mitigated by having shorter tracks you can learn in a few tries.  Also most corners have plenty of visual cues you can use to judge your timing."
76561198037090686,Recommended,451990,28957051,Posted: 2 January,all,smpsnja,"this game caught my eye and i liked how it looked. playing it however is frustrating at first as the cars have no grip at all and you need to learn to point, brake, turn then accelerate or you fly off the track and everyone passes you.the car upgrades you buy dont really help much except for top speed and getting on the line quicker so you need to take plenty of laps around the tracks to get use to what your car can do.many tracks, different levels of enemies (other racers) to ram, crash into and try to beat.you need to race clean though because the a.i. is very fast up front and rarely makes mistakes.I can see this being a highly competitive online game with leagues soon developing from it.have found a couple of bug like the overhead camera zooms right in on your car in the last track on the top level so you crash as you just cannot see what your doing, it does this in 4 places around the map and puts the driver right off.the 1920's music and sound effects as you race around the track add to the fun aspect of the game which doesnt try to take itself to seriously.this isnt need for speed or the best graphics package but it isnt supposed to be either.but apart from that this is a really fun but hard little racing game you'll enjoy trying to beat.for the price, highly recommended."
76561198032832473,Recommended,451990,28847120,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kcetinel,"Deceptively simple, actually quite hard and fun to play racing game. Addictive!"
,Recommended,451990,31150859,Posted: 15 April,all,nymphe,"I was looking for some small and short games which I like to play occasionally and stumbled upon to this little gem couple of weeks ago. After my purchase I realized how wrong I was thinking.Gameplay:The game looks simple at the beginning. Indeed, there is almost no learning curve, but after your first race it hits you hard that the game is not like your average racing game. It is difficult to win a race and it is also not easy to get used to the viewing angle. Although there are some comments about how bad the viewing angle is, I personally liked it. The cars with different speeds and different handling ratios are well balanced and shows how difficult those cars were handled in 20’s. It is definitely not a simulation, and I don’t think this was the developer’s intention, but they managed to program the physics of the game remarkably good.Long story short: It takes a while to master but the game is very enjoyable.Graphics and Sound:The polygon graphics are funny and gives a great atmosphere to the game. It is a mixture of a comic book and art concept.There are some graphical glitches occasionally but nothing which will distract or annoy.The music is beautiful and doesn’t disturb if you play long. I’m not a fan of this era in terms of music, but when you hear it, you will be in the mood.I’ve played this game on my 15” Macbook Pro from 2011 on both macOS and Windows 10, and the performance was very good.Overall surprising great game which I recommend to everyone. A little bit patience for mastering the game is recommended. :)"
,Recommended,451990,30885495,Posted: 1 April,all,nec,Good designGood enough physics to make it a fun game
,Recommended,451990,31666188,Posted: 10 May,all,donkey tron,"..it's like super sprint and super skidmarks had a baby, and that baby was raised in a time before air bags and seat belts.9/10, due to one camera angle."
76561198021447024,Recommended,451990,31253062,Posted: 20 April,all,TURK The Barbarian,I loved it. Hard & Realistic controls. Sweet feeling of Amiga Era games. Great multiplayer option. It would be great to play in a company with friends and betting each other!
76561198110884458,Recommended,451990,28988921,Posted: 3 January,all,anti-matter,Great and fun game but noone plays online. Who will buy a game when you have similar games on miniclip
,Recommended,451990,24370269,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,lo!flog,Beautiful artwork and unexpectedly promising gameplay. Still early access but the content made me very happy. Looking forward for the release.
76561197970417213,Recommended,451990,24397716,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bendz,"A lovely 20s art style with cell shaded cars and  music from the era all  help to give this game a lot of character. The racing is fun, though the cars do seem overly twitchy at times, often for no obvious reason -iIt feels a little random at times. You will be hitting the reset car key a lot as you progress through the classes but the game is addictive enough to keep you coming back. The wheel to wheel racing is great, with the top down view lending itself well to picking the fastest line through corners.Oh and don't worry about there being no pad support, joytokey works really well. It's shareware and so obviously do teh right thing if you use the tool.Overall this game is really promising. Visually it's great and the controls feel right. Handling just needs a little tweaking."
,Recommended,451990,28767920,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mr.megadream,"Very attractive game I love all of it's design. Creators say ""The game’s engine utilizes real physics in order to mimic the unstable (and quite dangerous) nature of the period’s automobiles."" wow... it's hard at first... but we're getting better :D and it is heaps of fun! Watch me and my kids play here:https://youtu.be/_sYmyU_1MXw"
,Not Recommended,451990,29186020,Posted: 11 January,all,TobbenTM,"This is a really interesting game, with challenging physics, cute art style and cool music.At this point, however, I can't recommend the game, it has (in my experience) a bit too many game breaking bugs with frequent crashes and poor display support (can't run windowed, fullscreen only and commonly starts on the wrong monitor).It feels like an alpha at this point, and should have the Steam early access warnings."
76561198043523245,Not Recommended,451990,31923050,Posted: 23 May,all,StuntmanRich,Great design concept but the physics are hugely frustrating.
,Recommended,451990,25910589,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,gulp.air,"Get ready to drift, but not for drift racing this time!Playing this game evoked a thrill and sensation of playing 90's hit titles like Super Cars II or Death Rally, but without guns and ammo.I have to confess, I've only invested 14 hours of gameplay and have only made it to Class B thus far.  It's a lot harder than it looks and a bit of a time commitment (as many people have commented), but I think that's what makes the game charming.  Most importantly, it's not so hard that it's no longer fun.I actually had to rewrite this post after the August update.  Before the update, I was finding myself hitting the reset car key quite a bit.  After the update, cars seem to have a better grip and are easier to handle.  That said, there is no reset car key anymore! If you can avoid hugging the wooden fences, you're sorted.After all, it's about having fun, not about winning or losing, right?Above all,driver customization is a soft touch,the soundtrack is catchy drawing listener into the era,in-game color palettes with nice cell shaded graphics resemble the vintage racing posters,plus, it gets more fun when you master your controls, preferably with an analog controller.There are still some glitches and visuals/sounds are limited, but Crank & Goggles still worth its price tag. Also, developers seem to be responsive and quick at updating the game.For the future releases, I'm looking forward to opening drive mode, more races, and a storyline about rivals, world news, car makers etc."
76561198039471850,Recommended,451990,24469343,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,pedromgardete,"Lots of nice things about the game. The visuals for starters, and then the racing system. If you want to accelerate throughout, you'll be in deep trouble.Lots of work to be finished though. Here are some things.1. Car veers off forever sometimes, when driver loses control (I'm sure the devs are working on it)2. There is limited engine/braking/skidding sounds right now. Music is fine but not sure it's needed during races. Driving sounds should be enough...3. There is a nice gameplay learning curve, but it's very short. Once you win the first cup, you can basically win all races until the end. Some better rivals would help significantly.4. Couldn't help think that giving a bit more ambiance would go a long way. For example, where's the newspaper talking about the race results? Also, where' my archirival? The racers are more or less anonymous throughout.4a. Tiny point: all racer's names are in the form of ""I. Nitial"", but as players we cannot add the same structure to our name.5. Finally, the fact that there are no people watching the race makes it seem relatively empty overall.In short, lots of promise, but too easy (for now) and the ambiance produced by the graphics could be complemented with a few storytelling aspects. Glad I bought it!"
,Not Recommended,451990,30822900,Posted: 29 March,all,hotpocket fleshlite,"Fun while it lasted. I was really enjoying the game but now, even after full release, I can't even play it. As time went on, game crashes become more and more frequent to the point that if I can even start a match, it crashes before I can finish it."
76561198124525034,Recommended,451990,28518787,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MRCOLVAN1,sooo good
76561198344058791,Not Recommended,451990,28580741,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Trenchdigger,"Being A fan of this era of cars I was hoping  it was going to be more like stadium trucks from the 90's but with this type of cars but how wrong I was . In stadium trucks you could see the course with this game you cannot. In fact you cant see the corner till its almost to late. don't see the point in real world physics as they say, if you can't see far enough ahead to use them. I was also hopefull for an oval track or two. I find it more frustrating then fun. very dissapointed!"
76561198012227959,Not Recommended,451990,30783807,Posted: 27 March,all,Bullet66,"Three dollars was too much for this game.  I've played several apps that do realistic top down racing so much better.  Start with GeneRally (for free on the internet) and then go to Absolute Drift here on Steam, then try playing this game.  The visuals are okay, but they don't hold their charm.  The sound track and sound design are repetitive, there is one track in Wales where you hear the same sheep sample about 12 times a lap.  The gameplay is pretty thin really.  I just don't feel like there's a lot to bring me back.  Especially not compared to GeneRally which had thousands of cars and tracks, and customizable championships, a track editor, a car editor, AND even the postrace fireworks are better.  And its free...  AND that one will run in 2560 x 1440.  I wanted to like this, I bought it right after I saw it go on sale, but now I'm not interested."
,Not Recommended,451990,28725450,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,xXx-D4rK-J34n-M4r13-xXx,"This game is cute. It's a beautiful tiny racing game. That was for the positive aspects.Negative points now: cars are mayhem to drive. Don't ever think about doing a neat lap, go buy F1 2016 instead, much easier. Seems like logic appeared after the 20's: braking stabilizes your car, althought it looks like you block all four wheels every time you brush your brakes; you lose the back end as soon as you let the gas go (in real life, isn't it when you speed up too much? Just wondering). & for those who were wondering if the AI level's too low: your opponents drive cars that appear much more stable than yours. Be prepared to get lapped multiple times in a 3-laps race on a tiny circuit (not even kidding).That my friends, is a definition of a game that's meant to make you lose. If you like challenges, if you like to fight against other racers to the win, if you adore race twists, then don't buy it. If you like to finish last & be slower than a race marshal, then don't hesitate! (Just keep in mind that the devs won't guarantee your gamepad)It is not that bad though. There are plenty of good ideas, & throwing racecar fans like me back to the 20s is a not-so-common yet brilliant idea. But this game craves for updates to make the player more competitive against the computer. Don't spend your money too fast on it (& by too fast I mean right now), save it for later."
76561197987840030,Not Recommended,451990,30880719,Posted: 1 April,all,mocky,Only...unplayable the cars not drive fine on the ice!!!
76561198165889811,Recommended,451990,31208015,Posted: 17 April,all,elitheotaku,"Great game. The cars are fun to drive (though frustrating at times), the tracks are all very different, and all cars handle differently. I would like to see three tracks though, a dirt oval, a board oval, and a paved oval. Also  I'd like to see some other drivers win besides M. Atkins."
,Not Recommended,451990,25478474,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Paul,"I've tried to llike this game for a long time now, but I just can't. The handling is just too weird and ultimately ruins the fun. I've used an Xbox 360 controller, a Steam controller's gyro control, a Logitech G27 wheel, and the keyboard. In all cases, the car control is just bad.I really like the style, the theme, the art direction, and the (limited) music. I just wish I found it actually fun to play.."
76561198158589677,Recommended,451990,33582390,Posted: 16 July,all,mele2541,"Very cool game. I wish there were more racing games like this with old-timer vehicles (old motorbikes). Beautiful to look at with excellent colour choices, nice sounds and fitting music. Nice variety of tracks too. Takes a bit to get into the driving physics, but I really enjoy them and they give a good feeling like driving an old race car. Lovely!Game has never crashed on me."
,Recommended,451990,33581265,Posted: 16 July,all,ro,"A fun and charming top-down racer set in the early years of motor racing. The game is quite difficult to master since the handling of the cars is not easy which makes it easy to make big mistakes. On the other hand the AI is not that good, so once you are good at handling the car, you won't have much opposition unless you go to multiplayer.One thing which would elevate this game further is a track editor. As it is now, the track selection is quite limited (around 15 tracks). And local multiplayer would be really nice.A nice soundtrack complements the game."
,Not Recommended,451990,29051606,Posted: 5 January,all,BurnoutGT45,"TLDR: Cranks and Goggles is a very interesting concept and an impressive first effort, but there are simply other racing games that do (what this one aims for) that much better for me to recommend it to anyone but the most hardcore of racing game fans.Cranks and Goggles is asimulationarcaderacing game set in the 1920's featuring old-fashioned machines racing around locations loosely inspired by real ones around the world. Notice how I striked out simulation AND arcade, because this game tries to mix the two together.The simulation element stems from the developer's intention to base the car handling off of real car data. Now, I have no frame of reference to compare for this, but IMO the handling model here is pretty good. It's brutal and each car is VERY different, but the car handling is mostly solid. The arcade element comes from the top-down camera perspective similar to Micro Machines and racing games of that nature.All this does sound promising on paper. The problem here is in spite of a developer message on the menu stating the game is in BETA, this game literallyfeels unfinished, as if they took off the early access label (since that's where this game previously was prior to its 1.0 launch) too early. I can't speak for everyone, but when I see a game's release notes state the game has reached 1.0 Beta one day prior to its full release, to me that means the game is done content and gameplay-wise and they're just looking for bugs. Nope,what's here 3 months after said 1.0 launch is still beta, and it shows.Here's what I mean when I say this game feels unfinished:By ""lovely nostalgic soundtrack"", the devs mean: 4 racing songs that total less than 10 minutes in music time, and 1 menu song. They're not bad songs, but there's nowhere near enough of them. It gets repetitive quickly.This game's career mode is short. And by short, I mean there are 21 events, 16 of them are single races that end in approx. 3 minutes each, 4 of them are championships with 3 reused tracks each, and then one last championship with 5 more reused tracks. I know the game's price is only $5.99, but it does feel a little on the light side. There are some time trials as well, but once you get a grasp on the game's handling model, the game is over in under 4 hours (unless you want all the achievements) and getting all Golds in the time trials with a C-class vehicle is very easy. The time trial part of the game is over before it even starts. (That developer message did say something about improving time trials, but I'm just reviewing what I played.)Selecting quick race on the main menu doesn't let you pick a car and track. The game randomly picks a car and track for you. To me, it's a little odd there isn't a single race mode instead.The collision physics are just bizarre. If the car hits a wall, you'll probably spin (which makes sense considering the kinds of cars that you drive here), but if you turn into a corner with the throttle all the way down and the tire directly connects with the barrier on an angle, you'll just slide off the barrier and keep your forward momentum.There are quite a few visual hiccups. First, in-game Vsync is nonexistent, meaning the game runs way above 60fps at all times. This doesn't sound so bad, except in-game the motion looks really choppy due to the fluctuating framerate that literally has no cap, reaching up to 1000+ fps in the menus and 200-300 fps while racing, creating this weird stutter effect which makes the game look way worse than it should. Limiting the game's FPS via graphics driver settings (Nvidia control panel, AMD Catalyst, etc.) fixes this and makes the game look a lot smoother, but it seems unnecessary.Second on visuals, hitting a tire stack (which most of the tracks will have them on the curbs of corners) will cause the game to freeze for half a second, then resume. Why it does this, I have no idea, but it's incredibly jarring when it happens.Last but not least on the visual front, many tracks have clipping textures on the ground where you can see the grass rise through the road.It's a bunch of rough spots in a game that's otherwise very stylish in terms of its visual appearance.The AI...oh boy. As much as I love the Gran Turismo series, the AI in those games is way too slow in the corners and guess what? That happens here, in a completely unrelated game as well, in almost every race except for Pinzana, one of the later races, where they will relentlessly chase you by driving so hard they smash into the outer barrier......and THEN the AI will glitch out and eitherA) drive endlessly into those barriers or trees in front of them instead of turning 90 degreesorB) drive endlessly out of bounds if they get knocked out either by the player or the other AI drivers.Speaking of Pinzana, the menu says it's a 5-lap race which makes sense considering the simple layout and A-class competition. However, it's only 2 laps when you start it. Also, one of the other races, Bersenbrück, says it's a 3 lap race when it's really a 2 lap race in-game AND has a drastically different layout than the menu map suggests for the latter half of each lap.Finally, here's my subjective opinion on the camera: There should have been multiple camera options, like Little Racers STREET. Give the player a camera closer to the car's rear bumper so the player can actually see corners that are coming up without blindly guessing based on the mini-map. Typically, this isn't much of a problem in top-down racing games, but due to this game's realistic physics (and the fact that braking too late can cause a bad spin or crash) this problem is made much worse than it should be.All this adds up to a game with style over substance, a great concept let down by some odd design choices. Most of the above would more than likely still apply in multiplayer, if there's even anyone playing online.I haven't checked and I'm in no rush to be honest.Recommendation:If you like top-down racing games,Little Racers STREETorToybox Turbosare both fantastic. The latter is short but sweet, and the former is a little on the low budget side, but it'll take you time to do everything it has to offer. If you're looking for a good simulation racing game, well I'll admit I'm not a sim racer expert butAutomobilistais one I've been going back to again and again. There may not be much gameplay progression, but there is a lot of fun racing to be had, and now that mods are coming out, it will only get better with time.It's just a real shame about Cranks and Goggles. I know this was released out of early access in public beta form (which I'm really against this and hopefully this doesn't become a standard practice considering another gameBIOSdid almost the same thing; in my opinion,early access IS opt-in public beta) and hopefully updates make this better. That being said, in its current form it's missing that extra layer of polish and I can't recommend it unless you've played everything else racing-wise on Steam.Also: According to The Wayback Machine, the original early access version back in June was already mostly content-complete after being ""in development for 10 months"", so what happened in the other 6 months leading to the 1.0 beta release? Also, 3 months for a small bugfix? That's...odd."
76561198066055408,Not Recommended,451990,30872156,Posted: 1 April,all,steelcitydubber,"This game is hard. Really hard. At the moment i'm 2 hours in, which is a LOT of 3 minute races. My average finish is 5th or last and i've fluked a 2nd and a 3rd out of probably 100 races so far. I have upgraded my car which has made it worse! Upgrades are a good idea, but perhaps you could specify what to upgrade (just handling would be my choice at the moment, adding speed later)The AI is good, they mess up occassionaly and don't slow down for you!At the moment, controlling the car is just too hard. Trying to get a feel for the car is impossible. It oversteers like a RWD if you let off the throttle before a slight change in direction, but understeers madly if you don't. This felt exciting and interesting when I first started - I couldnt wait for the learning curve to kick in and for things to improve, however it is so difficult to understand what is going on, and the margin for error so tiny, that the excitement gave way to frustration and is now bordering on apathy. (note: i'm a seasoned gamer and I love racing games, driving sims etc). I would understand if the starter car was underpowered but had fairly decent handling, but it doesnt. You nail the throttle to keep up, but have to guess the corner before you can see it in order to start a drift, which seems the only way to corner competitively. If you keep the trottle on you understeer into the wall. Let off while turning and you spin instantly.I feel like I have started the game in 'insane' mode, with all assists off.Perhaps its would be easier with a controller or even a steering wheel.Watch the launch video - those amazing turns are very very rare and feel a lot like luck! Most of the time I end up clipping a fence which spins me around and its race over.  If you make more than 1 mistake on the first lap you may as well restart straight away, there is no way you are going to finish 3rd once the other cars are not visible on the minimap.Which is another issue. You cant see where you are going, and you can't adjust the zoom even a tiny bit. You need to watch your fishtailing car so hard to keep it from spinning that you cant dare look too far ahead, and given the way the screen spins it is very difficult to get used to the subtle changes in direction of the car which give away how it is reacting to your driving, and that's how you would learn to tame these beastly machines.For those who would say 'its actually a great sim of how these old cars used to drive' ... terrible grip, crazy weight distribution, unforgiveable handling... perhaps. but they weren't driving while looking down on them from above, with only a second of track visible and the car turning constantly on the screen. I'm also not sure if they ever drove this fast on gravel or sand, which is what the surface feels like. Maybe a level of tracks comprised of only tarmac would make the start easier. Perhaps also with walls that didnt automatically spin you around if you hit them, like the fences and boxes do.FYI the first and last tracks seem a lot more forgiving than the middle tracks, I must have now played the second track 40 times in a row and I'm not getting any better!, i should be learning and improving.It is fun. And cheap at the moment, but it should be called 'impossible race' IMO. Please consider an easier start, a tutorial in case i'm missing something, and a slightly less severe starting difficulty somehow.Its hard to know whether to recommend this or not, at the moment i'd go for 'interesting and addictive but sabotaged by impossible learning curve and vicious starting difficulty'. I'm going to leave the game here but I will be back for every update in the hope that they tweak the handling in the direction of 'rewarding' rather than 'frustrating'.Pro: Looks great. Right up my street without being too 'crossy road' blocky.Pro: The rest of the package - levels look great fun, i like the idea of progressing through classes only when you win enough. A lot of love has gone into this so far.Pro: Is hard enough to be interesting and challenging...Pro: the odd occasiion you get a corner spot on is very satisfying but feels too much like luck.Con: ...but too hard to be rewarding at the moment.Con: Very hard to see what is actually going on with the car. I still cant work out if im driving a FWD or RWD car, it seems to have characteristics of both without the benefits of either.! Where is the weight? The physics need tweaking one way or another.I think this game will go in the right direction, so i'm going to recommend it, but it was close, i wont be playing for a while because i dont want to hate this game!"
