user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,452060,32282757,Posted: 8 June,all,Skinn Kong,"Its really sad to see a project you really enjoy have the glaring issue that this one has.So I have been playing this title since the beta was added to steam. It managed to capture the same feeling in me that spelunky had back in the day although with a variety of added elements to keep it fresh. I enjoyed it to the point of playing 120+ hours of it and loved every second of it.That honestly hasn't changed, at is core it is still the same game and I am enjoying playing through and experiencing the new content... well some of the new content.With the public release more effort has been put in to add a narrative to the game. This is where the issue lies. While I didn't go in expecting anything close to 'deepest lore' I was expecting it to be in the very least entertaining, instead it is something closer to what I would expect from a 15 year old COD player. Lines like 'faplord' really break me out of the moment and leave me cringing and entire dialogue sessions in the main room leave me wondering what the hell the developers were thinking. Really it makes the project feel like someones child has come in and drawn on the walls, effectively cheapening the entire experience.It wont stop me playing the game because mechanically it is great, it just has one embarrasing flaw in the form of a 'story'"
,Recommended,452060,22192689,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr. Doop,"Oh man, I just found my favourite game.I've played Terraria, Risk of Rain, Titan Souls, Brogue etc.In Terraria, the dungeon stays the same difficulty and you always seem to run out of arrows.In Risk of Rain, the same maps are repeated.In Titan Souls, Some of the bosses start to seem like chores.In Brouge (an old ascii rouglike), My highest ever score was floor 10 (out of 26).Caveblazers gets the best of all of these games and makes gameplay rewarding, thus somehow cramps everything into a small data file that made me forget how to food.If you like any of the games mentioned above, I highly recomend Caveblazers.I wish there was a 'hell yes' recomendation option. :DAlso the dev is really nice and is really active!"
,Recommended,452060,32038399,Posted: 29 May,all,Nasthesy,"If the Steam trailer doesn't make you want to play it, probably nothing else will."
,Recommended,452060,31971647,Posted: 26 May,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Caveblazershas had a long road of developement with substantial changes, and the end result was well worth it.Very fun, and very addicting gameplay loop. Painting with broad brush-strokes, I'd call this an action-orientedSpelunky. The platforming is butter smooth and feels quite satisfying (I played with a gamepad). I like the progress bar that fills up after each run and unlocks things at the hub. The price point is a bit low, if you ask me.The tight controls coupled with great artwork and music just make for an overall great experience.There are lots of buffs and detriments throughout each run that can vastly change the style of play. The loadouts at the main hub are really great - and add a layer of strategy;do you want to play a magic-user or archer?Among many other unlockable 'classes'. Lots of neat functional options, and even cosmetic ones, too.Not a whole lot else to say - the roguelite crowd should know exactly what they are getting into here.Pros:+Super addictive action-orientedSpelunky+Hub upgrades (I'm hesitant to call them permanent upgrades, because you don't *really* become more buff with each run, more so they are just access to different play styles)+Daily runs+Great artwork and music; overall production is high+Playing with the gamepad feels great+Definitely skill-based play, but learning happens quickly+Quite cheap for the high quality contentCons:-Because this was in developement for so long, there are probably some innacurate negative reviews at this point - read them critically; while they may not be 'wrong' per-se, they may not be reviewing the final versionWell worth the money, if this looks like something you'd be into."
76561198072604105,Recommended,452060,23337673,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Beast Mastese,"It's hard to keep my attention nowadays. I picked up Caveblazers on a whim because I'm one of the few who enjoy, not only early access titles, but bargain kicks by indie developers. With only a couple hours in here, let's recap what I've found:1) Evolving Early Access title with low risk (+)2) Bargain at <$5 (+)3) Replayability that keeps me coming back (+)4) Unique concept with crazy NPC AI (+)5) Platformer with controller support (+)6) Cute retro graphics that even my laptop can crank (+)7) Lots of unique loot (+)8) Procedural generation keeps it fresh (+)9) Satisfying, even in quick doses (+)10) Just good, solid fun (+)That's a lot of pluses with a minimal investment. If you're looking for a fresh take on a platfrom roguelike, and you're into having a good time...pick this up!"
76561198027934667,Recommended,452060,34296006,Posted: 16 August,all,verarticus,"Man, what a good game. I've nearly completed all there is to this game, and am still going back to play it again and again. I recommend this game if you like things like rogue legacy, spelunky, or other games similar to them. Despite my praises though there are some issues that are really annoying with this game. I'm gonna list the pros first.PROS:-Enemies don't have hurting collision boxes. They have to actually be doing an attack to hit you. Nice change of pace fromother games.-Items are varied. There's a lot of items that bring different effects and use to the game, there's some generic stuff butenough unique things to make each run interesting for the most part.-There's not an arbitrary time limit. (For the most part, more on this later)-Bosses are interesting to fight. I say interesting cause they are, most of it fun but...a couple are BS.-Multiple layers of gameplay changing elements. You have perks which you choose BEFORE you start the run that cancan your playstyle, you get blessings in game that give you various bonus effects that can change your playstyle, anditems have varied effects and uses changing yourplaystle even more. What I'm saying is it doesn't really get boring.-Combat is amazing. You have melee attacks, with most weapons having standard swing combos, upward swings andsome have downward fallling stabs for pogoing. You also have your bow that can be aimed in 8 directions at any timeand fired quickly. Movement is nice for positioning (if not perhaps a little slipperly at times) and since enemys actuallyhave to attack to hurt you you can dodge them or even class attacks to negate damage.Now despite my praises there are some big issues. Don't let these deter you from at least TRYING the game though, part of this is just venting but is still legitimate annoyances.Enemies start out being fun, but then progressively get more BS as you get further in a run. Not hard, just flat out BS. Ranged enemies can instantly quickshot you from every angles and miles away while they're rapidly jumping and scrabling over every corner and wall and gap trying to reach you. You don't get nearly enough warning for ranged attacks either, by the time you see the arrow appear and jump it's too late. This only gets worse later on when enemies get litterally instant travel time rifle shots, and tri-shot sticky bombs that make dodging them nearly impossible.There's also two enemis that I would call suiciders. A small blue slime that jumps and flings itself at you at high speed, bouncing around the ground and walls, and a swarm of explosive fireflys. The blue slime is everywhere at the start of the game and is easily the most BS early on. Touch it? Explode. Melee it? Explode. Range kill? Explode. There is no way to deal with this enemy without it exploding. It does moderate damage (10 to 20 depending on relics activated) and explodes in about a 3 block radius around itself destroying all land. The fireflys are only in a few levels and litterally revolves around just baiting them to attack enough until they just die. They fire a part of them self instantly toward you and it explodes on contact with anything (thankfully NOT destroying terain) and you can maybe, MAYBE get a shot off on it to speed the kill up slightly. When they get low on health they then just dissipate and fire off like 6 of themself in random directions but now SLIGHTLY slower and moderately homing.The game also has a horrible curve in playstyle. levels 1-4 you can use anything. Level 5-8 you better have some decent range at this point or you're likely dead since almost everything now has range. 9-10 and final boss. You're ranged now, weather you're equiped for it or not. Melee is not an option since you're 99% likely to get hit back harder by everything and shot/exploded to pieces trying to get in range.Boss. I haven't seen two of the bosses as of writing this. Of the ones I've seen one of them is BS since dodging its major attack comes down to luck in either having mobility blessings or items to help vertical movement or just having his attack happen when he's not spinning. The other boss has a mildly hard to dodge attack that's about as close to an instant kill as this game has (attack wise) and is just obnoxiously tanky. Like, you'll spend a good 6+ mins fighting this damn thing usually. The story-wise final boss also can't really be fought with melee. So that ties in with the playstyle imbalance.I also want to add in a note about Relics here. There's five of them, and 4 of them are pretty great and change gameplay adding things and tweaking stuff. There's one however that just adds an annoying time limit to every floor that will instantly kill you if you don't go fast enough. (a slow moving purple fog from the top of the level) This wouldn't be an issue since it's technically optional. But some items are locked behind doing things while this is on. Just rather annoying that something I praise the game for (no time limit) ultimately has to be turned off to 100% finish the game.Again, DON'T LET THESE GRIPES DETER YOU FROM AT LEAST TRYING THE GAME. Just make note of these and realise this going in."
,Recommended,452060,34113282,Posted: 8 August,all,H.P. LikebutnotLIKElikecraft,"A fun, challenging rogue-lite game.  I've seen it compared to Spleunky, but with more RPG elements.  I personally couldn't get in to Spleunky, but I've enjoyed this greatly.I want to get the negatives out of the way first.  When I started playing it, I thought I had made a mistake buying it.  Combat is relatively straight forwards (melee or shoot bow in 8 directions), and I found it to be a combination of somehow too difficult and too simplistic simultaneously.  There's also a fair amount of RNG in drops and level design.  On top of that, there are 8 different potions that can have either negative or positive effects, and you have to drink them to find out.  Losing because you drank a blue potion that set you on fire can be infuriating.  Also, there are around 6 different bosses, who quickly get repetitive to fight (there is a boss every 2 levels).So those are the negative.  Now the positives.I said the combat was simplistic at first, but it quickly becomes more interesting.  Once you start completing challenges (like finishing a level without losing any health or getting 3 negative potion effects in a row), the game gets much more interesting.  There are a massive variety of weapons, perks, and bonuses, ranging from being immune to poison to firing explosive arrows or getting an extra life.  You can also upgrade weapons at altars if you find two of the same weapon.  Going from starting with a simple sword and bow to triple jumping off walls, performing an explosive downwards strike, finishing off an approaching enemy with magic sticky bombs, and having projectiles from it's dead body hone in on and kill another enemy is pretty great.There are also multiple types of altars, unlockable secret runes that dramatically change the gameplay, and 4 world types (plus one secret one) with dozens of enemy types.  Figuring out the game's secrets, as well as learning how systems function, is extremely satisfying.Storywise, there isn't really one to speak of, but that's not unusual for rogue-like games.  Bad person somewhere, go kill them.  There, done.  That's not the point of the game, so I don't think it matters.To sum up my experience, it took me 121 attempts to get to and beat the final boss, and I don't regret any of them.  I've beaten him multiple times now, and I still have things to unlock.  The game takes about an hour or so to beat, and I have almost 70 hours of play time, so that should be a clue as to how I feel about it.  Combine that with the low price, and you get a full recommendation from me."
76561198248062520,Recommended,452060,26617083,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hanky panky canoodling,Spelunky has a baby with Risk of Rain and Vagant is the creepy uncle
,Recommended,452060,32092530,Posted: 31 May,all,Robdosh,Great game where every run I find something new. It's like spelunky and risk of rain had a baby.Hopefully you guys release a way to play with friends.
,Recommended,452060,31433068,Posted: 28 April,all,a big dork,"Holy.F*cking.Sh*t.This is what happens when you take Risk of Rain's love for tons of items and tough enemies, Spelunky's awesome cave-exploring, loot hoarding gameplay, and Meatboy's platforming and mix it all into one potluck of goodness.This game is pretty goddamn frustrating, and isn't exactly friendly to new players. That didn't stop me from buying it and sinking 7 hours into it in about 3 days of mild computer-accessy time. If you're a fan of rogue-lite/platformer games a-la Spelunky, Meatboy (respectively), you'll probably enjoy this. The combat is very fluid and the controls are easy to handle on Controller or Keyboard. Gameplay is linear and it's very satisfying exploring new areas and defeating bosses. The variety of perks - dubbed blessings - and gear allow for a multitude of playstyles based on what you find.All in all, a solid game, and definitely worth the $4.99 pricetag. Factor in that the game is *already* (in my opinion) worth $4.99, and is *still* being developed...Baby, you got a stew going!P.S. At the time of writing this, the game is still in Early Access. It's not a 'finished' game, and it's hard to tell if it will be finished, as many Steam Early Access games suffer terrible fates of developer-apathy. Despite this, the game at its current build is fun as ♥♥♥♥, and totally worth the $4.99 cost."
,Recommended,452060,33740012,Posted: 23 July,all,Misery,"I've been a fan of this genre for a long time now.  The idea of platformer + roguelike has always been something that seemed to have the potential to be amazing.  Spelunky, thusly, should have been a great one for me, but I just couldnt get into it.  A seriously dull speedrun meta, among all sorts of other things, kept it feeling shallow and uninteresting to me.  Enter Caveblazers:  The game that is everything I had wanted Spelunky to be.... but with some seriously monstrous balance problems.  We'll get to those in a bit.If you've seen Spelunky, you know the basics here:  Start at the top of each level and work your way down to the exit.  No time limit here though:  Where Spelunky obsessed over rushing, Caveblazers encourages actual exploration through it's sprawling levels.  And it gives you loads of incentives, as unlike Spelunky, Caveblazers will drown you in all sorts of items and things to find.  You're well rewarded for your efforts when it comes to exploration.The items, actually, are one of the things that really stick out here.  You have a full equipment setup... you have a sword, a ranged weapon, a magic item (activated thing), and two rings (some things can give you extra ring slots).   There are about a squillion of each type of item, and choosing the correct ones for your build and the current situation is something that is very important here.  The way the game is, there isnt really any ""best"" setup.  And often, an item that is a good idea on one run may be a bad idea on the next.  It's up to you to manage your equipment properly and make the correct choices.  In addition to that, there are blessings, permanent passive effects that add further to your build.   All of these things take the exploration aspect of the game and make it really mean something.  Finding the right stuff for your character due to exploring and chopping your way through hordes of monsters is just outright satisfying here (particularly considering the Perks, which are effectively classes that you choose from before each run), and there's a bewildering array of things to find (and unlock).Speaking of chopping through monsters, the combat is certainly noteworthy as well.  Melee combat consists of a 3-hit combo, with the last hit being a ""heavy"" attack that sometimes has special properties.  Ranged combat is done twin-stick style, except that it's stuck to an 8-way aiming system... not 360-degrees.  On paper, this sounds bad.  In practice, it actually works very well, and the entire game is setup around this.  Orcs, the most common enemy type, are also restricted to this aiming method.  And lastly, you have your magic items, which charge up over time and can be activated to produce powerful effects to help you in battle.  Combat as a whole is fast, visceral, chaotic, and soooooo much fun.  I daresay it's some of the best combat I've ever seen in the genre, regardless of what you're up against.  And you'll be up against quite alot of opposition.  Your enemies are many, swarming you at all times, and there are many types.  Orcs are the most common, though there are many types of Orcs, getting more and more dangerous as the game goes on.  Orcs have both swords and bows just like you do (some have even worse things), but they're particularly notable for their ability to traverse the level.  Just like you, they have the ability to wall jump (think Super Meatboy, that sort of wall jump), and thus the ability to climb upward to reach any part of the level.... and their advanced pathfinding AI means that they can do just that.  You are never safe from these guys, and they are absolutely everywhere.  In addition, there's all sorts of other crazy things out to get you, from flying skulls, to horrible, horrible poisonous bouncing slimes that can float in the air and throw the most annoying projectiles ever.   Enemy designs are very well done here, and well thought out.  They all  really add to the fun and excitement of the game's combat system.   And of course, there are gigantic bosses.... also very well done.   These guys feel properly epic (usually), and add alot of challenge.Lastly, there are lots of secrets to be found, and all sorts of things to unlock, such as outfits to customize your character with.  Some things unlock as you keep playing the game, others require that you fulfill special conditions.  There are also very special things called Relics to find.  Exactly five of them to get, and when you have them, you can choose to activate each one before starting a run, and they have a HUGE effect on the run, adding entire game mechanics to the mix.But here is where we come to the problems I mentioned earlier:  The balance issues.   Lets get the big one out of the way:  The 5-Relic run.  Where, obviously, you activate all 5 relics at once, and attempt to get through the game.  I wont spoil the reason for doing this, but it is important.... however, it's a complete and utter disaster.  Possibly the worst balanced thing I've seen in the entire genre.  NOBODY likes doing this.  Nobody.  The fun drains out of the game, and chances are, so will your sanity.   The difficulty goes berserk, but not in a good way:  This will add boatloads of artificial difficulty to the game, and a seriously extreme reliance on RNG... not a good thing in a game that's clearly supposed to be about skill and decision making.  The entire experience just completely falls apart here.  The fact that there is a pretty big amount of content gated behind this (as you'd expect, since that's how these games always work) makes this extremely frustrating.  You'll die over... and over... and over.... and over, and most of the time, it WONT be fair.  There are assorted other balance issues in the game that really need a fix as well... I wont go into detail here, but you're probably going to know them when you meet them.  There's also some things that are just very strange design decisions, such as potions, which just plain dont fit the game at all, and can be extremely annoying. Quite alot of issues, yet the game just hasnt gotten much in the way of updates yet.   This means that the game has absolutely incredible potential... but it cannot meet it yet.That, however, does not stop this one from being pretty darned incredible.  The fantastic, varied, and deep gameplay and high challenge constantly makes for that ""one more run"" feeling, even when it's being aggravating.  While the problems it has are unfortunate, it's still an absolute blast to play, and an absolute steal for the price.  As far as I'm concerned, this is a classic."
76561198073841664,Recommended,452060,31963662,Posted: 25 May,all,gonzo191,"Caveblazers is a mechanically sound action rogue-lite platformer in which you traverse a cave system, utilising many weapons, items, accessories and powerups while engaging in satisfying combat against the local flora and fauna whilst on your quest. In short, Caveblazers is a more combat focused Spelunky and that means it demands your utmost attention otherwise you're going to die.TL;DRCaveblazers is a great rogue-lite platformer with an exquisite combat flow, interesting supporting mechanics and intelligent AI design where the game flow demands your attention in order to make progress throughout the game.ProsSatisfying CombatThe combat present in the game exudes a certain level of style when engaged in battle against multiple foes. If you stay in one location when grouped up you will die but if you manipulate the situation you'll come out the victor. In terms of satisfaction, it's neck and neck to the newly minted Dead Cells if we're speaking about deadly combat proficiency. You can perform a simple 3 hit combo, upward slash, a pogo stomp and a parry if timed correctly with the equipped melee weapon or perform ranged attacks with your ranged weapon.Tight Controls (Gamepad)The controls are extremely tight, there's no weird movement nonsense or design concession as found in the recent Flinthook. This is paramount in the way you can traverse a level whereby you can perform certain types of jumps and wall slides often found in hardcore platformers like Super Meat Boy in order to acquire powerups/weapons or access certain parts of the level. Movement is neither slippery nor sloppy and you're not floaty when jumping either.Perk SystemUnlike Rogue Legacy which I'm seeing it being compared to, there's no permanent progression and as said prior it's more akin to Spelunky. However, unlike Spelunky, you can unlock several perks after each run depending on the points gathered per run which vary the play style of your future runs. Think of the perks as different starting characters from The Binding of Isaac. Each unlocked perk may alter your style minimally like with the Twofold perk where you can fire an additional arrow from bows but you don't start with a melee weapon or dramatically like with the Vampire perk where you lose 1 health for every second and food stuff no longer heals but you have melee life steal and strength is tied to you remaining health. It's a fun system which allows for experimentation and 'twin specing'.Interesting Weapons/ItemsVarious weapons/items can be found throughout the game and may come with positive qualities like with the poison/flame swords which apply an additional DoT onto damaged targets or negative qualities like the Crystal Sword which has a high rate of attack but has an increased damage taken multiplier. This however, is where things get interesting. If you find 2 of the same weapon i.e. Crystal Sword x2, you can combine them at an Alter which appears once per area and transmute them into a Super version which is generally stronger than the base without the majority of negative quirks. The same can be done for magical items and rings, so this makes weapon and item selection exciting and enjoyable.Enjoyable BlessingsBlessings are the powerups/pickups of this game. They can augment your run, skills, combat proficiency and resistances and can range from simple attack/defence ups to life steal per kill or gaining a protective shield on enemy death with melee. Much like the weapon combination mentioned above, blessings can be levelled up to a second tier which greatly changes their abilities to some extent for the majority or utterly ruins them altogether depending on the situation. The choice is ultimately yours.Certain blessings can alter your current perk so much that you end up ‘twin spec-ing’ into another perk altogether. Blessings like the Twofold blessing allows you to fire an additional arrow on Tier 1 by chance but will grant an additional on Tier 2 regardless and can stack if you chose the similar starting perk i.e. if you chose the Twofold perk and got the Twofold blessing x2, that’s a guaranteed 3 arrows per shot.Intelligent AI (Relatively)I must say, the AI is WAY more intelligent than most other rogue-lites. Oftentimes in other rogue-lites you’ll get simple patrolling enemy who attacks you on sight and then returns to their patrol if they lose sight of you. Not here, once alerted they will path to you to the best of their abilities and frequently perform wall jumps/slides in their pursuit of settling their bloodlust. All enemies hit extremely hard and are proficient in their combat abilities. The beginner enemies you'll encounter can range from ones that can throw spears with near pinpoint accuracy and parry melee attacks other will home onto your position if alerted. The added intelligence of the AI greatly aids the game's combat flow. Even though the AI is more intelligent than most other games it can still be cheesed for given situations if you know how.ShrinesThere are no shops in the game per se. In their stead, you're given several shrines where you can acquire various items such as food stuff, potions, weapons etc. Some shrines like the Health Shrine appears once per area and is guaranteed healing of 100 health points for a monetary cost. Others like the Demon Shrine can grant certain high level blessings demanding health as payment.Smooth PerformanceThe performance for the most part, is generally smooth and runs at a steady 60 fps. However, it sometimes dips to 45-50 fps when there are a lot effects like explosions in the latter levels but it quickly fixes itself once the object creating those effects is no longer alive.ConsMinor BugsWhilst the game is generally bug free, there exists a bug which can end you run when facing off against the Goliath (Tetris) boss. The bug is rare and can be triggered by being inside of the eye while engaging in melee. Once enough damage is done it will switch to its stunned phase, killing you with an explosion which normally does no damage whereby you will go from full health to dead. So beware of this.AI travellers can become unresponsive for some reason. Normally they’re adept in combat but sometimes they just sit there and take enemy damage without responding.IrritationsNo Quit to Desktop in Pause MenuThis seems like a strange omission but there's no Quit to Desktop option in the pause menu. In order to quit the game you're required to go through two menus, that being the pause menu which then takes you back to the main menu. Quitting the game should be a 1 step process.AI TravellersYou'll be greeted by AI travellers who represent other travellers like yourself on their way to beat the game. They can become friendly if you engage in combat in their vicinity or by giving items directly. Once friendly, they'll join on your journey, aiding in combat. Great idea, however prior to their willingness to aid you, they have a tendency of stealing items you find, stealing kills (problematic when playing as 2 specific perks), drawing enemy attention to your general direction, run to their deaths, can become bugged out and unresponsive at the most inopportune times often on boss rooms and can stall boss fights as the boss will target them instead of you. Luckily with version 1.0 you can turn them off.VerdictThis has to be one of the most satisfying rogue-lite platformers I've played in recent memory. It combines ideas found in Spelunky and other popular rogue-lites like Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain and adds exquisite combat and intelligent enemy AI design resulting in a memorable experience. It gets a definite recommendation from me and considering the price it's a steal and offers a better, tougher experience than most of its contemporaries."
76561197996573783,Recommended,452060,31937844,Posted: 24 May,all,Pieminator,"It's Risk of Rain + Spelunky and yes, it's really good.Colorful Graphics, Fluid Controls, Good Soundtrack, Unlockables, lots of items and secrets,this is the stuff Any Rouge-like fan would love.Again, if you like Rouge-like games - Buy it, definetly worth your money."
76561198117942290,Recommended,452060,28083568,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ystar,"Looking for the next amazing rogue-like?Caveblazers is it.Deeper than Spelunky.More action than Vagante.and just as addicting as Binding of Isaac.Perfect controls.Perfectly balanced.Tons and tons of items, weapons and accessories.A cool perk system makes each run feel unique.This is hands down my pick for indie game of the year.It's an absolute joy to play!"
,Not Recommended,452060,32785813,Posted: 25 June,all,Kokkusu,"I want to preface this by saying that Caveblazers is a fun, well made, game.Yet, at the same time, it feels more like a demo than anything. I made it about 2 hours in before it got stale, and when it hits that point you begin to see the wallpaper coming away - quickly.The RNG makes some items unreachable, some places impassable and in the worst cases even makes levels impossible.I will say the items are diverse, with a multitide of effects, making it all the worse that you'll likely only see a handful.Maybe the worst part is that I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing this for! There's no overarching character improvement! Nothing seperates one run from another meaning they blur into one.I find everything so interesting yet at the same time so bland.I'd like to reccomend this, I honestly would, yet there's a knawing inside me telling me not to.It's not a bad game, yet nor is it a great one.It is, as Immortan Joe said -""Mediocre"""
,Recommended,452060,32333024,Posted: 10 June,all,Leet_KFC,If you enjoy games like Risk of Rain or Binding or Isaac then chaces are you will like this game.
,Recommended,452060,31944402,Posted: 24 May,all,Athanaric,"If you're a fan of roguelikes and don't mind dying over and over again you'll love this game.  This game takes the item collection of Risk of Rain, the dungeons of Spelunky, and the movement of Super Meat Boy to make an excellent adventure that I can find myself coming back to again and again.  The further you get the more you unlock and more features you have access to, so it gets a little easier each time as long as your skill allows you to progress just a bit further.I recorded my first 2 hours with the game in a livestream which I will link to here in case anyone wants to see how the game progresses during the beginning.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeTgBkCjHWI"
76561198060083307,Recommended,452060,32021993,Posted: 28 May,all,FrogWa,"The fluidity and feel of Broforce, the chaos of Risk of Rain, and the game concept of Spelunky = Caveblazers.Amazing."
76561198036684715,Recommended,452060,32198676,Posted: 5 June,all,Anxarcule,"This is an incredibly fun but very difficult/frustrating game when first starting out - once you push past getting used to the controls it reminds me of a mix between Spelunky and Risk of Rain.  I think it is a little more forgiving than Spelunky (although still quite difficult), and the variety of ""classes"" (perks that you unlock as you play), items, blessings (passive buffs), and relics (similar to artifacts from RoR) keeps things very interesting.A few of my favorite classes include the vampire (lower health pool but gain health after every kill), two fold (shoot 2 arrows instead of one, but have reduced melee ability), swordsman (faster and more damaging melee, weaker range attack), and the cleric (can heal yourself every 30 seconds or so).Overall this is a great indie title that is relatively easy to pick up but hard to master.Highly Recommended!"
76561198026081392,Recommended,452060,32650591,Posted: 22 June,all,Broken Skull,"This is a pretty fun rouge-like 2d platformer.You can jump off the walls similar to Super Meat Boy.The levels are random and some walls need to bebombed to explore hidden areas like in Spelunky.It has the combat of terraria and castlevania yetthe focus is on clearing and defeating bosses.Kind of has a Binding of Isaac feel.Cons: Minor bugs (Just relesaed, to be expected)Overall solid game 9/10"
,Recommended,452060,31940581,Posted: 24 May,all,Eye,"A great game.I played it for a while in early-access, which was already very enjoyable. With it's release, it became much better. I can recommend it completely if you like platforming rouge like games."
,Recommended,452060,29624983,Posted: 1 February,all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"More fun that it looks and it looks like damn good fun.IfRisk of RainandSpelunkyhad a baby, this would be it.Lots of random upgrades and abilities to unlock, switch between, upgrade, stack effects, etc. Unlocking system keeps things simple and focused, as you progress and slowly learn all the items, abilities, shrines and upgrades in general - even keeps the gameplay fresh as you learn the ropes and figure out what progression of items and abilities suits you best (given that you may not always be able to choose specific things, due to randomization), though there is a blessing sytem that allows you to choose any one of three perks (much like the three-chamber pick-one-of-three 'shops' in Risk of Rain).Movement, attack (you start off with melee & ranged weapons), and game in general has a squishy and satisfying feel to it. There is room for improvement and mastery of both movement and weapon mechanics, which brings a pleasant level of required skill and competence to the game.Still in early access and feels like a very well developed title. I'm not sure what else the devs could add to make this game even more fun or solid, as I've not been further than the first boss and only have begun to get under the surface, but if they keep improving from this point onward until release, this will surely become another cult favorite."
,Recommended,452060,31997520,Posted: 27 May,all,odd cabbage,"Early Access  ReviewI've had this game since EA, just doesn't show it as I posted this review after 1.0 version.Even in EA the game was super fun. It's similar to Risk of Rain.Pros:Random terrain generation provides replayability.Starting ""perks"" that provide different starting items or abilities.  Not all are unlocked at start.Customizable character looks.  Not all are unlocked at start.Secret(s) (don't know if there's more than one) to find (hint in spoiler)It's not in the dungeon itself.Different levels with increasing difficulty as you progress.Bosses are usually hard.  Spider boss easy, imo.Two types of items -- permanent items, and usable items.Permanent items can be upgraded at a shrine with 2 of the same item.Friendly AI. (Haven't seen unfriendly as in description, but it might eventually be a thing)Active developers.Local multiplayer coming soon.Permanent stat boosts from items, such as potions.  You can also get bad effects from potions, so drink with caution!Cons:Spikes still need balance changing. Originally 100 damage (instant kill most of the time), now deal 80 damage (still often instant kill or very close to it)Boss patterns are easy to figure out, given a few attempts.Not for people who don't like a challenge (shouldn't be even browsing roguelite or roguelike if this applies)I'll update the cons list when I can think of more. :sein:Although I'm not a professional critic, I'd rate this game.. um..At least 7/10"
,Recommended,452060,32017636,Posted: 28 May,all,EhRa,"Picker up the game last night, played a bit. Instantly addicted. It's heaps of fun, challening but not to the point where you want to quit. Every death makes you want to play more and more, discovering everything. 11/10"
76561198143217499,Recommended,452060,30515280,Posted: 14 March,all,Oresh,"Love this game! Caveblazers is a really challenging 2d rouge-like action game. It's one of the best rouge-like games I've ever encountered!There is quite a bit of exploration, where you get your first potions, bows, swords and blessing and try to remember them all. When you get to know them better, you start creating top list of items, practice with the hard ones (like exploding arrows), swinging your sword non-stop and maximizing shrine and potions use.While you grind through your first levels you keep getting new perks. Although I only use 2 perks, it's fun sometimes to have a brake and try other tactics.It's quite hard to get to the last level, and everything can go wrong and you'll die just in seconds. So you need to be concentrated on the level all the time, even with awesome item/blessing setup.I really enjoy playing it, every time you die it's 100% your fault, and the game doesn't make me nervous at all. Would recommend to all rouge-like/lite fans!"
76561198072338281,Recommended,452060,32858909,Posted: 27 June,all,CleverUsername,"I would say that this game is... decent. Not excellent. Certainly not bad. It is fun to play, but there is very little sense of progress. This, combined with the fact that it is easy to take damage and very difficult to heal, means that you end up repeating the same couple levels over and over again. It gets a little repetative."
76561198045844610,Recommended,452060,23606741,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,defTwitch,"well worth the 5 bucks... looking forward to new contentrogue lite... WELL balanced.  You REALLY should use a controller.At first it seems too hard... which it should.  In time you'll realize you do NOT have to fight everything (and really only should if you happen to have power ups which increase drop chances).  You'll also find that health drops or shrine heal chances are more than reasonable.To those complaining about the other ""caveblazers"" which seem to have no purpose... I couldn't disagree more.  That's kind of the point of the game.  Their AI and difficulty is one of the most dynamic points of the game.You can ignore them (run) if need be.  You must protect drops when they're nearby... aka pick up quickly before they do.  I also enjoy that some are aggresive and others seem to run away.  Without those other npc's running around the normal ""monsters"" would just make this game very akin to many other roguelites out there.  The other play characters make for exciting and ""alive"" moments even though I'm playing solo.Good fun... I'm a huge fan of this genre.  Risk of Rain, Tallowmere, Broforce (kinda the same), etc...This is legit fun.  Crisp controls, great powerups (which aren't too powerful), and the challenge level is good but not unreasonable.I could use a few more music tracks though :P"
,Recommended,452060,28855825,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,basicguitar,"It's challenging, it's fun to play, and it has an absolutely ridiculous amount of potentional.but god ♥♥♥♥ing damn is it frustrating as all hell.healing items are far too scarce, and when you finally do find one, it doesnt heal you for anything close to enough. that,or one of the absolutely horrid npc adventurers will grab and consume it immediately.the npc adventurers nearly ruin this game for me. and that's not an exaggeration, boy howdy do i wish it was.on top of grabbing any item they come across, they randomly become friendly and will follow you around, still grabbing everything if you don't get to the item fast enough. (which happens a lot, because you're usually trying to not die.) i'm guessing they become friendly based on the ""Impression"" feature, which is mentioned only once but absolutely never explained.the ability to toggle npc adventurers on or off would improve my experience greatly. or, even better, just allow me to trade items with them, and have them not consume healing items immediately, especially when theyre above a certain HP threshold.overall, i'd definitely say this game is worth the now 10 bucks. the game is still recieving updates, so a lot if not all of the annoying features will probably get ironed out anyways. the gameplay is already damn solid, and the artstyle and animations are wonderful. (though they might want to make the Cave levels look less like theyre straight out of Spelunky.)UPDATE: as of writing this review, the dev has added a method to pretty much entirely disable npc adventurers. huzzah!"
76561198071421958,Recommended,452060,26041397,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,eternal jape,Vagante+Spelunky=Caveblazers
76561198173920498,Recommended,452060,23403450,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,xXDR P3PSIXx,"after recently buying this game and playing for a solid 5 hours worth heres what i can sayPros- Just how a rogue like game should be, fun, lots of items and fairly challenging- Simple yet great graphics- Very addicting and hard to put down- Controller adaptable (i find it muchy easier to play games with a controller)- Smart AI player's which will either try to hurt you or just leave you beCons- game crashes often saying something like ""fatal error - Out of memory"" which is there is no way it could be for my computer i have way much higher specs than required so PLEASE FIX THIS! it is very annoying when im having a perfect run and boom.. the game crashes- lags quite a lot when using the ankh (not sure if spelt that right) it usually causes game to crash- the hit boxes need a slight change ive hit enemies dead on sometimes they wont take damage- spikes do way too much damage considering the enemies that are in the game for exampel the exploding blue circle that launchs itself at you im pretty sure an explosion should be doing more damage than spikes are i advise adding maybe a height based damage mechanic for the spikes this will make it more fair especially for players who are just trying to get around them.all in all its a great game to play but it needs to fix these bugs and problems that are in the game. i know its in early access so i hope to see as i play the game that those problems are fixed and maybe some more features are added like character customizing, unlockable characters with different start weapons!for now i reccomend playing this game but just be wary of the bugs/problems that have been noted above!Great work producers i hope to see this game in a better state i will keep updating this review as i play this game!"
,Recommended,452060,29329320,Posted: 17 January,all,clas1k,"Fun rouge-like, but has a very high difficulty. Healing items are scarce and arrows can only be fired in 8 directions (which is more of a me problem), but this game is off to a good start. Multiplayer would be a great touch."
,Recommended,452060,31966007,Posted: 25 May,all,Nordek,"OverviewChallenging rouge-like game. Random world generation makes it playable for hours at a time, and the amount of melee weapons, bows, magical objects and buffs there are make every playthrough different, but on a much larger scale to what I have seen before.Likes-Perfectly balanced combat system. Punished harshly for screwing up-Difficulty level is smack bang in the middle. Not so easy, but not to hard-Looping soundtrack is pleasing to listen toDislikes-Spikes take 80hp on hit. Too harsh for an object that is so common-There is story, but little of itFinal ThoughtsExtremely fun, well balanced game. I'd give it a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,452060,31957787,Posted: 25 May,all,MrFeeny,"Just like everyone said, Risk of Rain meets Spelunky! Well worth the 10 bucks, even if it is luck driven and not fully balanced. 10/10 would smash again!"
,Recommended,452060,33683257,Posted: 20 July,all,An actual porkchop,It's basically Spelunky with more stuff and bosses on paper but it has it's own unique charm. If you're a fan of rougelikes and/or platformers than it's easily worth the 10 euro.
,Recommended,452060,34230243,Posted: 14 August,all,Garbage,"Really enjoy this game. Just as the other reviews have said, it's just like spelunky, but better with twists. Spelunky tried too hard, this game goes straight in, and makes you feel comfy. I like the humor of it too, makes the gameplay a hell of a lot better. The sad thing is, I watched the trailer and thought i'd have a funny af Aussie talking to me the whole time while playing, which would be so enjoyable, but sadly there isn't. They sound like people from Snoopy or some show that everyone used to watch that people mumble in. Very great game though, please keep the updates flowin'!!"
,Recommended,452060,31951774,Posted: 25 May,all,Synsky,"Just got the game after watching Lewis and Turps playing it.Only played it for 45 minutes. But i'm already in love.The game has a really nostalgic feeling to it. Good music, exciting battles and hard bosses.This game is worth the money."
,Recommended,452060,22190254,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,blight0r,"Just thought I would update my review on release.Great game.  Worth your money.Cya.----------------------------------------------------------Yup - good game.  Must buy at the price.Combat, RPG elements, and very interesting AI controlled 'players' who compete and sometimes work with you set it apart from the other cave diving games.Graphics are par for the genre, and it looks nice with some nice pixel art and effects.Levels contructs are good, has level destruction which is ace.Looking forward to the future developments, dev seems to have an excellent grasp on AI with taking on such a hard task as emulating players - and succeeding to a very large extent.  I hadnt read about them when I bought it and actually went back into the game page to see if there was some kind of invasion multiplayer muchanic going on.Really cool.  And less than 5$ devs?  Seriously you should charge more."
,Recommended,452060,31937680,Posted: 24 May,all,[FF2052] Elfimis,"It's fun at the start but scales off sharply when you realize how extremely random and luck based it becomes. It's fun for $10.Short Version: It's a luck simulator in it's current state that brutally punishes you for elements that are often beyond your control as a player.To the Devs: Needs a lot of work in balancing the earlier enemies dmg output when you start fresh.  The ""Jumpers"" range + dmg makes them extremely deadly early on and often times with bad map generation, you are rarely in a good enough spot to land 2-3 arrows to kill them before they rocket into you.Bosses are a bit hit or miss. They are way to easy or way to hard with no inbetween or good level of balanced challenge. This again is massively at fault of how extremely random drops are along the way.The fact the you have to start from scratch EVERY single time you die, makes the randomness + luck factor more of a chore than fun. The game leaves very little room for actual skill to be developed in playing it."
76561198004347626,Not Recommended,452060,28290143,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Malun,"So I played it for a while now, and I have to say the deeper you dig the less pleasant it gets. I just reached themushroom caves, which is like floor 7 or 8and it was the worst thing I have done in my life. Every enemy, and sometimes even the floor you are walking on, has some kind of annoying ability, featuringsetting you on fire, poisoning you, slowing you, throwing stuff after you, or just random tentacles that grow out of the ground.You are constantly hiding in a corner shooting arrows all the time until magically enemies spawn behind your back and force you to move on, just to run into spikes that deal 100 damage and all that stuff. Maybe I’m just too old for this “hurr durr hardcore” games, but damn im so fed up of investing hours into a game just so I only find “set yourself on fire” potions, while everything shoots at me, and if God shows mercy and drops me a pathetic apple, that heals 20 Hp while a normal enemy down there would deal up to 30, then a NPC walks by and steals it from me. But if I make that NPC my friend and reach the boss, guess what he just attacks him in his invincibility state and dies. Well thank you.Don’t get me wrong, this game, the idea, the items everything is really good. There are annoying flaws in it, like starting as a mage but only finding swords and stuff, but generally its amazing. But the problem is that I don’t want to reach the deeper floors. I don’t want to invest more and more time for the game to get more and more unfair, to punish me for every little mistake, while I find a bow that deals 2-3 damage. There has to be a huge balance in this. More health items, no stealing NPCs, maybe a decent shop, more risk/rewards, no random fusion altars while I find a billion different weapons but never a pair of the same.Still, for 5 euroes this is a really good game, but I rather pay 15 and get an amazing game, that seems to be fair and rewarding, rather than this “Woops, you dropped down an edge, lose 95% of your hp and have fun” games."
76561198129717240,Recommended,452060,29238602,Posted: 13 January,all,Ahoy_NATO,"I bought this game because it was a $5 Rogue-like with Pixel graphics. That was the only reason. And guess what. It's a damn good one. A+ to the devs for making every run feel unique, rewarding, and fun. Can't wait for the future updates. Great game guys, good use of Early Access."
76561198087395828,Recommended,452060,24861576,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,FrankySplit Da Sunflower,I'm loving this game. And the updates always add something good that you look forward to unraveling. Can't go wrong on buying this game
76561198025331540,Recommended,452060,34067237,Posted: 6 August,all,SneakyTT,"Great roguelike platformer.Playing on keyboard, the controls took a little while to get used to, but feel very natural.I love the shooting aspect as well... always having a bow and arrow to shoot...While similar to other roguelike platformers I love, like Spelunky and TowerClimb, Caveblazers has its own thing going on."
,Recommended,452060,31949369,Posted: 25 May,all,Darkfafi,It feels like the action-adventure version of Spelunky. I really love it! Was looking for a challanging game like this one.Keyboard controls also work really well if you don't have  a controller like me.
76561198066666878,Recommended,452060,31656748,Posted: 9 May,all,Cuntstable Rogers,"Whoa. Bought this game, didn't even realize I had sat and played for three hours. It is honestly great. Haven't had this much joy playing a game in a long, long time.Purchased today after I saw Turps talk about it on the Yogscast subreddit. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,452060,29370234,Posted: 19 January,all,gaiaflare,"Great spelunky/roguelike genre. High difficulty. I'd like more secrets and options/choices, such as a shop of some sort, and more stability each level.EDIT: Completed the game (early access beta) as of Jan 22, 2017. It took 13 total hours of game time for me to solo the game.It's a great mix of roguelike action RPG while in early beta. Controls are tight and proper, with the possible exception of ranged aiming, which is a game design decision that may or may not change. Enemies are varied and intriguing; there are very few copy-paste enemies, and every single one, bosses in particular, require thought and changing up your gameplay. Buffs are varied and intriguing. Difficulty is excessive but in the wrong ways. This game was a great experience, but lacking the little bit that may let it reach serious greatness. Seeing as this is clearly early access, much can be currently forgiven until release... Assuming the dev(s) add and change and vary up the game.Criticism and features of note:-You're a bit too reliant on RNG for certain aspects. Sometimes, parts of the generated map will be completely unaccessible for no particular reason; you have to be lucky to get a haste or jump perk to really do anything about this.-buffs are completely unevenly balanced. Tier 1 to tier 2 buffs in particular - some tier 2s are completely overpowered, while others are... less so. A few are near useless, particularly on specific builds.-The cost of shrines ramp up way too fast, while your gold intake doesn't really change.-Bosses become trivial the more you advance, due to how powerful you become. For certain archer builds, you don't even have to worry about specific bosses.-Ranged seems to be much much stronger than melee - easier damage, more damage, less risk, more range (obvious, but melee's short range kinda really hurts)-There could be more and better control of rng - for examples, adding shops to buy/sell/trade items, a blessing shop, secret areas, etc.-Not all items are upgradeable, which is a shame.-Needs more tutorials for how things work - buttons, shrines, etc.-Spell casting is meh.-More things to interact with would be cool - there's really just action and some more decision making would be nice - like keys/locked chests and the like.-Having a way to identify potions beside randomly testing could be a nice point of control/risk reward.-It's pretty easy to become overpowered in the late game, assuming you play mildly carefully and have a solid set of buffs.-I wish there was a boss fight before the early access beta ended, even a repeat.-the random adventurers following you suck. They sometimes take/steal items, are freaking useless past the first boss, are generally useless with bosses, have no ability to pathfind without impaling themselves on spikes, and randomly become friendly with you.-Some enemies could be better designed - the blue launching bombs in particular. You shouldn't be punished for killing them at melee, it's hard enough as it is.More features, more balance, more areas... Basically, it's like 80% towards being amazing with lots of grips, depending on who's playing (particularly with difficulty). Worth the buy, but I'm not going to play this game anymore, I think, until it's a more complete game. I loved what I did go through; now I'll see where the game goes. Likely, multiplayer will give me an opportunity to revisit the game with friends."
76561198189641762,Recommended,452060,30397566,Posted: 8 March,all,Commallow,"Absolutely great game! just dont put your faith in the friendly players they seem to like jumping on spikes..however the balance between melee and ranged combat is great, the perk system really varies the gameplay as you unlock them. I would however like to see some ranged weapons other than a bow though, perhaps a sling or musket would add some variety as well as fitting the theme."
76561197960356887,Recommended,452060,26920669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Android Volts,"Fantastically responsive rogue-like with great perks, weapons, buffs, some of which persist after dying. Reminds me of some of the things I liked about Rogue Legacy. A very addictive combination for me."
,Recommended,452060,33723247,Posted: 22 July,all,HarperLewis309,"incredible game, i hope the developers won't stop updating it anytime soon. i've been playing since the early access and it was really nice to see the improvement."
76561198080221071,Recommended,452060,32842758,Posted: 26 June,all,The Squeakening,"This is my first review on any game, but this game is very good. What I hate in some games is when they put you in with no babying at all, but I also hate when there's a lot of babying, and this game perfectly introduces you to every concept of it perfectly. Also, it's one of those games that even though you might get bored of it after a while, after 30 mins you'll want to play it again.9/10"
76561197990546772,Recommended,452060,31300104,Posted: 22 April,all,KittenMittens,"Oh man I am quickly falling hard for this game!I mean....*gasps in air*- Tight buttery controls (I play on my keyboard, was gonna try it on my steam controller, but no need really.)with a ""Splunky"" cave vibe- Actually interesting Items, that change gameplay enough to notice, but not screw you.- Old school potion guessing game, which I love in roguelike games- Perks that fit any arctype of gamer. Trust me there is a play style for everyone.- Expert pixel art, great colors and lighting in the foreground and background.now I do have 1 small gripe and its personal at best, the randos that spawn in and dungeon with you are cool, but I feel too many spawn and clear the floor before you can explore it. THOSE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S STEAL EVERYTHING!* if you could make friendly fire possible, maybe a gamemode. that would be cool it would add a new layer of tactics where you'd need to place aim on target eneimes but watch out for hitting the friendlies, otherwise they would aggro and swarm you. again just a though.AND THIS IS STILL EARLY ACCESS! AND IT FEELS LIKE A ""GAME""Quality Game Rupeck, you have sold me on your dev company.Man I could keep gushing about how $5 isnt even the lowest i'd pay, I really want you devs to survive. this game has so much potential.if you guys think im some undercover guy paid to kiss this games butt I am 100% not. I mean just look at reviewers play times in this game, most people review after like 1 hour. Plus I have played so many roguelikes, the good and the bad.Risk of Rain, Rogue Legacy, Dungeons of Dredmore, Enter the Gungeon, BInding of Issac, Nuclear Throne, Crawl, and so many more.GET THIS GAME YOU'LL BE SMIITEN"
,Recommended,452060,30823787,Posted: 29 March,all,Don Carmolo,"As of today, this game is well worth its full price. Challenging but fair. Great replayability: right now im sitting on the 20 hours mark not having been able to pass the third area. You can also notice how you start to get good when you start reaching deeper areas using the same tools you used when you first picked up the game. Nice catchy music and very good visual art. Already an awsome game as is in Beta state. I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,452060,31576238,Posted: 6 May,all,SoylentCola,"It's a fun as hell 10-20 minute game. Tight controls and intuitive, my only gripe is in later stages the there are loads of ranges enemies who do not tend to miss.Great fun"
,Recommended,452060,26528413,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kivorkian,"The only gripe that I have with this game is that it's replay value is based on every aspect being random.1.) You select a class (this gives you basic stat distrobution)2.) You get into the game and get powerups that do not help to build your class up. (usually drives me to stop playing as I don't have control over the crap aspects of the powerups (ie: Shoot a wall, explosives arrow powerup kills you, you had no choice.))3.) You die, resurrect, choose another class and the same issues crop up.Overall, get it on sale, add it to your wishlist but understand that this is not in any way shape or form an RPG but is really good for when you have 20 min to burn."
,Recommended,452060,32012081,Posted: 27 May,all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"""It takes skill to make the old feel new again, and few did it better than Caveblazers.""Oh boy where to start with this one...Remember Risk of Rain ? Remember binding of isaac ? Remember Salt & Sancuary ? Or even Butcher?This is something of a blend of all the above. It sports the good from many of the above yet feels extremely solitary in it's design.Caveblazers is at first glance a 2d Roguelite, but there is a lot more to it than just running around.There's an actual in depth combat system where brute force is going to get you deaded, and it has a lot of good feels from S&S and Butcher. It's both extremely fast paced and very methodical in it's delivery, and it absolutely appeals to the twitch gamer in you (not the silly broadcasting crap)Item pickups, randomization and replayability all lean very heavily towards systems employed in Risk of rain and binding of isaac, but has a much more randomized factor to it, making it more unique each time rather than just swapping out a bridge or 2 every so often.It's a very solid and very well thought out combat and progression concept. Parrying is a thing, some enemies can parry you, enemies don't turtle ever, you're given almost no quarter and yet it does not feel as pressured as this makes it all sound.It's almost extremely organic the way the gameplay flows. This is backed up by an excellent soundtrack that seems to fit the whole setting very well.There's not much more i can say in favor of this one that hasn't already been said elsewhere. I personally think it's an absolutely stellar game and 100% worth a shot if you're a fan of the genre, but even players newer to the concept might enjoy this one thoroughly.It also has a lot more replayability than you'd think. Very Boi-esque even.And as the developer himself has stated, definitely elements from spelunky, but mostly only the good ones.Honestly, i think this is one of my new favourite games of all time... Currently it has a few minor hickups with crashes but there's a person who cares about his creation backing it to the fullest. I have no doubt that this game will absolutely prosper over time, and i strongly reccomend it :)solid 9/10."
,Recommended,452060,24628073,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Colinn,"This game is amazingly fun.Around 2-3 updates ago, I would of had a decently hard time justifying that, but looking at the game now, I'd say its easily worth way more than just 5 dollars. What's more, just from a quick peak at the discussions, it's quite clear that the developer cares about this game and its playerbase.I'd say that this game is well worth the price pretty much regardless of whether or not you like this type of game.Unless you truly hate rogue-likes or games where you have to learn patterns and tactics to survive, you really, really should just buy this game.Also as a side note, ignore reviews that talk about the developer ""Ditching the game,"" as those are completely false in every regard. The only reason people thought the dev ditched the game was because the game wasn't updated for around a month or two. As it turns out the developer was working on the ""Boss Update"" during that period, and updates have been pretty regular ever since then."
76561198153503873,Recommended,452060,33505838,Posted: 13 July,all,SonicWIzard,"After playing a good bit more i have to change my reveiwThis gane is really fun. Unfortunately theres a few big problems that hinder it from being as good as it could be. Most notably are drop rates theres tons of awsome weapons, you rarely see any of them, and the procedural design places way too many areas out of reach. Fix those and this game would be fantastic.Right now id say it's about a 6/10"
76561198300172467,Recommended,452060,23340194,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Thrillho10,"Bought this game because of my love for spelunky. Not necessarily like spelunky at all, but solid game."
,Recommended,452060,22194404,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"First impressions of an Early Acess GameI am going to level with you, I hate multiplayer online games. With the passion of a thousand burning suns. It seems like whenever I go online there is some 12 year old dropping racial epithets, uber-leveled trolls making life impossible for new guys, amoung other annoyances.So when i first saw that one of Caveblazer's talking points is ""faux online play"" i was interested. After buying it and settling into a game session, I was slightly put off by the fact that it seems to be a copy/paste of spelunky. The intro is similar, the cave mechanic is similar, the only things that are different is the art style and allocation of items (starting and otherwise)But then i played the game a bit more...Caveblazers is undoubtedly inspired by spelunky, and as a guy who enjoyed that game immesely, it really kind of felt like slipping to a comfortable pair of shoes. The diferences begin there however, as the enemy types take much more effort to kill, primarily because you are going into the cave with a rusty sword and a fairly mediocre bow. Also: where spelunky has a ""here is a generic set of tools, get used to them as they are the normal, with speciality items being the exception"", caveblazers loves to throw all sorts of shennanigans at you. From unlabeled potions of various colors, all sorts of upgrades for your bow and sword (including but not limited to: explosive, flak arrows, poison arrows, ice arrows, fire sword, 0 damage sword, the list goes on) as well as blessings, passive yet amazingly useful bonuses and perks.Another interesting point i mentioned earlier is the ""faux multiplayer"" aspect of it. You are not the only adventurer in the cave! Every level has at least one, somtimes up to 3 (as far as i have seen at this early access stage) AI of varying temperment. Some of them will aggro the enemies, clearing the way for you. Some will ignore you entirely, darting in and out of your screen for a moment. While others will instantly go on the offensive and attack you without provocation! In this regard, while it is frustrating to lose an awesome build/run because some AI decided to be a jerk, it does lend a darker feel to the game. Not unlike dayZ, where each time you see another adventurer pop into view, you give it distance and try to judge what its attempting to do, before making a decision about it. Another good part about the AI is that it is generally well programmed, pathfinding nicely and even giving you space when you find loot (it wont swoop in and steal all the prizes and blessings you just knocked out of a chest).All in all this game has a lot of potential, and I look forward to watching it evolve over time! Its sale price right now was $4.49 and i would reccomend getting it if you are a fan of spelunky and other rougelike games7.5/10 (not an 8 yet because it still has a way to go before being a full game. Still fun to play in current state however)"
,Not Recommended,452060,33432988,Posted: 10 July,all,pikkukalsari,"Caveblazers is a decent roguelite with pixel graphics almost identical to the gamemaker version of Spelunky. That's not the only thing in common with the two as Caveblazers borrow a lot from Spelunky and doesn't have much to call its own. CB plays like a twin stick shooter but using the right stick to shoot with your bow is... ackward. Try jumping, steering and shooting at the same time and you have moments when you blame the game for your death.Game is fun at first but as time goes all the little things start to get you. Friendly characters just get in your way and take your precious gear (can be turned off but then you don't get them at all), upgrading weapons is just a stat thing and most of the time it feels that your gear/luck determines your success, your skill has little to do with it.Overral it was a fun 10+ hours for me and I managed to finish the game once but I find Vagante a much more promising successor for Spelunky as an rpg roguelike. Caveblazers isn't terrible but I just have to recommend another game instead."
76561197973236751,Recommended,452060,32226872,Posted: 6 June,all,Eolair,"Caveblazers is a great roguelike platformer. Great fighting and jumping. You can unlock different ""classes"" so the game has a high replay value."
76561197972835179,Recommended,452060,30213209,Posted: 26 February,all,FaustBot,"This game is an absolute blast to play. It starts you off with a sword, a bow, and a giant dungeon to plumb, but each new unlockable perk completely changes the way the game is played, without locking you into a particular strategy should a good enough piece of equipment pop up.The gameplay feels like a fast-paced, combat oriented Spelunky, but with a few additional pieces that elevate Caveblazers above it. The magic items can completely turn the tide in a bad situation, and having a few friends in tow (because, hey, you're just some cave blazin' schmuck, there's a bunch of other guys trying to do the same thing) can help keep things moving.I want to give the unlockables treadmill it's own paragraph, because it's one of the best I've seen. Each run gets you points, and each 2,000 points unlocks something new. This keeps the game fresh blaze after blaze.The only real negative is that the combat takes some time to click. Attacking with a sword while pressing 'back' will make you swing in the direction you are facing while moving backwards, and the bow is mapped to the right analog stick when playing with a controller. Both of these make logical sense, but can get a little jumbled in the heat of the moment.I wholeheartedly recommend Caveblazers. It's a lot of fun in a pretty cheap package!"
76561198087062700,Recommended,452060,30195600,Posted: 26 February,all,babiesdontneedspleens,"Cazeblazers seemed like a game that I might not like at first, because some of the early impressions I had were off. I had this feeling it would be more RPG and less rogue-lite, but playing showcased how it is a nice combination of both.Basically, you start off as a character that is going for a nice little monster crawl, complete with a sword and a melee weapon. I like the way the weapons are set up here because they are easy to access and use, and you do not feel like there is some terrible penalty for using either. You can customize you character when starting out and you can unlock some starting perk types , too, giving you different experiences when playing. For example, you might start with health and a bomb, a specific skill heavy type, and on depending on what you enjoy.Within the game, you confront different types of enemies and a range of items, giving this a unique experience each time. You have potion types that add, subtract, or play around with your base stats/abilities, blessing that add unique abilities, weapons, items, and more. You have a lot of choice attached to that, too, allowing you to pick up and use things you like while avoiding those you do not. Your character is also customizable, allowing you to choose specific types of weapons/items and carry them. This means you get to choose a melee weapon, a bow, a special item, a ring/jewelry, and on. There are also statues that will heal you every few boards, and you will need them.Additionally, you can find NPC-type characters wandering/killing, and interacting with them can make them 'friendlies.' They are dumb as mud, but they are helpful when you play.You also have bosses, increasingly difficult monsters, and so on, making this a nice, random adventure. You will die, too, and you lose all your items, allowing you to start again and build differently.I like the game a LOT and have had a lot more fun with it than I expected."
,Recommended,452060,30270289,Posted: 1 March,all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,"I like my roguelikes.Game is smooth, platforming feels good, and it really feels like you damage things when you hit them.Gameplay is great.I love pixel graphics.I don't play with music on so idk about that.ez 1/1"
,Recommended,452060,30609437,Posted: 19 March,all,顾曦白,An addictive dungeon game
,Recommended,452060,25435833,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Laughsassin,"For a game in alpha, this feels and plays amazingly. i hope the devs continue on the track they are on, everything has challenge like a roguelike, but you still feel like a badass. so far i am loving the game, and cant wait to see what comes next."
,Recommended,452060,25393070,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,AHare,"Caveblazers is an exceptional game. It's fast paced action, quick deaths, and enough fun to have you begging for more. And at $5, you will easily get your money's worth.I basically have nothing but love for this game. I've played for 50 hours now, and haven't gotten bored once. There is enough variety, enough challenge, that as long as an update comes out every few months I don't expect I'll ever stop playing this game. It's exceptionally well crafted, with the sound design complimenting everything on screen, the combat being fast and fluid to the point where it becomes a natural reaction, and the visual design works very well here where in most games the pixel art aesthetic has become tired.Like most rogue-likes, Caveblazers is a difficult game. You will die a lot, and it will nearly always be your own fault and something you could have prevented had you not been so greedy. The enemies do roughly the same amount of damage across all varietys, so your focus is more on how to dodge them. The hardest enemies are the Orcs (previously humans in versions prior to v0.4.0), as they have similar agility and combat prowess as you do. Overcoming them is definitely fun though, it really feels like you accomplished something. As well, having some of the AI Humans along with you as allies makes the difficulty much less if you're having some trouble (just hang around them, they'll become your friend!).If you have $5, and like beat 'em ups, buy Caveblazers. You will not regret it at all."
76561198133610339,Recommended,452060,24632155,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AngySB,"This game is like really goodEven though it just came out a couple months ago on early access, I can already tell this game has potential to become something amazing!"
,Recommended,452060,25419456,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Yod,"If you are looking for a cheap, and occupying game then this is for you. I bought this game because I was bored as hell, and when I played it, I got a kind of attitude where everytime I lost, I started another run because I refused to believe that I lost because I suck. Coming from playing Dark Souls often and religiously, this game kept my attention because of the style, difficulty, and that I died more times than I want to admit. But when I finally completed the game (Yes you can finish the game but good luck doing it), I was like ""Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥what just happened"". And then I realized that you get absolutely NOTHING for beating the game, you can't check your stats except for your leaderboard score (Im #20 lol), and you can't even ♥♥♥♥ing scroll on the leaderboards. You can only see the top 10 and your placement ._.                          Get this game but don't be mad when you suck♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198093057659,Recommended,452060,25454882,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,K3rmit,"First of all I have to say I love this game its very reminiscent of Spelunky, and although i was dissapointed when looking up in the game that u start with a ranged weapon (bow) and a melee weapon I thought it might be too easy. But oh was I wrong, the way the goblin AI charges after you and so much more its just delightful. I also love that you didn't try to rip off any previous interations of a game like this and just end up doing your own thing. From being able to choose a pants-less hero to having a grumpy old man cave dweller that doesn't actually talk but instead makes funny noises like those of Little Big Planet. This game is so great for just being in alpha and although there are some bugs and such I am glad and excited to see what this game develops into. This game is exceptional for $5 and you may find it eating up all your time. If you like rouge-likes like Isaac, or Spelunky this game is for you."
,Recommended,452060,30617715,Posted: 19 March,all,BurningLeg,"Fun roguelike, first boss kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ died several times before getting to the boss. 10/10"
,Recommended,452060,31230852,Posted: 18 April,all,Agarthan,"If Terraria and Spelunky had a baby with a dash of Super Meat Boy, Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, Vagante, Risk of Rain and a few others splashed in as well.My only real complaint is I'd like to see a larger boss pool and putting jump as X (on xbox controller) as default (what were they thinking!)"
,Recommended,452060,31936114,Posted: 24 May,all,RyantheWade,"This game became one of my favorites during the beta, and it's a wonderful little (and now much bigger!) game. A wonderful combination of the atmosphere and comedy of Spelunky, and the gameplay, art/design, and items/power-ups of Risk of Rain. Even still, this game is its own thing with magic and difficulty, and very enjoyable. I highly recommend it :)"
76561197969529030,Recommended,452060,31638410,Posted: 8 May,all,CreamyT,"Just barely misses the mark for me...not sure if I'm going to pick it back up again until full release after 2 or so hours of gameplay. I'm still recommending due to the awesome price and the fact that the developer clearly pays attention to feedback and is dedicated to continuously improving the game. There's a ton of fun to be had.The idea is great - a cool mix of ideas from Spelunky, Risk of Rain and Broforce. The production is excellent for an indie as well - chunky, thuddy sound effects, killer music, cohesive and stylized art, and a wonderful array of weapons, items, and buffs that draw you into new games to see what you get next. Well, it would, if it weren't for what I find to be problematic with this game...It's just too damn random. And I don't mean the item drops - I mean the combat. Unlike some of the best Roguelikes/lites around these days, such as the aforementioned Spelunky or Risk of Rain, or other titans such as Binding of Isaac, I rarely have any idea of what exactly I did wrong to take damage. Making the same decision in the same scenarios when facing off against mobs seems to have completely different results depending on whether they decide to run around at lightning speed, take a ranged shot, swing a sword, or fly in from off screen.The controls seem like they were designed for a different game - feeling like a slowed-down super meatboy. Which would be great if the combat didn't demand so much precision. The reaction times inherent vs both melee and ranged enemies is simply brutal. Not only can you be punished for taking a swing with no telegraphed animations yet on screen, but the enemies constantly slip and slide all over the place. It's nice that random attacks don't generally ragdoll you around from full health to nothing, but the endless barrage of punishment for not reacting virtually instantly for things on the screen is frustrating beyond measure. To me, the whole beauty of a roguelikes difficulty is in how it balances a brutally random world with rewards for making smart decisions and skillful play. To me...the combat seemed as random as anything else.It is possible I wasn't getting it, but I consider myself relatively skilled at gaming, and generally able to learn in pick things up. If I can offer any advice to the developer as they go through EA, it would be to reduce the range of random behavior enemies seem to employ in how they decide to attack. At least early on."
,Recommended,452060,23575694,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,FlameDecepter,This game is already so good right now. It has a lot of potential to become a amazing game in the future. It has a lot of elements that are unique and fun. This game is very difficult but if you are able to master the combat there is a better chance for u to have a lot more fun. A lot of the items are really fun to use especially the different types of bows. Get it in early access to help support the devs because this game is up for anyone looking for a very fun game.
,Recommended,452060,23507479,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,git gud,"Okay, so now that the graphics card issue has been fixed, I can see the substance that this game has to offer. No two playthroughs feel the same. The variety is very good for an early access game, and the random generation is solid. Just tantalatingly hard enough to keep you on your feet, and just forgiving enough to keep you from raging (for the most part). Definitley worth your time and money. Honestly all the complaints that I've seen I'm sure will be fixed. Keep in mind, this is an EARLY ACCESS GAME."
,Recommended,452060,31192478,Posted: 16 April,all,leafy,"This game has really easy and addictive gameplay that gradually gets harder as you progress. The game kind of reminded me of Spelunky or some other rogue-like games out there. However it is a bit unique too, what with the many items you can find, customization of your character, and much more. You should just get it now, no need to wait"
,Recommended,452060,28222561,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jerry Smith (Please kill me),"Great game, all it needs is more content, and the ability to disable blessings."
76561198064475058,Recommended,452060,31471932,Posted: 30 April,all,quebstion_mark,"Caveblazers puts the ""successor"" back in ""spiritual successor"".Supposedly it's a lot like Spelunky, but I think the game is far better by a longshot.It's both aesthetically pleasing and simplistic at the same time, all while having amazingly well done animations.The gameplay feels balanced but not too skill reliant that you just get frustrated and bored by doing runs over and over again. It's always different, and I MEAN that.So, overall, yes, you should buy this. it's incredibly cheap but also quite a good game that I keep coming back to.9.5/10"
,Recommended,452060,24250399,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,rizefall,Great core game with a lot of potential when it comes to future updates.
76561198066891636,Recommended,452060,24275680,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Detinc,"A nice, fun 2D rogue-like dungeon crawler. The controls are friendly if you have an Xbox controller, a little less so with the keyboard and steam controller (mainly because firing arrows with the latter mediums are a bit wonky).It is challenging. Not on the level of ""Dark Souls"" or ""Wings of Vi"", but enough that it makes you want to curse often.One of the things I feel is missing from the game is some sort of level up mechanic, but that may be because I play a lot of games that use such a mechanic. Another is the lack of a type of character customization and multiplayer.The loot mechanic is pretty fair. It doesn't overburden you too quickly, but it isn't that prone to dry streaks either.I'd give ""CaveBlazers"" an 8/10. Definitely a good buy at 5 dollars."
76561198135463183,Recommended,452060,22633079,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Steelz Cloud,"An amazingly awesome game with a great concept which requires skills, attention and especially luck. The game's concept is rather unique while with such a small file gives you loads of fun. When you enter the game you can staright away fight other online players (AIs that seem almost like them) with bows and swords which is rather quite fun. The RNG factor within the game just compliment's the game style. Seriously, I would rather play this than terraria and I was a big time terraria fan earlier (did not use it on steam). The game is not even fully developed yet its still loads of fun. I can't wait to see how it turns out in the future."
,Recommended,452060,23227150,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,HawK45™,"Very fun. It's the perfect rogue-like game if you are in that specific mood. The randomly-generated caverns make great fun w/out repitition, and it is challenging enough to keep me playing because it is a learning curve. The frustration also makes the game interesting. great game."
76561198056381772,Recommended,452060,31949022,Posted: 25 May,all,bardie,"i would give this game 8 out of 10. it is almost as good as risk of rain/madness of little emma, and a lot of fun to play. my main criticism is the spikes are WAY over on how much damage they do. i have died to spikes so many times that its irritiating and takes away from the enjoyment - 80% of your max health is too much!! please fix this devs :) other than that i love your game thank you very much for making it."
,Recommended,452060,33342021,Posted: 7 July,all,ktulu1975,"Caveblazers is possibly the best platformer game I've ever played.  The controls seem incredibly natural and the way the player's character moves and jumps seems completely intuative.Players must traverse a series of caves, picking up weapons, magic items, potions and gold.  The player may also find 'Blessings' which increase characters stats, or enable special abilities, such as the incredibly useful 'double' jump.I would say the difficulty level of the game seems just about perfect (although possibly erring on the difficult side), allowing player progression, while remaining challenging.   Each run will increase progression towards the unlocking of an item or a character 'perk' which is selectable at the start, giving the player the choice to orient their character 'build' towards a specific direction. (ie melee/ranged/magical etc)...I really love the atmosphere created in the game, with the main NPC character ocassionally pointing out apparent futility in entering the randomly generated caves.Players are able to participate in a Daily Run, to compete for position on the online leaderboards.I play using an Xbox controller for PC, which is fully supported, and works really well.I really loved games like Jet Set Willy, Ghosts 'n Goblins and Manic Miner when I was younger, and the RPG element in Caveblazers really gives the platformer/shooter/explorer concept a lot of depth.10/10...one of the best games on Steam...one of the best games I've ever played...nearly forgot the soundtrack - truly beautiful fitting music....10/10"
,Recommended,452060,22752608,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sketch,"This is game is truly awesome, even in its current state. Although, i am dyin to play it with 3 friends. :) Put that in next changelog plskthxbai"
76561198142504474,Recommended,452060,24772990,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jashak,"If you're into hard, pixelated, dungeon Rogue-like/ lite games you should definitely take a look at Caveblazers.The gameplay feels really natural and fluent, the graphics look awesome and it already has more content than you'd expectCaveblazers is in Early Access and there are a few bugs here and there but the devs are working hard and keep adding more content to this amazing game that has so much potential.I rate it 8/10"
,Recommended,452060,29709552,Posted: 4 February,all,Shugotenshi Eckx,"Bought it off hand, low price rouge-like, thought about how fun it was....then I realised I'd been playing it for 4 hours straight. can't wait for more from this game, or if i could get past the second boss would be good ^_^Huzzah! EA is over, and TAHDAH! its a good game.9/10 would/will get gibbed again by spikes."
,Recommended,452060,29675235,Posted: 3 February,all,Poofie Love bird,"* Lots of Updates, with new stuff all the time.* Excellent controller support. I have had this game installed since around Christmas, and still jump in for a few minutes of fun!* Solid game play. From the start you get a sword and a bow. From then on you get upgrades and special perks.* You are not alone though!!! There are little AI explorers that will either do their own thing (follow them, they are usually after a big tresure or powerup), or they will follow you. It really gives this game a personality that is like no other platformer experiance.* The AI is really good. It is the best AI of any platformer, ever. They not only stalk you, but they have some very unconventional attacks for a platform game. They will even use team work to flank you.* Price is right. I got it on sale, but would have been very happy to pay full price.* Quick games. A quest can take anywhere from 30 seconds, to 20 mins (if you get REALLY good)* Dying does not suck. Many times I pick the game right back up and play."
,Recommended,452060,31958224,Posted: 25 May,all,SuperFortress「FFP」,Going to be honest the only reason why i bought this game was becouse the publisher being the yogscast cought my eye.That said i usually am not a fan of rouge-likes/lites but this game is prety entertaining.The only problem i have run into is the game is controller focused which would be fine if it used a mouse for aiming(It uses the arrow keys) a thing that is deffinatly keeping me from playing this game a lot.
76561198051925579,Recommended,452060,31643366,Posted: 9 May,all,Cannonball Marcus,"Overall this is a great game and has a lot of promise. A lot of people compare it to Spelunky and I would do that as well. It's just more action-orientated and more random chance than Spelunky.There's a lot of promise here, knowing this is beta.I have a few concerns, however.Those blue ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that jump at you and explode immediately? That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Whenever I see that little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I always keep my distance and just barrage arrows at it until it dies or jumps off somewhere. It's good they don't do a lot of damage, just 10HP. But that amount can sometimes be the difference between success and failure. I'd suggest giving them a short timer before exploding, maybe two seconds.Also, you gotta make friendly adventurers immune to those spikes, man. Whenever I get a teammate and see the exit to the boss, I know I've got more chance of defeting it. But whenever I see a spike on the ground, I know it's like a 70% chance they're gonna kill themselves.Also, generally, I'd like it if there was more strategy involved in fighting, because all I do when I apporach an enemy eye-to-eye is just wail on them and sometimes that works perfectly, sometimes they land a hit or two at me. Now, they have these qeues when they are going to strike, but they're way too short and hard to notice. You have to keep in mind that everything is fairly small on the screen so it's hard to notice. An animated flash or something simialr would do the trick. Some enemies actually do that, but most don't, which can be confusing.Again, generally, this game is a lot of fun, but there's a lot to be dealt with to make it ever more fun and great.Some blessings and items kind of seem to be almost pointless or maybe could be used in a specific situation.I suppose in time we'll see this game grown and hopefully become better.Of course, like mentioned by others, it NEEDS a multiplayer feature.And what the ♥♥♥♥ does 'impress' mean?"
76561198202696051,Recommended,452060,31988240,Posted: 26 May,all,{ANCT}Ron,when i bought it it was beta and it was cool but it was very tedious the new updates proved usefull and made it funner then i found out yogs made it then i was awed cause i was just lookin for a game so i didnt care who made it was cool seing the people i used to love make minecraft videos make a game this game is very awesome and it deserves more than it gets its really cool :D
76561198047740091,Recommended,452060,31989595,Posted: 26 May,all,AeroFunk80,"This is, by far, one of the best roguelike games I've played.The combat is at a much faster pace than most games of this genre but not overwhelming. Enemies are still spread out to keep combat from getting too chaotic. The one downfall to combat is that the enemy AI is pretty dumb. Most of the time the enemies are bumping into walls instead of coming straight at you, but this is minor compared to how fun it actually is. Boss battles can get a bit frustrating, though. Like old NES days, they have a pattern, but you'll need to fight them quite a few times before you learn the best way to defeat them. And the boss battles are random, so it can be difficult to learn the strategy when you fight Boss A but then don't fight Boss A again for about another 10-15 playthroughs.As for the game itself... you do venture into a cave (each level is randomly generated) to see how far you can get, picking up items, equipment and perks along the way. When you die, it is permanent, and you have to start over, but where this game really shines for me is the base camp (where you start each time you die and before you set off on your next playthrough). When you first load up the game you begin with a small pessimistic old man that randomly talks to you between playthroughs, a wardrobe where you can change your characters clothes, hair, beard and hair color and a perks shrine to switch up your starting perk. However; as you progress through the cave and die, you earn overall experience that gives you new starting perks to choose from, clothing and styles to customize your character even further. Play long enough and new NPCs start to show up, constructing new objects that offer additional content. I really enjoy this aspect of Caveblazers because it gives the game a sense of purpose. Like most roguelike games where you die and just simply start over, in Caveblazers, you do feel like you're accomplishing something each time you die.Overall--this is a must play if you enjoy games like Spelunky, Enter the Gungeon, Binding of Isaac, Vagante, etc. And for $9.99... it's well worth it!"
76561198040308115,Recommended,452060,31993000,Posted: 27 May,all,Toaomb,"I bought this game in Early Access because it showed considerable promise as a fun roguelike. I enjoyed it in that phase but it wasn't one of my all time favorites at that time because it wasn't as polished as I like a game to be when i dedicate a lot of time to it.That was months ago, and now that the game is in full release I couldn't be more pleased with how it's come along! The levels feel great, the progression is steady and interesting and the items all change the way you play the game entirely. This game went from potential to realized potential in a single update, if you like Roguelikes get this game you will love it."
,Recommended,452060,32019852,Posted: 28 May,all,Boshmash,"Caveblazers is, overall, a brilliant and well-polished game.PROS:Lots of itemsGreat graphicsLots of bossesLots of perks and costumesRuns incredibly easilyPotions with random effectsInteresting fights with bosses and even regular enemiesCONS:I genuinely can't think of anySUMMARY:The game is very well made,  I have ran into no problems with the game as of yet, and will continue to have a lot of fun discovering more of the game."
76561197991199801,Recommended,452060,32029968,Posted: 28 May,all,GitFiddlin,"Overall, this is a pretty fun action roguelike.  The pixel art and animation are great, the controls are tight and responsive, and the items, shrines, and perks make for a lot of potential replayability.  However, I have two big qualms with it that haven't toally ruined the experience for me, but a change would greatly increase my enjoyment.As others have mentioned, the blue blobs that launch themselves at you and explode are unfun.  The ranged controls are simply not accurate enough to consistently kill them before they hit you, and they deal too much damage.  The other problem with them is that there is LITERALLY no way to kill them without taking the damage if you're focusing on melee attacks.  This leads me to my second point...Melee combat in this game is underserved.  In a permadeath game like this, you need to higly incentivize a combat style that requires that you put yourself in harm's way (since most of the enemies only deal damage at melee range) if you want it to be anywhere near ranged attacks in terms of power level and viability.  I'm play a lot of roguelikes and I consider myself a fairly competent gamer in general, but I haven't been able to make it much farther than the first boss using a melee-focused strategy."
76561198041694226,Recommended,452060,32067465,Posted: 30 May,all,Cake for Žižek,"This is a rogue-like similar to Spelunky, with the tight, responsive controls of Super Meat Boy. A wide variety of weapons, magic items, and blessings (double-jump, life-drain, ghost-follower, etc) make each run feel unique. There's a ton of stuff to unlock, too. Each run scores you points eventually unlocking perks that typically grant a boon and a bane (Ex. +2 melee attacks, but -2 ranged // Start w/cool magic item, but no bow, etc.). You also can unlock Relics that make the game harder  but grant you better rewards in the run by locating the hidden entrances to challenge rooms for each of the 5 major areas. Of course there are also a ton of vanity items to customize your dude.Pros:tight, responsive controlschallenging but fairenemies are quick, but predictable - if you die it's your faultsimple attack combos and downward thrust, when you time an attack and hit your enemies attack, swords will clang and you'll bounce off each otherprocedural level generation is better than Spelunky imovariety of viable play style options: rely on melee, ranged, magic or a combination of eachshrines to upgrade weapons/rings/magic to make your favorite tools even better (tip: use the Trader perk to get an upgraded (occasionally OP) item on every run)Impress an NPC and they may join the fight and follow you (drop a weapon or a potion and they'll use it, they also make for great decoys during boss fights ;)Daily challenge - one chance at a dungeon run with a set of interesting starting perks & items, test your skills against the communityCons:limited to 8-way directional ranged attacks. (I don't find issue with this, but many players complain that they can't simply use their joystick to aim any 360 direction)RNG determines the weapons/magic you discover on a run, so you might not be able to rely on ranged on every run (that said, there are plenty of drops, so you'll never HAVE to use magic all the time if you don't want to)a dozen or so potion colors, and you don't know what they do unless you drink them. Sometimes you'll be low on health and want to have a sip - oops, now you're on fire GG. This is a common rogue-like element, and it's one I've never been very fond of.Final thoughts: Best game of it's ilk that I've played. I'm a big fan of Spelunky, Super House of Dead Ninja, Super Meat Boy, Downwell, etc, and this game feels like it has the most variety and enjoyable challenge out of the group.*Oh yea, it's recommended that you use a gamepad for Caveblazers. Don't buy this game and complain that it's too ""wonky"" when you play with your keyboard."
,Recommended,452060,32028922,Posted: 28 May,all,Knightworm,"Like all the other reviews, I'm having a very fun time with the game!Snappy and responsive controls (controller and keyboard feel nice)Roguelike, so a ton of replay valueCustomizable character (with unlocks for new styles)Actually pretty smart ai (allies AND enemies)Some unique elements like always having a bow and a sword, or alchemizing items into new onesNo heart refill on completing an area. This makes for a tought time after a boss. Kudos for releasing a game with some real challengeVery solid game, I would say."
,Recommended,452060,32030330,Posted: 28 May,all,Pentadact,"An excellent Spelunkylike with light, satisfying RPG combat: finding better swords etc. Throws new items and perks at you at an amazing rate, which sometimes combine into interesting or powerful builds. Has a daily challenge!"
76561198079725226,Recommended,452060,32030678,Posted: 28 May,all,⚑BannerMan⚑,"Great game with alot of replayability and really solid mechanics, animation, and graphics.  All around just a good time."
,Recommended,452060,31180010,Posted: 16 April,all,kunzy,"It's a fun, fast game with a lot of interesting elements. It isn't finished and it's been a few months since the last update, so what's going on there?Sometimes it comes right down to luck, I feel like: what blessings you get, what weapons you get (and if you get the chance to upgrade that weapon), and how many of the right/wrong type of enemy spawn on a given level. That said, I have played the hell out of it and keep coming back, so it's doing something right.What I would like to see:- A more interesting crafting system. Maybe you can throw two items of the same type (rather than the exact same item) on an altar and get a random assortment of stats generated on a new item.- Perk rebalancing. Some of the perks are insanely OP given the right circumstances (lookin at you vampire with life drain blessing, judgment, and crimson blade) and others just never really seem to get off the ground (sorcerer, anyone?). In fact, I just played through on the elementalist and didn't start getting poison/burn weapons until the third zone - I mean, what's the point even? Why don't these specialist perks start with a complementary weapon?- Magic system overhaul. Right now, it just sucks and is blatantly neglected. Aiming is wonky and rarely seems to connect for some items (eg gold wand whose projectiles just hit the walls, emerald bracer whose projectile emanates so far away from the character that it just skips over mobs directly in front of him), you can't aim up, the recharge takes way too long and relies on physical damage for the most part (wtf why), and there are very few ways to raise magic power (no potions for it, only two blessings, and I guess that scythe/prayer beads, which good luck finding and using effectively).- Archery system overhaul, while we're at it. The only viable path to end game (or what passes for it, as the game is not done) is melee, especially when you start relying on life drain items and blessings (which only benefit melee).- Less ANNOYING ""friendly"" characters. More often than not, they steal kills I need for life drain purposes, while also stealing any bombs, good potions (they'll leave that bad♥♥♥♥♥♥alone), and good weapons before I get a word in edgewise. At least let me kill them.- An update, even if it's just a ""hey, I'm still alive"" update.Overall, enjoyable game and look forward to future iterations."
,Recommended,452060,32979373,Posted: 29 June,all,[DANK] Cpt. Meme,"It's very fun thusfar, tight controls, enjoyable gameplay and some interesting bosses (though very hard in traditional rogue-like fashion)My only real gripe with it is that unlike most other rogue-likes, there doesn't seem to be much of a sense of progression. I haven't gotten stronger, I have so far only unlocked cosmetics (a lot of them) and different perks that change the way you play the game. Perhaps this will change if the game is continuously update (which I hope it is because it's very fun)There are a variety of items, most of which are interesting and useful. The blessing system is good fun, with most blessings being unique and imaginative.Overall, the game is very fun, but lacks a sense of progression to make you feel like you're getting any strongerSide note: Also the soundtrack is really good, though not very long"
76561198182905163,Not Recommended,452060,34051803,Posted: 5 August,all,rexybears,"Pros:- Solid controls, lots of mobility- No fall damageCons:- Potions are random, what may have been good in your last run will be different your next run- Not enough health items- Groups of enemies will hit you even though you're stunning them with your attacks- Too much knockback when you're hit- Bosses are to soon and are more like endurance contests than actual bosses, way too big of health pools- Minor enemies do too much damage, and they have lingering hit boxes, so even though it may look like their attack is over, guess what, you take damage.- Difficulty curve is fairly high. After 2 levels, you fight a boss, and then if you beat the boss, you're thrown into a different area with harder-hitting enemies and different enemies. So, 10 seconds in, you'll be dead because what health you do have after the boss will probably be gone in a couple of hits from a dumb flying skull enemy.-Not enough weapon drops, so you're stuck fighting the boss with your little dagger that does 4 damage to him.-Weapons are too weak, even if you find a better weapon, it still only does like 6 damage, and the bosses seem to have about 500.- Bosses are way too high.The majority of the bosses you fight are way too high to even hit with your little dinky dagger, so you have to use your bow which does even less damage than your dagger.-Item drops are way to similar. I seem to always get orc rings, which increase your melee damage but decrease ranged damage (or ranged fire rate), so fighting the boss will be impossible if you have them equipped.This game just doesn't work. I'd prefer a health system like spelunky's, where everything deals 1 heart of damage, you know, simpler than what it is. Or at least put more health items in. Honestly, this game is more worth 5 dollars than 10. I guess the game is built for trying over and over and over again, but there's just too much stuff in it that bugs me."
76561198066117282,Recommended,452060,35440009,Posted: 3 October,all,marcusb1976,"Bow and Arrow, sword play and a awesome game all around, just my kind of game!!Very Awesome"
,Recommended,452060,32160298,Posted: 3 June,all,Cybermind,"This game is awesome. I like platformers, I like rogue likes, this has both combined nicely. On top of that, it is well made and fun to play."
76561198111543025,Recommended,452060,28299410,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Zeropercentpride,"This game is awesome and everything. I  just reeeeally wanna actually play it. I have a stupid screen scroll bug because of assigning some buttons to the numpad. So i can not select any options at the screen, thus I can not play the game or select any options to change controls even after getting rid of the game and deleting save data..PLEASE FIX THIS SPIT!!!"
,Recommended,452060,28605363,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,blaismasterson,"This is the most Rogue of roguelike platformers, right down to the colorful mystery potions. It's in Early Access so things are still being added and tweaked and the developer is actively listening to the community and removing pain points. I've spent a jillion hours on it and I still enjoy going through and goofing around. It's hard as nails but thoroughly rewarding and I can't wait to see where it goes next--each patch that comes through has meaningfully improved the game, and up next on the slate is fun secrets to add to an already solid base game!"
,Recommended,452060,33547112,Posted: 14 July,all,Lemony,Very fun game if youre into challenging platformers. If you liked Dead Cells then I promise that youll love this one as well
,Recommended,452060,25239078,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Paroos,"This game is a type of game I've been looking for for a Damn while. I love the gameplay and could say the get to athsetic is amazing too. If you like Cave Story or Splunky, definitely pick this game up, even in early access form, worth the money."
76561198099446579,Recommended,452060,32532632,Posted: 18 June,all,JCs4ITnow,"You start with very little, the caves are mysterious and different every time and the loot will decide how long you survive.Unlike games like terraria tho, you wont get to keep the cool things you find. They are only for the run you are on, to help you amass xp to 'level' your character, basically to give you new aesthetics and new perks.Combat is abit tricky, but will go down well with retro gamers who miss the 'coin ops' of yesteryear that ate your money by killing you over and over.Great for those with a short attention span, quick games lots of action but can get tedious quickly.Worth the investment, if you like to have a few indie games to fall back on occasionally."
,Recommended,452060,30662802,Posted: 21 March,all,Hey Guy,I unlocked so many hats that I thought I was playing TF2! TOPICAL JOKE!
76561198041577464,Recommended,452060,23147523,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,JimTrivial,"the roguelike/lite genre has defintely been washed out with some horrible garbage in recent times because of their recent popularity but this game has peaked my interest not only becuase it has taken the great factors that all other games screw up on, but also because of its ability to run on nearly everything while playing extremely smoothly.  Will definitely watch for updates and such.  Keep up the good work devs"
76561198056685953,Recommended,452060,32880892,Posted: 27 June,all,roosterbob23,Awesome game
76561198318669230,Recommended,452060,33508284,Posted: 13 July,all,s2u0p0e3r,"I found this game to be a lot of fun, and very replayable with the amount of ""perks"". It can be very frustrating, but it is still very fun."
,Recommended,452060,31386239,Posted: 26 April,all,Kvng™,All I have is a recommendation. Please make it to where you can use a mouse with this game!
76561198047541636,Recommended,452060,32613272,Posted: 21 June,all,F.E. Calmatter,"It's not quite Tallowmere, nor spelunsomething, or risk of something.Gives you time to plan your route. lolReplay for me, oh baby, replay for me.Controls are good on xbox controller.Goodbye, sandwich, goodbye!Very diff bosses.Lordy lots of items, lordy. Now when I count to three...."
,Recommended,452060,25192026,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Nikey9,Really hard. Really fun. Looks great too!
76561198290067935,Recommended,452060,32051202,Posted: 29 May,all,tnglikescats,"Absolutely recommended. I picked up this on a fly, I was looking for a good platformer that I would love and would be challenging too. I read the reviews and watched the trailer, and I bought it. Now, the game's been so good I decided to write a review too.Pros:You can run this on a potato, very little system reqsAmazingly fluid gameplayGood physicsAttacking and shooting is very smoothBlood and gore is smoothGraphics are good for a 2D gameDieing just makes you want to play moreLots of things to doGreat AI on monsters and friendly caveblazersNo regenItems that boost your performance, give you health, and make for very interesting gameplayNice storylineKilling a hard boss or clearing a level gives you a feeling of elation that is total worth the timeConsDifficult, but easier than Enter the Gungeon according to one of my friendsDieing repeatedly can be very frustratingRandomly generated landscape is good, but you can be stuck in a hole that can be impossible to get out of, or at the bottom of a level, and its impossible to get back upGetting the equipment you want is based on luck, so you can have a really lucky run or a very bad oneSome bosses are pretty hard to defeatNo regen, I would consider this a pro, since it adds a challengeFind yourself playing too much (Where did the last hour go?)So I would give this a 10/10 for gameplay, a 10/10 for this genre, and a 9/10 for overall enjoyment, since it can get frustrating. But I would really recommend it, it's totally worth the $10. And the game will have you keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,452060,32754651,Posted: 24 June,all,NinjaRising,"It's Spelunky but WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY more exciting. I played Spelunky for the first time a day or two ago. It was so barebones and boring. Refunded it after 20 minutes of gameplay. I bought it because the reviews were so high which made me think it was a god-tier roguelike. Then I found out that they were so positive because people liked how simple and to the point the gameplay was and how it didn't rely on RNG; just your ""skill."" But that's not what roguelikes are all about imo. They're about embracing the RNG, adapting to it, and making it work for you; that's the skill aspect of these types of games. Caveblazers caters to that RNG through what items you manage to get and that makes the gameplay all the more interesting.So yeah. This game is the spiritual successor to Spelunky and I'd recommend this game over Spelunky any day of the week."
,Recommended,452060,31979684,Posted: 26 May,all,ConorPo,"Great roguelike game, mix of Spelunky and Risk of Rain."
76561198004429212,Recommended,452060,34239328,Posted: 14 August,all,Cbass00,Great game. It's hard but you'd probably wanna play a game like this with a controller.
76561198143646216,Recommended,452060,31213519,Posted: 17 April,all,IrrationalSpoon,"this game is amazing, but what it needs is multiplayer.thats the only way this game could improve"
,Recommended,452060,31942870,Posted: 24 May,all,TheBrazendale,"Even not factoring the amazing low low price, this game is fun as hell! One of the best games ive played in a while, definetly recommend spending your cash on this title!"
76561198037563631,Recommended,452060,33925635,Posted: 31 July,all,it's ya boy,Spelunky + Terraria = Caveblazers
76561198132162904,Recommended,452060,24117753,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,schtschv,"Played my first round.Died from spikes.Played a second round.Kill by another Caveblazer....10 rounds later.Killed by a poisonous portion.Next round.OMG A BOSS!!! I'm going to, oh I'm dead....F***!!!Still great game though."
,Recommended,452060,27564587,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stakes,Will be pretty good with Multiplayer either local or online.Think of 4 player co-op traveling down the cave and recruiting more friendlies to create an army of adventurers.
76561198078577427,Recommended,452060,31988273,Posted: 26 May,all,kdVICE,"This game is fantastic!If you like rogue-likes then this is something that will intrest youits simple, run around a cave, kill the monsters, pick up the loot to get stronger, grab some blessings to get passive buffsthen fight a boss! and you keep doing this till you win or die.there are also secret areas to add sme spice to the game too.and for a game thats at a decent price like this, why not get it!Local Co-op is being implemented soon (or if your reading this in the far future it already is implemented) sowhy not get it and grab a buddy to play it with, it will be loads of fun!however the only major issue about this game is that i personally have a toaster of a computer and this causes the game to run slowly and have a bit of lag spikes every now and then, but this is minor and does not affect the game play all that much, also i recomend getting a controler to play the game, you can get used to playing with a keyboard but the controls are uncomfortable mele is right control and ranged is the arrow keys and i find those are too close to eachother.but then again those issues are sorta related to me only so if those dont affect you, nothing is stoping you from getting this great game!"
76561198008222733,Recommended,452060,32000160,Posted: 27 May,all,Ravin Hawke,Perfect action roguelike that is challenging with each run being unique. Best played with controller
,Recommended,452060,33291230,Posted: 5 July,all,MunGhost,"it's fun, you get swords"
76561198041278032,Recommended,452060,33396049,Posted: 8 July,all,margoulish,"Blend risk of rain, vagante gameplay and broforce design and playabilityand get this awesome game"
,Recommended,452060,33367490,Posted: 8 July,all,Zincoshine,"This is spelunky, but with all the negative gameplay factors removed at the expense of graphics."
,Recommended,452060,33406400,Posted: 9 July,all,Kiεяyn,ai pretty sick game
,Recommended,452060,32542194,Posted: 18 June,all,Nollid,"If you're a fan of roguelike elements (unknown potions and other randomized effects) and fast platforming chances are you'll enjoy this game. The combat is fun and, at times, very frantic. With a laundry list of  weapons, magic items and consumables you'll have plenty of stuff to play with inbetween getting murdered by demons and blown up by your own incompetent bomb throws"
76561198277858216,Recommended,452060,32145737,Posted: 2 June,all,Sly_Atlas,this game is amazing its like if terraia and binding of isaac had a baby
76561198071307463,Recommended,452060,32610429,Posted: 20 June,all,Pugshotgun,Good game... plenty of fun... (help me idk how to do reviews)
,Recommended,452060,33122910,Posted: 2 July,all,TheMegaRedHead,It's like Spelunky so that's always good.
76561198143030878,Recommended,452060,32986987,Posted: 29 June,all,blumenleere,"The last time, I had this kind of fun, was, when I played The Binding of Isaac for the first time.And that's about it: every run is different, you get more used to the gaming mechanics, you need a little bit of luck, so you find helpful things; and then there are some really great perks - you find more and more -, you can choose before your run, that help you developing a strategy.For fans of the roguelike-genre, there are so many games, I've played lots and lots of them, but fun ones like this come very rarely!"
,Not Recommended,452060,32075537,Posted: 30 May,all,imabustya,"I like this game. I want to recommend it but I can't. The gameplay doesn't feel fully fleshed out. I feel as though there are significant balance issues. I enjoy difficult games but this game goes beyond difficulty into punishment. This game could be really great with some more testing and tweaking. The biggest offender in punishing gameplay is the high variance in everything. Aquiring items and powers in the first two areas is crucial to beating the first boss, but often large sections of the map are off limits due to bad luck. In addition to large sections of the map being off limits, lowering the chance of getting the powers and items you need to progress, the items and powers you do find can be underwhelming or irrelevant. For example, you find powerups for ranged attacks but never find ranged items; You find an even mix of ranged and melee items but the negative effects on those items cancel eachother out; You find 4 unidentified potions but all of them gimp your character; To top things off, even if you find a good melee build, the random boss you encounter is nearly invulnerable to melee attacks or visa versa. This game has serious balance and difficulty issues mostly due to variance. I really hope improvements are made because I do love the core elements of this game but these elements aren't new and they don't improve on the mechanics this game draw's inspiration from. I would recommend people purchase Risk of Rain, Dead Cells, Magicite, or Rogue Legacy instead for games of this genre."
,Recommended,452060,32712243,Posted: 23 June,all,queefwizard,20 minutes in and can tell it's awesome. Having a great time and I can tell it'll stick for awhile. 10 bones come on you won't regret it!
76561198106172752,Not Recommended,452060,31964745,Posted: 25 May,all,Deadmaulerz,"It's a decent game but it relies far too much on RNG. I've even had a few levels be unpassable due to the random generation. Not to mention that the bow is terrible due to not being able to properly aim it or because I would get no equipment. And before anyone criticizes me, yes I know what a rogue like is I play them often because they are my favorite type of game. And yes I know I've only got an hour in the game, but that hour just wasn't satisfying. The combat was somewhat meh in my opinion. There is no way to dodge or get away from enemies, although they don't do damage until they attack you. And the bow as I stated earlier is horrendously bad most of the time, and don't even get me started on the mess that is the jumper enemy. I would still encourage checking the game out because it is decent, but this definitely isn't a 1.0 version. It needs some major improvements overall."
,Recommended,452060,31940697,Posted: 24 May,all,F V C K,"Great rogue-like, buy it, you'll probably like it."
,Recommended,452060,22219601,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SolarFlar3,"I was sitting on the fence about reviewing this game until an update came out yesterday that fixed almost everything I didn't like about it. Now I wholeheartedly recommend it.Pros:1. A runthrough takes the perfect amount of time2. The game in its current state is well worth the price, yet it just came out in early access and is planned to have many content updates.3. Weapons and blessings make each run feel delightfully different from each other (Almost Isaac levels of different)4. When you do cool maneuvers to get out of risky situations, you feel awesome. The game controls really well.5. Most enemies are at just the right threat level.6. Getting high scores is really satisfying.Cons:1. The typical potion system with colored potions having unknown effects is present in this game. Like other roguelikes with this system, potions are identified after being used once, but you can only use those potions on yourself, which, as usual, makes the whole system not worth trying out due to riskiness. It either needs a system where you can throw potions at enemies to identify their effect, or potions need to have mostly positive effects. Isaac's pills would be a good place to look. All pills are either positive or neutral except for 1 pill that deals 1 damage to you.2. You can't tell how a pseudo-multiplayer enemy feels about you until they shoot the first arrow at you. Since they are by far the scariest potential enemy in the game, they NEED to have different colored shirts or something based on their ""personality."" You cant really exploit them as an interesting game mechanic if you have to hide from every single one you see to not take damage."
76561197971877162,Recommended,452060,22237480,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"So far, a really fun roguelike.  A decent amount of variety with the enemies.  Has very similiar gameplay mechanics to Spelunky, which you can obviously see it resembles once you play it.  You start with some grenades, a health pack, a sword and a bow.You will get upgrades and potions, all of which could either be better or worse than what you have.  The potion's can either help or hurt as well.  You will also find blessings, which upgrade various abilities.  My only con is that there is no real reason to fight the enemies. They never drop coins or gems. There is no xp bar either.  I guess the only real reason to attack them is to build up a charge meter for special items you collect throughout the level.The graphics are very simplistic.  Nothing cute like Spelunky, but then again, you are paying only $5.  So you get what you pay for.  I think most roguelite/like fans will get some mild enjoyment out of this."
76561198064979091,Not Recommended,452060,35239185,Posted: 27 September,all,Nermanater,"gameplay is very clunky and the game overall is very dissapointing, even at $10 I regret the purchase :-/ I love Spelunky and Risk of Rain, but the combat/RNG of this game is just terrible.I don't want to spoil anything but the ending was like a slap in the face too. The only way I got there was from a minor bug that was hotfixed same day but gave me an incredibly broken run. I can't imagine playing so much with garbage combat mechanics and finding impossibly good rng to ever make it to the end again, and if that was what I found I can't imagine how bad that'd feel."
,Not Recommended,452060,34265340,Posted: 15 August,all,Above,"After having finished the game, I can't recommend this in good consciousness. It's very RNG. Very simple. Lacks any sort of polish, and things are broken and awkward in the weirdest way. Doesn't seem like it'll ever get improved either, the game seems sets in its ways, and its ways feel like Early Access imbalances that still need to be smoothened out.Daily Challenges are the bread and butter of games that have it, and this game doesn't seem to know what to do with the formula. It's a cool idea to have unique modifyers and loadouts per day, but you're still thrown into a completely random seed beyond that. Making it feel a bit too much like a normal run, since you're not really competing for a better score than the rest of the community working with the same resources.The idea of having passive upgrades that you collect over time, kind of like The Binding of Isaac, is a nice touch. But they feel so limited. Most of the time it's a stat upgrade, or a burn effect on your weapon. Your choices are limited to what you find and the amount of runes are in this awkward spot where you both keep running into the same ones often enough to make most runs blend together and feel the same in a short time, but still not enough to really explore stacking them. Since picking up the same upgrade rune twice makes the effect stack. Usually just upgrading a damage counter from 1 to 2, not much interesting going on there either.Potions are handled poorly too. I get they're a staple in traditional rogue gameplay, but with the limited pool of healing items in a lot of runs and the severity of damage per hit, it's really hard to justify using potions when they can burn you, poison you, give you direct damage, decrease your max health. The negatives are too impactful to feel like the gamble is ever worth it. There are workarounds to the damage over time ones, but these feel like workarounds that are in place because the developer hadn't considered their use this way, not because of smart design. Exiting the floor and activating a rune makes you invulnerable, so they're safe from the damage over time being calculated. It feels like an exploit. And that's how a lot of this game's mechanics often come across.You have choices between loadouts, with a large pool of starting runes, each giving you some differences to your stats and starting equipment, but most of them give you parameters you could achieve by yourself at floor 2 or 3 without this system having been there, so it seems superficially diverse at best. I have similar feelings to how items are dropped and work together with said runes, since there's basically no point in ever picking a starting rune that doesn't allow you to equip magic items ever when you'll just keep finding them anyway.The game handles and plays well, otherwise I wouldn't have played this game for 30 hours. On the surface there's nothing wrong with it, but once you start going deeper than that, pushing past hour 2 or 3, it becomes clear there's not much thought put into depth or longevity. Also the ending is incredibly out of place and weird. Most of the problems could easily get fixed in a patch or two, but I don't think they ever will. It's a massive disappointment."
,Recommended,452060,34246879,Posted: 14 August,all,FatDoodler,Love the sword animation xD
76561198043576276,Recommended,452060,23992964,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GosuPat,Great game and dev
76561198263530983,Recommended,452060,31964000,Posted: 25 May,all,TPROLL,"This game would be amazing if it werent for the aim on your ranged weapons its quite game breaking i mean their functionality is trumped so much by then sword alot of times i forget i have a ranged weapon and i know their are perks you can find in the dungeon that make you want to use ranged weapons but  even so perks shouldnt be the deciding factor on wether i want to use it, and there is no gauruntee that i will even get the perks that make ranged weapons worth using i after going through the game and dying multiple times farthest i got is the level after the second boss and its pretty painfull to die over and over and over again and respawn wand want to do something new switch it up a bit but realising that ranged weapons are beat out by mele weapons(my opinion). And that most of this game is luck driven, you will get tireed of throwing yourself time and time again i really wish they add a more rewarding system so you dont end up at the same place each time you die not being able to get past for so long.Dont get me wrong i fell in love with this game, will i stop playing it because i suck at using the ranged weapons No!, this game has captivated me and also its level design which is completely random is amazing i never get used to it, it is an amazing concept they have done well, i just hope the make ranged weapons a little more viable and easier to use for people like.Over all i totally recomend getting this game it is an amazing game and i wont stop playing it anytime soon.Ps: I REALLY F**KING HATE THESE GODAMN BATS XD 8/10 game"
,Recommended,452060,32621595,Posted: 21 June,all,Abraham,"This game is really good. If you like Risk of Rain, or what my Girlfriend thinks I call it. RiskRain. I would just love if they added a 2-4 player Co-op."
76561198067638926,Recommended,452060,31959128,Posted: 25 May,all,Sapherno11,"Yes. This game is worth 10 dollars.I won't be playing much of it though. Its a typical Rouge setup, but with one fatal flaw that makes it not playable for me.There's no forward Progress. Rogue Legacy gave you the ability to buy health, perks, and a bunch of other things that carried Onward, allowing you to progress through the game, letting you get further, and further, and further and further until you could finally beat the damn thing.Caveblazers sadly does not. As you throw yourself at the dungeon, you do unlock ""perks"" that you can start with, which, while good, ultimately doesn't help much. The game started out pretty good, learning the new stuff, and having fun, but within my first hour of playing, it devolved into throwing myself at the dungeon hoping to get a good enough setup to let me face the boss and live. If I didn't, I'd just commit suicide and try again. and again. And again.tl;dr Good gameplay, very hard, but WAY too reliant on luck to be able to progress in the game, no real way of making forward progress as you are forced to start from scratch every time you die"
76561198014913462,Recommended,452060,22796803,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Illimitus,"Awesome game with great potential to be the next Spelunky.Here is what they need to do, add more layers to the game play, boost the graphics! Don't forget about the graphics!EDITAbove was an Early Access review. I feel the developers accomplished those things. Recommend for 9 dollars if you are a Spelunky genre fan."
,Recommended,452060,33701404,Posted: 21 July,all,N00byGamerPlayz,Roguelike game with a terrifying difficulty with a Minecraft inventory Very good and fluent game!
,Recommended,452060,32036019,Posted: 28 May,all,D470N36UY,"The part in the description where it says the AI companions use ""advanced pathfinding"" is a lie, but other than that this is an amazing game and anyone who enjoys rogue-like platformers such as ""rogue legacy"" and ""spelunky"" should get this game!"
76561198189906623,Recommended,452060,24302302,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bridgerino Baxteria,I blazed in a cave. I thoroughly enjoyed. I give a weed out of ten
,Recommended,452060,23845629,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Devo/SacrificialAnxiety,"a fun little game, worth the admission price.  very easy to pick up, combat is well paced, not a lot to it right now, but lots of features planned, looking forward to playing more of it as it's updated."
76561198078097097,Recommended,452060,32936744,Posted: 28 June,all,JJ Jamie,Great game!!!
,Recommended,452060,22245154,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Vertinove,"Pros+Potions every game have a different effect. One game you play a pink potion may give you +30 health where as in another game a pink potion might set you alight. This adds to a kind of risktaking factor.+Random map gen means every game the chests, blessings, exit door, etc will all be in different locations you you essentially have new challenges to face.+The price is really low for the amount of entertainment you can get.-------------------------------Neutral=The pathfinding system is pretty good in this game for the pseudomultiplayer character guys but for other enemies its pretty lacking. A lot of enemies will try to jump over something to get to you and they will continue to jump in that same place unable to move.=Add an option to return to the main menu from the death screen. It is kind of annoying to have to start a new run only to exit out.=Melee range is weird. You can be standing over a chest/pot swinging and still wont be able to break it open.-------------------------------Cons-Ranged weapon combat sucks, which in itself sucks considering how big of a role ranged combat plays in this game. I played this game on keyboard and you can only shoot in 8 directions, cross and diagonally, making some enemies very hard to hit. Please add an option for keyboard users to have the mouse to aim with as it would help a ton.-Right now this game is a bit shallow in item variation. From blessings to weapons they can get pretty repetitive.-This one is kind of a silly one but as of right now the player (yourself) and all the pseudomultiplayer guys (AI) have the exact same character model. Nothing wrong with this but in fights of 3+ fighters in the exact same oufit and it can be confusing who you are controlling. Add something to differentiate us from the enemies.-------------------------------All in all you are getting a fair amount of content for the price. This game is by no means groundbreaking but at the same time I think it is good enough that you will enjoy playing it if you are a fan of the permadeath/rougelite genre.I'll also change my review as the game is updated or I think of anything else. Right now i'll give Caveblazers a 7/10."
76561198158323058,Recommended,452060,33468925,Posted: 11 July,all,PigasaurusRex,i really like this game and will spend many more hours on it.
,Recommended,452060,25504746,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DemonSebchan,"Fun game, noticed a bug early on, when you die it wont send me to the menu. But the game itself is lots of fun and bugs are expected in a early access"
,Recommended,452060,25506503,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Bubbers64,Super Good! I've been looking for a game like this for awhile. Very solid spelunky-ish gameplay with very tight combat and movement that reminds me of Samurai Gunn.Watching the videos you kind of figure it controls awesome and that is very true once you play. Nice variety of items and the fighting feels like a duel(really love the parrying) and AI.Buy it!
,Recommended,452060,25554952,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Erwin,"genuinely fun little game with an increasing difficulty and very cool items.pros-quick to start-simple to understand hard to master-fun-cool items-varying weapons ie sword, bow, totems...-unlocks, aesthetic mostly but perks too.-really nice art style.-interesting boss fightscons-can be frustrating when there are poorly generated items.-i wish there was a pvp mode, and maybe a coop, or even a survival horde mode.-ive only discovered the same environment, could be cool to have other biomes like water caves or ice or magma etcverdict8/10-purely because despite its flaws its so funwoul 100% reccomend especially for the price."
,Recommended,452060,25882608,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,The Stonk Market,"Extremely exciting game, Spelunky on steroids.Wish it had some sort of multiplayer though."
,Recommended,452060,32319523,Posted: 10 June,all,DG#YouAreTearingMeApartLisa,Can't get to the shrouded land? Git gud... 11/10 - iGn
,Recommended,452060,32339454,Posted: 11 June,all,LumiaFrancis,"wtf,mini gun Jetpack"
76561198060391820,Recommended,452060,32457658,Posted: 15 June,all,Mike Mortell,fun time waster reminds me of spelunky even though ive never played that game
,Recommended,452060,34192532,Posted: 12 August,all,D3nnis,good
76561197970430697,Recommended,452060,28451644,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xefure,"Instantly addictive, good classic style character control. One of those games that, upon dieing, you will find yourself saying ""Ok, just one more go..."" (about 10 times)"
,Recommended,452060,28452171,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,pizzasoda,very fun and addictive however difficult cannot wait for full game
,Recommended,452060,28614441,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,"the cube boss ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. everything else is good.there should've at least been a boss at the end, C O M E   O N ! !just a door and they tell you good job you did it theres nothing left in the game yeti get its in early beta i have no problem with that but why couldn't i just fight one last guy?I HAD ALL THAT COOL STUFF. Oh well.I'm sure they'll add more guys to fight and levels and stuff and i will return when they do.As it is, it's still worth the purchase.though not without a final boss..."
76561197994987836,Recommended,452060,28724014,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rocketseed,"This game is like a fast paced action splunky, if that sounds like something you might like i suggest trying it."
,Recommended,452060,28432870,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ｔｒａｓｈｇｈ０ｓｔ,"This game is something I've skimmed over before due to early development, but since the latest sale I thought I'd give it a try. It's extremely fun. This rogue-like platformer has me crawling through each playthrough, looking forward to the next level each time. The bonus perks are also very diverse and a fun way to spice up each run. I can't wait to see what this game will become in the future."
,Recommended,452060,33894082,Posted: 29 July,all,Erratic,"If you love having your hopes and dreams crushed repeatedly, this is the game for you."
76561198378402259,Recommended,452060,33018905,Posted: 29 June,all,moonglum12,This game introduces a lot of new and fresh ideas. Its so much fun to play and never gets old. Its like if D&D and Trraria came together and had a baby.
76561198078880177,Recommended,452060,33872271,Posted: 28 July,all,some military dud,oi m8s this game is awesome u can like turn off the sound and chill by listing too moosic and its challengin 10/10 wouold fooking watch the trailer again
76561198041599115,Recommended,452060,32821241,Posted: 26 June,all,Twentyone17,May thy spare time rest in peace.
76561198023494444,Recommended,452060,32875166,Posted: 27 June,all,Cortech,"It DAmm-Bloody-Dingelong COOL!A awesome rouge-like dungeon dwelling game, a bit like Risk of Rain, or so-to-say sideways Binding of Isac?I its nice, fun, and slightly adictive!(don't mind me, im just wied(or not?))"
,Recommended,452060,22216146,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rolkus,"I've followed Caveblazers since before it was Caveblazers. The developer, Rupeck created game engines for others to use.Then one engine evolved into this;Absolute carnage.A fun, frantic, violent piece of awesome. From the get go you're thrown into a cave and have to survive. The 'psuedo' players are a great addition to the game - unless they steal your weapon you've just found inside a chest, and when you attempt to get it back, they hand your♥♥♥♥♥to you on a platter.Great fun, works amazing with a controller too."
76561198046907145,Recommended,452060,22267612,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,nootislucid,"The closest word i can use to describe Caveblazers is childhood magic. I get an incredibly fun sense of wonder and discovery, learning through trial and error, as well as refining my personal play. 12/10. Fantastic price for the endless hours of play."
76561198079347929,Recommended,452060,22211387,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Gubba Dawg,Its pretty difficult but after every death you can't help but press restart.
,Recommended,452060,22275170,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Scaily,ask your self do you hate your self if yes buy this and let the rage flow youll be killing lookalikes for hours or becoming a pile of red chunks.simply put its good fast fun but the player/multiplayer ai seriously is op and never ever misses..thats my only complaint there just to good and leav you with no hp in seconds
,Recommended,452060,22311817,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,UnlikelyheroXenohart,Early Access Review : There has been a large increase in platformer Roguelike and Roguelites recently and for the most part I enjoy most of the ones I have played.  Most of the ones I have played usually start off where all enemys are sigificantly stronger than you to where you are just hoping for a lucky drop to even the playing field. During my few runs in Caveblazers I always felt dying was my own fault and unless I was low health I was not afraid to fight everything. I also never felt overpowered even with my health draining sword and bow that shot out grenades as my health never stayed at full for long. There is a confirmed ending and a boss fight for each area as opposed to just going through seemingly endless floors for no gratification. Nothing in sounds or visuals beyond average that stood out to me you get the idea from the trailer . For the cheap price it is worth it to give it a try and see where it goes as more is added to this title.
76561198289590202,Recommended,452060,22234827,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shwiny,"Caveblazers is a fast paced and brutal roguelite platformer drawing heavy inspiration from Spelunky. Each floor is randomised, adding a new feel to every run. It features tons of additional weapons and items to help you fight through many different types of enemies. Even this early in development, the game is chock-full of content and really puts you into that ""one-more-run"" mindset. Right now, I would definitely recommend Caveblazers to anybody."
76561197967571564,Recommended,452060,28112438,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Certari,"Fast and frantic, with a touch of crazy.This game is randomly generated platforming/exploration similar to spelunky, with a much heavier combat mechanic.The Good:Randomly generated terrain means you never know whats coming up next.Random npcs join in to either help you by fighting at your side, or by running ahead and taking the items up ahead.Clean and quick graphics never leave you guessing what is part of the environment or not.Even though when you die, you start over, you can earn perks by completing challenges. These let you customize howyou start your character.The Odd:With everything being random, you can be incredibly powerful right out of the start, or be 6 levels in with little betterthan the starting stuff.The Bad:Sometimes feels very unfair, when you get to a boss that requires a certain playstyle, but you've gotten nothing tohelp.Overall, this game is definitely something I would suggest to people who like platformers and hard games alike."
76561198071742018,Recommended,452060,22526534,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,genevastarz,"Super addictive and fun to play. The potential is emmense, it's so worth buying it in early access and play as the game updates"
,Not Recommended,452060,29527308,Posted: 27 January,all,Glass Grave Jack,"I'm about ready to call it quits with this game. At first it seemed a lot like this game was a little bit of isaac, some more overt fantasy RPG elements and a lot of spelunky on top. That blend of elements just plain doesn't work and I don't know how else to phrase it. Spelunky is a game that challenges you, almost ironically, by subjecting you to the same threats as your adversaries, you must be careful when throwing rocks, bombs, or arrows, as they could end up in a position that hurts or kills you. Spelunky had mountains of depth and gave you the tools you needed to break the game from the get go, it made you feel powerful and in control.This game fails miserably to do that. The combat is frantic and without any semblence of depth, a shortcoming of many roguelikes that is beginning to irk me more as time goes on. The starting bow and sword feel absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥weak. I've spent plenty of time analyzing enemy attack patterns to the point that I think I know the solution. This game needs a block button and slower enemy telegraphing. No I do not mean casualize the game and make enemy attacks slow and counterable in a single button press, I mean, make the attacks last more than a few frames, give them a short, reactable window. As it stands all you do in melee combat (Which is 9000% unsuitable for any of the boss fights I've encounted by the way) is mash the X button and hope for the best. Cheesing the enemies from a distance proves far more effective in most cases, and to the games credit, the AI is good enough to chase you down and make you pay.Placing this huge emphasis on ""Skill"" with a game that contains RPG elements was always going to be a poor choice, and not because of luck, but because the RPG elements are all garbage. slightly more damage, slightly more health, or some magical item which is a variation of ""Kill stuff"" aren't what games like these needs. What this game needed was a way to get ahead from the beginning, to dominate the low level enemies. In Spelunky, one of the riskiest moves you can make is killing a shop keeper. Doing so will net you whatever he had in his shop plus his prized shotgun, which makes most standard enemies a walk in the park. The tradeoff? Shopkeepers with shotguns will chase you for the rest of the game. Risk verse reward at its finest. This game needs that. Currently there are so few uses for gold that it's not worth the time to collect it.Progression is also slow. With points gained via progression, you're able to unlock new class perks and... Cosmetics. Yes, this unfinished, poorly designed, boring, frustrated mess of a game needed cosmetics to pad it out. There is so little reward for the time you put in. Killed a boss? Made it pretty far? Here's a robe. Good Roguelike games give good rewards for progression. Ziggurat gives you new characters, new weapons, new perks. This game gives you perks, albeit ones that barely change the game. Your bow does slightly more damage, there, feel powerful now?Maybe I didn't give this game a chance. Maybe you CAN break the game, maybe the progressive rewards DO get good, but I'm not holding my breath, and I'm certainly not impressed. Let's see if the finished product proves less of a misguided Spelunky clone, doubt it."
,Recommended,452060,32876616,Posted: 27 June,all,Pringles,Gneiss Schist.  (Look it up)
76561198240366896,Recommended,452060,33578618,Posted: 16 July,all,dANNY bOI,Fun game.
,Recommended,452060,29793927,Posted: 8 February,all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,A fun roguelike that lets you restart within 2 seconds of dying made frustrating by frequent bugs and input lag.
76561198044771261,Recommended,452060,32105906,Posted: 1 June,all,Tronaldton,This game is awesome and I love it! But it constantly crashes when I play it. :(
,Recommended,452060,34912236,Posted: 12 September,all,wolfwood2130,"Caveblazers has been my favorite roguelike platformer when compared to Spelunky, La Mulana and Vagante. I have enjoyed the bevy of different items available to the player as well as the random blessings available in each level. I find the art to be simple but charming, and the sound/music soothing and fun. The game is very challenging but is equally if not more so rewarding of smart play mixed with a little strategy. The levels themselves are the key to success or defeat as it is imperative to use terrain placement to defeat your enemies in as safe a manner as possible. If you would like a little bit more info or to see some gameplay then check out the link below. Have a great day, and see you in the caves!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Lndrx82q4E"
76561198028243153,Recommended,452060,31988386,Posted: 26 May,all,WorldWarWeasel,This gam is fleppin awesaome m8z
,Recommended,452060,31988559,Posted: 26 May,all,Dick Marcinko,"It's better than bad, it's good."
,Recommended,452060,31932717,Posted: 24 May,all,Lunacrack,nice controls and good fight animationsif you love pixel games buy itbuy it now
76561198120868106,Recommended,452060,33736429,Posted: 22 July,all,aadikharwa,fun game
,Recommended,452060,34451233,Posted: 23 August,all,ScruffyMaster7,11/2
76561198157932983,Not Recommended,452060,32180491,Posted: 4 June,all,I wrestled a bear once,"This game will satify you but ultimately you will be left feeling short changed by overpowered bosses and bugs.The game needs a way to enjoy the levels without the ultra difficult bosses and their not so obvious tactics. Far too many times I've found some of the best items and powerups only to be forced on a boss stage against a chaotic boss, pinballed around the room and died.  Kind of like being comboed and bounced on tekken or mk.I'd like a way to enjoy this game without the same playthroughs."
76561198222271884,Recommended,452060,32076038,Posted: 30 May,all,Sgt Turnip,me like
76561198143501091,Recommended,452060,26190108,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,EnormousPun,"This is a very enjoyable game. Relativce to games, like Spelunky and Vagante, it is more of an action game. The power-ups make it fun, as do ridiculous semi-suicidal weapons, like the pomegranate bow(it fires a cluster of little grenades in a line whose explosions causes them to ricochet around). Sometimes, enemy NPCs will simply wreck me, which is an aspect that hopefully won't change.I got this game a while ago now, have played just about every update and can say that the devs have been doing a good job with it. I've enjoyed playing this game and seeing the tweaks and fixes happen during its development.What might be useful to some is that this game indeed runs nice on low-spec laptops (mine has an i5 and 3000 series integrated video)."
,Recommended,452060,23386207,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ASpoopyPixel,Game is improving from last time I played.I think it has great potential but a few thingsfixedthegoddamnjumpheighit sucksthats the only problem I have with game(multiplayer seems a bit nice if you ask me for a game like this)
76561198080263894,Recommended,452060,33897634,Posted: 29 July,all,Daborgon,gud
76561197976250474,Not Recommended,452060,33478684,Posted: 12 July,all,Amplitudo,"Great game marred by a terrible ending.I put a lot of time into Caveblazers, and up until beating the game, I enjoyed it immensely. But the ending is so bad that it feels like a slap in the face of the player. Others might find it amusing, but I did not. It was crude, disgusting, and did not feel like it fit with the rest of the game.Because of the terrible ending alone, I cannot recommend this game to anyone else."
,Not Recommended,452060,24896830,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,OrlolvareZ,"It is like Spelunky as some say: it's unfair and unbalanced and it feels like you don't have a total control of your journey. The game was funny in the first runs and, although it has very good features like the controls (that could be better, but they serve properly) or the weapon variety, unfortunatley has more cons than pros:- Unbalanced AI: there are more adventurers just like you and fight you without even attacking them and, most of the few runs I had, I was killed by them-- Lack of loot: you get a good amount of gold, but you can barely spend it and health items are very bare.- Long, LONG bosses: bosses have lots of health, I´ve fought three or four of them and they take too long and make the melee combat almost useless (except for the big spider). Take way too much damage and the dangers on the place are many or the boss moves around a lot.If anything of that could be changed I would be pleased and probably many others would, but I´m concernd about the developer leaving the game devolpment. It has potential, but it needs too many changes in this state"
,Recommended,452060,34278004,Posted: 16 August,all,Ullah,Try to git gud.
76561198009004228,Not Recommended,452060,24522167,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sir Jesus,"I thought this game seemed fun, but the AI players are way too strong in their current iteration. I like the idea, but the fact that whenever one shows up it's ALWAYS more beneficial to run than to fight means something is wrong. If they gave loot aside from what they may have taken from the dungeon in front of you then they would be more fun. Right now they're just the least fun addition to the game, and I can't help but wonder how many more cool enemies there would be if you spent the effort making those guys on something that actually added to the game."
,Recommended,452060,31746178,Posted: 14 May,all,Lolcatsnigga,fun short gamestill havnt beaten it
,Not Recommended,452060,29641528,Posted: 1 February,all,Crimson Mourn,"Has a lot of annoying issues, melee and ranged hit boxes suck,ai can swiftly move behind you but due to hit box issues you usually take damage even if you react fast enough,  random generated terrain can become unreachable.Most magic items require kills to charge which hinder gameplay, throwables such as lightning orbs and stun orbs are very hard to use. Not enough health pickups (specially before and after bosses), blessings (power ups) sometimes spawn in strange areas which cause involuntary activation due to jumping. Cosmetic unlocks dont add anything to game play; in fact a lot of times you mistake anyone wearing green with an orc. etc etc... Not recommended in current state..."
76561198338169730,Not Recommended,452060,32199457,Posted: 5 June,all,HitmanBarnes,Iv'e had this game since before full release tho i enjoyed it before full release i dont anymore.....well atm. They have made orcs spawn in groups and constantly spawn so 1st few levels can be horrible. unless you play 1 game 24/7 and can GIT GUD then you are good but if you enjoy other games dont bother. to me it now feels like they expect every player to be a master. sorry if you dont like the review but its my opinion which may change.
76561198047007925,Not Recommended,452060,34360567,Posted: 19 August,all,Massiah Jones,"A lot of the features of both Risk of rain and Spelunky but with the charm of neither. Offers too little off the bat and the variety there is is underwhelming.Buy one of the aforementioned games instead, this just isn't worth it."
76561198197883051,Not Recommended,452060,28742396,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spectre,"This game has massive potential, but right now it's just kind of... frustrating.The controls and art style are second to none, but the gameplay just feels kind of unfinished. There are still a lot of issues that come up everytime you start a game, and to be perfectly honest, it's far too difficult.Difficulty in a game can be very important, but CaveBlazers just seems to shove it at you with out consent.This game WILL be amazing, but right now it's a bitunforgiving and over the top.With continued detication from the developers and comunity, CaveBlazers could become one of the greatest rougelikes out there. However for now, the beta is still really unbalanced  with plenty of work to be done."
76561197965419833,Not Recommended,452060,33800600,Posted: 25 July,all,Zoogoober,"6 hours into this game and I have not progressed past the 4th level? Yeah, yeah... GET GUD right? Not so much. I feel like it is so difficult to make progress and so random that there is no way to get good and progress through the game. The first boss you come across can be relatively simple or insanely difficult and there is no way for you to affect that. Well, I got a bad boss, better start over completely...I even got to a point were I looked for cheats just to attempt to see more of the game... I hate to say it, but not balanced well."
,Not Recommended,452060,28772156,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blazingbeta,"I wanted to like caveblazers going into it. Unfortunatly, it feels too unpolished for me to recommend. They make you go through a tutorial at the start, but it doesn't even explain all of your controls. I had to figure out mid play how to use active items and open the consumable menu.Its one of those games that expects you to learn as you play, but never really tells you what anything does. There are a bunch of wandering humans that can join you, but I have no idea what actually makes them become friendly, they just sometimes do after a while. After fighting the first boss for 10 minuetes and having all my followers die, he finally landed and it actually let me do high damage to him. I don't know if he got stuck in a loop and refused to land for me, but because my bow shots technically did damage I assumed it was just a bullet sponge boss.I think this game has potential, but in my 30 minuets of play I relized I wasn't having any fun the entire time, I would rather play almost any other roguelike."
76561198067449493,Not Recommended,452060,32456299,Posted: 15 June,all,glassguy2,"Now, let me explain. I've got hands on both this game and Spelunky, and I shall be comparing most of my experiences from Caveblazers to Spelunky. Now, I've only played this game for a relatively short time (4 hours by the time of this review), but I already know I'm probably not gonna come back to it. There are plenty of reasons why I'm making this action, many of which will be explained here.Aww, come on, game!Now, for roguelikes, deaths are abound. There is death after death after one success, then back to the regular schedule of kicking your butt. And I love that kind of gameplay. I love to have my face shoved in the oven 15 times in an hour, metaphorically, with rogue-likes. But this game makes deaths not seem fair. It's not because you weren't cunning enough, or were careless as to get smacked on, it feels more like the game didn't give you enough tools to succeed. The only goal in playing the game is to hope you get that really, really good run where you have the good stuff, and maybe have a chance at beating the bosses.Why more?There's probably stuff abound in this game. Thousands of items to collect, millions of areas to visit, lots of bosses to get killed on, so on and so forth. But I don't want to see all that stuff. There's no driving force. It's just like ""Oh hey, maybe if you beat this boss, you can get to see some new enemies!"" But honestly, I don't care. There's a journal, for sure, but there's no reason to fill it out to the end. No plot to sink your teeth into the game so you can see your character have a happy ending, no huge overarching boss that kills all hinted at the end, it's just kind of there's a dungeon, and you go delve in it.What a rip-off!This game blatantly steals a bunch from Spelunky. You can walk through spikes, but you can't fall on them! Money to sell! Skins for your character! There's stuff to make the game easier! Daily Challenge! There's a underworld-esque level! It's level-based! Yadayadayada. It just feels like I'm playing a bootlegged Spelunky for the NES. If that's what you were trying to go for, Yogscast and Rupeck, good job, you did it.EDIT:Alright, in retrospect, I was a little too harsh on this subject, but the point still stands in my belief. They take way too much from Spelunky, and then add too little in the terms of other new mechanics. This can leave to what I thought without the edit.There still are pros, though.The controls are fluent, except for the bow on the Steam Controller. Your character seems oddly realistic when it comes to physics. Walljumps are a blessing that makes you feel really cool and help you in a lot of situations. The idea of blessings is a good concept. The gameplay is fun to see what gets placed where, and it can change up the game a bit.Final Verdict?If I were at the helm of this game, I would put the story back to work for a bit, and add some new mechanics that make the game stand out. I would only reccomend buying this game if it was on sale for below or a dollar, and they get some things right. I might go back to this game and see if it's changed to the better after updates, but so far, it's leaving me to give it a 5/10."
,Not Recommended,452060,33321571,Posted: 6 July,all,Guerilla Mindset,"Close to being really good, but in the end it's not nearly as fun as Dead Cells."
76561198173562905,Not Recommended,452060,32124529,Posted: 2 June,all,Hyperlaser,"Sure it's got heaps of stuff in it, but the crappy movement and combat doesn't leave me wanting more. Instead, the more I play, expecting to make meaningful progress, the more I walk away with a sour feeling about it. All the items are boring, the shrines do basically nothing, and most of the classes are nerfed to oblivion. Not a great overall experience."
76561198276004529,Not Recommended,452060,26154019,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,porcupineplant,It is boring and repetitive. I do not like this style of game.
76561198274776993,Recommended,452060,23622352,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Knightmare,ITS WORTH IT
76561198095426472,Not Recommended,452060,29121338,Posted: 8 January,all,WOKEPUPP,it wont recognize my keys and I am just stuck in the tutorial
,Not Recommended,452060,23877790,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bravehood,Spelunky 2 but with clunky controls and no free aim with bow (locked to 8 directions). Lack of steam achievements and i kept dropping items as i tried to close inventory with B
76561197994700960,Not Recommended,452060,26668267,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rburdiss,"Not a fan at all. I bought this going in under the assumptions it was single player as that is what I prefer and I like going at my own pace and completing the game on my own. This game is single player but there are tons of NPC's that start to appear the longer you play and do nothing but bounce all over the place and get in the way,steal items and destroy statues. Get rid of the NPC's or at least give an option to disable them and it might be a decent game."
76561198013654857,Not Recommended,452060,32555526,Posted: 18 June,all,GodsGunman,"No 21:9 support, can't even use fullscreen at all, as my monitor turns black, so I have to play in windowed mode. Can't use the mouse for aiming at all, have to use arrow keys for shooting arrows. Not impressed."
,Not Recommended,452060,23643750,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Barneybus,Gets stale.
76561198227235100,Not Recommended,452060,31943617,Posted: 24 May,all,Tommy,"The controls are too clunky. Most roguelikes let you left click to melee attack, and right click to do a ranged attack. In this game you have to press right control to do a melee attack, and press the arrow keys to fire in that direction. To do a diagonal ranged attack you have to hit two arrow keys at the exact same time. I know my way around a keyboard and have beat platformers using the arrow keys to move, but you just can't use them to aim a bow against bats which are flying around erratically, many other reviews have mentioned this. I tried going to Settings to see if I could at least set my left mouse button to melee attack, but nope, it has to be keys. The game would be fun with more standard roguelike controls, or maybe with a controller, but due to the controls I cannot enjoy or recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,452060,32116239,Posted: 1 June,all,Anth,"Upon launching, the game changed all of my audio settings in windows and screwed up my desktop resolution.After changing everything back and forcing the game to Windowed, I selected Play.  I use a dualshock 4 with ds4windows so that it's mapped like an Xbox 360 controller.  Melee doesn't work, ranged doesn't work.  I unplug the controller and try using the keyboard.. same deal.  I run to the first boss and watch the NPC helper try to kill it.  I give up out of boredom.0 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,452060,22405407,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Draconis Nox,"This game is trash, first of all. I keep seeing it compared to Risk of Rain, of which I am a god at on the highest settings. This garbage doesnt even have propper hit detection on it to be comparable to any other rogue platformer I own. It tried hard to be something I dont feel it can be.If you are next to a mob, and you are facing away from it. Logically you would think ""Hey I can turn around and swing."" but in this 'game' pushing the other direction will ALWAYS move you into the mob instead, to which any swing you make will go BEHIND the mob and miss all together. Apparently thats a thing...unlike Risk of Rain where you can actually face another direction without being forced to move.The lowest level teir mobs do the most damage. One blob that jumps into you or a bat that flys at you, the very first mobs encountered in this game, can mannage to do upwards of 50 damage, or half of your health without any reason other than this game has no ""invincibility"" or ""delay"" when the enemy is detected as hitting you. They also can mannage to get between your melee swings if you can imagine how that happens, more often then not, which leaves you having to use bow only through the majority of the game.The ""Bow"" is the right analog stick. Jump is the ""A"" button and Melee is the ""X"" button. Do you see the problem here? If being forced into using ranged attack because melee is complete feces, you are forced to have to constantly manuever between bow and jump and having a half second delay between each. At the pace this game is set, this makes no sense. It woudl have been fine to have Y as bow, and stop you from moving while shooting. That would have at least allowed you to jump and fire downward without delay or difficulty.The Melee is a joke. Most things just go through your melee unless you are fortunate enough to find a rune with explosive melee attacks on it. Even then, you leave it up to compelete chance to actually function, since the explosions are  RANDOM.Jumping is trashy too. The lack of air control on this game makes me wonder what the person creating this intended. If I thrust DOWN with melee attack (Aka Zelda 2) USUALLY I go in a straight line directly down even from the mid arc of my jump. This is unreliable. This game tried to force you into one cube or another (The game is made of cubes and bricks of space. I will call them cubes for refferance of meaning.) Much like the fact that ""turning around"" forces you to step into a cube in the direction you wish to face, down thrusting and jumping does the same, though in a very♥♥♥♥♥♥poor manner. If you are between two cubes on their center line while down thrusting, the game picks the worst one for you to occupy 100%. It will pick the cube NOT occupied by a mob instead of dropping you on the top of the mobs head like it is supposed to and force you to watch as you take massive damage.Jumping also doesnt connect with walls many times, making you slide down without registering the ""catch"" on the wall and forcing you to be unable to jump.Melee gets 'stuck' and doesnt allow you to attack, and bows have random aim even when uneffected by gravity, mnaking the precision required to aim in this game almost pointless unless something is trapped and unmoving.Enemy damage is way too high. You have 100 hit points to start, which sounds like a lot. Mobs on the first map can do 10-40 points of damage in one strike. Which pretty much makes you avoid everything that you can. Is litterally dodge ball. Food is scarce and this isnt something fun to deal with since the smallest mobs in the game (Bats) can hit you 3 or 4  times in less time than it takes you to swing once due to how poorly this game handles damage and hitting.Over all it doesnt feel like a rogue so much as an IWTBTG hack.An eye blistering lack of detail in this game makes it hard to see everything at once. Its very retro and the graphics are terrible even for that. Its like Lemmings on low-rez. Music is the same song over and over, and it doesnt really fit the game. Its more like ambient trance or something rather than music I woudl call for adventure on.In its current state I cant even see this being a reasonable game to buy. Maybe when its done."
,Not Recommended,452060,32502264,Posted: 17 June,all,Horiuchi,"Bad Contols,Bad Gameplay,OP Enemies.This is a horrible game, please dont pick it up."
76561198054655997,Recommended,452060,22886273,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TaintedKnight,"I like it almost as much as Spelunky already, and the game isn't even finished. I expect good things from this game."
76561198082984967,Recommended,452060,23188612,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,alexbrett13r,This game has seen recent development and is looking better and better. I would say the future llooks good!
76561198006376629,Recommended,452060,24647142,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kiljoy001,"This game shows a lot of promise for an early release. The game play is challenging, responsive, and mostly fun. However, there I think the designer has some major critical flaws in this game. Most of these flaws present themeselves as annoyances or make progressing in the game really difficult.  The first thing that annoys me the most about this game is that there is no clear way to upgrade your character after each death. In a lot of rogue-like/lites there is often a mechanism to improve the player's character so that eventually you can build yourself up to delve deeper into the dungeon enviroment. To be fair, I am not expecting my character to to suddenly become stronger after a brief playthrough, but I do expect that over time my efforts to get through the dungeon are rewarded accordingly. Espeically if the game sports a scoring mechanic, scoring each run.  Sadly this game's version of this does not seem to be that great in this respect. For example, my first two 'unlocks' were a hat and tunic that did nothing for my character beyond looking cool. It would be much more benifical and fullfilling if the items actually did something rather than just apperances giving the player a more meaningful reward which in turn will make the player want to play more of the game. Another mistake I feel is that the game has stage bosses that are not optional. I question this because decision because the game lacks any reliable way to restore your health. All items are random drops from chests, mosters or shrines. It is nearly impossible to prepare for a boss battle when you have little to control of what items are avaliable. I would really like to see some sort of shopping or something else that provides a chance to stock up before the boss battles. Again, I am not expecting the character to be able to run off to the shop at anytime, but a randomized items or randomized chance for shopping would make this much more enjoyable. It is a fustrating experiance to finally make it to the first boss with less than 50% health, no healing items and die on the first one or two hits before even understanding the boss's pattern, then returning and the  boss you battled is now another boss you've never seen before. Another thing that gets my goat is those other adveturer interlopers. I understand that this supposed to be a highlight of the game, but it's really annoying to be creamed by these guys. Not only that,  they quickly grab the blessing powerups and other good items making your life hell when and if you make to the boss (becuase you are underpowered). Because the reward for killing them is pathetic I would much rather see a system where some of the items they collect are dropped, allowing the player to use them strategically - let them collect stuff, and kill them for a big pay off as a basic example. I strongly believe that this would be a fair and equitable reward for the risk taken to defeat them. Finally, the last thing I absolutely hate is the bombs. Why is it impossible to throw them diagonally ? Why do the constantly bounce off walls making them useless in most instances? I would much rather have a grappling hook or some thing to climb up with than these things!"
,Recommended,452060,24730524,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,a44kaliburll,This game is a lot of fun...even if you just play for a few min per day...kinda hard at times; wish that the faux multiplayer was a toggle on/off option...but its alright.
76561198083522501,Recommended,452060,24514711,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,mattheweh42,It is a good game. It needs to tone down the other adventurers. It is too hard to fight five of them almost every level while they are taking all the items. They also home into me from across map and they almost always go to kill me. But other than that it is good.
,Recommended,452060,25967591,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Vague Resolve,"TL;DR :Caveblazers is a really fun, often frantic, fast-paced npc-based co-op action platformer rogue-lite/like (that's a mouthful) with solid combat and a pretty wide, and growing, item and power-up pool; with permanent perk and unlocks that can be swapped before the beginning of your runs.The bosses are pretty fun, none are unfair, and when you've got a large enough party some battles feel like a really intense encounter.Difficulty ramps up reasonably and you'll be good enough at the game to survive for a while when tish really hits the fan.This is one of the more promising early access roguelikes out there. 8.5/10 -IGN. (no I don't work for IGN)More details:So  after playing the game for a few hours, I decided that although there's plenty of things I've yet to see and experience, the time I've had with this game in those 2 and a half-ish hours has been more than great! I find this game to have massive potential as a rogue-lite (though the only ""lite"" part about it is the permanent swappable perks and clothing pieces you unlock by scoring points)So I was taking notes as I was playing through the game's welcoming first few hours, and listed the pros and cons (spoiler: there aren't many cons)The pros:First off, the combat. oh boy is it good; The game features really fast-paced reactionary combat, where knowing when your enemy is about to strike, and when to back off is essential. Every hit I landed, parried or took felt clunky, as if it had real physical weight to it and the nearly comedic pixel gore makes it all the more satisfying when you land the final blow on an enemy, or when you snipe them into a bunch of spikes while they're mid-jump; Add to this the really tight platforming and you've got yourself a really easy to learn but slightly hard to master combat system.This fast-paced combat is great, but what's even better is that if you don't know what you're doing, or what's going on in the screen, you WILL be punished; You have to be constantly aware of enemy positioning to know which attacks are inbound so you can avoid damage, which is really hard to heal back up unless you're really lucky.Since difficulty ramps up at a reasonable pace, with enemy types varying as you travel deeper into the caves, you'll have plenty of time to get used to the combat and items before the game gets really intense at the deeper floors, with enemy swarms getting bigger and more diverse.Then, to add to the frantic nature of the game, random human npcs can be seen exploring the caves as you go around. These npcs can fend for themselves, find and pick up items to use in battle, and even heal up when they have the means to!When you stick around these npcs, if you help them finish off enemies or give them an equippable item (or just stand around them, having a nice imaginary conversation for a while), they become friendly, and start following you around going after any enemies they see and finishing them off even before you get the chance to go and aid them sometimes; you can also give them equipment you won't use by dropping it off of your inventory.This is where the fun really begins; I once found myself with a small 6-man raid party, most of them had their own unique items, a few stuck to attacking enemies with their special bows, while others went ham on them and performed every maneuver the player can, with their blades; Some got separated from the group, only to go on their own little killing spree to the side, leaving behind gold and treasure for you to pick up (they can be killed, however, so keep an eye out for them).When we got to a boss (of the 4 that I've seen, every one has really cool mechanics), the extra characters on screen added a level of intensity to the fight (I'm not sure if boss health scales with how many allies you bring in, but that seemed to be the case) and overall I just had a ton of fun cooperating with these ""other players"".Item diversity as of this patch is pretty good, I've done about 20 runs so far and in each one I keep getting different items and blessings (power-ups that only apply to your character during the current run),  and with more of those coming in the future, the combinations and cool item effects pool will only get bigger.None of the perks I have unlocked so far are unbalanced or broken (though I do value explorer and cleric over most, since they start with good items and health) and none seem too weak.The vampire one in particular is pretty cool, it encourages and rewards you for playing the game at a brisk pace, as it should be played, which just adds to the co-op smash brothers feel you can get when your party is large enoughThe cons:When a lot of enemies are on screen, brawling with npcs, I sometimes got lost and couldn't tell which units were friendly or not, which led to many weird deaths.there is no way to tell how much health your allies have, which in a way I understand, as a typical health bar above them, considering how many you can hire, would probably clog the player's screen; perhaps add a limit to how many allies you can have, and make some sort party members list, showing their health and such?I often found my npcs dying just because they constantly try to blindly get to you, which led to them jumping into spikes above which I was standing (on platforms), this is just a really small issue, as npcs who die drop any items you gave them, so it's not crippling to the game or anything, but it would be cool if they were just slightly smarter about avoiding death.Overall, this game is great and has a ton of potential. and once I'm done writing this review I'm heading right back in to play a couple more hours, to see if I can get past floor 5 at last.-Here are a few silly ideas that popper into my head while I was playing the game-The way pots shoot out splinters when you break them made me wish you could use this as a way to damage enemies.It'd be pretty cool if friendly and enemy projectiles could clash and cancel each other out"
,Recommended,452060,25972271,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,BoxHead,"amazing, really fun and a lots of re-playability"
76561198042779467,Recommended,452060,26021187,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Capn Tar,"One of the most addicting games I've ever played.  Brutally difficult at first, but the progression system kept me going.  Now with 50+ hours over the past two weeks, I have to say that the game is incredible.+Great controls+Randomized layouts/drops/enemies each play-through keep the game feeling fresh+Art style is charming and the animations are well made+Particle effects are great, especially ranged combat+Some truly powerful-feeling synergies with many weapons and blessings working together in satisfying concert+Difficult but not unfair+Great subtle character customization-Progression system (minor gripe: since getting through each level feels difficult, being rewarded with a new hat every couple of runs kind of feels unsatisfying)-At time of writing this review the game is unfinished: what is there is great though-(With Early Access in mind:) Needs more enemy variety, more weapons, more varied environments (perhaps more randomization and variety from each level to the next), more magic items, maybe an armor system rather than just more hp-Some class perks seem underpowered while others are too strong (Found myself always picking Cleric, Twofold, and Juggernaut--Sorceror perk kind of works well with certain magic items but feels like it needs more)In summation: This game is incredibly good, very well made, and extremely fun--it just needs a little more variety in all areas, a little more balance between the classes, and just more in general.  Buy it."
76561198013924266,Recommended,452060,26168108,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Killdozer,This is seriously the most fun I've had playing a video game in quite some time.Caveblazers is brilliant fun.
,Recommended,452060,26362900,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kuzkula,"Fun on a bun with a side of ""Um...""No, that didn't rhyme perfectly, but it's close enough.I made a video review and part 1 of a series for this game which I'll link below. For those with short attention spans, here's a TLDR list.+True roguelike elements regarding loot, monsters, platforms, everything+Mellow music, but still keeps a decent enough theme+AI can be hilarious+Play as you want. Mash faces or put holes in em from a distance.+Platforming mechanics done perfectly+Interesting bosses-One song. Only one song for the game. I know, early access and whatnot, but one song. Ooof.-AI can be hilariously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Good item diversity, but they're almost identical in the end-No MP yet, or possibly at all. Couch-co-op should be easy enough.Video ReviewI give it a solid 9/10. Damn fine game, and will update my review as necessary."
76561198183068021,Recommended,452060,26501238,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,轮椅大飙客,"basically a nice game.lack of rewards of killing trashessome bosses are meaninglessly hardgame experience is okay, a little bit pale"
76561198084949813,Recommended,452060,25870910,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,jicknohnson84,"I just have to say I liked this game alot. The controls were fluid, the game play was straightforward, just a an overall solid platformer/rouge experience. That being said I do have a few complaints. I beat the first boss then died on the next level. Ok that happens but I was kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I found out I had to fight that boss again. Also you upgrade so slowly. Most of the time my xp went towards clothes. At one point I did get combat armor and I'm not sure if it did any good or not. In short I had a lot of fun but I can't imagine it's possible to get anywhere in this game."
76561198106131030,Recommended,452060,26435317,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sigma Core,muito bom o jogo
76561198184508275,Recommended,452060,26301840,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SS1GravyBoat,A lot lke risk of rain and a lot of fun like risk of rain
,Recommended,452060,26494584,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Double0seven,What a fantastic game! (especially for early access)Perfect game for when you want to sit back and have some fun. Easy to learn but hard to master. If you enjoy platformers or RPG's you should spend the 5$ on this game ! It's the perfect mix of looting dungeons/platformer jumping and timing.10/10
76561198042782024,Recommended,452060,22802794,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mc Flaytus,"for the longest time i had a negative reply on here, and one day i thought i'd check on this game. they really are upgrading it. thats all i had to say, 10/10 would wait months again"
76561198025477961,Recommended,452060,27650647,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Duke of Wards,Die. Die again. Blame your clumsy butterfingers. Then miraculously get a good run...and die again.10/10 would die again
,Recommended,452060,27041961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,P A Y P A Y  the M A Y M A Y,This game is a super addictive action game.  It's a dungeon crawler but not quite an RPG.  A bit similar to Hero Siege but a side-scroller.  I've really enjoyed it so far and plan to play it a lot more!
,Recommended,452060,27198993,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,30vh1,"Just amazing!A game that you go into it just thinking ""I´m going to play like 5 mins before going to bed"" and you end up playing for hours!Despite being an early access it´s enjoyable and it just keeps updating! Totally worth the money!Just Buy It!pd: It would be nice to see some kind of multiplayer in the future ;)"
,Recommended,452060,27034807,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joe    ∑(っ °Д °;)っ,Amazing game. But limited items. Boss might be too OP. It is really hard to recover health.Waiting for more update
,Recommended,452060,27285846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bear To Bravo,"Cobat so smooth i can see my reflextion in it, Fantastic game"
76561198150432144,Recommended,452060,28416515,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Mad Pussi,"This game is awesome, with some tweaks and additions I really think this could be amazing."
,Recommended,452060,28282502,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,chowsk,"I love this game. I love love love love this game. If you love Spelunky, buy this now."
,Recommended,452060,28282672,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Turnip,> this game is way too easy> *get to first boss*> OMG WTFlove the random rogue like aspectsthe pacing is really funi just wish the difficulty curve was a little smoother
76561198173466865,Recommended,452060,28308656,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RyanLiu,"i really like this game,but hope there is one day i can play online or on a computer with my friend"
,Recommended,452060,28793751,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fearthewhale,"Absolute blast, very fluid."
76561197974782836,Recommended,452060,28798039,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BLOOD,"pretty enjoyable, I kind of feel like the difficulty is too high, or should atleast be more adjustable."
76561198008894196,Recommended,452060,27771964,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Salohcin,"Samuria Gunn meets Spelunky. It's a rouge lite with perma death and also global progess, you unlock more perks as you level up. Really enjoying this game!"
76561198057814643,Recommended,452060,29068286,Posted: 6 January,all,Xanod,I really like this game and especially the potion system. It´s quite hard to beat the floors because every mob is able to kill you if you are too reckless and thats great! It takes some time to learn the names of items and blessings but after some time you get it and  can rush more and read less. For an Early Access Game it really is awesome. 8.5/10
,Recommended,452060,28896214,Posted: 1 January,all,FinalRespawn,"If you're an 70's-80's baby who grew up on rouge like, permadeath and unforgiveable randomly generated games then this is a must have. It's not even done yet and the game is amazing and has so much potential. It's super fun, unlockables, perks, blessings, upgradeable weapons, its a new experience every run. Depending on the items you pick up and blessings you choose and receive you build the best possible character for the run. Best $3 I've spent on Steam. Even at full price this is well worth it. This game deserves the support."
76561197988258527,Recommended,452060,29173003,Posted: 10 January,all,Lid6j86,"Highly recommend this game, let's get that out of the way.  For the cost, this is an absolute steal.  Very addicting and challenging, very fun.  That being said, let me discuss some of the things that annoy me:Top of the list: 8 direction ranged attack.  I would rather see a system with limited arrows but unrestricted aiming (instead of the 8 point directional system they have now) than to have unlimited arrows but can only fire it in 8 directions.  Very annoying, esp. against bats.  Also, this is particularly frustrating when you have something like exploding arrows.  Even with unrestricted directional firing i'd expect to blow myself up often, but this makes it real tough for it to be of much use.NPC's will♥♥♥♥♥♥your loot, feel like there could be a little polish there.Those are really my only complaints right now honestly but the first is a real big complaint.  If only that were fixed I'd be much happier."
,Recommended,452060,30129961,Posted: 23 February,all,Diamond Machine,Can't wait for the full version!
,Recommended,452060,29977214,Posted: 16 February,all,Oscoste,"The mechanics of this game are very enjoyable, specially shooting arrows. Blessings and constant leveling makes it really addictive.But there is a big Con, the game is VERY DIFFICULT, not in a sense of practicing but, health is scarce and everything damages you more than any health regen you can obtain. even potions can take 20 HP from you, and food (which you NEVER find) gives you like 5HP.It´s a really good addictive game, but they really need to take care of that health issue. Spelunky for example, may kill you from one error, but by practicing you can be flawless, but in this game you are going to be receiving damage EVERY SINGLE TIME, even if achieve perfection, eventually you are gonna try a potion which takes 20 HP from you or using a shrine that takes 50HP from you as well.Still good game"
76561198211975383,Recommended,452060,30107036,Posted: 22 February,all,armatura50,"Great game. The controls are fluid, enemies look very much alive and the items and weapons seem to be really well done from what I've seen so far. The only drawback is the inventory system which maps to Back button on the controller and is slow to use compared to the fast pace of the game. Luckily there aren't that many items around.Music and sound effects are very well done. The game has a very good atmosphere. Imagine playing something like Spelunky, but in D&D setting."
,Recommended,452060,24010707,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,混乱 C4stR4g3 混乱,"It'S a really godo game for my thoughts.....but this stuff with the npc player is too heavy i hope it gets a little not much, but a little easier"
,Recommended,452060,29909828,Posted: 13 February,all,spicynoodle88,"To start this review off, I highly recommend this game to any fans of the roguelike genre, or to fans of platformers. Caveblazers is a challenging experience that always feels fair, because the controls are tight and the combat system is highly intuitive. My one gripe is the Jumpers, but otherwise, this game is a beautifully made game filled with different playstyles and runs that never get boring."
76561198265554482,Recommended,452060,29755985,Posted: 6 February,all,Matthew,"Just to be clear these kind of games ARE my kind of games. I purchase modern roguelikes at full price. I don't wait for sales. And upon playing this I had zero desire to refund it. Tight as nails controls, what seemed like a lot of powerups and items. Loot with stats. Everything just feels masterful. I LOVE the risk for rain stat stacking. It makes every game feel fresh.Well, until the major complaint crops up.Content. There's simply not that many skills, not that many enemies, not that many things to combine. It's not terrible, yet it's not something you can have a few hundred runs of and keep running into new combinations. It's a 30 hour game. Not a 200 hour game.For the pricepoint that's fine. Yet it's not ambitious. If the game had twice the content, i'd pay 4 times the current full asking price. And that lowers it to a 8/10 game with 10/10 controls."
76561198042111099,Recommended,452060,28294227,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,zzender1,"This game has much potential, it is fun and quick and random and rogue-like enough for anyone."
,Recommended,452060,32044058,Posted: 29 May,all,Macciavelo,"It's really addicting so far and really challenging. It's a really solid game with good platforming mechanics, upgrade system and potion system."
,Recommended,452060,32033629,Posted: 28 May,all,Stardust,"This is a cute and lovingly crafted rogue-lite. If you are looking for a fun relaxing game to listen to podcasts to or unwind this is perfect. The movement is buttery smooth and the game has a beautiful gameplay flow and each run feels rewarding since there are a ton of unlocks. I also really like the way the enemies are spaced out and you never feel like the game is cheap. I tried a few hours of the game first through ""other"" means and bought it after I saw how well crafted it is. 5/5"
,Recommended,452060,32053684,Posted: 29 May,all,HumanMan42,"It is well worth the $10. If you liked spelunky, you will like this game.The daily runs at a lot of replayability. lots of unlockable and challenges and I assume there will be many more.You never really know what kind of build you will be able to get. Magic/melee/bow. Many ways to customize with rings, magic, swords and bows. dozens of blessings and starting perks.It is really fun."
76561198080951997,Recommended,452060,32053472,Posted: 29 May,all,HijuSama KIll,After completing risk of rain i find this gem. This game is great as long as you can deal with dying. Its got great controls and the comedy is just what i was looking for.
76561198118919284,Recommended,452060,32054858,Posted: 29 May,all,Pablo Freshcobar,Great game but dont play with keyboard unless you want arthritis
76561197995545368,Recommended,452060,32048395,Posted: 29 May,all,Xaos,"I found this one by watching a Yogscast Youtube video. Not too surprising.This is a good fun, challenging Rogue-lite, with plenty to find and collect, and a long dungeon to delve through. There's a few of secrets to find, and don't expect to find them all too quickly. (Unless you look up a guide, you filthy cheater (I'll probably cheat too))There are also a plentiful amount of items to find, not that you get to keep them after dying. Some more useful and powerful than others, but that's just how the die is cast.Only had it a few days, but I already can't stop trying to go deeper..."
76561198258309415,Recommended,452060,31982237,Posted: 26 May,all,FlaminPotato,i mean yea its pretty fun but the game crashes after every time i die and hit restart. also is there any form of blocking or not just mashing x whenever i see an enemy?
,Recommended,452060,31983707,Posted: 26 May,all,Where's my Laundry Sauce,"Honestly a great game, it has difficulty, it has weapon variety, and has some lovely shovel knight features.The only downside is that there's one difficulty with a ""level design"".  Yea there's randomized maps, but it'd be cool to play ""hard"" or ""hardcore"" and have the levels randomized (rather than cave-dungeon-ect it could be random-random-random)"
,Recommended,452060,32006602,Posted: 27 May,all,SecretLars,"All I can say about this is HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is hard, BUT it's still fun non the less. and the ending was good!Allthough once you found the easy pattern you manage to beat the final boss quite easy, I realised the pattern with only 1 HP left and then I PWND his/her♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198113264796,Recommended,452060,22768726,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,A Pedophile Gnome,"Its fun, and if you like rogue-likes, then sure, go buy it. Worth your money.If you hate difficult games, however, I wouldn't go for this. The difficulty is absolutely unforgiving. There's an insane learning curve, too. The difference in skill needed to survive the first 2 levels versus the skill needed to beat the first boss is... just insane. Then it's 2 more levels, another boss, and the difficulty spikes are immense. It's also 100% randomly generated, meaning often times you'll find yourself in a totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t situation with little to no way to get out alive, or without suffering massive losses.I get the game is supposed to be hard, I do. And if you're a masochist, you'll love it. But if you want a game to just casually play and enjoy, honestly? This isn't it. It's cute appearance is a sneaky cover for it's brutal difficulty and unforgiving enemies. It's like 2D dark souls. You do very little damage to enemies and enemies take a good 1/10 out of your health bar with each hit - Even more in later levels. That wouldn't even be too bad if healing existed (It does, but it might as well not, since it's so scarce and potentless).My last gripe is that there's not much that will help you if you're not good at it at the very start. Dying after making ""progress"" (God knows how the game determines progress, it doesn't tell you) will unlock either cosmetics (Which are nice, but still useless), or new ""classes"", which are more like little tweaks to your character you can choose before your next run. But don't be fooled. None of them are straight upgrades. Practically every alteration that's good will come with something bad - Like the ranger perk, which will up your ranged damage but make you attack with a pillow instead of a sword. Or the cleric perk, which lets you heal yourself every 2 millenia for an amount that would make a bandage laugh, all while lowering your max health from 100 to 60 and reducing healing from all sources.I don't mean to bash the game so hard. I just want you to know that this isn't an easy game. By any means. I've been forcing myself to play it for over a year now, normally only after a new update, and I still haven't gotten past the 2nd boss. I think the fun is supposed to come from mastering the combat and health management, and becoming skilled enough to get to the end, but it's hard to want to learn when the game kills you at every possible oppurtunity, often times before you've actually ""learned"" anything.Oh yeah, and no multiplayer. Last time I heard, they weren't even planning on adding it.Final Rating:9/10 if you like physically and emotionally abusing yourself, or like Dark Souls (same thing, right?)7.5/10 if you liked Spelunky or Risk of Rain (although it's more brutal than both combined)3/10 if you just like rogue-likes. I haven't played a rogue-like that's ever been this unforgiving. And you WILL get sick of the level 1 music, very fast. The graphics are charming at first and will stay charming if you like old-fashioned graphics, and there's variety... But once you've seen and done it all, it becomes tedious.Still gonna recommend it though. To me, it feels like a drug that's amazing, but wears off very fast, leaving you craving something stronger. Too bad it can't really give you much more."
,Recommended,452060,32071136,Posted: 30 May,all,Brother Yui Tui,I love it! So fun best way to kill time!
76561198202533629,Recommended,452060,24665516,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Nigeru Faggimus,"Caveblazers is an extremely fun game especially for the price, the bosses aren't to hard, nor to difficult. There is reasonable charater customisation with a massive variety of hats and tops, the perks are interesting and there is a good range of different types of enemies. If you like roguelites, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,452060,32573514,Posted: 19 June,all,[ Rizno . 雨 ],"This game is Spelunky's little brother who finally became old enough to be released on Steam. Amazing replay value, fun randomized levels every time you play and lots of delicious loot and blessings to hunt for. Also there's some really nice boss designs!The only feature I'd consider to be missing would be a 'Save & Exit' button. Having to try and do a complete run in one sitting can feel a little rushed, which leads to mistakes you otherwise wouldn't have made through that run.But overall, I think Caveblazers deserves a solid 9/10 rating. I would love to see some future large-scale updates or DLC for this gem of a rogue-like!"
76561198038334440,Recommended,452060,32049440,Posted: 29 May,all,IsJohnTaken,"Played it once. Didn't think I would play it again. Then, I played it again.10/10. Would play again."
,Recommended,452060,24521218,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,∑∆WaffleGuy∆∑,"at first when I bought this game, I was a little dissappointed because of some of the bugs and glitches but the game was still worth those 5 hard earned dollars. Now, after the boss update and stuff, it became a great, well designed smooth gameplay experience. I am very pleased with the direction the game is heading in and I am eager to see what else Rupeck comes up with.Recent edit: the orcs made this game so much better. Before, the AI could turn on you so it was better to stay away from them. Now, with a defining line between friends and fiends, it is a lot more fun to play with the AI with no uncertainty on whether or not they will just turn on you.Update: the new update is very well designed and added so many things.-The sword arc being buffed makes sword classes a lot more viable. projectile loadout is still very good tho. I've yet to focus on a magic loadout.-I did prefer the friendly characters being as common as they were before but I'll live with it.-I love the new weapons added. I have only found a few but so far they are very unique and fun to use-This game has awesome developpers who pay close attention to the community.It is great to see this very buggy game turn into such a work of art.10/10 would die again and again and again and again and again and again"
,Recommended,452060,32148547,Posted: 3 June,all,MrAffen,"Solid rogue-like which combines elements from classics such as Spelunky, Risk of Rain etc with a sprinkling of boss rushes. Made all the better for being little more than a fiver."
,Recommended,452060,32168025,Posted: 3 June,all,twitchtv disasterexe,"I've only played this game 1.5 hours and I can tell I'll like it. It definitely plays like Risk of Rain, and it looks a little bit like Spelunky, both games I've played for countless hours. I can see myself becoming addicted to this one."
76561198069989159,Recommended,452060,32175055,Posted: 4 June,all,Fartoo,"Solid game.  If you love spelunky , isaac and meat boy.  You'll dig this."
,Recommended,452060,32156369,Posted: 3 June,all,Senior Tartini,"An insanely fun roguelike game. Hardcore gamers will appreciate this gem, although I did too, and I am not one. You start clean each time, without any items or blessings, save for those provided by perks, which are basically classes unlocked by xp earned in each run, which is the only sense of progression this game seems to have, along with a poor storyline that I haven't got to the bottom of yet. The enemies are unforgiving if you aren't careful, but you eventually get the hang of it and end up with a balanced difficulty level that is not too easy nor too hard.Each biome harbours its own mobs, and possibly some of the next one, and consists of 3 levels ; the first, the approach to the next area, and a boss fight, after which the pattern begins anew. It is very satisfying to discover and defeat new bosses (there are about 9 of them, I believe) and reach new depths of the dungeon before you die and start over. Feel frustrated? You can just quit and come back later. I only have 23 hours in this but I'll totally keep playing this. Oh, it also has achievements (called challenges in game) that unlock new items and blessings to be unlocked in game."
,Recommended,452060,32012995,Posted: 27 May,all,Nikitos,"Very smooth combat mechanics with a satisfying progression system. Even the very early levels are intense and enjoyable as enemies pose a real threat and require your full attention to defeat. Reminds me of Risk of Rain but with good combat mechanics and Terraria with its moderately large but diverse number of swords, bows, guns, maces, rings, and consumables.   The bossfights are alos both challenging and unique, however some moves seem to be undodgeable and definetly make the game unfairly difficult sometimes. Combat with regular enemies is fair but harsh, appropriate for a rogue-lite. Customization is fantastic with a variety of options but I can't seem to find the option to change skin colour, which is sad as I think my white privellage makes this game to easy for me.This game is currently without multiplayer, however they say that it will be out within a month. The game however is still very much worth the $10 in its current state.Things I can nitpick about:-no multiplayer on release (said to be released within a month)-weapon types sometimes repetitive (many bows and swords have the same mechanical functions with simply different stats) with a few exceptions-rings simply modify statsOverall for $10 I think this game better than Risk of Rain in most ways.5/5 harambes i miss you"
,Recommended,452060,32829288,Posted: 26 June,all,Poob!,"Game has tight controls, lots of unlocks, randomized yada yada, plenty of item and weapon combos along with some pretty interesting perks to get (and some not so interesting). Game will murder you on a moments notice. Enemies reaction times are fast. Character costume is customizable which is fun.Fun to play, but some blessings are near useless, and will essentially turn into throwaway runs. Same for bosses, some are pretty well rounded, others are nigh impossible. Game is very enjoyable, but I feel like the overall difficulty is too high. I have a sneaking suspicion ill have moved on to another game long before I get good enough to beat this one(but thats on me, isn't it).Anyone knows how to beat that damn cube reliably drop me a message, cause I can ace the others but that one just murders me. Do I need a crystal skull for him?"
,Recommended,452060,31287077,Posted: 21 April,all,jjoeyay,"The primary game is somewhat short in its current state, but there are promises of growth, and it's still plenty fun enough as far along in development as it is."
,Recommended,452060,22889145,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mr Fahrenheit,"Sporting tight controls, a large selection of items and abilities, and plenty of enemies to kill, this game is a very enjoyable experience. With each level being randomly generated, you will never have the same experience twice. All of this variety and the low price of $5 (April 2017) make Caveblazers an easy choice for those who are a fan of rougelike action platformers."
76561198045142030,Recommended,452060,33640906,Posted: 18 July,all,megachubbles,"I can honestly say that this is the most difficult helmet simulator I have ever played.In all seriousness, the best way to describe this game would be to relate it to the slick controls of super meat fest and the difficulty of mindfully platforming in Spelunky.If you like roguelikes, you owe it to yourself to buy this game. I feel that most criticisms of this game are that of the roguelike genre in a broad sense. Roughly speaking, the story aspect for these types of games is not going to be developed; mastery of this genre is a balance of story, permadeath, motivation, and addiction. Given these constraints, I feel that Caveblazers accomplishes these aspects that make a rogue like very enjoyable.My personal favorite combination is Caveblazers + Jordan B. Peterson lectures. Would recommend this combo to all :)"
76561198024996122,Recommended,452060,33642849,Posted: 18 July,all,Torgoth,If you enjoy rogue-likes (especially Spelunky or BoI) you'll enjoy Caveblazers. It's challenging without seeming unfair and my deaths never had me rage quitting. The controls take a few games to get used to but soon you'll feel at home with them. Great game to kill some hours with.
,Recommended,452060,33797289,Posted: 25 July,all,Rattulator,"Excellent game, very reminiscient of spelunky, but less harsh in its punishments and with a far wider item/pickup set."
,Recommended,452060,33844810,Posted: 27 July,all,MooseHowl,"Keyboard controls work great, and can be fully rebound to whatever is comfortable. A+Also, fun game. See elsewhere for details."
76561198254334324,Recommended,452060,34021431,Posted: 4 August,all,Starlord_80,"I've never been a fan of rogue-like dungeons, but I can't seem to put this one down. This game is hard, often brutally so, but you always feel like you could have made it *just* a little farther, and it keeps you coming back for more. I tend to make 2-3 runs when I play, which usually takes about an hour or so (longer if you're doing well), so this game is good for shorter gaming sessions when you might not have that long. If you like a challenge, you'll enjoy this one."
76561198239138540,Recommended,452060,34117081,Posted: 8 August,all,Yusky,"the game itself and the boss's are awesome but the keyboard set up that is the worst. you cant use a mouse which isnt a bad thing but it was hard for me to get over the fact that the controls for the keyboard were so bad, definately use a controller"
76561198209116657,Recommended,452060,34114250,Posted: 8 August,all,Kill Switch,"Super Addicting. The learning curve is real. The first few levels get easier the more you play, then you get stuck on the next few levels. Awesome in general"
,Recommended,452060,34133711,Posted: 9 August,all,m0rvin_J,I would just say simply AMAZING !
,Recommended,452060,34538462,Posted: 27 August,all,Filwill,This is basically a better version of Spelunky.  The controls are tighter and more satisfying and the additional depth is very welcome.
76561197993616665,Recommended,452060,34522496,Posted: 26 August,all,Aaron537,"I paused at a moment around 5 hours into this game, dressed as Purple Elvis. And took several attempts at writing this review. The fact that I put so much effort in should really be the only recommendation anyone who bothered to read this needs. Truly some of the best pixel art and game design I've ever seen. Cannot congratulate this team enough on what they've made."
,Recommended,452060,34195068,Posted: 12 August,all,blokkemblokkem,"Originally I reviewed the game as negative (that review is below still), but I changed it to positive because the game is actually really good.  I still keep my viewpoint on the facts surrounding my negative review, but the artificial challenge that is created by forced movement can be dealt with by modifying your gameplay.  It shouldn't be that way, but it is what it is.I changed to positive because after you get past the forced movement problems, the game has a difficulty curve that allows a persistent player to see advancing progression.  In that regard, its similar to other games of this genre that you can see noticeable inprovement in your gameplay as you put more hours in.  Starting over after deaths isn't an unenjoyable process because of the randomized caves.I do wish that there were a better UI since having to go into your inventory to switch useable items isn't a great model.  Also wish there were a way to hot-swap weapons.  Both of these points are minor things, but would be great quality of life improvements, especially during battle when opening inventory is not an option (unless you want to die).My old review (which still holds true in my opinion):This is a game I want to enjoy.  Everything about it is what I look for in a perma-death game EXCEPT the fact that you move when you attack.  It's not so much the movement that is the problem, but rather, the fact that because you move, it often places the enemies on the other side of your attack which opens you up to unavoidable damage.  Coupled with the fact that enemies dont seem to experience the same problem, it's (I believe) a mechanic that I have to believe isn't intended.  The enemies are already much faster and bounce around the screen so taking a tactical approach is mandatory for quite a few of them.  Even when on a successful approach with engaging the enemies, this mechanic negates it all.  (If it is intended, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and just another game developer adding artificial difficulty for the sake of fabricating difficulty via janky mechanics rather than gameplay challenge.)The game could be so fun and if something is done to fix this mechanic, then this review immediately changes to positive."
,Recommended,452060,34723606,Posted: 3 September,all,Myahster,This game is a ton of fun.
76561198059798596,Recommended,452060,34964257,Posted: 14 September,all,Salted Caramel Fox,"Fun and addictive with a lot more depth than you would expect, defininitly worth the asking price. It's a punishing game, which is why it's good that the controles are tight and focused with good mechanics, it's difficult, but possible to complete, so gold star for that. I eagerly look forward to more content coming out.However this game is purely luck-based and you need to get a bunch of stat upgrades if you don't practice Caveblazers  with the same degree of precision required in open heart surgery. If you see a blessing of looting, get it, the drop rates in this game are buggered and you'll be more likely to find a gravediggers spade with which to dig your own grave on the later levels than some actual healing items or helpful potions, it really should be a base mechanic and not a blessing.Recomendations to the devs; please remove the Hex potion that permanently makes you take 10% more damage from everything. Every other potion can be countered by drinking one with it's positive counterpart which makes them balanced, the Hex potion just straight up molests you and has killed every single run where I've been unlucky enough to get it, no matter how good it was looking up until that point.Furthermore, ranged knockback needs a rework as it is the only stat that actively hinders your progress. The Moon Jelly boss won't do the only attack that makes it vulnerable and in all other cases the monster your trying to shoot gets knocked out of the way of your other arrows whereapon they will then come and show you what they think of the little splinters you've been firing. And best of all, if you have piercing and/or ricochet blessings, then 9 times out of 10 you'll be knocking the enemies you're trying to kill from the next own over directly to your front doorstep."
76561197990705052,Recommended,452060,34996622,Posted: 16 September,all,Mace GP,"Listen to me now, and thank me later:""Buy this Game.""If you enjoy side scrolling, rougelike, retro, tight controlls, unlockiables, varried playstyles, random loot, difficult but possible  progression, and fun; this is a game that will dominante your Steam library.Closest I can equate it to is Risk of Rain and Vagante, without the pressure of a clock or invisible death, respectively.Once you start learning the various powers of weapons and items, you will forever searching for that ""ultimate build"" for your character, and will be rewarded with a sense of power, or a new way of playing the game, and then death.  All in about 20 mins.The fact that the developers are working on local co-op, means this game will approach perfection."
76561198061999006,Not Recommended,452060,34066271,Posted: 6 August,all,Temujin,"This game is great.  It's taken much from Risk of Rain and put it into a new, fresh environment, with some neat additions.  I definitely recommend this game to everyone - I just wish it had an online co-op mode.===After months of owning the game, and beating it several times and unlocking most of the game's items, I have to change my review:  Do not recommend.This game is a lot of fun when you first start playing it, it's great actually, I really loved this game at first, IT STILL DOESN'T HAVE CO OP, though.  *The more you play the game, the more junk and crap perks and items you unlock, and then you can ALMOST NEVER find anything you actually want.  Every single play through, junk items, junk perks.  Maybe I might get lucky in one play through and get a perk I want, or maybe a sword I want, but I'll almost never get that same sword twice, to be able to upgrade it.The game's system of upgrading items is neat: Collect 2 of the same exact item and place them on the altar to make a 'super' version of that weapon.  When theres 5000 weapons that can potentially drop from every drop chance, your chances of getting 2 of the same kind of weapon in a single run are nil.  Just forget the Altars even exist.If there were a way for me to delete my entire progress of this game and just start over from the very beginning, I could maybe enjoy playing it again.  But now it just pisses me off.  Cannot recommend.  If there were a way to remove perks/weapons from the drop pool, then I could enjoy it again.  But I see that this game is going for the whole 'RNG' thing.  So it is working as intended....  to frustrate you to no end, to make you hate it."
76561198060384351,Recommended,452060,35427710,Posted: 2 October,all,Bob the Skeleton,"The game is fun and challenging enough to keep you coming back. The daily runs are fun and break up the normal gameplay. Leveling up is fast and gives you cosmetic rewards. The challenges give you more blessings, items, and weapons to use. And the bosses are fun if not just a tad predictable. If you want a solid dungeon running game with plenty of replay value I'd suggest picking this up."
,Recommended,452060,35476629,Posted: 4 October,all,sebastiangutierrezmartinez0109,PRETTY FUNY TO PASS THE TIME
