user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,452440,25034631,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,max,"This game is gay, all of thegirls are gay, I'm gay.And I'm crying.I've been waiting three years for a beautiful yuri visual novel, and THIS is it, right here.There are literal tears in my eyes. They're all so cute and I'm so gay.Please help me."
,Recommended,452440,24989477,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Linger,"Flowers is probably my favorite VN released on steam. At first glance, the story is expected to be full of yuri elements, but the game actually requires some thoughts that you have to gather evidence making the right and reasonable choice to push the plot further. I would say most of the acclaimed Japanese VNs kind of ruin your enjoyment by the Japanese-style English, however, the translation quality of Flowers is far beyond my expectation, tho some minor changes would make the lines even more lucid. With all the wonderful cast and fitting soundtrack, I definitely recommend this game, especially to the fans of Innocent Grey."
,Recommended,452440,25006875,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Rhamesy,"Bought the game I love it and the art and the seiyuus, the decision making was nerve wracking but I loved it never the less and if STEAM decides to bring the other games:FLOWERS - Le volume sur été -FLOWERS - Le volume sur automne -FLOWERS - Le volume sur hiver - (japanese realese 2017)I'll definitely buy them"
,Recommended,452440,24981276,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,OldLlama,"Imagine if you took Kara no Shoujo, took out all the murder, and then added lots of yuri"
,Recommended,452440,24983152,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,133 221 333 123 111,"I'm pretty early on in the game, but I would like to say that I would recommend at least giving the game a try! I love the game so far. The art, voice acting, and music are wonderful. The art is especially gorgeous. I was worried about the translation quality when purchasing this game after playing the demo. Now that I've played the full version for a bit, I think the translation is pretty good. The sentences are clear and the prose is very much English rather than Japanese, unlike in the demo. I found one typo where an apostrophe was replaced with an ""f,"" but it really didnft break the flow too much for me. My mind sort of corrected it as I was reading. I'm sure JAST will fix it soon with a patch.I would highly recommend the game to all yuri fans!For everyone else, it's worth a try! You might be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,452440,32102638,Posted: 1 June,all,Daybreak,"Flowers - Le volume sur printemps- is a beautiful coming of age, yuri Visual Novel, the first part of four part series, with each one covering the span of a season. The target audience is, ideally, teenagers overall, or adults interested in teenagers, though the game occasionally employs epigraphs in the interludes between the chapters to give the occasional average older person an additional layer to reflect upon, the full meaning of which may be lost to the young. The story starts as the protagonist Souh Shirahane begins at her new all girls boarding school: Saint Angraecum Academy, a Christian isolated school located in the middle of a forest.The fourteen year old protagonist suffers from rather severe social anxiety, in other words she is irrationally shy by the normal standard, as a result of, primarily, her mother dying when she was young. On the other hand she's a beautiful talented young girl--who is fond of reading books and watching movies--even if she has irrationally low self-esteem. She is maimed like Kierkegaard or Nietzsche to some extent. Regardless, new hope looms on the horizon as Souh begins at her new school determined to try and embrace life fully once more and hopefully find new friends and try to live a ""normal"" life.The choices are overall well woven into the pacing of the narrative though on some occasions I thought there was insufficient information given to the reader to make the choice meaningful, either resulting in the feeling of being railroaded or that the two choices just was there for sake of having different paths in the game. Nor can I can say I was a fan of the investigation sequences, while it made sense that the protagonist would know the relevant information, the reader most likely won't know what she does, in other words having read what she has etc.. Regardless the lovely music,  CGs, voice acting and story had me intrigued enough to have me look forward to the translation of the next installment."
76561198097727278,Recommended,452440,32223966,Posted: 6 June,all,Azure,"Flowers -Le volume sur printemps-  is a yuri visual novel  developed by Innocent Grey and published on Steam  by JAST USA. However, Flowers stands out on its own. Set in a Victorian-esque school in Japan, it warms your heart to see the characters grow. You see them learn. You see them falter. You see them practice. Most of all, you see them interact. the game truly shines through its music, artwork, and story development.Music:The music is absolutely amazing. It was very relaxing and had a very chill tone to it. The piano was uplifting at times and, at other times, downright depressing. It was very fitting.Artwork:It just shines. . Flowers is the type of visual novel that the artwork attracted me first. I had no idea what kind of story this game had other than it was a yuri (Girl x Girl) visual novel. The British-inspired backgrounds really made the game feel like was outside of Japan and the pretty-looking sprites gave my eyes plenty of treats. The CGs also pack a punch.Story Development:I may have come for the art, but I definitely stuck around for the story. A brilliant story of how a recluse decides to change herself for the better becomes even better once the element of emotion was added to the story. Flowers is the story of Suoh Shirahane . As a person who rarely attended public school and was home-schooled for most of her life, she is sheltered and  in her own corner of her mind. With the help of the school’s special Amitié system (Friendship System), she tries to change herself to be more outgoing and less of a shut-in. However, that is not as easy as one would think. The story also does not take this lightly and properly explores the reason she is how she is. Not only that, but it also explores the lives of the other characters and their developments through the game. The story definitely left a good impact on me.I also very much enjoyed how the game had an intellectual factor. The “quick-time events” where Suoh needed to know certain info in order to progress was actually fun and had me looking up info to things I was culturally oblivious to before. refreshing for a visual novel to expand my knowledge and Flowers certainly did that for me.With all that said, mind you, the game does have its flaws. For one, it is absolutely riddled with grammar and editing mistakes. Sometimes, it was obvious; sometimes, not so obvious. For the most part, though, the reading was solid.Pros:great artworkUnabashed storytellingRelaxing SoundtrackIntellectual engagementCons:Riddled with grammar/spelling errorsFullscreen can be temperamentalVoices can be unbalanced at times.I highly recommend Flowers -Le volume sur printemps- very much. It’s intellectually gripping at times, comical at others, and an overall, very good read. I had fun with its mysteries, learning, and storytelling. Even with the apparent flaws, the game is actually fun and lovingly crafted.Also yuri  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)This novel gets a solid 8/10 for me"
,Recommended,452440,25167800,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lysis,"I decided to make this game my first yuri visual novel, and I am glad to say that it has not left me disappointed. This game is about 20 hours long if you don't use a guide and if you skip shared content between the routes.Likely the largest make-or-break points for a visual novel is its localisation. JAST has reasonably good track record, as they also had Steins;Gate localised, and that game's localisation turned out very well. They have done a reasonably good job on this one, with very few points where I would disagree with how they've translated it, and very infrequent typos and formatting errors. If I could say something, it was how the additional content unlocked upon completely clearing the game was handled. The comic was localised in Comic Sans (with typos and poor wording aplenty) and the VA comments are not subbed (kinda annoying because I was interested in what they had to say). They also have this weird pechant for having inconsistent writing of names. 'Rikka' is written a couple times sas 'Rika' and 'Dalia' is written as 'Daliah' in the portrait (so on the same screen). Not big things, sorta annoying but you get over it fast.Next is the art (of course), which is very nice. Watercolour-esque character portraits, with a range of expressions. These are nice, but the contrast is a bit low so they appear very bright in night scenes. There are an average number of CGs scattered across the game, sharing the nice watercolour style. Again, a small complaint is that the backgrounds, while still beautifully done, don't really fit the style of the (IMO) beautiful portraits.There are multiple routes in this gametwo to be exactand this is controlled by a reasonably unique system. If I could sort of explain it, it would be somewhat like Mass Effect, with different 'tones' of responseseach linking to progression with one character.You can tell which one you've picked by the little jingle that plays after you make a plot selection which causes a change in the flower in the bottom right corner, which changes the plot depending on its status. This has good and bad points. The good points is that you know which way you're leading the path, but the bad point is thatyou have to be at one extreme to get the good endings on both routesand so you're obliged to keep restarting from the last choice to pick the one you wantand you can probably only afford about 5 wrong choices if you want that good ending.With these points in mind, the story is sorta linear and you don't get anything / you can't jump between routes.Well time for a spoiler block as I speak about the plot, no real plot spoilers but gameplay and theme spoilersso the game is basically split into two paths, which are basically identical apart from a few scenes and their endings. As I said before, you are obliged to keep restarting and focus on one jingle or another to get one of the two endings. I enjoyed the plot, it is mainly slice of life, but has some mystery and deep and prevalent romantic undertones running throughout.I found the story very balanced and varied throughout the 20-ish hours I played the game.Throughout the game, there is a mystery solving process that happens in multiple chapters, increasing in complexity as the story progresses. These are done in a 'thinking' section where you are usually asked 3 questions, each with 3-4 options. The idea is that you can think back to the events of that chapter in question and spot the important clues for the case you are solving. You are obliged to select all the  correct answers and solve the case to continueelse you are dumped unceremoniously into a bad ending.Some people claim that with careful reading and detective work, these are logical. I disagree wholeheartedly. I feel that these are dodgy reverse Cluedo, where you only get the clues and information that you'd have needed to solve the case AFTER you make the correct selections in the 'thinking' section that requires them! There's lots of points where there is the most obscure trivia that you'd have needed to know, and one point, where they ask you for a real life statistic which if you use the exact wording they ask for, will not accept the RL answerWhat I'm trying to say is that America has the highest number of Christians in the world. Italy only has the highest percentage of the population as Catholic, something COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM WHAT THEY ASKED. In the end these sections turn into a brute force attempt as you keep reloading and inputting sequential results to beat the completely stacked odds against you to concoct some stupid conspiracy like story of events that happened. Fortunately, there's only 4-5 of these in the game. I like the mystery element, but these sections are annoying.Overall, this is a pretty damn good game. It's definitely worth your money at sale price. Conclusion, plot's good, art's good, gameplay's unique but that mystery element is linking random plots together in a conspiracy theory levels of logic."
76561198310961741,Recommended,452440,25007188,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,lastcityzero,"A very good yuri VN that requires the player to be observant and apply some detective skills. One of my favourite things is the score, especially the piano-driven tracks that play at certain times. It compliments the art style so well too.The characters are also well written and (for the most part) likeable. The protagonist is quite timid, but she's clever and empathetic. I never really found her behavior frustrating. The romance scenes take some work to get to, but they're very nice.If I had to give some complaints, there's still a few typos and errors in the translation at the time I'm writing this. Also, some of the choices don't make a whole lot of sense. For example, choosing option 1 at a certain point might improve the relationship potential for character A, despite there being no logical reason why it's relevant at all.Another thing people may not initially realise - this is actually just part 1 of a 4 game series. The game still follows it's own dramatic arc, but the ending doesn't come with total closure."
76561198115247277,Recommended,452440,28304039,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ruise,"I would recommend this novel without hesitation, but I wouldn't HIGHLY recommend it. Since it's the first part of 4, and who knows when the next part will be translated, the ""true"" ending is...yeesh. A bit painful. Furthermore, all of the characters are absolutely AWESOME, but the many characters you can't date are far MORE awesome, AND you interact FAR MORE with them than the 2 actual love interests! Like, there's nothing wrong with Rikka and Mayuri, I like 'em, but who would date them if you could date Erika, Yatsuhiro, Ichigo or Ringo!? Probably only like 5 people. The trouble is, 2 of those characters are the protagonists in subsequent games, and it's all one storyline...To summarize, Erika number one best girl, why cannot date?"
,Recommended,452440,31104323,Posted: 12 April,all,YuriSeagull,IT'S YURI GAMEBUY IT RIGHT NOW
,Recommended,452440,28648568,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Khimer,Forget all your troubles and dive into yuri (not on ice)
,Recommended,452440,32967278,Posted: 28 June,all,CIA_Spook,"I would like to talk about why this visual novel made its way as my favorite yuri visual novel on steam.The music and the art.Both are top tier, and comparing that to other visual novels on steam, It beats out most of them. The music compared to Kindred Spirts this one is less poppy and more piano sounds, which is also how I would compare the two art styles. But the music matches the art which matches the story. I feel like even though you don’t need good art to make a good VN (higurashi),having good art for avisual novelcan do nothing but help. Plus the art matches the setting of the story,which is a catholic boarding school. So you would expect higher quality to potray this type of setting.The storytakes place in one “season”, spring, and a girl, Souh, with social anxiety who attends a catholic boarding school is the main character. At first I thought this was just a Yuri story but I guess this is also a mystery game. In the story sometimes, something bad happens and it doesn't seem right, so Souh has to solve it. You are taken to a different screen where you have to guess,from a series of choices how the situation really happened and solve the mystery. If you choice the wrong choose when trying to solve the mystery you get a bad ending. I am not sure how I feel about these mysteries I found them a little boring as I was focusing on the main plot and the mysteries felt distracting to me. Also a lot of the ways you solve the mysteries you have to know from knowledge you would know from outside the game. So it might be trial and error or look at a guide to get it right.Although I found the mysteries distracting they did introduce characters or ideas that's you must use to solve the biggest mystery of the game…The main story,which is a yuri story. When I first went into flowers I thought this was going to be class s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Class S meaning basically romantic friendship between two high school girls which everyone tolerates because after graduation you get married. But I felt like this game used Class S concepts really well. There is a clear distinction between class S type feelings in the game and which is tolerated, and the real fact of two girls that love each other. Two girls clearly say they love each other andimplied sex in the libraryAnd this concept is important because it might be a reason to the biggest mystery of the game.Yes this game ends on a cliffhanger and you have to figure out why? Sadly you probably have to wait for translation.Cons:Some translation issues and typos. I think two sentences is not translated in the game. Also sometimes the music sputters in the main menu but by actually going in the game this problem stops.Some “mysteries” were boring to me but maybe you would find them more interesting.You have to play the true route before the other one.（bummer to me because I like to play routes that I don't care about first..）Price: 19.99Since this isn’t a full VN and ends with a mystery, and since it is really well done then yes the price is worth it. Full VNs usually cost 30-40 dollars on steam. There is other VNs in the visual novel tag that is around the same price or more that are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥in terms of art so if you are looking for a good romance VN with drama put your money in this.NOTE:There are two other games ,Summer, and Autumn, the third and last comes out in Nippon in August. Who knows when the other games are released in english.MAKE SURE TO PLAY THE OTHER ROUTE, THE OTHER ROUTE IS IMPORTANT TO SOLVE THE MYSTERY!Overall:Great art+Musicmain story good: real love between girlsbest yuri game on steam it beats kindred spirits(Art) and nurse love addiction (..plot) IMOworth the price. Remember most VNs are 40+ dollar, only ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones are less.. this one isn't even a full VN. 19.99 is fine.Thank you for reading I really enjoyed this visual novel and I hope you read this  百合 VN on steam.UPDATEJAST said they will release Summer inwinterstart learning Moon"
76561197983611285,Recommended,452440,25004847,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,IronWarrior,"Update:I now completed the game, took me 33 hours and I loved every minute of it.The story line had me hooked from the beginning. I fell in love with the characters and their lives in the school.The artwork is exquisite, full of rich colours with a classical style. The music is full of emotion and joy but yet simple.The seiyuu, voice actors are world class, especially the main character Shirahane Suou, voiced by Nazuka Kaori.The characters as the story went further on grow a little, you can see the changes in their actions.Few points about the game, the first time you play, you are forced to do the Mayuri-chans route, once you finish that, you can replay and start Rikka-chan. There is many endings, but only one good ending.The entire Flower series is broken into four games and while each game is complete in itself, they are connected, let's hope they come to Steam in the next year.There are many VN's out there but few as rich as this one, it's totally worth the price, I was shocked that it wasn't more expensive like others, but very happy otherwise I wouldn't had been able to enjoy the game and support the developers for this star of a game."
,Recommended,452440,28773201,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cinni-chan,I cherish her name as i call back to her...
,Recommended,452440,25972915,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nicole,"This game is simply beautiful. The art style and soundtrack are stunning, and the characters and storyline are wonderful. The voice acting is great too, so there really isn't an aspect of this VN that is lacking. It has a lovely, whimsical feel to it that I haven't felt in any other VN, and is the only one that has made me both laugh and cry.Would love to see the sequels get released on Steam. I will definitely be buying them!"
76561198201182113,Recommended,452440,25409666,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,yuribot1000,"This game is beautiful, the CGs probably are the best I've seen in all the VNs I play. The music is so endearing and calming I find myself leaving the game on while doing other stuff just for them soundtracks. I also like how the choices you make in this game don't affect your affinity with any of the two girls(Mayuri and Rikka) but rather help build Suoh character for certain events(ending) to happen. The game do have puzzles that require detective skills, first two puzzles are difficult if you are not Japanese so I have to google them but the last 2 are feasible and I have fun solving them.The characters may appear to be your generic anime girl but the game gives them enough character trait that distinguishes them from regular trope. Out of the two routes, I find Mayuri to be the better one because it seems more positive and natural considering Suoh's purpose for entering the academy.If I have any complaints for this VN is that there are some visible grammar and spelling error that had me confuse but they don't appear often enough to ruin my enjoyment. Some of the Rikka vs Mayuri choices don't make alot of sense to me. Also when you replay the game for Rikka, there aren't a whole lot of new contents since the 2 routes are very identical but I do appreciate the extra scenes with the side characters in this route.If you are looking for a good yuri VN or just some angsty highschool drama, I recommend buying this. The price tag seems to be steep considering all you do is click and read but trust me the artwork and soundtrack make it worth every cent."
,Recommended,452440,25165833,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Det,Miki Sugina's as Illustrator + MANYO as composer = G O D L I K E
,Recommended,452440,25783236,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Wüstenfuchs,"Great visual novel, definitely for those who enjoy visual novels, and yuri.Art and music are also superb, and it's completely voiced, a definite must-buy for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,452440,26415383,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kiryu,"So, here it is, the most anticipated Yuri Visual Novel developed by Innocent Grey is finally on steam, Flowers -Le volume sur printemps- .I finished the game several days ago, before we get into the review, you might also want to skip the entire review and read the pros and cons at the end of the review... just in case you guys can't understand my english.Alright let's not prolong my boring chat and go straight to review shall we?CHANGELOG :4 Nov, 2016 - First time Posted24 Nov, 2016 - Error Check29 Jan, 2017 - 100% Completion (Both Route finished)==========================================Story : 9/10==========================================Flowers -Le volume sur printemps- or Flowers -The volume of Spring- is an School Romance/Yuri Visual Novel where the reader will experience the love story of Suoh Shirahane (A girl with stunning beauty but also an quiet, anxious, timid girl) in a Japanese Catholic School.Story Presentation in Flowers is in Episodic Format or separated into few Chapter, there's 8 Chapter total (7 in non-canon route) where most of the chapter focused on character getting themself into certain conflict and there's minigame where you need to solve those conflict.The Story is well written each chapter where the character build their romance through action bit by bit not because the director said so, not only that but this Visual Novel also have good melodrama inside, so expect the feels train.Now let's talk about the route, there's 2 route/heroine to choose one canon/Mayuri Kousaka and one non-canon/Hanabishi Rikka, remember how Suoh personalities i mention earlier? quiet, anxious, timid girl, the route you choose will determine Suoh personalities in the future, if you choose canon route Suoh will be more confident person meanwhile in non-canon route, Suoh will remain... well, same as before.I already finish both route. First, here's my though about the canon route, it's amazing but ended with ""disapointment"" and the chapter 7 is kinda dumb, it feel forced to resolve the conflict at that time.Meanwhile, the non-canon route is also ended up disappointing, why? because the story went down same as the canon route, the only differences is there's 5-6 new scene that doesn't really matter or significant with the heroine you pick in non-canon route/Rikka Hanabishi, if you're expecting her route to be fully written chapter only for Rikka, then guess what, you didn't get what you want.Character : 10/10==========================================Now here's the first good part of the character in this Visual Novel, This visual novel introduce you Suoh Shirahane as the main character alongside the two main heroine and several side character, with the small cast character the writer could use every character potetial to maximum and yeah they manage to do that, every character is well written and developed really well include the side character, they feel realistic (not plot-device and not ""2D character in term of story), you never knew what stuff they going to pull, everyone is unexpected in this Visual Novel. That's what the make the character here realistic and interesting, you also might find the character is annoying/un-likeable but that's what make the character them a good character.==========================================Art/Grapich : 10/10==========================================Second good part of the visual novel, The artstyle is gorgeous (thanks Sugina Miki), the character sprites is amazing, the CG is beautiful and temptingThere's a lot of Visual Novel where you fap to H-Scene or Character, however this one... you can fap to it's artstyle.==========================================Music/Sound : 10/10==========================================Third good part of this Visual Novel.You love piano? then you'll love the soundtrack in this Visual NovelToo bad they didn't sell the OST as DLC :(==========================================Enjoyment : 10/10==========================================I really enjoy this Visual Novel, Great Story, Solid Character, Amazing Art, Beautiful and Calming SoundtrackWhat else not to enjoy?==========================================CONCLUSION==========================================+ Great Story+ Each Character is developed really well, include the side character+ Likeable and Interesting Character+ Melodrama+ Stunning Artstyle+ Beautiful Soundtrack+ Rikka Hanabishi- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Minigame- Non-canon route is locked, you need to finish the game on canon route first before unlocking it- Sequel is not yet releasedI recommended this Visual Novel, doesn't matter you love Yuri or not, you have to read it.What are you waiting for, READ IT!!I hope JAST USA release the sequel ASAP*I've finish both route, now what i need to do is fixing grammar error and make it more easier to understand."
76561198080439653,Recommended,452440,31578014,Posted: 6 May,all,Jerp,Yuri is best!
76561198148078993,Recommended,452440,25031571,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Young Lady,"I've just started to play this game, but can't resist to say what a positive surprise it is. The art is quality work including the music. The girls are so cute I feel the urge to grab a pencil and start sketching them on a piece of paper. I'm very touched by this game and recommend it to anyone who's into manga/anime - or just simply wanna have a break from shooting/slashing/chainsawing demons :)"
,Recommended,452440,25478701,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Nerd Panda,"I loved every single aspect of this game.The music is amazing, the background, the characters, the choices and i loved the stab on my heart when i did one of the GOOD endings.10/10"
76561198051253452,Recommended,452440,29037881,Posted: 5 January,all,Eliosia,"This game totally surprised me. I didn't think it would be as good as it was, but it blew me away. The story is IMMENSE. I'm a very fast reader, and it took me forever to get through it all. The characters are dynamic and changing and really adorable. The themes are poignant and powerful, and you just want to hug the protagonist and protect her. I really recommend it. Despite the fact that there are only two romance options, there are a lot of endings and interesting things to come across along the way. It's visually stunning, and the music is beautiful if that helps at all. Definitely give it a shot."
,Recommended,452440,30931603,Posted: 3 April,all,Dick Biscuit,"By far one of the best visual novels I've ever purchased, and I have too many to count at this point.The translation to English was smooth (albeit there are some errors, but those are unavoidable), the art work was beautiful, the music was well done, and the story flowed well. I believe the amount of choices throughout the novel are well-spaced, and have a suitable amount of impact to the story line to make them more fun than a chore. The visual novel has an entrance sequence, which was really fun to listen to and see previews to each individual romance featuring the main three characters. It also has an official credit song, which was great as well.Another feature I really enjoyed was the voice acting of the characters. I normally avoid keeping the voices on, as they tend to be poorly done and the Japanese distracts me when I am trying to focus on an English sentence (as my brain is trying to translate while reading my native language). However, this voice acting was almost professional quality, and I really enjoyed listening to the characters speak! I read pretty quickly, but found myself pausing to listen to the full Japanese version of the text before proceeding to the next piece of dialogue.I strongly recommend this visual novel to anyone who prefers a girl-loved story without all the nudity that tends to come with them.Reader bewarned, I am about to go into depth with some of the things I disliked below, which contains spoilers for storylines that can be experienced in the visual novel. If you don't want any major story spoilers, please only read the first paragraph of my review. Thanks!--While I loved this visual novel, and praise it highly, I had a bit of an issue with the ""thinking"" mechanic that it uses. I think it's really cool to involve the reader / player of the visual novel with solving mysteries, however solving said mysteries was nearly impossible and the choices would impact your game negatively without you even realizing just how big of an impact it has right away. The things this visual novel expect you to notice and figure out right away is astonishingly impossible (there is one that involves figuring out a character's name via 'the language of flowers', which is a hard thing to figure out unless you have a) read the book they are referencing her name from and b) know flower language).Of course, I understand it's meant to be challenging, however there were some of these mysteries that took me four or five times to figure out by going back into saves. The most annoying part was that for some of them, it never explained just WHAT was wrong, or that I had been incorrect right away.Aside from the mystery solving mechanic, my next gripe is about the Mayuri ending. For the most part, I felt that the transitions and the relationships in the game were built well and that character traits were fleshed out and well explained. However, the moment you reach the pivotal moment of the romance beginning on Mayuri's route, the transitions regarding the romantic scenes between Suoh and Mayuri feel more sloppy and rushed. Mayuri jumps from being heartbroken, to being in love with Rikka, to being in love with Suoh in the matter of weeks. I wish that the romance would have been extended to grow over the course of time, like the friendships had been.Then, just as I was beginning to prepare for the ending of the game, the romance suddenly was ended via Mayuri leaving the academy. In my humble opinion, it was left unclear if Mayuri had left of her own volition, or if she had been expelled. Shortly after receiving the information, Suoh tearfully prays for the first time, and then the game abruptly ends. It left a sour taste in my mouth, and made it hard for me to want to go back and play through Rikka's romance in fear that the same abrupt ending would occur.I'm all for tragedy and star-crossed lovers, but the relationship had just been created for the reader to adjust to, only for it to be swept under the rug. Over all, it left the ending feeling cheap.Other than those two gripes, I still adored this story, and plan to go back and replay it in the future for Rikka's romance. Like I said, the music was absolutely gorgeous (seriously, the credit songs were awesome!), the artwork was stunning, the flow of the story (apart from Mayuri's romance story) was great, and the voice acting was the best I've ever heard for a visual novel.Definitely will be looking for other games from this company! :)"
76561198044898719,Recommended,452440,32606176,Posted: 20 June,all,Bwarff,"Just the best yuri visual novel out on steam (tied with kindred spirits).Art is amazing, nice story, characters are well developed (but some are anoying)So sad that it's only the part 1 and the sequel is still not translated ..."
76561198320333483,Recommended,452440,25088238,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,vegabagaswara,The most beautiful Visual novel i've ever played.It's just too much for my heart can handle.I never cryin this much for playing games before.I really hope JAST will do translation for the sequel. :'(
,Recommended,452440,25098454,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Iori,So I just get a game over at the end of Chapter 2 and I don't understand why.
,Recommended,452440,34841097,Posted: 9 September,all,plk Lesiak,"Flowers -Le volume sur printemps-is the first game in a 4-part series of VNs (the final entry is just now having its Japanese release, second one already have an English one planned). It’s a pretty expansive (circa15 hours for full playthrough)Shoujo Ai, that is a female/female romance without explicit sexual content (it never goes further than a kiss). It tells a story of a shy, insecure girl who enters an all-female boarding school to find friends and change her previously solitary life, but also comes to terms with her attraction to women and finds love.To address the most obvious thing first, the game is visually stunning, with beautiful sprites, backgrounds and CGs. From this point of view, it was definitely the most pleasing VN I’ve read to date. The music, while maybe lacks variety appropriate for such a long story, is very good and voice acting is most of the time phenomenal (and while protagonist’s VA maybe overdid the “shy girl” thing a bit, it’s really a somewhat minor complain). Even the menus and user interface are very aesthetic and thematically fitting.The story is a bit more complicated issue, but still very much comes out as a positive. The characters are really good, being (apart maybe from the protagonist) hard to easily identify with typical amine clichés and having a lot of depth and backstory underneath their obvious characteristics. Most of them can’t really be criticised as one-dimensional or boring, they show both positive and negative traits and can surprise you, especially when strong emotion and romance is involved, while also never feeling inconsistent.What people might dislike about this VN is that the pacing is pretty slow and some sections of the story goes on for much longer then you would expect. It’s hard to say it has any filler content or boring dialogues, everything in there adds something meaningful to the world and details that seems unimportant at first may prove crucial later. The plot itself isn’t super-original, but also have enough twists and good ideas to keep you interested and emotionally engaged. More impatient people might get bored, but I was really enthralled for much of my playtime and didn’t mind the slower moments either. The romance itself is also pretty slow and timid, but feels deep and realistic enough to be satisfying. It also fits the characters, who are young and often unsure about their sexuality.Two bigger complains I actually have are connected to the cryptic game mechanics and the game’s ending(s). While the game suggests that you have two separate romance options, only one of them is actually available from the start. Without a walkthrough, it’s really not that easy to understand what the game expects from you and what the UI is trying to communicate when reacting to your choices. There is also a few “puzzles” in the game, that asks you to deduce explanations of certain mysterious events at the school, but with some of them I’m not sure that the game gives you enough information to actually find the ansers yourself – if I didn’t use a walkthrough, I would probably have to do it through trial-and-error.Also, apart from a few “you screwed up” bad endings (from failing said “puzzle” sections), the game have a canon “true ending” and an alternative ending that requires a second playthrough. And while the alternative ending is very sweet and IMO fits the protagonist’s character best, the “official” one, that is continued in the sequels, is a depressing cliff-hanger with some dodgy writing added to the mix. It wasn’t off-putting for me mostly because I knew there was an alternative path to explore and there’s most likely a happy ending coming with the fourth, final game (although we’ll most likely wait a few years for English release, if it ever happens).Other minor things I have to mention are some editing and grammar mistakes in the game’s text, probably connected to the localization. At one time a bit of japanese text apprearing on the screen even lacked any subtitles. For the most part, the translation seemed very solid though.Still, while I had a few gripes with this game, I can’t recommend it strong enough. If you’re into romance VNs, it should be an absolute blast to you, thanks to its (for the most part) very well thought out story, coupled with some memorable characters (those not always being the main ones though – supporting cast is pretty amazing, maybe even the best part here), gorgeous artstyle and unique atmosphere. Just don’t feel shy to use the walkthrough available on the Steam community pages, it doesn’t spoil much, but might save you from some disappointments and confusion."
,Recommended,452440,29695230,Posted: 4 February,all,𝖣𝗈𝗆𝗂𝖸𝗎𝗄𝗂𝗈,"I like this visual novel.....And I interest this story, how they will be the friends of Yuri Love.....Enough beautiful and cute girls."
76561198014587308,Recommended,452440,25207507,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,gadeel,"Because I felt like taking it easy and relaxing for a bit, I decided to stab myself in the feels with this gorgeous-looking, eargasmic little mix of smiles and tears.Would gladly do the same with the sequels."
76561198006455520,Recommended,452440,25200740,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,🅹🅸🆂🅺🆁🅰,"For The YURITOPIA!This is quite lovely yuri visual novel.Story is about girl Suoh who decides to attend all-girl boarding school in hopes of overcoming her anxieties and making friends.This game doesnt follow popular nakige formula, instead story is full of little dramas from start till finish.Story is full of up and downs, sad scenes are followed by happy ones just to be spoiled by another tragic event. Souh keeps being forced to do things she doest want to do, which made me quite mad at times, also at one point she is being blackmailed by another girl, which i found unforgivable (unlike Suoh who was happy to forgive her). Story really didnt make me happy but maybe that wasnt the purpose? Anyway it left lasting impresion.Visuals are quite beautiful. Innocent Grey uses same sober artstyle like in Kara no Shoujo games. So despite story being placed in modern times all the characters looks like abducted from Shōwa period :) This is not complain, actualy its nice change from usual colorful art and its one of things that makes Innocent Grey games so special.If you like good romace story and if you like yuri, you should give this a try."
76561198006730180,Recommended,452440,25596965,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lofwyr,"I'm not usually one for visual novels, but this one turned up on my queue one day and the opening theme caught my attention - that and the unanimously positive reviews. Allow me to add my own.This game is wonderful. The ""Thinking"" parts can get a bit tricky (there's a guide in the community if you get stuck) but the story and aesthetics are absolutely lovely. The characters are real and interesting, and I found myself empathising with them all very easily. My only complaint about the story was that they had a perfect set up for polyamory and didn't use it (especially with the events at the end of chapter 6).All in all, fantastic story, beautiful game, couldn't put it down. Seriously, go buy this game, and then wait patiently for the other three to come out.EDIT: I got the Mayuri ending...JUST RIP MY HEART OUT AND STOMP ON IT WHY DON'T YOU. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S."
,Recommended,452440,31904040,Posted: 22 May,all,_Sans_,"This is one of the best romances visual novel I have played recently. This game is focus on coming of age/pure romantic love so do not expect fan service or sexual scene, and it does not need to be Yuri genre-fan to enjoy this title."
76561198130727834,Recommended,452440,31330040,Posted: 23 April,all,timjake78,"This is a long (over 15 hours) VN with the main character being a painfully shy young lady who is also so good at deduction that you'd swear she's Sherlock Holmes.  She also has serious family issues that come to light as the story unfolds.  The story drags at times and some of the ""mysteries"" are pretty mundane, but I was glad I read it when I was done.This is part one of a series, so the ""ending"" here is not the ending for the full story.  I will admit I was disappointed when my favorite character left the story, but that's what I get for having a favorite."
,Recommended,452440,25572857,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Haryo25,"This game is beautiful. Although it is a yuri VN, you won't really find sexual content in this game. Actually, I regretted a bit buying this game at a full price. No support at FHD, and as I say, no sexual content. I admit I wanted a bit of it, but this game is beautful nonetheless, especially the music. I really regret the Mayuri ending, sheultiamtely left Suoh (a.k.a you) without saying goodbye to her and Suoh cried painfully.If Steam would sell the Flowers trilogy, I would be very grateful."
,Recommended,452440,32183181,Posted: 4 June,all,Kurisu Makise,"Beautiful Yuri story. Amazing art and lovable characters, one of the best Yuri VN's I have read. If you cry, dont worry, I did too"
,Recommended,452440,25243812,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,plz no,"In short, it's a real good game. I highly enjoyed it all the way until chapter 6. It is a shame that it's only two routes since I wished there was someone else I could go for (*coughs wheelchair girl). The soundtrack is amazing and the art greatly accommodates this beautiful piano and string pieces. There were a lot of choices, although I feel they're a bit pointless since your character doesn't say them she's too shy about it. It does change her inner thoughts... I suppose?Should take around 15 ish hours to finish the game.A couple of typos and repeated lines here and there. That could be easily fixed.Here's a vid where I talk more about the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgqJ3W10uvEOverall, would recommend to experience."
76561198065942019,Recommended,452440,34565015,Posted: 28 August,all,MivMusse,BEAUTIFUL voice acting! BEAUTIFUL story! BEAUTIFUL art! BEAUTIFUL bg music!just a freaking BEAUTIFUL lovely game <3 10/10
,Recommended,452440,34671073,Posted: 1 September,all,Nyx,"Came for the yuri, stayed for the feels."
76561198361588786,Recommended,452440,34535557,Posted: 27 August,all,ReliveTyrant,shut up and take my money
76561198038786186,Recommended,452440,25648587,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sique,Not your average Yuri visual novel.
76561198115120642,Not Recommended,452440,29935139,Posted: 14 February,all,CrackerjackTiming,"This is the first in a series of a planned four visual novels. The second and third entries are already done, and the second one is slated to be released in the English market sometime this year. That's important to note because this is not at all a complete story by itself, which is why I wouldn't unconditionally recommend buying it. I don't like saying that, because I think it's good as far as yuri goes, and I'd personally like to see more content like this, but they are charging you $20 for one-fourth of a story. As long as that's not a dealbreaker for you, and as long as you're interested in about 20 hours of (mostly) 14-year old girls being very passive-aggressive, Japanese, irrational, and sarcastic by turns, then I would recommend it.The artwork is nice, except for the weird tiny hands on some characters. The voices seem to fit the characters, but beyond that you'd need someone who speaks Japanese to tell you if they actually do a good job.The writing is saturated with references to famous movies and literature from Japan, England, and the U.S.. Once or twice there's a pretentious bit at the start of a chapter that leaves me scratching my head--what's up with the ""God is for men, religion is for women"" quote? Has nothing to do with what's going on--but it might make you feel smarter if you recognize a lot of the quotations and allusions. As a slice-of-life story there's nothing in the way of plot, so it's really all about the characters. Anyone who sits at a computer for hours on end to read a game like this should instantly identify with our shy, bookish, movie buff heroine, Suoh, who is on a journey to open up, make friends, and broaden her horizons. The rest of the cast, including the two potential love interests, are a diverse and well-written bunch.From a queer/feminist standpoint, Flowers so far seems more educated and maybe kind of perhaps more progressive than the typical entry in the yuri genre. On occasion the characters explicitly talk about sexuality, using some basic terminology and everything, and the heroine discusses feminism and discrimination. There's concern about coming out to friends and classmates. Then there's mingled relief and disappointment when said friends and classmates assume that when two girls say they're dating what they really mean is that they're just super close mega best friends. That seems to ring true.If you're wondering why I point these particular things out, it's just because typical yuri stories don't stray from the safe territory of all-girls Catholic schools where young teenagers might hold hands, declare their love, even kiss (or more if it's porn) but it's all strictly removed from any context of reality--they don't come out of the closet and don't even seem to be aware that that's an option, and there's an unspoken assumption that once they grow up everyone involved will leave all of it behind, enter into nice heteronormative marriages, and never speak of it again. Many stories (especially the ones written by actual queer people) defy those conventions, but it's still an important context for pretty much every entry in the genre, including this one, in case you weren't aware. If you already knew all that, sorry for wasting your time.Anyway, Flowers acknowledges that there's such a thing as being gay (as opposed to super close friends who make out sometimes but will grow out of it one day), but it also talks about the ""transience"" of same-sex relationships, which seems like maybe it's aiming to fit in with that bad convention of the yuri genre, and many characters' understanding of such things seems limited to the whole yuri ""students at an all-girls school sometimes mistake friendship for romance because girls are dumb i guess lol."" Maybe. The first entry doesn't seem to have made up its mind yet, and there's a lot of story still to go.Flowers is the first Japanese yuri visual novel I'm aware of that mentions the misogyny in the Narnia books and the concept of Islamophobia, so that's cool. It's just a thing the characters talk about for a second and then move on, but I wasn't expecting it.The fact that I don't recommend the game unconditionally doesn't mean it's bad. I just argue that it's overpriced for what you're getting. If you don't mind spending $20 for the first part of a four-part series (however much that ends up being in total) that does not stand on its own at all, then yeah, it's good."
76561198150537561,Recommended,452440,25925846,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,mizuno,Yuri makes the world beautiful.
76561198107406511,Recommended,452440,25082272,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SailorJade,This game is amzing what I have played of it so far 10/10 yuri.If you are thinking about buying the game or can't afford it .Check out my first video of this herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMehKXnE0lY
76561198099066429,Recommended,452440,35118299,Posted: 21 September,all,Unks,"The other three chapters,please!"
,Recommended,452440,34904723,Posted: 12 September,all,kokozhang,"i am kinda new to this whole VN Genre and decide to buy few VN and i decide to play this first, and i am glad. my first impression to whole VN Genre now is good and i am gonna looking for another VN then.Story is really good especially in the first 6 chapter, Mystery is goodthe character development is excellentmusic and art is very good.i am really glad this is my first VN .PS : Rikka still the best grill"
76561198347195294,Recommended,452440,35227428,Posted: 26 September,all,♡ Sarah ♡,"I'm only on chapter 2 out of I think 7 or 8 chapters depending on choices made, but so far I would describe it as very light and sweet; the artwork, storyline, and music. ♥"
,Recommended,452440,35361897,Posted: 30 September,all,BigBossBalrog,Highly recomended.
,Recommended,452440,25135959,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,普通Shendow,A fantastic yuri game.
,Not Recommended,452440,29402182,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Great art, good premise, but the story is straight up boring. Very much a slice of life game, and the final twists at the very end just aren't hard hitting enough to make slogging through the rest of the content worth it."
76561198005613073,Recommended,452440,24986786,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,sadpanda,Girls can't love girls! Its forbidden love!
,Not Recommended,452440,25978879,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hayley,"First of all, let me stop you there by saying that my playtime isn't representative of the number of hours I surrendered to this game. There were a lot, because this thing just would not wrap it up. The transition between the second and third acts felt like a freaking Cousteau expedition. Digging my way out of the epilogue in particular was a physical triumph. It felt a lot like getting through the last books ofParadise Lost, ifParadise Lostwere as bad as it is long. There are some spoilers below. I don't care, and I don't think that you should care either. Buckle up.Buddy,Flowersstarts out like Scooby Doo Yamayurikai and then goes full Yandere Nice Boat. I'm no yuri dilettante and this isn't my first rodeo, so I made sure to do my homework before jumping in. I browsed the Steam reviews and looked at the pretty screenshots and thought I was gonna get some cute girls doing cute things. Well, I got hardcore stunted on, lemme tell you.The first hour is a real Pied Piper. Droopy Dog has a couple of unctuous meet-cutes with Tweedledumb and Tweedlemegane-chan before the narrative gets capped like Bambi’s mom and everybody starts throwing down and having PTSD flashbacks. These kids need a safe space and some anti-psychotics, because nobody in this game does anything but screw up a perfectly good yuri. The last chapter gets a bit cheeky and trots out an ill-timed piece of Joseph Conrad and then the whole cast absconds to a cathedral in the middle of the night to have a Wangst competition and compare pathologies. It’s like Dueling Banjos but with mental illness. Tweedledumb had me fooled for a couple of minutes but that cow with the glasses was a real piece of work from day one.You’d think that being romantically and psychologically victimized by the moe equivalents of Casper’s Ghostly Trio would make the protagonist the most likable character in the game by default, but you’d be wrong. Droopy Dog is among the worst and droopiest romantic leads I’ve ever seen in a visual novel. She gets chucked around by the rest of the cast like an old ventriloquist dummy who's just been lobbed off the stage. It’s all huffs and puffs and a persistently creepy internal monologue that made me feel really concerned for her fictional peers and the fictional adult who's failed them. It should be noted that the game is less than forthcoming about the fact that its main characters are literally fourteen years old; whether or not that's a turn-on for you is between you and your probation officer. I’m a grown woman and this crap made me feel like an accessory to a crime. I finished Tweedledumb’s route and spent the duration of the end credits wondering if I should throw my PC into the bathtub with a toaster. There's no sex or nudity, but Droopy Dog's protracted appraisals of her classmates' pubescent bodies are frequent and gratuitous enough that I'm just waiting for the FBI to show up and confiscate my harddrive."
76561198132360016,Recommended,452440,24980648,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,I>U,"Young females kissing each other.. wrong!* * *By the way: When you're nominating this game for 'The ""Gayest User reviews"" Award' don't use ""The"" and ""Award""."
,Recommended,452440,25324716,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,IMBAker,"GREAT art and music, with a plot that can be very intriguing, emotional and even funny, I think this is the second time a game made me cry. I don't really play visual novels, but after this one I can't wait for the next games in the Flowers series to be translated, so I'm really hoping JAST USA can bring them to us. Thanks a lot to the developees and the localization staff for making this game possble."
,Recommended,452440,25368811,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,死の運び手,"The first thing i want to say - This is an Innocent Grey game. And that's enought to describe this amazing masterpiece. From the beginning this game draws you to the very end, you can't eat, sleep, think about something else except the story, turns you doing. This game as a Cartagra, Kara no Shoujo or Caucasus, but without violence and sexual content, but it did't made the game worse or something, in oppose it looks like a beautiful fairy tale without tons of depression and blood. I really wait for the next games in serie. 10/10."
76561198209916711,Recommended,452440,25813746,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Comodo,"It's a really beautifully created Visual Novel. It has a lot of likeable characters and some where you can relate to them, like Suoh is to me. I really hope the rest of the games and soundtrack comes out for this."
76561198211207720,Recommended,452440,25736429,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,yusrina_mimi,A very cute game...
76561198081905698,Recommended,452440,25570950,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,zhouye37,music is always good as innocent gray + Kara no Shoujo in slow lifePro- It doesn't has murderer caseCon- It doesn't has murderer case
,Recommended,452440,27774129,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gerson,It's pretty gay.
,Recommended,452440,27402292,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Illusion PlayHome,"Currently this is the BEST VN out there on Steam imhoMayuri Kohsaka My Love <3OSTs are Perfect, Story is superb, a mixture of roller coaster emotion rideThere is Yuri, Comedy, Mystery, Detective, etc"
76561198342300951,Recommended,452440,26649650,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sanae Ebato,"i thought about playing a cute yuri vn with everyones happy in the end and i already heared about that vn a while ago so i chose this one...but....i never expected the story to be that deep...and..im overhelmed by feelings.my heart feels teared apart.still hoping for a better end..a truly GOOD end for suoh and mayuri!i felt depressed,trying to cheer up myself.that vn rly got me~ and thats why i absolutly love it.since its able to bring me into that kind of mood i rly do appreciate the great work!ITS AWESOME AND WORTH PLAYING IT.ofc if u like bittersweet stories like this one.the music is awesome same as the design!im hoping for the other parts to be translated as well! <3 SUOH X MAYURI FTW!!!<3 they deserve a good ending!!!!and...i only made a steam-acc for this vn ~ <3PS: sorry for my bad english :'D"
76561198015666348,Recommended,452440,27986889,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Genesis__,"A very good yuri game done in a pleasently different way than most visual novels of this genre I have played until now. The story is very captivating and the characters are fleshed out properly so everyone in the story is important. Still the true ending of the game left me very sad, (Mayuri for the win!) but nonetheless I enjoyed it very much. A must have for any yuri-fan out there :)."
76561197995248210,Recommended,452440,27998608,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,-Chi-,"I'll start off with saying that this is my first review here on steam, so bear with me.Flowers, Spring chapter, is neither my first visual novel nor the first yuri one. That said, I'm not such huge VN fan, so I can miss some things. The genral first impression has been very much positive for me, though I've been waiting for the game to get localised pretty much since I saw the CGs, which would be not too long after release in Japan. I was quite hyped and I was't disappointed when I finally got to play it.One might or might not like the OP, but I think it's decent enough, Haruka Shimotsuki does good job with singing, only thing is you might not like the spoilers of sorts.While in the game, there are plenty of settings, also character-based, so this is all nice. BGM is actually quite immersive and I think it goes especially well with the flow of the story.Character designs are.. yeah, what can I say, they are really nicely done. CGs are as good as they say. They are not overly simplistic and have this certain watercolor look that I personally like quite a lot.Novel features two main routes but there are lots of choices to be made. I'm playing it without reading too much not to get the spoilers, so from my point of view it seems as some of them are short-branching and others will either push you furhter down your main route or stall the progress a bit. Personally I found the puzzles encountered rather hard to figure out, especially if your knowledge of japanese is limited. I had to do quite a bit of research on what is called 'Hanakotoba' before I got the first major one. If you're not googling walkthroughs, you'll have a bit of fun. I guess this comes with the territory, so I'm not really counting this as a flaw, maybe even the opposite for some.It all sounds too good, right ? To be honest, there are things I didn't like. The translation does seem a bit weird at times. There are certian parts where I thought the lines were copy-pasted or inappropriately repeated. Not sure if it follows original text, but this seemed wrong. Might update the review later if I see this continues.All in all this isn't such a major problem to really impact the game or the way the story is told. BGMs and CGs are top-notch and the way you will feel about the game depends mostly on attitude towards such stories. I'd certainly recommend it to most VN fans and a must-have for yuri fans out there !"
,Recommended,452440,28166495,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Beatsonic,I love it.
76561198325427430,Recommended,452440,31171313,Posted: 15 April,all,CodeX,Really great Yuri game. Looking forward to the following three games in this series.
,Recommended,452440,29385536,Posted: 20 January,all,meow,"so at first this looks like a lovely, perfect, peaceful yuri vn. at the start it tells you to relax and enjoy but thats a big lie. ive been through so many ups and downs and heartbreak and love and crying and laughing and frustration, i don't even know what im feeling anymore.would reccomend for every gay girl. theres 3 more games after this so ill have to pick up the broken pieces of my heart by then... sob sob..."
76561198069619221,Recommended,452440,29344543,Posted: 18 January,all,BishiDe,"Well, wow. I bought this visual novel on a whim when I picked up KIndred Spirits, so I guess my expectations were non-existent. Yes, I had heard of Innocent Grey before, but I never got around to playing Kara no Shoujo, which from first glance appears to be nothing like Flowers. Anyway, that said. Innocent Grey is a truly impressive company. I don't believe you'll find a visual novel, on Steam, with such production values. The art is great, the sprites are great, music fitting, characters are actually interesting, and the story is never really boring despite how mundane one would think the setting is. In fact the story is also laced with little mysteries that actually make you think. The story itself is endearing, frustrating, and on a few occasions heart-breaking. For 20 dollars full price, this visual novel is a steal. And I personally, can't wait for the sequels! And ah! Before I forget, the translation is top-notch. As an avid visual novel reader, this fact simply can't be ignored. It just reads so damn well.I did however make a mistake of doing the true route first, yes there is a true route for the series' continuity. It left me with bitter feelings towards the other heroine, who in the end is a side what if route anyway. So my 21 hours is for one route only."
76561198132327681,Recommended,452440,31054975,Posted: 9 April,all,BlazingSeraph,I love this game so much and I'm so gay.The main character Suoh is honestly so relatably gay too it's amazing.And then there's her senpai Yuzuriha who makes me want to call heronee-san like wtf??10/10 yuri experience
,Recommended,452440,33490980,Posted: 12 July,all,KireusG,I'm happy but also sad
76561198067419991,Recommended,452440,33912609,Posted: 30 July,all,☣ kiriyeon ☣,heavenly art-style. wonderful voice acting. beautiful storyline. the music is on point and fits perfectly with the art. this is more than i expected. it's just really freaking amazing and a must buy for all yuri fans!
,Recommended,452440,34453555,Posted: 23 August,all,Artorias,"One of the better visual novels out there. All of the characters are well written, the soundtrack includes a lot of piano and is really soothing and songs are well placed, voice acting is really well done and not awkward at all, the art and visuals are really well done, and the setting and story are very interesting as well.The only real con I can give the game is that there is a detective segment of the game and the questions given are really BS and require you to pay close attention to details that are easily missed while playing the game requiring you to save scum the answers.Mind you this is game one of four so it doesn't conclude, but I expect the next three games to be just as amazing. I highly recommend this game if you're looking for a pleasant soft yuri/romance game that is non-hentai.Would give this game a 4.5/5 after playing through the game twice and getting all the endings."
