user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,452540,32198398,Posted: 5 June,all,ᏢᎯᕆᑯᏫⴽმᏣᏓՅ,"Skylar and Plux is inspired by some of the most memorable PlayStation platformers such as Ratchet and Clank and Jak and Daxter. Those are some pretty big shoes to fill, and when it comes to sheer personality and humor, I'd say it misses more marks than it hits. That's a bit of a shame because it may turn people off to what is a very enjoyable game from a gameplay perspective - and it's the gameplay that matters. Though Clover Island is shorter a game than one would get from a Sony or Nintendo, being an indie that only costs 15 bucks it shouldn't be expected to match those games in scale.But where this game shines in pure quality platforming, wonderful music, and tight, well thought out level design. Where some other 3D platformers are vastly open, yet strangely barren, just to attempt to justify their purchase price by padding out game time artificially, Skylar and Plux for the most part has a wonderfully crafted economy of level design that doesn't waste your time with needless empty real estate. This is one of the things I enjoyed so much about the game, it's about the meat and potatoes of the platforming gameplay, and -aside from a camera that could be a bit more flexible- the gameplay is incredibly smooth and otherwise flawlessly executed. Some of the best joys in life are fleeting ones, and the platforming action in Skylar and Plux is a joy in motion.Not everything is sunshine and roses though, the enemies could use a lot more variety, as final boss notwithstanding, there are only three varieties of enemies to dispatch, and near the end they come in huge numbers, but the tools you acquire along the journey make sure that they never become an extreme annoyance - they're just not very diverse is all. If there's one more missed opportunity in Skylar and Plux, it's the fact that the main character Skylar never actually says a word, though maybe that's not such a bad thing given the rest of the dialogue.All in all, it's a great bite-sized platforming experience only slightly hindered by wearing its inspirations a little too blatantly on its sleeve. Some may feel the price a bit much for such a short game, but when you consider the cost of going out to the movies these days, I feel like it was money more than well spent."
,Recommended,452540,31882008,Posted: 21 May,all,Suit n Tie,"I don't usually write reviews, and looking at some of the others some people didn't enjoy that it was short. I personally loved that it only took me a couple of hours, the quick journey didn't soak up all my time so I could sit down and enjoy the experience and then do what I needed to do.Yes, it is an easy game.Yes, it is short.Yes, it is chessy.But that is exactly why I loved it! Usually I struggle to pick up and play newer games as I don't like the idea that I would have to spend a good 20 hours plus in it to feel satisfied in completing it.Music was great.Gameplay was great, would of been cool to have smaller boss fights before collecting the fuses, but I did feel satisfied using all my abilities all the time as they all stayed relevant.Story was good, was short and well lived... very much so a kids game.But my main reason of picking this up was for some nostaligic platforming. Although it wasn't as difficult as alot of the older platformers I played it was still a great journey.TLDR;If you've got a few hours left in your day, or only a few hours of spare time... this game is the way to go."
76561198012127003,Recommended,452540,32611758,Posted: 21 June,all,CBFoxHound,"This is a short game, but it was a fun experience.I beat the main story of this game within a span of three hours. To some people, that can be considered bad, but I don't. The gameplay is solid, the controls are fluid, the music is decent, and the visuals are amazing. I think the weakest aspect of the game is the story. But hey, this game is a platformer in the vein of the classic 3D platformers, so story isn't THAT important.Now comes the question, Is this game worth the price? I say yes, mainly because the experience is worth while. Honestly, I wouldn't mind seeing these a sequel or two, so long as they retain this level of quality or better."
,Recommended,452540,31839389,Posted: 19 May,all,DaviCis,"A Simple but fun solid platformer.I like the colourful atmosphere very much and also the relaxing background music. Great work here!There are many different areas like snowy mountain, hot desert, sunny beach these are the areas I visited currently.The writing and the dialogs between plux, CRT, BOB and ARM are enjoyable and sometimes keep you laughing, for least a bit :)The story is not much interesting, you lost your memories and the rest is common stuff.The controlls with an XBox 1 pad are very good and intuitive like they should be!Wish there would be more games like this one, out on the pc!"
,Not Recommended,452540,31850407,Posted: 19 May,all,Maxwell_Edison,"A lot of potential, but somewhat wasted with the inexperience of the people making it.I enjoyed playing this, but in the end, it's problems were still problems.Pros:-Good music design.-Nice graphics and settings-Solid controlsCons:-Very bad voice acting in some parts.-Cheesy and overall annoying dialogue and story-An easyness not even old 3d platformers tended to have-Annoying character designs. (Blue puff ball creatures that are hideous, and Plux serving absolutely no purpose in the game other than to be edgy and relate to the 'kids')-Extremely short.  A few hours at best.Overall, this game feels good in some ways, but feels.. Bad, in others.  Honestly I can see a sequel of this being much better, filling out all the gaps that came with the first game.But considering the hype I had for it, it isn't the 3D platformer revival I had hoped it'd be."
76561198079335824,Recommended,452540,31840043,Posted: 19 May,all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"Skylar & Plux: Adventure On Clover IslandSkylar & Plux: Adventure On Clover Island, is a wonderful 3D platformer, action, adventure game, its inspired by games like Ratchet & Clank & Jack & Daxter just to name a few. The game is lovely to look at while exploring around the islands, smashing boxes for Orange shards that you will need along your journey, & enemys as you come across them. Im very pleased so far with what I have played, & the game does not disappoint. You play as a feline cat called Skylar, & when she crash lands on Clover Island she is greeted by Plux a cute little Bird, whom then becomes Skylars new friend & Guide.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=928573930Game plays very well with Xbox controller, & It also plays with keyboard & mouse so no worrys for those who prefere keyboard & mouse if works fine. It is best played with a controller though.I dont want to spoil to much here, as the store page shares enough & there are about 5 videos in the store to view, which should give you a good idea about the game.The price is currantly 34%off upon day 1 release, which is more than I was expecting for a new release. So no complaints here. OK enough, now its time to get back to Clover Island & continue my journey................"
,Recommended,452540,31843516,Posted: 19 May,all,FrogTheSpy,"Great soundtrack, visuals and level design. Some areas where really small though others where great.Took me only 2 hours to complete but 80% of my childhood is playing 3D platformers so yeah...5 hours to 100%.A solid 5/7."
76561198043271760,Recommended,452540,34092140,Posted: 7 August,all,DrgHybrid,"A fun little game. Took me about 2 hours to beat it all and I didn't find all the Lo`a, but I'll be honest that I wasn't really searching them all out. Perhaps maybe make it to 3 hours if you find them all. Really no replay ability either but sometimes short and sweet isn't bad.It's a kid friendly and all around fun game to play. I do advise to get it for under the 10 dollar mark.The main character doesn't talk at all and that annoyed me. The side kick, the bad guy, the AI..they all like to talk but not Skylar here. Ah well. Overall, I'd give it a 6 if it fits your thing."
76561198055631052,Recommended,452540,31916144,Posted: 23 May,all,Rafalo15,"2017 seems to be the year for the revival of 3D platformers, Yooka Laylee being the most prominent example.While it wasn't as great as I expected it to be, it still made me yearn for more games like the classic Ratchet & Clank, Jak and Daxter, and Sly Cooper series.For a game that has just four devs and a presumably smaller budget than Yooka Laylee, I vastly preferred Skylar and Plux. Sure, it was significantly shorter and only had one boss throughout the game but not once did I get frustrated with dated mechanics or awkward camera controls.The camera feels snappy and never once screws you over, the platforming controls are tight and responsive, and the combat is satisfactory.Its a shame that the game is so short, I beat it in just over two hours but still wanted more, I wanted more backstory for Skylar and Plux, more areas to unlock, more combat options than simply punching, spinning or ground pounding. More collectibles, more than one boss, weapons etc all of this would greatly improve the sequel if we get one.Skylar and Plux themselves are... well they're okay. Skylar is a silent protagonist which is a shame, as having her banter with Plux would have been a delight, and Plux himself is a bit of a nuisance at times with some cringe-inducing attempts at humour.Yet I still enjoyed the humour, it reminded me so much of some of the cringey moments in the likes of Ratchet & Clank that I beared with it. Maybe the devs could pull a Jak 2 and give Skylar a voice in the next entry, or at the very least add more humorous companions to meet.Storywise its pretty basic but does the job, the big bad, CRT, has captured you at the start of the game and grafted a cybernetic arm onto you, at which point you manage to break out and escape, leading to your crash landing on Clover Island, home to Plux, who immediately joins you without question.I mean, the damn opening cutscene had a freaking huge robot that I was hoping to fight but nope, it just throws you onto the island. The whole prologue felt rushed which was disappointing.The game is riddled with clichés but it knows this and also mocks itself for it, something I admire. The banter that CRT throws your way at times is kinda funny but the amateur voice overs kind of drag it down, however for amateur work its still rather good.Throughout my playthrough, the game ran smooth with next to no frame drops outside of clips showing the next area, which would absolutely tank the fps for some reason. Graphically, the game is packed with gorgeous colours, the Unreal 4 Engine being used to great effect.In terms of music, my god its some amazing stuff, on par with Grant Kirkhope's work in Yooka Laylee, especially the whimsical track that plays in the first area, it just screams nostalgia and I loved it. The music combined with the first island had me feeling like I was playing parts of the original Jak and Daxter.Considering its called Skylar & Plux, I went in hoping that we could at least use Plux in some way, even if its just for flying like Yooka does but all he does in this is talk and fly by your side, it would have been great if he could help in combat or by grabbing objects out of reach.Finally, the one and only boss you fight in this is mediocre, usually in games like this I die at least once before I figure the mechanics out but it was so simple in this I beat him within two minutes.At least one more type of collectible would be appreciatedGame is far too short, but again this is a budget gameSome of the voice acting can be bad at timesCombat is far too basicPlux does nothing in thisOverall, for the current asking price and if you're a fan of 3D platformers then I recommend this. If a sequel does happen and has a bigger budget then hopefully they can vastly increase the size and length of the game and improve most of the aspects. A great game by an up and comming, tiny dev team, I hope we see more from them in the future.6/10"
,Recommended,452540,35173584,Posted: 24 September,all,emorindom777,"Awesome homage platform game. Takes me back to the times of Jak & Daxter and Ratchet & Clank, oh wait, I still play those games. I recommend them, too. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,452540,33573411,Posted: 15 July,all,＜ ＷｏｌＦ ／＞,"Skylar & Plux: Adventure on Clover Island [Recommended]Genre(s)Platformer, Action, IndieLength3 - 5 hoursSimilar GamesJak & DaxterRatchet & ClankLegend of Kay AnniversaryIn this adventure you play as a mute anthropomorphic cat named Skylar, progressing through the game's 3 main stages to save yourself and Clover Island from the evil CRT. She is not alone in this endeavour, however, and is joined not only by her metallic arm (aptly referred to as ARM and sporting an artificial intelligence), but an orphaned bird named Plux. ARM acts as a way for our heroes to receive/send humourous rebuttals to/from the villain, and can be upgraded to augment Skylar's abilities. An upgrade can be found in each level.The locals on Clover Island are referred to as the L'oahs. Each has been thrown in cages by the nefarious CRT, and can be freed by Skylar if you come across them in your journey. They exist in both the hubworld between stages, and within the stages; Finding them rewards you with additional health points to make your trek through each level a bit safer. These denizens are actually the reason for the 3-5 hours referred to in the table above, as some of them are well-hidden and can take some time to sniff out. If you have any collectathon-loving bones in your body, they are your ticket.The platforming is smooth and fair. The combat is challenging enough, and evolves as you find new upgrades to change it up a bit. Overall there is nothing crazy new in terms of either combat or platforming, but it is a nice meld of some platformer favourites that is sure to please. A puzzle or two may actually even make you think for a moment or two from time to time as well, perfectly encorporating your latest gadget - think Ratchet & Clank in this regard, but without the guns.Skylar & Plux looks and sounds the part, and could easily feel at home on your shelf beside Jak & Daxter and Ratchet & Clank. Its only real shortcomings arise in length - which is hardly a shortcoming when you consider the price. I find this to be a great value and am happy I played through this title. If you saw the trailer, looked through the screenshots, read through this, and still find yourself interested in giving this one a try: What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,452540,31871844,Posted: 20 May,all,Alenonimo,"Game is cool, even though it's a bit short. It's not super hard either, so it was fun taking my time to 100% it.One of the things I would change if I was the developer is to get rid of Plux. God damn it, I want to punch that bird so much… He's completely useless and super annoying. Couldn't Skylar eat him or something? I would trade have him to have Skylar talking instead.And that sappy ending… I know it's a kid's game but damn if I wouldn't just make it so Skylar would eat the villain too. There, satisfying ending, problem solved.And the Lo'a… They're a bunch of ugly motherf*ckers. The voice is cute, so what about replacing them with cute characters? I dunno, but fairies would have worked just fine.Skylar looks good overall but her head looks quite plain. Maybe she could have some hair or head accessory or something.Still, good game. No regrets buying it."
76561198294948229,Recommended,452540,31846861,Posted: 19 May,all,chalupa batman,Great game! It reminds me of Ratchet and Clank from the PS2 and the original Crash Bandicoot games. Plays well and has nice mechanics. It's not super faced paced but it's a great game. I've really enjoyed playing it so far!
76561197993929492,Recommended,452540,34389136,Posted: 20 August,all,teylamade,"+Good graphics+Fun-Bare bones content. Only a few weapons and collectibles etc. so its easy to 100% the game.-Short, although some of the reviewers are a bit harsh, most say 2 hours and it took me way longer than that, cause I explored and didn't try to do a speedrun like some people."
,Recommended,452540,31876921,Posted: 21 May,all,[LP] Matse007,Skylar is a very good game. It is first off all very cheap but while its cheap it has a lot to offer. Movement in this game is amazing. The responsiveness of the character feels good. Jumping feels right not floaty not heavy. The intentionally cringy dialog was funny (well one pun was too much i think everyone agrees on THAT pun was too much).It might not be the longest game but it is definately worth the money. Im not the best in writing reviews but if you are thinking about buying the game you should because you wont regret it.
76561198151806190,Recommended,452540,31917067,Posted: 23 May,all,maxchristianabj,"Pros:+ Beautiful cartoon-influenced art style replete with gorgeous scenery+ Unexpectedly charming characters and writing+ Exquisitely varied soundtrack giving each zone its own distinct feel+ Intricate level design that invites exploration while maintaining flow+ Some interesting puzzle mechanics+ Difficulty just right for younger or more casual players, or those just looking for a fun, relaxing game that can still keep you on your toes+ Excellent value for the priceCons:- Short- Not much enemy variety- No fully animated cutscenes- Difficulty may be too low for hardcore gamers seeking a real challengeI adored my time with this game and think it will please any fans of the old Ratchet & Clank/Jak & Daxter style platformers of yesteryear (and hopefully introduce new players to the genre!) I was surprised to actually find myself invested in Skylar & Plux's backstories and the world they inhabit. The script, while cutesy and ""safe for kids,"" did produce several genuine chuckles throughout. And if you've seen any gameplay at all, you can see how beautiful the game's art and soundtrack come together.I want to lavish special praise on the level design. The levels have a natural flow, but you're not just being herded down a single path. There are branches and offshoots, and even shortcuts if you're clever enough with the game mechanics. There are even areas you can reach that offer no reward other than the joy of exploration. The game really encourages you to look around and see just what kind of places you can get to, regardless of whether or not there's a hidden secret. This is something I don't remember experiencing in a platformer since Spyro the Dragon. Level design like this makes the game world feel more alive and expansive, rather than just an obstacle course to complete.You will notice the lack of polish that a AAA studio title brings to the table (cutscenes are animated slideshows with VO, some terrain requires jumping over that looks like you should be able to walk across, etc.) but these are extremely minor issues for a game that's such a joy to play. It's only a few hours long, but those few hours gave a sense of quality I've come to expect from far larger dev teams. I would gladly have paid twice as much for this game.Overall, this was a lovely introduction to the world of Skylar & Plux. I genuinely hope for a sequel to give us a chance to explore even more."
,Not Recommended,452540,31948560,Posted: 25 May,all,Majestic_Ram,I did down vote this game just beacause the game to value level. it cost £11.99. for 2 hours of play.. not very good if you ask me. BUTpros: The game is very pretty: The music is awesome: It reminds you of classic games from your child hood: Mybe get it if it goes on sale for less than £5Cons: cost £11.99 for 2 HOURS of play including cut sceans: combat was a little to easy: ONE boss fight in the game was a bit to easy to kill
76561198030912594,Recommended,452540,31880973,Posted: 21 May,all,Riganthor,"so before I starrt at the end of this text wall I will link my youtube video for anyone who doesnt want to readso skylar and plux adventure on clover island.I had no idea what to think of this when I first saw it, I had never played a 3D platformer before but the artwork looked good and it looked very interesting.luckily this game was lots of fun to play, the controlls are very responsive, though every new level/reload you have to click the right mouse to unlock your camera. a bit annoying bu not game breaking. the combat is fun and with the abilities you gain over the course of the game make it more interesting and fun. though I have found a few enemies standing on very annoying spots, like hair pulling annoying,the characters are mostly good, the loaá elder has a few lines that could have been acted better but i LOVE CTR, man that guy MADE this game for me. plux is fine, not too annoying. skylar.... yeah that is the issue. SKylar doesnt talk, now I have read that the developers did this because only 18% of male gamers is ok with playing as a girl. I guess I am one of these 18%. anyhoe this could have been solved with more focusing on her manerisms and how she reacts to stuff, but she rarely reacts to anything which makes it incredibly hard to relate to her. This makes her absolutely forgettable.Also this game is 1 1/2 to 2 hours in length.. a tad short.so Overal this game has big flaws but I cant help but enjoy it, I wish these issues werent here for this game could be amazing but as it is I still can recommend it to people who live silly humor and can live with these flaws.Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCoEWCzCbhk"
76561198055363852,Not Recommended,452540,31848308,Posted: 19 May,all,Selias,"The Pros:The music is solid. I spent a while on the file select page because I was configuring my options and the island beats got very high energy, reminiscent of Jak and Daxter.The controls are very stable. Does not feel like trying to navigate a slip-n-slide at all.Graphics are great, captures the spirit of the genre by being bright and uncomplicated while still being high-res enough to stand in the modern era.The Cons:The voice acting was very jarring. No effort was put in to make the inhuman characters sound inhuman. Every character just sounded like a person standing in a recording room, reading lines.The dialogue was painfully vapid. Characters like the glove and the Elder just kindastatewhat's happening, without any real wordplay or personality. Things justhappen, ""because video game"". And the ones that do try to act like sentient beings with consistent thought patterns come off as insufferable 6 year olds trying waaaaaay too hard to be ""cool"". Back and forth banter is ""You're a stupid poo poo head!"" tier. Several characters are caricatures, like the ""abused butler"" and the ""uppity, innocent pipsqueak"".Bugs. If you run into anything higher than your toenail, you'll need to jump to get over it. ""Save Loa"" in the file select screen. The straw that broke the camel's back for me was when I entered Bouncy Bay and the audio immediately cut to screeching nails on a chalkboard for the remainder of my gameplay. I paused and checked to see if it was my speakers; it was definitively the game (the interference continued before and after the check). This game was not finished upon release.Extremelyeasy gameplay. Might not be a negative for everyone, but it certainly earns the ""casual"" tag.Overall 3/10"
,Recommended,452540,31870946,Posted: 20 May,all,OtavioX5 - to na Psn (OroverX5),Brilliant game 10/10I hope to play Skylar & Plux: Adventure On Clover Island 2 someday...
,Recommended,452540,31869412,Posted: 20 May,all,Carlz0r,"Short, but awesome.  You can beat this game in a few hours, and 100% it in probably just a couple more.. but It's great while it lasts.  The controls feel really nice and tight (though the camera can go a little wonky if you tilt it too high or too low.)The game feeds you new abilities at a nice pace, allowing you to access new areas and utilize your abilities in new types of puzzles that help change up the gameplay.  There's a nice balance of platforming gameplay and puzzles.  It's never too hard, but feels fun and satisfying to play nonetheless.Maybe it's a little expensive for the amount of time you'd get out of a single playthrough, but that'll be for you to decide.  If you decide not to grab it at full price, it'd still be great to at least grab during a sale."
76561198081524881,Recommended,452540,31867102,Posted: 20 May,all,VoltiacSynapse,"Okay so people saying the game is 2 hours for $15 they are correct, but I still recommend the game why simple it does what it's suppose to do correctly, and right now I'm enjoying it. They even threw in a promotion to get the game for little under $10 bucks, and personally it's still good.All in all is the game good yes, can it use improvements yes, are there better platformers out there possibly. Still if you want a game that reminds you of Ratchet and Clank, or Jak and Daxter at least the first entires in both series then buy this game.Hopefully games like this get more visibility and help these guys out. Definitely would love to see how far they can take this."
76561198170697610,Recommended,452540,34300421,Posted: 16 August,all,sirbacon,"Very good, but also very short.Some things I'd like to see in a sequel:1. Larger map and longer story. As I said, it's very short, I would hope that a sequel would have at least double the play-time.2. More puzzles and more complicated puzzles. The puzzle elements weren't bad, but it often felt like they weren't quite stretched to their fullest extent.3. A voiced female main character. Seriously. I get that having a mute main character is kind of a thing, but when it's also the only major female character in the game, it's a little... weird.4. Seperate buttons for Time Orb and Magnet Claw. These were two very interesting gadgets and it bugged me that I never got to use them in conjunction with one another.5. More exposition about the different races/more backstory for Skylar. I felt like the worldbuilding was pretty decent for the length of the game, but I would hope that a sequel builds on it exponentially.6. Existence. As in, I would like to see a sequel to this game exist at all. It's got heart, and I definitely want to see the continuing adventures of Skylar and Plux."
,Recommended,452540,33774319,Posted: 24 July,all,KNIVSPARK,"Tight 3D platformer that takes me back to my early childhood of gaming, reminding me of games like ""Croc"", ""Spyro"" and other similar titles. The controls and camera are really tight and responsive, possibly feeling even better than some ""big studio"" platformers that I have played in the peast. The soundtrack is playful and uplifting and the environments are radiant and colorful. The game starts off pretty basic and then more mechanics are introduced as you go along, keeping the gameplay interesting all the way to the end!This is a short game and the difficulty is fairly easy, especially if you choose not to explore too much and/or do not search for the ""collectibles"". In my case I found the length adequate as I got my fill of nostalgia, which to a great extent was what I was looking for. I can see how some would expect and want a few more hours of gameplay, but as someone who is quite busy with a limited amount of time to play games I can appreciate a short, entertaining experience for a fair price."
,Recommended,452540,34141041,Posted: 10 August,all,ObiWannnabe,"This plays like an N64-era platformer with modern graphics. And the dialogue is just as silly as the games from that era. It's fairly short and takes a little too long to warm up, but it's a fun throwback title."
,Recommended,452540,32602200,Posted: 20 June,all,Xroalia,"A very slick and satisfying 3D platformer. Great controls, beautiful and fun level design, and excellent music.The voice acting is amateur but not bad. Ranged enemies can feel cheap sometimes but overall the game is quite easy.Highly recommended to any 3D platformer fan. Would love a longer, more polished sequel."
76561198070887333,Recommended,452540,34244587,Posted: 14 August,all,The Fortune Teller,"Skylar & Plux is one of those games that I can only describe as a love letter to the predecessors that inspired it; it is a beautiful platformer that clearly borrows elements from legendary series like Jak & Daxter, Ratchet & Clank, Banjo & Kazooie and Rayman, but does so in a way that feels like it pays homage to those games while at the same time constructing its own identity, rather than feeling like a cheap copy. In short, if you are someone who has enjoyed the aforementioned flagship titles, or just a person that enjoys 3D platformers in general, you will probably like this game. All that aside, lets take a close look at some of the game's most important elements.Starting with the story, you take the role of Skylar, a humanoid character from a feline species, as she narrowly escapes from the clutches of CRT, a huge, evil robot that had imprisoned her and siphoned most of her memories for unknown reasons. Stealing a space pod with the help of her newly constructed, sentient robotic arm, Skylar crash lands on Clover Island, a beautiful seaside paradise that is under attack by CRT and his minions. There, she meets Plux, a talking, bird creature that wishes to escape the island and, seeing as their only chances of making it out alive are to defeat CRT, they join forces, utilizing Skylar's combat expertise and Plux's knowledge of the environment in order to take the fight to the enemy. While not an award winning scenario, I found the story to be quite entertaining, with a couple of interesting twists. Much of the game's lore can also be nuanced by talking with npc's that you rescue, adding some depth to the setting. To this end, I have to mention that some pieces of dialogue in this game are among the most hillarious I have ever heard, with highlights being the comedic exchanges between Plux, CRT and his underling, Bob.Gameplay wise, as mentioned above, Skylar & Plux is a 3D platformer, with all the gaming tropes that the genre encompasses. Most of the game consists of Skylar traversing dangerous areas that require precission jumping in order to reach the end, while trying to locate all collectibles along the way. Of course, jumping is not all this title is about. Every area will require different strategies to be overcome, and that is where the various gadgets Skylar will find across her adventure come into play. From technology that slows down time, to a magnetic arm, all the way to the all-time favorite Jetpack, players are presented with a diverse array of gameplay mechanics and challenges in each level, keeping them from getting bored. Other than classic platforming, the game also has a few interesting puzzles, a couple of which will require some thinking to solve. As for the collectibles, the game tasks you with finding and freeing 51 Lua's, cute, puffy creatures imprisoned by CRT, whose cages can be found across all areas. Most of them are easy to spot, or hear, but there are a few that will test your perception skills. My only complaint regarding gameplay is the fact that there were some missed opportunities with the character of Plux. Throughout the game, he merely acts as a commentator and never really gets into the action. It would have been cool to include a few instances where I would have had to utilize him to get through a level, maybe some flying sections or something like that. Food for thought about a possible sequel.In terms of graphics, in one word; Amazing. The visuals in this game are beautiful, and the same can be said for its art style. Everything is colorful and crystal clear, from the characters, all the way to the areas that Skylar and Plux will have to visit. Clover island is a majestic place composed of diverse environments, including lush beaches, mesmerizing desserts, imposing, snowy mountains, as well as mechanized areas, among others. There is an alluring, cartoony feel to the game that really works, fleshing out the world and pulling you into it.Regarding audio, the game has a single main theme that is performed with different musical instruments, and in different ways, depending on the area you are visiting. It is quite enjoyable and never really bothered me in any way. The voice acting is also top notch, especially that of CRT and Bob.As for controls, I played the whole game with a controller and had zero issues. Everything was impeccably responsive, which is vital when it comes to platform titles, so I would recommend using that instead of a keyboard and mouse, which I feel might not be very appropriate for a game like this. In any case, whatever works for you.If there is one thing that people might find off-putting about Skylar and Plux, that would probably be its length. It took me around 5 hours to finish it 100%, including all of the achievements. Now, even though this aspect did not really bother me, I did find myself wishind it was a few hours longer, but only because I enjoyed it so much.Before I conclude, I'd like to offer a few suggestions that it would be nice to see integrated in a possible sequel. First, it would be cool to see Plux utilized gameplay wise, as I mentioned before. Second, I'd like to have a more diverse array of collectibles to find, as well as an increased number of them. Finally, add secret areas to the game, places where players will need to overcome small, platforming challenges in order to gain something, a new gadget, a new ability, something along those lines.All in all, I really liked Skylar and Plux. It reminded me of some of the greatest platformers I have ever played, and it is a breath of fresh air at a time when platformers are quite scarce, at least 3D ones. I had a lot of fun finding all of the collectibles and laughed quite a bit with some of the silly exchanges throughout the game. I am really looking forward to a sequel, since I'd like to follow these two characters in new adventures. For now, this is a great platformer that will give you a few hours of fun, as well as a nostalgia trip if you grew up during the PS2 and N64 era, like me."
76561198156607496,Recommended,452540,31848998,Posted: 19 May,all,Captain Qwurtyz,Amazing just amazing! I love this game. I'v always loved platformer collectathons. this game is exactly what they said a mixture of Ratchet and Clank and Jak and Daxter( more on the J&D side).
,Recommended,452540,31856388,Posted: 20 May,all,Lukas,We need more games like this on PC.Reminds me so much of games like Crash and Ratchet and Clank.Awesome art style and the game feels smooth.Runs well on my fx8350 and rx 470.Worth the price.
76561197963603405,Recommended,452540,31853213,Posted: 19 May,all,Wargoul,"It's refreshing to play a well-crafted 3D platformer again. This game has plenty of charm, a catchy soundtrack, interesting and fun level design (with a few neat puzzles), solid controls, decent combat, and some funny dialogue at times. It borrows elements from Ratchet & Clank, Jak & Daxter, Super Mario 64, Banjo-Kazooie, Blinx, Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg, Zelda, and even Super Smash Bros.I actually really liked the fact that the game was more focused on platforming over combat, ala Mario 64. The main downfall is that it only takes a few hours to complete the story. Also, the voicework isn't the greatest, but it's nothing that will ruin your experience.Overall, definitely recommended playthrough if you are a 3D platforming nut like myself."
,Recommended,452540,31847749,Posted: 19 May,all,LadysWinter,"Great game, sadly I was able to beat it in two hours. It is obviously meant for kids, but I enjoyed it none the less."
76561197977750797,Recommended,452540,31959814,Posted: 25 May,all,Handsome Rain,"Not sure what to say really. I don't normally review games, only in really good or disappointing cases I take the time to write something up. This is one of the good cases.This isn't the longest game, doesnt have the deepest story or is way out extraordinary.However I really would have regretted not picking it up and I would recommend it any day.It has really appealing graphics, a solid gameplay and moving through the world just feels really satisfying.As mentinoed before, you don't have to expect a huge space opera here, but the devs made sure to keep you entertained on the story side of things aswell, in particular with a narcissistic and sarcastic villain, that has you on speed dial and doesn't get tired of taunting you. Handsome Jack sends his regards.So yeah, if you like 3d Platforming, or want to take a dive into the genre, definitely check this out, you get your money's worth and then some."
,Recommended,452540,35194415,Posted: 24 September,all,stupidhass,"It is a fun time, but that time is far too short. I am left wanting more."
76561197992543548,Recommended,452540,35166081,Posted: 23 September,all,Hopix,"Of exceedingly good quality to fans of Ratchet & Clank, but short. Well worth the money though."
76561197995049932,Recommended,452540,34150486,Posted: 10 August,all,Jonkki,"It's an ok game but even 10 eur is too much for what you get. I mean, I beat the game in 116 minutes... Wait for a sale of 2.49€ or 4.99€ and give it a go!"
,Recommended,452540,34185810,Posted: 12 August,all,SeppukuSisters,"Let's you relive the best genre of your childhood. It's Ratchet and Clank/Jak and DAxter/Sly Cooper all in one. It's a little short, and charmingly unrefined, I bought it for full price and didn't regret it, but it's often on sale for $10. You can bust this game out in just a few hours. Though there are a few draw backs like quirky gameplay and poorish cut scenes, It's still give this a 7/10 for nostalgia sake alone."
76561198018583818,Recommended,452540,31848583,Posted: 19 May,all,Lindo,"Skylar and Plux: Adventure on Clover Island is in a word wonderful and i use that word in it's truest sense, i can't recall the last time i played a real good 3D platformer, but itmust have been in my childhood, and this game has been a breath of fresh air to an otherwise quite dead part of the gaming genre.What i find enjoyable about the game is1. A Wonderful music score, can't really be understated, the music does so much for a game!2. The incredibly funny and witty dialog, with imho great voice acting.3. Grafic, it's gorgeus4. The game handles smoothly.To be completly honest i don't have a lot of complaints about the game, i noticed a few small bugs while playing, but nothing gamebreaking, or altering. I bought the game expecting a cool nostalgia trip and found myself grinning and having fun like i haven't had with a game in a long long time!I really recommend it, for the joy it's given and will continue to give me it's more then worth it's price.P.S There's no trouble at all playing it with a keyboard and mouse, but i would recommend a controller for optimized enjoyment!"
,Recommended,452540,31849618,Posted: 19 May,all,[QLtC]MegaMagikarp,"Did you play Jak and Daxter on the PS2? Because if you did, and you enjoyed it, then play this game. Seriously.This game is fun, it has a bit of charm, the music in the areas is fitting (and really really nice to listen to) and the platforming is solid."
,Recommended,452540,31863280,Posted: 20 May,all,absol_89,"A playful addition to the beloved 3D platformer genre, with vibrant visuals and a generous price tag. Loved the cheeky dialogue and the time slowing puzzles. If you want straightforward gameplay and cool levels, this game delivers on both :)Pros:+ Great enviroments and voice acting!+ The music is fantastic, especially later on+ Good learning curve and combos+ You get to see the levels from many pretty angles+ You don't miss as many collectables as in other gamesCons:- Since we're a clawed cat, a wall slide/jump would've mitigated some of my slippery deaths- It would really benefit from more enemies and level bosses that require you to use a power- Didn't recognize my PS controller so I had to use this driver converter, but it was easy to dohttps://steamcommunity.com/groups/steamuniverse/discussions/0/864980009937564570/"
,Recommended,452540,31841833,Posted: 19 May,all,Kaisersoze,"I've only played about a half hour or so but I can already say this will be a fun game. Lots of inspiration(a little too close in some instances but who am I to say?) :) from classic 3D action/platforming games. And guess what? It uses the beautiful Unreal Engine 4. The game looks beautiful. The controls are tight, music is charming and characters are cute. For $9 you can't go wrong. BTW I have a i7-7700 with a Nvidia MSI 1070 8 gig card and I'm running this in dsr mode 4k borderless and still getting like 200fps! Amazing! Grab it now for $9-a steal!!"
76561197998007993,Recommended,452540,31845765,Posted: 19 May,all,Valos,"Fun classic platform, good soundtrack, nice visuals and a cute story."
76561197993422958,Recommended,452540,31847962,Posted: 19 May,all,Giraffe_,"The main thing I can say is that I thoroughly enjoyed my time with Skylar & Plux. It was fun, cheesy, nicely designed and I hope not the last time we see these characters. If Yooka-Laylee had this games framework it would have been a much better game (I had to bring it up as comparisons are inevitable).Gameplay: 8/10(Positives)+ Movement around the environment was fun and smooth.+ Combat was enjoyable and I liked that the spin attack had a delay on it and therefore forced me to use other attacks and not just spin around in combat.+ I had to fight the camera in some instances when looking over ledges, but nothing too detrimental to the enjoyment of the game.+ Collectables were fun to collect, but I wish they didn't respawn and instead were limited so I could make sure I'd collected them all as a fun side mini-game.(Negatives)- Animation of character movement could be a little bit slower as I felt I was moving around the map too fast.Design: 7/10(Positives)+ Solid world design with some really nice-looking zones and nicely hidden areas.+ Puzzles, they were nice to have and moved the levels along.+ Platforming in this game was enjoyable+ Tools given to you in each zone were fun to use especiallythe slow time tool(Negatives)- Puzzles were a little bit too easy.- Some wasted space in the level design.- I wish there were more fully fleshed out zones.- Only 1 boss, which is a shame because it was well designed. I kept expecting one at the end of each zone.- Only 3 types of enemies and they all died with 1 hit. (It should have been dogbots = 1 hit / rocketbots = 2 hits / machinegun bots = 3 hits) <-- would have added a little bit more complexity/challenge in my opinion.Story: 7/10(Positives)+ Started off strong with CRT a fun bad guy.+ Voice acting was in my opinion really good all round, but I was slightly confused why the elder had a very youthful voice, but the actress still did a good job.(Negatives)- Ending was just a little bit too cheesy for me.I was okay with CRT being bad for the sake of it and didn't really need a redeeming story arc. I would have saved his redemption for another story as I liked him as a bad guy.-  All the other characters are voiced so why not Skylar? (I know protagonists of old were silent like Jak, but I feel she was the least interesting character. The Elder's voice would have suited her!)- Too short! (I would have loved to spend more time on this island and another two or three zones would have made this even better!)Graphics: 7/10(Positives)+ Graphics in some zones were really nice and made each level distinct.+ Game ran smoothly for the large part except for in cutscenes, which were always choppy. I also had some problems in the volcano.(Negatives)- Those lava textures are just awful. They're just red and looked like a flat floor.Sound: 8/10(Positives)+ The soundtrack was really well made and gave each zone its own flavour.+ Movement and Combat sounds were really good as well.(Negatives)- Found that when I loaded the game from start the sound had a delay while it loaded.For the price I absolutely recommend Skylar & Plux as it is a solid 3D platformer that you can enjoy in an afternoon and will leave you wishing for more. The replay-ability to go back and find all the imprisoned creatures is something I will definitely be doing.This game is a solid 7.5/10. If it was just 3 hours longer, had more than 1 boss, was less cheesy in its finale, and had a little bit more challenging enemies I would have easily given it an 8 or 8.5."
,Recommended,452540,31871896,Posted: 20 May,all,Meradana,"Game has been great so far, controls are fluid on mouse + keyboard, story and dialogue might be a bit choppy/stereotypical, but nothing over the top, and sprinkled with plenty of humorous moments. Only control complaint might be that the camera controls are limited when you try to look at minor details on the side.1 Hour in, great game and definitely worth the price, even when not on sale!"
,Recommended,452540,31841595,Posted: 19 May,all,Accentus,Great game! If you love the PS2 classic platformers like I do then this game is so for you. :DGreat wooorrrrrkkkkk developers.10/10
,Recommended,452540,34118051,Posted: 8 August,all,jvon,"this game is ok, but kind of janky at spots with hitboxes and whatnot"
,Not Recommended,452540,31895918,Posted: 21 May,all,xGhostBoyx,"I was pretty excited coming int othis game, and too be honest I wasn't that dissipointed with it. The mechanics of the game were amazing and everything felt really nice. The game comes off as a sort of Ratche and Clank rip off, but that alone isn't really a bad thing. It does everything it tries to do very well. But I have 2 major issues with loom over the whole game. One is the comedy.... It's bad, your sidekick, ""Plux,"" constantly talks about how he misses his Dad, as well as say ""butt"" all the time (along with making out dated pop culture refrences). This is all that ""Plux"" does in the game, unlike Clank he's not a weapon, a tool, a helping hand, nothing, he literally just follows you around and makes ""butt"" jokes. The main villain is bassically just a rip off of ""Handsome Jack"" from boarderlands. My other major problem with the game is the length. I bought this game for 10 dollars, but it's normall 15. The game only took me 1 hour and 20 minutes to beat. Unlike Ratchet there isn't splitting paths in the levels really, just small secrets which have the games health upgrades. I ended the game with 7 hearts compared to the starting 3, I was constantly looking for these secerets, as well as took my time in the levels and still finished the game in an hour 20. It's a shame steam doesn't allow for a rating between recommend and don't recommend because it's really a 50/50 thing here for me.TL:DR    The game is short, extreamly short (less then an hour and a half while watching the cutscenes and looking for secrets). Besides that the music is good, the visuals are really good, and the gameplay is pretty amazing. Pick it up if it's on sale for like 2-5 bucks, but based almost entirly on length alone, pass unless the game is on sale."
76561198207364896,Recommended,452540,31894803,Posted: 21 May,all,Tripinflip,"This was a fun, yet basic platformer. think original Jack and Daxter.I beat it in 2 hours, so its kinda short. get it on sale."
76561197972209383,Recommended,452540,31877690,Posted: 21 May,all,Embersember,"A fun callback to old PS2 platformers.There's not a whole lot to say about it, if you liked Jak and Daxter and Ratchet and Clank, this will also be up your alley. It doesn't revive the genre or nything, but it has a couple of interesting quirks that make it more than a clone. The look is great, especilly the desert temple level, and the character design is on point too. The movement is just as good as you get in any of those older games (I particularly liked the rocket long jump, it felt very good), and it is a major plus that there aren't a whole lot of invisible walls or intangible platforms. I was able to get all sorts of places I clearly wasn't meant too, and I could stand on them and there was grass and trees on them, so I really applaud the level of detail. The story is nothing impressive, but it's still better than Ratchet: Deadlocked, so it's not a problem or anything. The combat is actually pretty fun once you get more gadgets, and I would really like to see something more done with that if another game comes out. The voice acting is fine, with CRT standing out but the rest are serviceable, though it would be nice if there was some voicing for Skylar, like grunts or something when she punches.All in all, i liked it a lot and I recognize that much of that comes from nostalgia. If you loved PS2 platformers, you'll love this, and so will younger kids who are wanting something more than Skylanders. But if you're not already a fan of 3D runing and jumping and not much else, you might not see the charm."
,Recommended,452540,31859518,Posted: 20 May,all,cursesha,This game has a lot of parts going for it its by no means a bad game it has every simple part of a 3d platformer you'd expect however there are things missing and bugs that hold it back to being a game to bring the genre out from the shadows.- sound seems to crackle and break after the second area and continues to happen for the rest of the game- puzzles although are well though out lack variety- lack of eniemy variation- levels are a bit too short and have not much going on- voice acting for the main villian was ok but not great- and the lo'a look horrifying they look like rushed LCD dream simulator projectsAnd this is the biggest thing for meno boss battles till right at the end which is a very big shame as the boss for the end was good but felt more like a mini boss they had a big brut robot in the beginning cutscene which you don't see for the rest of the game if he can build a big space station and a robotic arm for skylar why couldn't he be like other villians and make other bossesother than those things the game is good for a short play through done in short bursts or a fast one through one day which is what i did.  the characters are well designed and skylar looks badass although i wish they gave her a voice actor i know main heros like crash bandicoot work without one but she does not if they gave her a voice in the cut scenes and through the game im sure her and plux would have great banter which by the way he kinda fails at.the level design kind of takes me back to games like crash bandicoot and banjo & kazooie plus they run smoothly on my computer no visual glitches at all although some of the cages are put in ridiculous places.when it comes down to it this game has me on the fence but i would recommend it just for a short game to pass the timeso i give it a 6 out of 10 not great but not a bad game by any means
,Recommended,452540,31851309,Posted: 19 May,all,theregoes2,"I'm only about an hour in to this game but I had to stop and come on here to say something about this game. I love 3D platformers and I've played nearly every one I can find on Steam, Skylar and Plux is better than all of them. It look gorgeous, the controls are flawless, the levels are large with plent of hidden areas to find, you get new abilities as you play, combat is satisfying and neither too easy nor too difficult. I kept waiting for something to go wrong. To fall through the ground or get stuck behind the scenery or something but it never happened. The polish on this game is perfect so far. The only strike I have against it is the voice acting for the villain. He sounds like a high school jock in drama class. The lines for everyone are a bit cheesy, but his are delivered in a way that really grates on me. Of course, that's entirely subjective and some people will love him I'm sure. And I'm not saying it's poor acting or anything, just the wrong personality choice for the character I feel. But it can be easily forgiven since the rest of the game is so good.Skylar and Plux is definitely in the vein of the first Jak and Daxter. At least that's the feel I got from it. But with touches of Ratchet and Clank and even some Banjo Kazooie. Still feels entirely like it's own game. It lovingly borrows and pays tribute to its predecessors rather than callously rips them off. Considering it's on sale right now too, it's the perfect time to drop the cash."
,Recommended,452540,32015701,Posted: 28 May,all,Distaris,"I RECOMMEND THIS ONE BUT READ IT FIRST.Man.. I love games like this but this one is pretty messy in my head.Let me start..I bought this game because i saw some gameplay and i was like ""OOOOOOH BOI, i have to buy this"" so i started following the Game on Steam. When i get notif or mail or what it was, i was happy. Plus that price was pretty nice. 13€ wasn't that bad so i bought it when it was released. Anyway. You Playing as a very quiet main hero. CRT, Plux, etc. was dubbed but i dont understand why the main hero doesn't talk. (Maybe we can thank to god because the dubbing is horrible. [Sorry devs :/ ]) Everything was said by Plux, who is not even playable as. Would be fine to switch to him and kill some enemies without taking much damage as Skylar. (Sometimes the game is pain with ranged enemies.) Plus you can earn more HP which is completely useless.. later in game. I would like to see some weapon uprgades which are not in the game because you can find only upgrades. Plus the gem system is uselss too.. You have to collect them just for one reason i dont want to say because it's not mentioned in description or trailers. Game has full controller support, it's only good for game like this. Only con with camera is you cant look arround, so you cant enjoy beauty of this game. Game looks fantastic, working fantastic, during the gameplay i didn't find any bug (i think) so my final words are. Developers are good in making games but the sotry was like if you put together salty Plux and dumb CRT monitor. I liked it from gaming side, if you are going to do next game, it should have a better story guys.btw/ i hate that one puzzle anyway. I hate that one who made them. You know which one in the oasis. Seriously..AAAAND 15€ for 4 Hours of gameplay isnt that much. Remember those times when you paid lot more for game like this? Yup. Good old times.Also the Achievements are pretty fun to earn. At least they are improving the gametime. Some of them."
76561198050232223,Recommended,452540,31893034,Posted: 21 May,all,bonorojo,I like the game. Yes it's short and has some bugs but overall is a very good platforming game and it's price properly.I recommend this game to all platforming lovers.
,Not Recommended,452540,33579351,Posted: 16 July,all,Transcendental,"A cutesy 2-hour long 3d platformer.The graphics remind me of a poor man's Banjo-Kazooie.  The game is very short, clocking in at 2-hours for a straight run. The platforming is pretty bog standard as far as 3D platformers go.  The main weapon is a glove that gets the power to slow down time and Magnetize enemies and platforms.  It's serves it's purpose but has a deceptively short range that led me to get hit more often than not.Overall, this was nothing special with cringe inducing dialog."
,Recommended,452540,32359166,Posted: 11 June,all,Void,"beautiful game, very short though"
76561198057941469,Recommended,452540,32712429,Posted: 23 June,all,Rakros39,Great Fun!
,Not Recommended,452540,32369345,Posted: 12 June,all,Mongelo,"The game isn't bad but I think it lacks a lot of polishing. It really feels like I'm playing an early access game. Personally I very much dislike the UI and would love to have more things like stats and maps (maybe I somehow missed these, but then that is the devs fault). It pales in comparison to Yokka Laylee."
,Recommended,452540,31925540,Posted: 23 May,all,Sakura,"OK but ended the game in 127 mins...I ve bought it at 9.89€ (-34%) and ... Too short , what you have in the description is REALLY all you have (Expand your moves with gadgets like the Jet Pack, Magnetic Glove and Time Orb! : it is only what you have with jump and slap)... expecting more...Yes universe make me think about ratchet and clank but ... it lok like a prototype... no a lot of cutscene using 3D... i prefer ratchet than this.... more content.Maybe because I have a lot of game which for this price has more content ...All others things is nice but I am always hungry at the end ...Care :Sometimes the audio were horrible like jammer...Between Recommand yes and no... better a quote of 7/10"
,Recommended,452540,31931287,Posted: 24 May,all,Drax,"Fantastic movement for a platformer; the double jump and the rocket roll feel incredibly satisfying, and the rocket hover is precise enough to make for smooth landings. Graphics are fantastic and the soundtrack, while not quite as varied as other 3D platformers of this like, is still soothing to listen to. Combat could be more complex, but the simple punch and spin attacks felt satisfying to spam versus enemies regardless. The magnet's use in combat could have been expanded a bit more; I felt as if I didn't get enough time to use it versus enemies, despite it being an absolute pleasure to play with. Plux and CRT have some interesting dialogue that, while isn't necessarily ""funny"" for all audiences, nevertheless did put a smile on my face. The game has a lot of charm, and it shows that quite well; the only real downfall of this game is that it's rather short. A casual playthrough may take approximately 2-4 hours, and freeing all the Loas should take approximately 2 hours more or less. Nevertheless, the movement and the aethetics of this game are fantastic, enough for me to personally warrant another playthrough in the future. I do wish that there was more content and that the abilities were expanded upon a bit more, and that Plux had some abilities as well instead of feeling like a floating walkie talkie; nevertheless, there's definitely potential in a future installment for this game, and I look forward to the developer's future plans if they intend to further this franchise.Overall, a nice little 3D platformer that, thanks to its great movement and aethetics, is definitely worth a look. I wouldn't necessarily recommend others to buy it at full price due to the overall size of the game, but for $15, you could do much worse. Would love a sequel of more of this."
76561198094290971,Recommended,452540,32015119,Posted: 28 May,all,Doctor Cthulhu,"Skylar & Plux: Adventure On Clover Island is a really good game to play. It has a few kinks but other than that it is a nicely made game.The best bits:> Character design: Brilliant.> Art design: Perfect.> Music: Very Good.> Level/map design: Very nice.> Effects: Spot on.> Graphics: Superb (I played mine on full settings).> Sound design: Great.The kinks:> There appears to be a bug when loading a saved game where the sound, except the music, will not work. But this isn't a big problem as quiting to the main menu and loading the save back up again will fix it.> I do find the voice acting to be a little bit basic, but I think they did a great job trying and I believe the voices are actually fitting for the characters.> Story is basic, but not terrible.Overall, I believe this is a game worth trying out. It brought back many good memories of the Ratchet & Clank games which have been my favourites since I was a kid. With all that said, I give this game a possitive recommendation."
76561198066132907,Recommended,452540,31940975,Posted: 24 May,all,Haxaplax,"This review will contain some spoilers. This is your warning.I'll start with the story.I honestly don't know what to say about it. It had an overall good vibe to it but sorely lacking. When I finished it, I was left with a lot of questions that the game never really answered. Does Skyler ever get her memeories back? What did she do to get captured? It's hinted that she was stealing something from CRT, but no direct answer is ever given among the narrative and banter between all of the characters.None of this is even addressed in the ending either. Instead they all become friends and its an overall happy ending. Which I don't mind really.With that being said, the story feels absolutely rushed and completely drags down that aspect of the game for me. I'm not looking for a deep compelling narrative but if the story opens up questions like that, it would be nice if they were answered.What about the characters?Skylar falls victim to the unfortunate stereotype of being the slient protagonist with everyone else doing the talking for her. Honestly with a game like this, thats pretty expected at this point and is ok. Arm is the only character I really liked. Didnt need to chime in every 5 seconds and when he did speak, it was for something important. Plux kinda grated on me at first but then grew on me once he had his revelation in the last level. Honestly though, I think the voice actor could have done a better job trying to portray the innocence of the character. I think thats why a lot of others seem to find him so understandably annoying. CRT and Bobwho was really the ARM the whole time???Were ok and didnt really overstay their welcome.Now for the gameplay.I think feel like Skylar moved too slow until I got the jetpack. That boost ability is irresponsibly fast and I love it. It made mobility barely an issue at all except for the few times where I lost control of it and sent Skyler soaring off of a cliff.Controls are mostly tight, and probably a little too responsive at times as I ran into some issues where I tried to boost in one direction and I got sent in almost the opposite direction instead. The time and magnet abilities on the other hand work flawlessly and can be put to use at their near full capacity in every level which is great because the few bits of combat there is in the game can be a quite boring without those to experiment around with. Now if only there were more enemy types to play around with. I think thats the biggest downfall to combat overall. Once you've been to the second level, you've seen them all. Now of course Im probably expecting too much and may be nitpicking at this point but there are definitely some bugs with this game. Nothing gamebreaking but the most prominent one are with collision detection on the environment and camera control. I had a lot of times when I accidentally jumped at a slped wall and got launched off of cliffs. I mentioned earlier in this review that sometimes the controls feel a bit too responsive and the slightest nudge of the control stick would make me fly in the other direction. The camera is ok,My overall opinion?It feels like a glorified tech demo but I enjoyed the experience as a whole. Yooka Laylee seems to be getting the ball rolling on 3D platformers making a comeback and this game will certainly help if it gets more attention. This game has a good base to work with that I wish had been more explored upon here but if it gets a sequel I sincerely hope that everything gets fleshed out. It's one of those games that you have to really be a fan of the genre as a whole to enjoy and amidst its flaws its hard to reccomend it to anyone outside of the genre aside from young kids. I'd rate this at a 6/10"
76561198054410153,Recommended,452540,31953333,Posted: 25 May,all,Manhs,"I havent finished it (i try to find all the animals and stuff) but after 2hours, i must say the game is really neat, a lot of platform in 3D with double jump and some attacks, exactly what i wanted.Even in the past we had some little game who were good and not bugged.If you search a little game to spend some time (but not a lot of time) in a cool 3D world with jumping action and stuff, it's for you, fun, relaxing."
,Recommended,452540,31931612,Posted: 24 May,all,kallepewpew,Really tight controls and incredible music. The artstyle is lovable and well made for both environment and characters. The environments and enemies offer enough variety for the length of the game.  Recommended for platformlovers who wants a slice of indie jak/ratchet.
,Recommended,452540,31928602,Posted: 23 May,all,Tommy Salami,"Love it! Short grate game that reminds me of the games I used to play when I was younger. FFO: Jak & Daxter, Ratchet & Clank, Crash Bandicoot, Spyro, Sly Cooper and Conkers Bad Fur DayPros-----------------------------+ Cartoonish Graphics+ Nice Level Design+ Nostalgic+ Great Gameplay+ Well Optimized+ Great PriceCons----------------- No Fully Animated Cut Scenes- Too Easy- Too ShortOverall this game is a solid 8/10 Great for casual gamers who want that nostalgic gaming feel."
,Recommended,452540,31959301,Posted: 25 May,all,Byron,"Very good game - especially for the price. Reminds me so much of ratchet and clank and plays just as well. If I have any critisisms it is that the checkpoints can be a bit too far out sometimes, so a slight mistake can take you very far back in the game.Performance-wise it runs really well on my GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro laptop, remaining around 120fps in 1080p at full settings most of the time and it can look really great thanks to really good artwork."
