user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,452510,32395336,Posted: 13 June,all,CULT|icycalm,"Super-fast, good-looking, with a varied roster and solid netcode. And all that without even installing a rootkit on your a**.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html"
76561198119501258,Recommended,452510,24286540,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Salvatration on Twitter,"Edit for new players: There are next to no new players. You will be absolutely dominated and unable to learn. Read, *unable.* Unless you have some friends to play and learn with, you won't have fun.Plays good, netcode is great, is a great fighting game. Has a ton of content and modes, good character design and sprites, good animation, nothing really to say other than it's a 9/10."
,Recommended,452510,24289727,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,GreatKitsune,"We live in a world where MKX is actively giving the finger to PC players by restricting content to console ports, and SFV is a full gaming package the same way a chicken bone and warm beer is a good lunch. As someone who's been thirsty for a good PC anime fighter since Touhou 12.3, I'm thrilled to see Under Night get ported onto Steam in good condition. Could use some mouse-driven menus and less wonky keyboard controls for said menus (this game works best with a controller, if it needs to be said). Other than that, it's a solid PC port running at 60 FPS at 1080p. You'd be hard pressed to find a machine itdoesn'trun well on.For the uninitiated, this is a 2D fighter featuring 16 different characters, half of whom are in high school as per anime fighter tradition. Don't bother with the story; you don't need to know it. You just want to see gigantic lizards being summoned out of books by a glasses-wearing hipster, whirling blood scythes of doom controlled by a maniac who forgot to take out his Tokyo Ghoul contacts, and of course, very large swords being wielded by very pretty ladies with very large...erm...assets. Controls are tight and responsive for the most part (although F,D,DF is not an easy input for anybody), combat is satisfying and tense, and so far I've had a blast playing this game.If you have a thing for flashy and engaging combat, but also don't want to put up with any of the recent AAA fighters' shenanigans, give this game a bash. If you are an MKX or SFV fan, pick this up anyways. A very solid investment at $30"
,Recommended,452510,33067246,Posted: 30 June,all,Diebuster,"I feared this game would be a impenetrable given the rather niche & very nerdy target audience of French Bread doujin games, but it's actually quite friendly for a fighting game casual baby such as myself. I'm someone who's only ever played Street Fighter semi-seriously nearly a decade ago, and who enjoys King of Fighters despite being pathetically awful at it, yet I found it quite easy to jump in. The more unique mechanical aspects of this game, such as the GRD bar that assigns mid-battle power-ups to players based on combat performance, don't create a huge inaccessibility wall - they're a ""simple to understand, hard to master"" kind of thing. GRD even works in conjunction with the normal special bars present in most other fighters, adding an extra layer of strategy. There is far less to take in before you can properly get started when compared to something like King of Fighters, with its many dashes and dodges; it's more akin to Street Fighter in that regard and it should be easier to get your normie friends to play.Sadly, the lack of an in-game tutorial is definitely a flaw, especially since the online video tutorial is Japanese-only and the fan-made translation is not perfect, along with the tutorial itself leaving some thinsg out. Nonetheless, it's the best you have. Since I still recommend this game despite this glaring flaw, I will instruct you on how to get the best out of said tutorial. Simply search ""Under Night In-Birth Exe Late: Basic System & Mechanics Tutorial"" on Youtube and watch both videos while keeping these things in mind: ""blocking hitstun"" is a strange choice of words, as it simply means ""in the process of being attacked while blocking"". The numbered inputs such as ""1/4/7"" refer to numpad directions, so simply look at the right side of your keyboard. KD simply means ""knockdown"". ""Tech"" means escaping from a combo by pressing A, B or C and a direction. Force function is B+C.Netplay is hit-or-miss. Sometimes you'll easily find people to play with, sometimes not so much. I recommend finding at least one friend willing to play with you regularly before buying. Though to be fair, there is still an aspect of online competition even when playing against the computer - in the form of time attack mode, survival mode and whatnot.Visually, the game's definitely more good than bad. Some of the character designs have a sort of visual novel blandness to them, lacking the unique appeal of the super-iconically designed Capcom & SNK fighters (or at least strong influences; Street Fighter borrowed a lot from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure after all), but they're definitely not tasteless and the stand-out characters are super appealing; my favorites by far being Merkava, an Evangelion Unit 01-like monstrosity with shape-shifting powers and fittingly beastly attacks and animations, and the obviously Cyborg 009-influenced Akatsuki, cameo-ing from the game Akatsuki Blitzkrampf. The animations, though, are where the game shines from a visual perspective. They might not be as mind-blowing as the stuff you'll find in games like Darkstalkers or Garou: Mark of the Wolves, but they're still quite impressive. Even looking at Merkava's idle animations should be enough, with his hyper-fluid and organic breathing animation and his ethereal flowing hair both resembling something out of an anime with particularly high production values.The Infinite Worth animations are suitably over the top, yet they go beyond mere serviceability with a really cool detail that goes a long way; they are punctuated with brief, snappy, yet fully-animated sequences taking up the entire screen vertically. It's a great way of adding cinematic flair to a game without sacrificing gameplay.The music hasn't hugely grabbed me, but it definitely adds to the overall cool feeling of the experience.Overall a fun game, well worth the 7,27€ I paid for it. If you're not reading this review during a sale, then just give it a shot and see if you like it."
,Recommended,452510,24287340,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Axem,The netcode is playable
,Recommended,452510,24318156,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Uncolored Spoon,Now I can main Sion in 2 games!!!
,Recommended,452510,25659542,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,"""Don't blame me, I voted 4 gary""","Doesn't install a rootkit, better than SFV."
76561197966207787,Recommended,452510,33327634,Posted: 6 July,all,奶小的姑娘,"This game is great, but I feel that the whole French Bread team has been on holiday since the initial release of ST two f*king years ago.We need ST on steam, come on French Bread, do it before the community is dead."
,Recommended,452510,24491984,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,UnKnown_Drive,"Pros (Ranked in terms of strength):#1. The game's art style and aesthetics are amazing. One of French Bread's main goals with UNIB was definitely style, and they succeeded undoubtedly. Compared to most anime fighters, it's simple, yet very sleek. As the title suggests, UNIB's world is in a state of seemingly perpetual nighttime, yet the designers kept the lighting strong with bright moonlight and cool color tones, all contrasted with hard strikes of red throughout. UNIB also aims for a ""modern fantasy"" look, which it does very well, making its universe fit snug into the look of the new millennium. It may not be as beautiful as Guilty Gear Xrd's spot-on anime cell shading, nor as complex and excruciatingly detailed as BlazBlue, but its looks send a strong message regardless, so maybe it doesn't need it in the end.#2: The fighting system is very solid, appearing quite accessible and easy to learn at first, but it masks much deeper systems for more hardcore players to sink their teeth into, as any good fighter does. While things like long, hard-to-execute combos and deceptive mixups and setups are apparent, UNIB's main focus seems to be poured into the neutral game, encouraging the player to get better at being patient, finding openings, and making the opponent respect you. No fighting game is ever easy, and those who say they are are lying to your face, but UNIB is likely one of the more accessible fighters out on the market.#3. The game's unique ""GRID"" system is something I haven't encountered before, but it offers a new level of gameplay to the table, and enforces the points I made in Pro #2. Put very simply, it's a tug-of-war mechanic between you and your opponent, plainly telling you who has the advantage and disadvantage in the fight, and rewarding the one who can keep up the advantage. It rewards and punishes you for doing various actions both offensively and defensively, playing into UNIB's encouragement of learning the neutral game. You are free to ignore the GRID system and play how you like, but considering it can give you buffs such as a straight damage increase, as well as the ability to instantly cancel practically anything for both offensive and defensive reasons, you might as well learn it.#4. What UNIB lacks in character quantity, it makes up for in quality. Everyone in the cast plays differently and has their own systems to learn. Of course some characters are easier to learn than others, but that doesn't make trying out the more complicated ones any less fun. The characters' looks and personalities are also diverse, while simultaneously fitting into the game's world. Want to feel like a boss? Pick up Gordeau or Linne. Prefer the edgier types? Try Seth or Carmine. Don't like being human? Merkava's right there. Not interested in UNIB's main cast at all? Mess with Eltnum or Akatsuki, the guest characters.#5. The soundtrack is pretty good. Excluding a few tracks, I have heard better, but all the songs fit the game's universe and characters quite well. If you like rock, electronica, piano tunes, and/or a mixture of the three, you'll enjoy this soundtrack. If you like anime soundtracks in general, you might just have to add this one to your collection. I can see the potential of the game's music really coming into its own in future installments, especially from what I'm hearing in the series' latest iteration, Late[st].Cons (Ranked in terms of woe):#1. The online netcode can be choppy and inconsistent. While actual matches rarely ever lag, I've had trouble connecting to some player lobbies, as well as instances where everyone would suddenly disconnect from the lobby, leaving the host alone. It's certainly not the worst netcode out there, and you can chalk up most of the netcode problems to usual stuff like distance lag or computer performance, but the game could use a few more patches to refine it and make things more stable.#2. UNIB is an anime fighter, and not the most popular anime fighter out there, so don't expect a 24/7 steady flow of player lobbies and ranked matches. The game is ~4 years old if you count arcade releases, but only ~2 years old in terms of mainstream console releases. UNIB as a whole is still a budding flower in a land of old, experienced veterans, so the population surrounding the game is still gaining traction. Some people are fine with that and like growing along with a series, but for those who want a large community to jump into, you'll struggle a bit. You can take comfort in the fact that what community is here is largely friendly and helpful, however.#3. There is no in-game formal tutorial to teach you the in-and-outs of the game's mechanics. The available practice mode is rather extensive and customizable, but there's nothing to directly tell you how something works, something that BlazBlue and Guilty Gear Xrd have an edge over UNIB about. A bit of Googling and reading/watching, or consulting someone who's knowledgeable of the game, will fix that issue pretty fast, but for those spoiled by the recent inclusion of extensive tutorials in more popular fighters nowadays, this might prove as a minor annoyance for them.#4. It's not immediately obvious, but the game's character balance in this edition of the UNIB series is a bit polarized. Nothing broken by any means, but some characters struggle to be a huge threat in a match, and others dominate the tiers with an iron fist. Characters like Gordeau, Merkava, and Waldstein will have players rubbing their temples in frustration trying to figure out how to get past their amazing tools, and characters like Seth, Chaos, and Akatsuki are a game in of themselves in optimizing their effectiveness. It's not the worst and most confusing balancing out there, though, and you can learn how to handle anyone with time and effort. It's just more of a struggle compared to the balance of UNIB's latest edition, Late[st], which is arcade-exclusive currently.#5. For those wishing to seek good stories in fighting games, well... 1. You're a trooper, and 2. UNIB's story can be hard to get into without a wiki handy. There isn't really a gradual introduction into the game's universe and terminology, and while playing through every character's arcade path can give you a better idea of what's going on, you might be left wondering what the heck you're reading initially. When you do understand, though, the story is actually pretty interesting, and has a lot of potential. What's currently here in UNIEL offers more of an establishment of setting and characters, and leaves a lot of the bigger plot points, backstories, and developments in mystery.There's some other minors things I could praise or gripe about, but this should cover the main points of interest. Plus I believe I've gone on long enough, lol. Personally, I'm making this game one of my main fighters along with Tekken, just because there's so much this game has that appeals to me. I highly recommend that you at least give this a try, whether you do or don't like fighters, and I'm very eager to see the future developments of this series."
76561198009908108,Recommended,452510,24287022,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JSlusher,"This port seems well done as I played around with it for a little while. The menu is smooth and responsive. While fighting in matches, there is no delay, lag or input lag. I played a few matches online to test the netplay and it was pretty good. This game easily detects keyboard and controller with no flaws (seamlessly even). It also easily alt-tabs while in full screen mode and allows resolutions of up to 1920x1080 like most standard games."
,Recommended,452510,30092526,Posted: 21 February,all,Timmers,I Need Friends
,Recommended,452510,24286902,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Akayoru,Well made port with no apparent multiplayer isssues.
76561198272075012,Recommended,452510,30914634,Posted: 2 April,all,Tomato__,Melty Blood but Guilty Gear
,Recommended,452510,29928658,Posted: 14 February,all,Sable Wolf,The most balanced fighting game no one will ever play.
76561198002294143,Recommended,452510,32741675,Posted: 24 June,all,~II~ Accelcool~,"Great animation, cool characters, very responsive controls compared to most other brawlers. If you love fighting games be sure to add this to your collection."
76561198094491423,Recommended,452510,24326810,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ZDH513,A very good FG i hope you all support itPros- Has a diverse roster- Netcode is decent which says a lot cause of how other games are- Music is all around great- Stages look beautiful- Additional colors are free (No DLC)- Universal Mechanics favor defense over offense (yes thats a good thing)Cons- Some player are way ahead of the game (been out in PS3 for a long time)- If you don't practice you will not have as much fun- Finding players is hard because many don't want to lose so make friends- Some characters naturally have a hard time (Chaos)Overall: i think this game is great and you should try it out of you are into FGs. If you are not try to make some friends IRL that want to get into it and start with them and play with them. It will make the experience that much more enjoyable.
,Recommended,452510,24376455,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,P-Scarlet,merkava is cutenanase is one of the worst characters in the fighting game history design-wise and her theme is so bad that it has damaged my brain so i can't even write the capital letters anymorereplace nanase with robo merkava please
,Recommended,452510,24288905,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NEO! | sonicbhoc,"Better than I remember it on PS3. Before I lost my game disc, that is.Fighting is extremely fluid. The game is easy to learn, but hard to master. Complex system mechanics and lots of meter management await for those who want to dive deep.The cast is varied. No two characters play alike. Or look alike. No clones in this fighting game.The game is easy on the eyes. Buttery-smooth 60FPS spritework, hand-drawn goodness. Of course, that comes with a downside. Anything above 1080p is scaled; nobody is going to re-draw complex sprite-based animations for every resolution under the sun.Colors and effects are nice and popping, interface is pretty clean, and the game lets you know if you performed a combo that isn't a true combo - great for newbies to know what's techable and what could potentially be punished if their opponent catches on.If this is your first fighting game, it's not a bad choice, but the games Arc System Works actually developed (not just published like this one) and Skullgirls all have very in-depth tutorials for complete fighting game newbies to learn basics that are not only useful in the game they're in, but in every fighting game.Finally, if you want a community, check out the discord chat.https://discord.gg/tEbWk3Z"
76561198132670253,Recommended,452510,30931891,Posted: 3 April,all,EoniAno,"Melty Blood mixed with Persona 4 Arena.Pro.1.Decent and in-depth system, innovative Grid mechanism(shared/competitive offence/defence resource in a ftg? Interesting)2.Fast paced, engaging combat. Easy-to-learn combos, hard-to-master characters. Solid gameplay inherited from MBAACC(and improved).3.Cute/CoolCharacter design,  art and music are both properly delivered in an anime style.4.LinneCon.1.Already dead community, almost impossible to find anyone to play with(tested for 3 hrs EST Sat. from 10:am-1:pm, only 1 guy showed up and disconnected due to bad netcode)2.New version will be released this summer,Under Night in-Birth Exe:Late St TrailerEDIT: Officials published their 2nd PV,link here. They add a tutorial and combo challenge mode for each character, hopefully there will also be a real 'story mode' this time.3.Story is on the weaker side. You will find more intel on the wiki site than in actual game(arcade-like, few sentences with certain character every other 2-3 random fight).4.30 bucks kinda expensive for its current state.Recommend for the quality of this game, do not recommend for buying it now. Buy on sale or wait for the new entry.8.75/10Some useful links:mizuumi wikiMatch Video DatabasePlayer Database(I won't be playing it after finishing all achievements so don't count me lmao)Japanese Video DatabaseLate[st] wikia法式面包和ASW合作以后，预告片都洋气了不少23333，挺喜欢这种中规中矩的人设，又有点狂气和酷酷的感觉。非常容易上手同时又比较有深度的air dasher/anime ftg，节奏适中，家用机最新作st今年夏季发布哦。目前版本并不推荐购买，如果有夏促40%+折扣可以考虑。P.S今年E3之后，DragonBall FighterZ龙珠格斗Z关注度蹭蹭的往上涨，希望ASW社借这个作品继续开拓欧美市场，坐稳格斗界一哥的宝座！Pia!(ｏ ‵-′)ノ”(ノ﹏<。)P.S.S DBFZ&&BBCTB, Capcom is official dead. All hail to our new king: ARC SYSTEM WORKS!!"
,Recommended,452510,24619200,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Airiel,"Beautiful sprite work accompanied with some of the smoothest 2D animations and crunchy special effects I've seen makes this game a truly visual marvel. Sound effects and music are some of the most catchy and pumped I've heard in a long time, you can see there was a lot of love and care put into this. The game is easy to pick up for any newcomer and it also has enough depth to keep a veteran of the genre happy. I would definitely reccomend anyone who loves fighting games and wants something really fun to pick up and smash combos and see all the explosions and chain combos than they can pull of.  It's also a fantastic game to play with friends and the PC version runs super smooth with no problems!"
,Recommended,452510,33788202,Posted: 25 July,all,NAP | The Twisted M I X X,"TL;DR: Like Streetfighter but faster and anime. Good time killer until better version UNIST arrives in NA within this year. Buy on sale and play with friends for a good time.I got this game on a whim and while riding a hype train with some friends. Ignored it for about a year anf came back to it and loved it. The community discord is fantastic, with channels for every character and people always willing to help. You'll find the link to it on the discussion page.Now the best way to describe this game (I've used this comparison multiple times and people like it) is that it's Streetfighter, but faster, anime, and has a reward for not being overly defensive. It's kind of Unbalanced though. But it's still a really fun game to play with friends, and with it's sequel UNIST coming to North America within the year (already out in Japan) and being the actually really well balanced version of this game, UNIEL is a good way to dip your toes in to see if you like the overall style. It's a little confusing at first, but look up some tutorials on Youtube and you'll understand it all. Get it on sale for sure."
,Recommended,452510,30902839,Posted: 2 April,all,JM_Morals,"Ok, so this game may be almost dead (I hope not), but regardless, I'm loving the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game.  This game somewhat seems like a standard anime fighter, with just a smaller cast than some of the bigger titles like Guilty Gear or BlazBlue, but it's definitely unique.  This game's unique feature is the ""Grind Grid"" system, or GRD for short.  It's a mechanic in which both players have access to, but will give an advantage to those who play more offensively, or whose defense outperforms the one on the offensive.  It also discourages overtly unsafe or campy play, so having your throw attempts rejected, backdashing constantly, and having your blockstrings blocked with the barrier lowers your GRD meter.  In short, the GRD system is basically a carry/comeback mechanic, as it can benefit honest, safe offense or defense.Moving from the gameplay for a bit, the art is amazing, as is with most ASW games, with the usual cast of characters in most anime fighting games: you have your sword-wielding edgy main protagonist, your battle loli who's actually a couple hundred years old, your giant-fist sporting behemoth of a character that moves and hits like a bag of bricks, your bishie-looking a$$hole, and you have your genki-as-♥♥♥♥ female character with the annoying voice.  The game even has two guest characters from two other games made by French Bread (the developers of this game): Sion Eltnam from Melty Blood (some say its a different character entirely cuz the name is spelled Eltnum, but you ain't fooling me, French Bread), and Akatsuki from Akatsuki Blitzkampf.  While you have your usual tropes, there are some characters that definitely break the usual mold, such as a mage teen with a giant♥♥♥♥♥lizard at his disposal and a giant being that to me looks like a fusion between Susaan'o from BlazBlue and Twelve from Street Fighter.  There are also some characters that definitely have movesets similar to characters from other ASW games, such as the blood-controlling Carmine, who has some fullscreen bullcrap that he uses to space much like Yuki Terumi, and Orie, who looks like Mitsuru and literally has a Persona/Stand (which ever you prefer lol).  The roster is small, but fortunately, there's no two characters that have similar properties to another.As for my impressions when playing, the game plays wonderfully.  A new player can feel safe knowing that mashing standing weak can literally do an auto-combo, but veterans can feel good knowing that there are more options beyond standing weak for combos lol.  The combo system is similar to BlazBlue, allowing for OTG resets that, from what I've played so far, most characters can do, like Hyde (the main protagonist) when using 3C, and relies on a combo meter that, upon depletion, allows the combo victim to ukemi, or 'tech,' out of the combo state.  Each character has their own unique command normals, some can double jump, some can't, and only a few (Eltnum and Akatsuki, from what I remember) can air grab.  As such, you won't have to worry about anyone being a clone of another character in the roster, and can find a variety of playstyles to choose from.However, I do have a couple of discrepancies.  For one, this game has a very small, but dedicated and helpful community, but if you want to find matches, I'd suggest going to the UNiEL discord server.  You'll find a lot of resources and helpful people on your journey to advance your skill.  Secondly, the price tag of this game is a bit much, so unless you really want a change of pace, I'd wait for it to go on sale.  Finally, the game lacks a tutorial mode, so if you want to learn the game, again, check out the UNiEL discord or go to the Mizuumi Wiki to check on the game's mechanics.All in all, Under Night In-Birth Exe:Late is a great game, good for newcomers and veterans alike, and is definitely worth a look. 9.25/10"
,Recommended,452510,24346822,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mebbles,"Interesting and balanced characters, solid netplay, and easy to learn (it even has a neat combo when you mash the light attack button). The game has nice visuals, too; great and bright projectiles and moves. It's such a blast! I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,452510,30723037,Posted: 25 March,all,Banchito,"When's UNIST so I can play Akatsuki with more confidence and still get blown up.(It's a great game, I just suck)"
,Recommended,452510,24403446,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Gawain,"This is the best fighting game out right now, hands down. The characters are varied, the balance is pretty decent for the most part, it has a really interesting mechanic in the grid system and it's actually one of the easier fighting games out there to get into. Unlike similarly styled games like Guilty Gear or Blazblue, UNIEL is more footsies and ground oriented, making the neutral pace a lot easier to digest for people coming from something like Street Fighter or no fighting games at all.The animations are great, the music is awesome, this game is just great. I've been playing this game a lot on the PS3 and I got it on the PC just to support the new community, its just that good. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,452510,24418873,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,UserUnknown,A near-flawless port of a very solid anime fighting game. Great fighting system.
,Recommended,452510,24307819,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AstralWolf,"This is a proper fighting game.Fun characters, tons of variations in moves.Multiplayer actually doesn't crash or lag.What a proper fighting game on PC should look like!"
,Recommended,452510,24397208,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bart,"Clean sprite work and artstyle, few mechanics that are mainly passive but become more prevalent at higher levels of play, combos are straightforward. 16 vibrant characters with varying degrees of personality flavor on them. Waifu potential is there, ranging from some maid with a Persona, to a tsundere school girl with a wind sword.Very, very solid anime fighting game published by Arc System Works, the minds behind the Blazblue and Guilty Gear series. Of course, in ASW fashion, there is a sequel ANNOUNCED but there have been no news on it since its announcement in 2015 to my knowledge, so it's safe to buy it now and not regret it when an inevitable sequel comes out.I would recommend buying it IF you have friends willing to play alongside you, as most of the online community is non-existant or have been playing since the ps3 launch. 30 dollars is a hefty price (Steam game wise) for just a try-it-once game."
,Recommended,452510,34727721,Posted: 3 September,all,""" ソレント """,Sugoi !!
76561198100024956,Recommended,452510,24396994,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Lord Baller,"This game impressed me with it's slick combos, unique characters, and overall fun and fast-paced fights. Though I usually find particular characters are more fun than the rest in fighting games, just about each character is fun to play in their own right and has their own distinct flavor.Definitely one to check out if you want to add a polished fighter to your library."
76561198064815628,Recommended,452510,24298105,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GR Shin Akira,Under Night In-Birth Exe:Late. Or Uniel for short. a 2-d anime fighter made by French Bread of Melty Blood fame. this game is a really solid anime fighter that concentrates more on the ground game unlike the anime fighting games where air dashing is a relevent thing for pressure. so if you are looking for a game slower then games like guilty ger and blazblue but faster then street fighter. this is the fighting game for you. i played the crap out of the ps3 port and i shall be playing a lot of this port.Pros+character variety+easy to pick up+good amount of single player game content+pretty good netcodeCons- No tutorial or trial modes to teach you the basics- arcade mode/ story mode has no context.- balence. its pretty balenced but the top 3 are really good. you can still win the match ups but its just uphill
76561198088777022,Recommended,452510,34410998,Posted: 22 August,all,Final Freefall,"Okay,This is a good game.The combat is swift and fluid, the character designs are fantastic, and there are a half-dozen little things that signal a departure from normal fighters and the creation of something else.This is new, this is different.  And it's FUN.Try it out."
76561198151444895,Recommended,452510,24307698,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lilpoetboy,"Smooth gameplay.  If you are a fan of anime fighters, definitely should pick this game up. I have 0 issues with the net code. Love the variety of characters. Easy to pick up and play. Crazy combos or not. Beautiful art.  I got what i paid for."
76561198160868511,Recommended,452510,26379665,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An excellent fighting games with mechanics very similar to the ones seen in Persona 4 Arena and Persona 4 Arena Ultimax,much like those 2 games UNDER NIGHT IN-BIRTH Exe:Late is very friendly toward newcomers but it also has all the depth needed to satisfy hardcore fighting games enthusiasts as well as a large rooster of characters,on the technical side of things the game shines thanks to gorgeous stages,extremely detailed HD character sprites and fluid animations and the sondtrack is very good as well.Every aspect of this game is top notch and due to it's controls i can raccomand it to both veterans and neophites of the fighting game genre."
,Recommended,452510,24288876,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,「Blanc」,"Cool new fighting game here~(That really rare event on pc)~Very beautiful backgrounds in 3d style;~Music is cool, but not that cool as in BlazBlue series(my opinion :3);~Characters... lovely sprites with pretty animation;~And they all absolutely different in combat style;~Story, its a little intriguing... I think(In fact, I just don't understand much of it. Desu~ ^^"");~Much customization with colours, titles etc;~Vatista onelove <3;Ow, also netcode is great, as I can see with my low~level skills >.<So, its really wonderful game.9 battle lolies of 10."
,Recommended,452510,24288549,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Asymphonic,"Alright so First impressions. Bear in mind I havent played online yet so I cannot say much about the netcode or weather its good or bad so here it goes.*draws breath*Undernight In-birth exe:late is a anime hyper fighter much in the vein of Blazblue or guilty gear. what sets it apart to me is its barrier of entry... that being its signifigantly lower If you cant ""do combo"" fear not, each character has one backed in you can do simply by mashing light attack. its a 4 button fighter with the 4th being a general purpose button for what seems to be a faultless defence, a hop a throw and your super. there is ALOT riding on that button and for someone spending most of his time playing 6 button fighters on an 8 button fightstick this kinda bugs me. On screen it looked like I was doing some pretty impressive stuff but it felt like I was just button mashing.Character design is very anime without being too cliche and music is alright though the track loops a little too quickly and can get pretty repetitive before long. Controller support is nice as are animation and backgroundsI doubt it will replace Games like Guilty gear for me but overall its a pretty good get for the collection."
,Recommended,452510,34342629,Posted: 18 August,all,Gamnic,Broken grapplers? Sign me up. Also fix your ♥♥♥♥ing netcode.
76561198086758882,Recommended,452510,24311753,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Zappieroth132,Ussually I kinda suck at 2D fighters but somehow I actually seem to be doing quite well.Played Online a little bit normally I would be pummeled to death but in this game I actually stand a fighting chance :DWhich makes me very happy.Movements/attacks are pretty dope and every hit feels very satisfying.I think ill be playing this game alot more then I expected I would :)I would very much recommend this game to anyone that is either anime fan or fighter fan.. or both :PIt is very easy to pick up specials maybe not so much but with a little practice I don't think it would be that hard :)
,Recommended,452510,24328570,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Crungleberry,Parking Lot Grand Finals when...?
,Recommended,452510,24452958,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Blast,GURIMU RIPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198035720538,Recommended,452510,24287806,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,lreaper9,"Online plays smoothly, Merkava omnom-ing on my face, all is well in my world.  But seriously, having a blast with this game :)  Game runs smoothly, controls great.  Was worth the wait ever since I saw its first beta footage of Hyde vs Linne with the hype announcer-COUNTERFirst Clause- DIVIDE"
,Recommended,452510,31267359,Posted: 20 April,all,Kurushii Drive,"Under Night In-Birth is a fighting game that has lots of potential to become good in the future if more is put into it to improve the game (and I am already aware that UNIst fixes most of the issues I mention in this review, so calm down, take a deep breath, and brace yourselves for a comprehensive review).First of all, the game system is one of the most outstanding I have ever seen (next to that of KOF XIII, and probably Xrd R's system after that). Incorporating a tug-of-war-like momentum gauge that physically rewards the player in favour? Genius. Now, of course, that's not to say that no other fighting game has something like it. After all, all do in the form of the classic 'super gauge', but that momentum is in the form of theoretical rewards, since the super gauge must be expended in order to be capitalised on, whereas UNIEL's Grind Grid (a.k.a. GRD) buffs automatically the player who has the momentum according to the games' rules.Other areas in which the game excels are in its relatively less challenging skill caliber requirement for players new to anime fighting games (or even fighting games in general), and the fact that although impractical, extremely-situational high damage combos exist, the game will not restrict your combos (unlike BBCPE) yet you won't die in one combo, and nearly all of them end in a knockdown. Also, the move (not movement) animations of each character reveal their personas exceptionally, in a way that I have rarely seen in fighting games (most of the time it is revealed only in their movement or idle animations).Some notably good things about the game that aren't necessarily exceptional is the fact that there is a story that is not difficult to follow (and has its dedicated mode, too) and that there are more modes than just Training, Arcade, and Versus modes. I don't like that there isn't a depthful tutorial for this great game so that new entries into the FG scene can be enlightened and encouraged from square one. However, at least there are brief yet comprehensive official tutorials (that are in Japanese! D'x ) for each character on YouTube (and one YouTuber has even subbed most of them for English speakers) and should help with at least learning a character of the player's choice, though the system is not explained well enough in those tutorials, so third-party wikis are almost necessary to fully grasp the game mechanics.Now, the reason why this game won't be earning the highest mark overall has most to do with both the balancing of the characters (i.e., the meta). I am very fond of games that have a small meta, since it makes it easier to learn all of the matchups (and Xrd R has done this perfectly), but in this case the curve is insanely skewed. Really the only characters seen in the competitive scene on a regular basis are Merkava, Gordeau, Eltnum, Waldstein, Linne (and the occasional troll Akatsuki), all five of which are the top five best characters in the game by overall favourable matchups (according to EventHubs; though my opinion closely matches theirs). Merkava, Gordeau, and Waldstein all have ridiculously long reach, which requires extreme patience, composure, and discipline to work around. This, and the fact that consoles/PC haven't yet received a port for the newest version, are some of the reasons why this game has not received its deserved acclaim in the competitive FGC.There is also the overpowered-ness of some characters over others (yes, and I am legitimised in using this word, even though OP is overused, typically by novice players). The rule of thumb in this game is that characters with absolutely poor range (like Nanase and Orie) are almost 92% guaranteed to be bodied by characters who either are zoners (like Hilda or Vatista) or have stupid reach (like Gordeau and Merkava). Some trolls online will abuse this rule to keep you out and frustrate you; if you don't enjoy this idea, then either don't play online or reconsider whether this is a good buy (or if you're looking at your computer reading this review and see that I am enjoying this abuse of parentheses, you can either endure through it to the end or I suppose you can downvote this review; though I'm sure that if you've been reading this far you have found it to be at least a little helpful c; ). Fixing this, however, is as simple as resizing the hurtboxes of moves that make this rule law and releasing another version, which I'm sure the company will do if there is enough support. Either way, this is one of the main reasons that the curve is so skewed. And also: putting a shoto-clone character in an anime fighting game? That's like a day-one no-no (this is a note to French Bread to buff Akatsuki, which I hear has already happened in UNIst; please port this game to console/PC).TL;DR (yeah, I had to use this for once)Pros:- Unique and exceptional game system- Easy-to-follow storyline with a story mode in visual-novel format- More offline content than just the classic three (Training, Arcade, and Versus)- Intricate character-defining move animations (something I rarely see in fighting games)- Great entryway for novice fighting gamers looking to have their first exposure to one (Smart Steer auto combo by pressing A seven times, freeflow gatlings, etc.)- Has a combo system that allows for freedom without having the traditionally long combos of most anime FGs- Low skill ceiling compared to mainstream FGs (SF, GG, etc.)- Small metaCons:- Unbalanced- No tutorial mode- Some anime fluff (i.e., fanservice)- So-so netcode- Small metaOverall: 8.8/10 (I'm rating it higher than I would otherwise because of UNIst's improvements from this version, UNIEL)*EDIT* (20.04.17; time 20:04) - after posting this review, I was looking through UNIEL's discussion forums here on Steam and saw the discussion about UNIst's confirmed forthcoming port to consoles (along with a tutorial mode 0_0). If this excites you, you can brace yourself for the new release along with its proposed improvements, and delay buying this version. Otherwise...well, I don't know what else to say...this is a great game nevertheless."
,Recommended,452510,33248447,Posted: 4 July,all,BAKA Ruiner,"Kay, so, the title is very long and very silly. It's sort of... uh... Relevant, at least.So this is another one of those games like BlazBlue that just starts off at a full sprint and if you don't know what's going on you're just kind of looking back and forth going ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is going on?!"" but this is the first game in the series, you're not missing anything. You have to play through it a few times to figure out the whole thing, but essentially we're in Japan (in actual locations I believe) and occasionally, like Japan does, big holes to another reality open up and horrible monsters from nothingness come out and try to eat you. Most of the time people can't even see them, but people that do USUALLY go nuts or get murdered. This is being in the ""Hollow Night."" So that's the 'Under Night' part of the title.There ARE people that see these creatures and actually survive ""Nights."" Those that do get special powers, but also get thrown into a sort of not-life not-death that screws with them from that point onward. Those are In-Births. They're mostly the main characters of the story.Why Exe:Late? I dunno. Probably for the same reason that Guilty Gear has 'Xrd' tacked on to it now. Or maybe it has a reason and I haven't found it yet.Either way, the actual fight mechanics are pretty fun, I get a lot of flashbacks to my time with a janked copy of Melty Blood (no not the one in the steam library right now) but it definitely has a Guilty Gear feel as well, similar to BlazBlue, but rather than everyone having a weird super mechanic or meter they're all defined by style and a funny system called Grid Grind which punishes defensive behavior and rewards attack gambles for extra super gauge and easier to access combos.Either way, real neat fighter!"
,Recommended,452510,31480210,Posted: 30 April,all,Kianfox,THIS GAME IS AN AMAZING FIGHTING GAMEONE OF THE BEST EVER MADENEEDS MORE PLAYERSNERF GORDEAU
,Recommended,452510,28742307,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Da Killah Genius,"Like Melty Bloodits extremely unique and fascinating for a fighting game.  The big difference is, Under Night has more game modes, special guest appearance by Sion from Melty Blood.  The Visuals, effects and animation is really raw & intense.  I love arcade fighting games.My Rating = 10 outta 10"
76561198046483845,Recommended,452510,33741658,Posted: 23 July,all,The nameless Commander,"First thing first: This is a very under-appreciated game.Gameplay-wise, it is one of the friendlier fighters to start with. Simple controls and inputs make crossing the initial execution barrier fairly easy. Even a new player should be able to get the basics down in one to two training sessions. There's even a built-in ""smart-steer"" combo (pushing the A-button repeatedly), but it is wise to graduate from that ASAP if your plan is to play this game competitively as without option-selecting, your offense will be completely ineffective.For any gameplay past beginner-level, learning about spacing and mix-ups is crutial. Damage is generally dealt in combos, so that would be the next game element in the priority order. The execution barrier for them differs from character to character, but effort is far more often than not rewarded.Visually, the game is pretty to look at. The visual aspect is rooted in the anime style, reflected in the vibrant colours, smooth animation and pleasant sprite-art. It's definitely not breathtaking but should appease anyone who doesn't have exquisite standards.The soundtrack doesn't fall behind. The themes are composed to fit the characters, and they do a pretty good job.A few warnings... The lack of a tutorial makes the entry a bit harder than it should. In order to learn all the uses of the D button, one has to either go through trial and error or consult an external source. If nothing else, the game already has a wiki in english, containing sufficient information on the gameplay basics so the player won't feel completely lost at the start.Much like many other games in the 2D fighting genre, Under Night in-Birth is easy to learn but hard to master. If you want to be any good at it, you'll need to put in some effort.FInal verdict: 8.7/10"
76561198029188937,Recommended,452510,24305205,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Beat[INTHERE]roll,"Absolutely lovely fighting game with an absurd learning-curve, but if you can overcome that it's probably the best anime-fighter title available on Steam at the moment. Runs very smoothly with exceptional netplay to boot. The only thing to worry about is that playing on keyboard is an absolute nightmare at the moment since it defaults to the wonky controller setup for menu navigation, and the arrow keys aren't recognizable when trying to re-map the in-game controls. I'm a left-handed keyboard player, so I had to map the movement keys to O, K, L, and :, and the buttons to Q, W, E, 1, and 3 as to not overlap with the default W, A, S, D that you're forced to use in the menu. If you don't play on keyboard (which you probably don't) none of these problems exist. Either way, I was very suprised and happy to see UNIEL released on steam, and I would undoubtedly recommend supporting these anime-fighter steam ports."
,Recommended,452510,24289519,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Darius,"One of the most underrated fighting games in my opinion. Nothing is really outstandingly different from other fighters, but everything feels good and is overall well balanced for low to mid level play (not sure about high level). If anything, this lack of bells and whistles is really what makes this game function so well and creates an easy to learn, difficult to master scenario. Works well with a controller or stick, haven't tried keyboard but I'd assume it works well enough there as well. The characters are all super fun to use and it's hard to pick a main, and even when I lose I still want to keep playing. My hours on here don't reflect my overall play as I've played quite a bit at a friends house on the ps3 version.All in all, if you're interested in a solid fighter that's fun to play, this is a great choice."
,Recommended,452510,24288889,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ValkyrieKoji,"Under Night In-Birth ported to Steam?! 2 year old game (4 if you want to count arcades) that was ported to PC by ArcSys. This beautifully anime pixel artstyle fighting game made it's way across Steam/Pc for others to be played. The visuals and colorful aspects of the game would appeal anyone who enjoys good, vibrant art style along with flashy effects. The OST is the best in the fighting game genre with it's variety of character's. Different characters to choose from, different stages and modes to play through. You can enjoy various gameplay mode's such as Arcade, Survival, Time Attack, Training and Network! You can also customize your characters by puchasing colors set to your profile, as well as your online Avatar, Title plate, and title! Play in VS, Arcade, or Network to rake IP points to buy all colors! *10 additional colors for every character to purchase in the store*.Under Night in-Birth is my favorite fighting game, however, it is being proclaimed dead by the FGC. It my favorite fighting game, I will give it my honest review for anyone than being biased about their traits.Gameplay (8/10): For those who enjoy fast, chain-combo'ing fighting games, this one's for you! If you've enjoyed Blazblue or any of it's iterations, give this one a shot! Flashy vibrant colors, awesome sound effects, and an enjoyable soundtrack to go through makes this the perfect anime fighting game. Different variety of characters to choose from, all being very distinct to their character and not being copy/pasted. Modes ranging from Arcade, Time attack, Survival, and Network, you can choose to play different types for maximum playthrough.Netcode/Online (8/10): Having played Network as soon as the release, based off the initial Netcode, it is most like the PS3 version of  the game. Rarely any lag spikes, and smooth sailing for your combos.Artstyle (10/10): The game's beautiful!! For being an anime pixel game, you can expect non-boring colors while playing Under Night.Sound/BGM (10/10): Best background music and sound effects in the game. You can expect different style music, and very fitting and distint to one character's personality. Hard to get tired of listening to any of these OST.Offline 1v1 (X/X): Being a port from the PS3, you can safely assume that offline is much better than online. I haven't tried this offline yet, but basing off online you can expect it to be just fine.Now to wait for UNI[st] C:"
,Recommended,452510,24291584,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,KnightSai,I bought this game since Yuzuriha is a guest character in Skullgirls. Then I tried Eltnam. Damn those body slams are awesome. It was worth it.Please play Ranked.
,Recommended,452510,24312175,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Trustfund Nirra,"I remember a good friend of mine telling me to get this game when it was out on PS3, but I never acted on it because I didn't much care for fighting games, then. Buying it now, I kind of regret not getting it back then. It's an extremely well done game, and the port is fantastic. Followed by an amazing soundtrack, which I love as much as Melty Blood's. Definitely worth giving a try."
,Recommended,452510,31273376,Posted: 21 April,all,Gretel Mk Monkey,"One of the best fighting games ever made. Great soundtrack, Akatsuki is the best shoto, music is cool, combos are fun to explore (though some characters' combos last wayyyy tooo long) and the mechanics are interesting. The netcode is also decent for an input delay one. Grim Reaper is also totally fun to deal with as Akatsuki.And yes, this was written so I can ask for Late[st] to come to PC faster than this version. Pls French Bread and ArcSys, release this on PCon 20/7. RIP that wish. At least Enkidu is amazing even on PS4."
76561198036561843,Recommended,452510,31003221,Posted: 7 April,all,Owlflame,"Pretty good. Feels a lot like blazBlue which is fine.Something I dislike a lot is how high you spin out considering the spinout mechanics. Sure, you use it to control where you land so your opponent doesn't have all the control in a dropped combo. I just don't like how it looks. It looks like I should be able to hit a button and come down with an attack, but I can't so I just land like a dufus, usually pressing a button, and get hit for it and back into another combo.I'm also not a fan of the fact that someone who was hard knockdowned has like... I wanna say 2 or 3 frames of invinicibility on wakeup. I get swiped by crouching lights a lot when they get up and I have a hitbox inside of them. Then they get full combo because light naturally auto cancels into mediums and heavies on mash.I like the air dash mechanic. Smart choice to only go forward.I like the character designs.I thought it was funny the way the windmil's story (spoilers btw) was about her being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥she became this demon thing. Even though she looks fine and all she does is talk about it like she was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Though the joke fell seriously flat when she starts going over terms like chastity that aren't synonomous with the demon transformation. Took me out of the joke when they revealed the punchline because misdirection in humor shouldn't be to lie to the audience.I love the variety. Granted, 3 characters feel like copies of eachother, but everyone else has their own look and feel that I really appreciate.It looks nice.The netcode is super duper awesome.It's a very easy game to pick up and get good at (took me about a week to stop losing.)Carmine not being able to do any chip damage with his projectiles bugs me, but I'll get over it unless they wanna fix it. (It doesn't have to be a lot. Just a little bit.)And that's it. I like this game."
76561197970515347,Recommended,452510,30406706,Posted: 9 March,all,Godshand13,Wonderful to play! A must have for any Fighting Game enthusiast.
76561198061636115,Recommended,452510,33063831,Posted: 30 June,all,EL ROD,"Man, this game just feels insanely satisfying to play... great controls, flashy combos, nice soundtrack. Recommended."
,Recommended,452510,24293362,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,OhDatsApplesMate,My favorite rendition of Akatsuki Blitzkampf
76561198042330275,Recommended,452510,24286894,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,iPlay #reborn,Combo City. Tug-O-War. Sign me Up.
,Not Recommended,452510,24317429,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Moonmadness,"Pros:- nice graphics- gameplay is pretty cool, it's less air based than most anime fighters and combos are slightly less overwhelming than usual.- interesting character design- netplay is totally fine for me with no really noticeable input lag or network delay, although many people report issues. I think if you play it on a good PC and against people who aren't on the other side of the world you'll be fine.- if you're into achievements, you can pretty much 100% the game in 8-9 hoursCons:- this is basically a lazy 1:1 port of a PS3 title released 3 years ago and they're asking 30 bucks for it. They even left PS buttons in some menus, come on.- absolute lack of any kind of tutorial inside the game, which is a shame for a relatively technical fighter in 2016.- single player content is much poorer and more boring than in other titles published by ASW.- on day 2 there is already almost no one playing it online whether in ranked or in player matches...- ...and the only opponents you'll find clearly already have a ton of experience in this type of games or even in this game in particular. They won't hesitate to counterpick your character and steamroll you to show that you're not welcome.I'd really like to recommend UNIEL as an introduction to anime fighters, but as it is it can only interest seasoned FG players. If you want more and better SP content as well as flawless netplay (sadly without players), buy Skullgirls. If you're new to fighting games and you wanna play online against a lot of opponents around your level, you'd better pick Street Fighter V which may cost you more but at least won't be dead in a week."
76561198144832612,Recommended,452510,25156164,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[LambOfGod],Pretty Good Game. Wondering if The ST update will come to steam. The only THing id say needs to be worked on is match ranking for beginners although that will fix itself in time.
,Recommended,452510,25002741,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Aestalt,"Loved it! Clean, nice graphics / fast-paced gameplay. A nice game overall, with a funny story."
,Recommended,452510,24460910,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Whiskey & Coke,"This is probably the most fun I had with a fighting game in a long time. Be warned if you are just starting out and don't know already the top three characters in this game outclass certain characters. (I.E. Merkava, Gord are amazing characters) it's a pretty uphill battle but don't make that fact make you stray away from the game, you just have to play A LOT to understand match ups. Not only that the netcode is pretty decent if you're not running on a toaster or a potato but if you are the game itself still runs smooth."
,Recommended,452510,24435871,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Raidhyn,The only thing that's bad about this game is that I don't have enough time to play it.P.S. - Netcode is great if you're wondering.
76561198045160555,Recommended,452510,24463725,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lizardheart,"What do I say about this game? Well, first off, let me preface with: I am not a fan of anime. I am not a fan of anime fighting games. However, I am a fan of fighting games and I always thought this game had some solid mechanics, a diverse roster and was made by French Bread, the company that made the Melty Blood series. I first played this game in a JPN arcade in my travels about 3 years ago now and fell in love with Merkava like, instantly. When I got back home, I found out it had a PS3 release and so, I quickly scooped that up on a JPN PSN account. I got some friends into the game and damn was it fun. Unfortunately, it died out rather quickly on PS3 but I definitely had some good times with it. I had a purple square (the highest player rating) and everything.Fast forward to 2016 and I find out this game is now on steam. With nostalgia in my pocket, I quickly got the game again. The rust is definitely there but I am working out those kinks and am currently up to an orange square (2nd best player rating) and keep on training in this game with little more purpose than the love of the game.So, as you can see, I definitely have a history with UNIB/UNIEL and I have many, many more hours than what my steam says. So, why do I like this game? What do I dislike? Let me make a quick rundown of both:+Pros*Easy to pick up and play. It's very user-friendly if you played fighting games before.*Diverse roster. There aren't any clone characters in the game.*Merkava. My bae. <3*Good netcode... when 2 bars or higher.*High skill ceiling. There's a lot of tech to this game, a lot of which you have to figure out yourself. This promotes the notion of player growth wherein as they get more skilled, they really have something to show for it.*Has an actual story mode... unlike a certain other fighting game that was released this year that didn't get a story mode for several months...-Cons*This game isn't particularly balanced. You will have to work much harder with a low tier character than a top tier one. That being said, there are plenty of viable characters and, as stated before, you can win if you are a skilled player; you just will have to work harder.*When it rains; it pours. This game's netcode, when you're playing against someone with poor ping to you, is reaaally hard to play in. This can be circumvented by only playing people 2+ bars or higher to you though.*Not a large community. Since this game is fairly obscure, there isn't a large playerbase. This isn't the game's fault but it can be frustrating to find matches, especially if you beat a player and they refuse to rematch you.All in all, I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of fighting games or anime or whatever floats your boat. If you want to learn the mechanics of the game and whatnot, I suggest looking to dustloop or the mizuumi wiki to learn more about the game, your character and tech for UNIEL. It's helped me immensely to learn how to play UNIEL."
76561198061270944,Recommended,452510,29256271,Posted: 14 January,all,ahjaycc,"If you like MBAACC, you will have fun with this game. But online mode totally dead, nobody there."
76561198318138560,Recommended,452510,24341953,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Doze,"Ive played: Street Fighter, Guilty Gear, Blazblue, King of Fighters, mortal kombat, injustice.By far the best 2d fighting game ive played out of all those games imo. its fun, excellent pace, advance combos, the attacks  are satisfying to land, awesome gameplay mechanics that adds alot more strategy in a fighting game, and visually appealing.Can't find any cons at all. The netplay is amazing, you can also be in training mode and netplay at the sametime.Under night in birth Exe: Late still an evolving game and most likely will see their next release on steam as well.I completely recommend to those who play fighting games, especially those who play anime fighting games."
,Recommended,452510,33673217,Posted: 20 July,all,Slauce,Unreal BLACK things
,Recommended,452510,33274253,Posted: 5 July,all,Launchpad,"Stylishly weird anime fighter with a diverse cast of characters, lightning-fast combat, and enough unique mechanics to appeal to fighting game vets. Also, there's a dude that takes up over half the screen just by standing there."
,Recommended,452510,24391700,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Frost,"The game is really awesome as a 2D arcade fighter style game, not many other games of the same genre in Steam too! The game is totally worth the price! Just wished there were more players so I can actually play online PVP :( couldn't find a player so far..."
76561198124151314,Recommended,452510,24382503,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Artist of Seer,"This... Game... I love itThe gamplay is solid, with mechanics that work towards an agressive game style, the characters are all interesting and fun to play... except for Nanase in my opinion, and you have a lot of things to do.The Game definintely has problems, the character balancing is not that great, you have to look for guides online to get a better understanding of the game and characters, and the networkmode is already dead, but I still recomend this game as a worthy investment...Oh, and the game has a lot of Waifus :3"
,Recommended,452510,24304710,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,emmanuelin13,"the game is solid put as a pc port is has some work that needs to be donedont get me wrong, it works great, its really well optimized (it runs at 60 fps on my fx 4300 + gt 610 at 1080p) and works great with keyboard and xinput devices (i used my xbox 360 and it works as it should) but, it has some options to be addedlook at blazblue CT (GFWL ver.)(http://prntscr.com/bsl8u8), you can set how much antialias you want, you can adjust the HUD, same for bloom, vsnyc and it has a lot of resolutions to chosenow look at blazblue CPEX (http://prntscr.com/bsl9r6), you can adjust the same as in bbctguilty gear XXAC+R (http://prntscr.com/bslac3), you can adjust the resolution, enable/disable vsync and antialias, resolutions are a bit limitedmelty blood ACCC (steam ver.) (http://prntscr.com/bslawu) anti alias can be enabled/disabled in screen filter and there is a TON of resolutionsthere is the problem, in UNIBEL (http://prntscr.com/bslcob) you can choose your resolution and thats it, you cant adjust the hud, you cant enable/disable vsync, antialias, bloom or something else, the games i mentioned are ASW published and are on a good price and i really cant say that about UNIBEL, the game should cost less if we consider its from 2012 and there is a newer version in the japanese arcades but at the end of the day, the game is fun but should be picked up when is at 40% or 50%"
76561198152537166,Recommended,452510,29047374,Posted: 5 January,all,Firm,"""UNDER NIGHT IN-BIRTH Exe:Late""""Thousand night, Recurrence night, Reverie end Invite. and... ［7days Immortal］ Unreal BLACK THINGS.""""Unreal BLACK THINGS""I still have no idea what this and the title are supposed to mean.a typical 2d anime fighter made in japan.an ok game if you like 2d fighters and can stand engrish."
,Recommended,452510,24303838,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lord Volce,"THIS GAME IS F*CKING LIT.Orie all day, deadass"
,Recommended,452510,33597039,Posted: 16 July,all,LUᴥBEAR,Love it. Hope they release [st] soon ! Definately give it a try.
,Recommended,452510,27987899,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LtSandwich,"A solid Fighter, kickass soundtrack, GRIM REAPER!!!Whats not to love?"
,Recommended,452510,24298289,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Judgement Neko,"I like doing 4.6k, Gordeau is a cool dude."
,Recommended,452510,24299845,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ryou,"If you're new to fighting games and want to pick up and play a game, or even learn some more advanced combos, I don't think there's a better game than this."
,Recommended,452510,26986002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Watashi,good
76561198348274414,Recommended,452510,32421507,Posted: 14 June,all,RainGoddess9000,"Game is waaaay too fun not to play, love it!"
76561198055107640,Recommended,452510,24305860,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,:3,poverty fighter with acceptable netcode
76561198086575594,Recommended,452510,24951536,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Plinth,"10/10 love the game, The only thing I would change. It needs better/Sexier Gallary Art. Like BlazBlue. It needs more guest illastrations pls. like now. if lenne and nanase are not in a swim suit together in the next week. then im mad. They need to have skin showing. not just arms or legs. but they need the skin."
,Recommended,452510,33093040,Posted: 1 July,all,ChikiFellas,This game is the best fighting game i have ever played. I have played this since it was on ps3. I'm kind of picky when it comes to characters but in this game i like all of them except chaos LUL. I just hope UNIEL (st) comes out on steam too.
,Recommended,452510,24288402,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Heehahou!,"Been playing FGs for years, UNIB is my pick for the last gen best fighting game for it's unique mechanics, the mix between a footsie game and the speed of an anime fighter, and the cast moveset, IDGAF about balance in fighters.You can't go wrong with this game, the only con is that it doesn't have a dedicated story mode for all the animu and VN lovers out there, but if you want action, there you have it.Also, compared to the PS3 version, the AI seems harder and punishes with big combos in arcade mode, so beginners will have a good time learning the characters.Good game."
,Recommended,452510,24294152,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarge,May be one of the best anime fighting game ports on PC right now.
76561198131871806,Recommended,452510,24295585,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Polarbob22,"[Dont get misleaded by my play time, i played the game offline and i also have this game on my PS3]This is my favorite fighting game of all time, i used to play it alot on my PS3, but now i can play on it on my PC.Pros:EverythingCons:Some charaters have too much range, making them very broken.This is my favorite anime game on steam, and i cant wait untill the next fighting game on steam [if there comes one]10/10 just perfect."
,Recommended,452510,34470865,Posted: 24 August,all,Slamina,good game
76561198204690079,Recommended,452510,25267149,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Calamity Blaster,God tier Gordeau would grim reaper again 10/10
,Recommended,452510,34689700,Posted: 2 September,all,JeSuisContent,YUH
76561198016753573,Recommended,452510,24418015,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Chocola,Nya
76561198136592930,Recommended,452510,33031484,Posted: 30 June,all,niceidot,this game is so good highly recommend it if you into games like guilty gear and blazblue (makes sense because same company) also so you know no dub for people who like dubs
,Recommended,452510,31646685,Posted: 9 May,all,tsuk13,One of the best fighting games no one has heard of. Absolute blast to play.
,Recommended,452510,25585344,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,dedenne,still waiting for that gordeau nerf but otherwise an amazing fighting game. please toss sfv in the garbage and play this instead
,Recommended,452510,31596605,Posted: 6 May,all,KamiRayne,"Hands down the best anime fighting game series I've ever played. I really can't get enough of it, and I honestly can't wait until they port the next game to Steam.They put quite a bit of work into the stories behind the characters, even if you have to play the previous game to get most of it. Each character has a really cool personality that's different from all the others and you really will get attached to your main after seeing their different victory quotes after every round you win. It's not terribly complex or anything, more or less just a bit better than what you'd normally expect from an anime fighting game.The gameplay is literally do or die. When you get good with combos you'll start to realize that once you get one started, it usually lasts long enough to get your opponent to around 25% health. *cough* SETH *cough*They also have a really cool mechanic. Basically, you have a thing called a Guard Meter at the bottom of the screen between both players' health that fills up as you pressure your opponent and stay close to them. Moving back will make your meter go down. After a certain point, while you have meter, you'll be able to perform something called a Chain Shift. Basically, this consumes your meter to immediately cancel all lag, allow you to cancel into another move, and increases your EXS Gauge based on how much meter you consumed when you performed this. It's the best way to continue your supposed-to-end combos into longer ones.Then of course, you have the EXS Gauge, which I mentioned earlier. Just like every other super gauge in anime fighting games. By pressing C (on the fight pad) you'll consume part of it to turn whatever move you were using into an EXS variant, which will do much more damage and has more invincibility.And finally, each character has their own cool cutscene when they do their Infinite Worth, which is their strongest move, consuming 200% of the EXS Gauge. Some last longer than others, but it boils down to the fact that it looks exactly like what you'd want to see from a character's most powerful move.All in all, I'd give this game a 9/10. It has a couple small points that could be changed, and the netcode is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ Other than that, everything else about it is amazing."
76561198077513868,Recommended,452510,25765383,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,echub22,"Fun little anime fighter. Fast paced, interesting (if partly useless) momentum mechanic, lovely character designs and exquisite netcode. Sadly not enough people online, but when a match happens it is as lag free as could be. Even without a thriving online community, this is a fun single player game for anyone who loves to grind away on combos to deal max damage."
,Recommended,452510,27337217,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,5555thExplosionMage,Characters:+Every character looks different from each other and are just great to look at+The personalities are diverse and memorable+Memorable characters+Amazing voice acting+Drives are perfectly clear+Vatista-Lots of characters look edgy-GordeauStory:+Interesting story+Funny dialogue+Amazing endings+Guests actually have memorable stories+Stories are memorable-Lacklustre in detail-ShortGameplay:+Mostly balanced (nerf Gordeau)+Solid+Easy to get into+Intense matches-Not many people in onlineOverall:A solid and extremely fun fighting game. Almost every moment is memorable and you can get really REALLY invested in a match. The few flaws (and Gordeau) aren't that much to hinder it.9.5/10
,Recommended,452510,27306835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GunGuitarist,This and Guilty Gear are my all time favorite fighting games.
,Recommended,452510,27171183,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wokker,Very solid and fun fighting game. I recommend it 100%
,Recommended,452510,26861705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RoTTa,dank fighting game bruh (this is for the badge)
,Recommended,452510,26905252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ＩＮＦ－Ｋ（Ａ－ｙｎｅ－Ｈ）,"It was too soon, I'm sorry friend."
,Recommended,452510,33684961,Posted: 20 July,all,</iKON1K>,Learned Japanese after playing Arcade Mode with Subtitles. 12/10 would learn Japanese once again.
76561198043776033,Recommended,452510,24346118,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Chives,Actually read my fighstick's buttons 100% correctly10/10
,Recommended,452510,24309313,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Elroux,Melty Blood is fun...
,Recommended,452510,24552755,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Lightbringer,"10/10 Name for a game about Unreal BLACK THINGS.Seriously though, this is a really fun fighting game. For me the gameplay fun factor here is better than Blazblue or Persona 4 Arena, although I recommend checking a guide online to learn and appreciate the game's depth, as there's no tutorial and the story(?) is hard to follow without context."
,Recommended,452510,24308911,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Xaph,"Good fighter, lots of fun"
76561198044698362,Recommended,452510,32873929,Posted: 27 June,all,『 Kazuuji 』,"It is very similar to BB at the combo system, if you liked BB you'll like this too."
,Recommended,452510,26119559,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,snackle,its good
,Recommended,452510,31771229,Posted: 15 May,all,Skai,my fingers are brokenplease port exe:late[st] to pc
,Recommended,452510,24287028,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[YYFFM] U N I C O R N B O I Z,Under night in-birth is literally the best fighting game ever made
,Recommended,452510,24403635,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,manny,Most of the achievement titles are puns 0/10
76561198028202923,Recommended,452510,24297777,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Alaitheen / Mai !!,"I came,Twice."
76561197961879812,Recommended,452510,31032496,Posted: 8 April,all,greatgregx,please add me to playonline i like the game its fun just the online is empty
,Recommended,452510,32548553,Posted: 18 June,all,Spike,"Beautiful, flashy, easy to learn-hard to master and the port runs like a charm! Another Arc System Works/French Bread homerun that should be in the library of 2D fighter players & pros!"
,Recommended,452510,32576924,Posted: 19 June,all,chielover,the street fighter of anime games in gameplayhas nanasehas my reccomendation
,Recommended,452510,32766197,Posted: 25 June,all,Eurobeat,Hard master
76561198094898141,Recommended,452510,33368123,Posted: 8 July,all,Nick,Great Game So Far No Complaints!
76561197978638920,Recommended,452510,25776734,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,OneTimeHeroii,Amazing
,Recommended,452510,30912544,Posted: 2 April,all,Not Dante,I need friends to play this game with
76561198071698217,Recommended,452510,32898351,Posted: 27 June,all,Lyle,this game is awesome period.
76561198114460767,Recommended,452510,34800069,Posted: 7 September,all,Blake Belladonna is best girl,An underrated game
,Recommended,452510,31305816,Posted: 22 April,all,Shine,Uniel is an amazing fighting game with tight conrtols and complex mechanics. If you like having to really learn a game this is the one for you.
76561198020962583,Recommended,452510,24307197,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TQ.C Bootleg,"Well there go my aspirations to be ""the very best, like noone ever was....""10/10"
76561198053644420,Recommended,452510,32419406,Posted: 14 June,all,Kim Jong-zen,Gud Gam.
,Recommended,452510,32649543,Posted: 22 June,all,Exotic Pantsu Proficiency,Nanaya told me to take responsibility.So I did and bought the game.7.8/10 too much waifu.
,Recommended,452510,32921621,Posted: 28 June,all,Flinaid,Damn!
,Not Recommended,452510,24431429,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sorriow,"Even if I like UNIEL, I can't recommend it, since online is quite literally dead."
,Recommended,452510,29294796,Posted: 16 January,all,Hollow,Here are a few steps to getting good at this game.1. Be Yu Narukami.2. Grab people and spam multi hit combos.3. ???4. ProfitTrust me. I have a weeb trapped in my basement who I drip feed for information. This must be true as his anime facts are 100% gluten free.
,Not Recommended,452510,24286546,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PG13,"Wow! Only five months since this indie dev's last release and they're still trying to desperately cash in on the weeaboo NEET market. This indie ""artist"" has truely become the Five Night At Freddy dev of Japan, pumping out an endless stream of weeaboo fap novels every few months. Apparently this time around he got the help of some other french ""artist"" and now this is the unholy spawn of their conception. Honestly, the game looks like it was made for pedophilles, which makes sense since weeaboo NEET's brains cease to develop after 15 years of age which explains their attraction to little 2d girls.Another cash in once again from this dev, I can't blame them though they certainly rake in the dough from lonely weeaboo virgins.""I art thou, and thou art I, permanentely a virgin, about to cry"" -Geoff Wood"
76561198117303733,Recommended,452510,24420968,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Determinant,"nid smaller display resolutions for potato users, also pls give FPS display options"
76561198040638662,Recommended,452510,24341747,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Rekka1212,"For 23 bucks which is what it is on release this game is really fun.   Even for 30 its worth it.  If you like any anime fighter you will like this game as well.  Its got great combo's and a slight learning curve to make it worth the effort.  Animations are great and gameplay is smooth.  Online works very well also, when people are on.  Kinda gets slow during later hours in the day but thats to be expected I guess."
,Recommended,452510,24299896,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Windigo,"Cant remap keys, no windowed fullscreen, has problems registering inputs with keyboard.. shame i just missed my window for refund, guess ill just hope this gets fixed within couple weeks. Please dont buy it at this state, its garbage.Well I was expecting fixes, but my god were they fast with some of them, hopefully the rest of the problems will be fixed soon too."
,Recommended,452510,24328448,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kurai,"Easily one of my favorite fighters in the past few years. If you're a fan of French Bread's ""Melty Blood"" franchise, you'll most likely love this game.Each character is very diverse and plays dramatically differently than the others, so there is no fear of ""clone"" characters like in a lot of fighters nowadays.It has your basic modes, Arcade, Time Trial, Score Attack, Survival, Training and Online.The Online, I've only played a few matches, but the netcode seems very stable. Each match went with very little, to no lag whatsoever. (And these were on 2 and 3 bar connections)Only thing I was hoping they would decide to add in, would have been a challenge or trial mode. This way it would help to guide newer players into the game by teaching them basic BnB combos, and other things. But, this is a port, and not a remake so its understandable that it wouldn't have any additional content.Overall, I love this game. And was so happy to see it was making its way onto Steam.10/10"
76561198146139315,Recommended,452510,24308577,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,No Life K/Q,"A great fighting game, and very beginner friendly. Commands are easy to pull off but still retains great depth to it.Also....Sion...please stop breaking the 4th wall we all know Melty Blood is good ok? Leave the poor wall alone."
,Recommended,452510,24310017,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,JoKin,I'm not a fighter genre type of person but this game looked good visually and didn't look extremely challenging. This is my first time buying this game I didn't have it on PS3. After a couple hours I still enjoy the game and I feel like I can actually do well. The combos aren't that hard to learn. The only other fighting game I play is Super Smash melee and wii u. This game made me like some 2d fighters.
76561198063128635,Recommended,452510,24469420,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Phuck_BOii,"Good netcode, Fun game if your into Fg's. Best anime fighter for street fighter players to get into."
,Recommended,452510,24445612,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SOCOMStitch,"Played this fighter imported from Japan with friendsDuring my vacation, Platinumed it when it came to America~This game is pretty easy to learn if willing to put time into knowing the commands. Very veeery basic X'D I kinda dislike the auto-combo thing with one button but oh well. I don't think it does too much damage.The characters feel very unique and the art style is totally my taste. Music is pretty awesome, Pianos, Gutairs, Violins.. a touch of heavy metal.Story is hilarious. I guess it's a dramatic comedy.I pretty much reccomend this XD Didn't have trouble running this game with my kinda weak laptop, of course~"
,Recommended,452510,24456488,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SaberKing,Nice Game great port great Company ^^
,Recommended,452510,24360990,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,seabasstian,Great netplay.Great characters.Great mechanics.Great fighting game.
76561198059835684,Recommended,452510,24288777,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,absolutexero11,"Anime the video game, complete with the token heterochromia person, talking monsters, moody emo kids, cute girls with swords, and a weird plot I won't be able to understand.The gameplay is very good, at least from what little I've played, and there is a very diverse cast of characters to choose from. The netplay also seems very stable and only with a small 3 or 4 frame delay. Great for button mashers and pros alike. Very successful port."
,Recommended,452510,24289013,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,copelandmaster,"The port is excellent.New players focusing primarily online would be better off finding other new players outside the game to play with.  If you've played Melty Steam ver online and managed to find a game, this online community is almost just as inpenetrable (but more populated, as of this review on day 1).  Communication between players in a lobby is basic preset text phrases and some emoji. Default online net code is better than Melty - only had one bad game (played player for 30 min, then hosted a lobby for an hour).If you are single player only, go at it, the game can be really fun!  There are a lot of other modes to play.Some more info: I was suprised to find out that mashing just light attack repeatedly does a basic, really long combo that can end in an EX move, if you meet the super meter pre-reqs.  I think it works for every character.  Not sure how I feel about that, even as a extremely novice 2D fighter player."
,Recommended,452510,24680178,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Garrett Bobby Ferguson Jr,good game fun characters no glitchs would recommend and have
,Recommended,452510,30866047,Posted: 31 March,all,StoneBeWipe,"Just got this on sale since haven't heard of Late(st) version announcement for ages.I am a huge fan of Melty Blood series and reading through Sion (Eltnum here) story gave me so much laugh, she is adorable. Having to play Sion alone worth buying the game. Fourh wall broken countless times.Pros:+ good old easy to start playing and hard to master mechanics+ fresh art design, smooth animations+ nice story and dialogs+ interesting charactersCons:- Late(st) version of a game has 18 playable characters already, having half here is kinda lame"
76561198194906757,Recommended,452510,24661904,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Zen | Roze Z,Vey fun game! its easy to get into and learn a combo!~
76561198027104096,Recommended,452510,24623092,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Walla Dalla Doo,"French Bread makes great anime fighters!This game is accessible to new players, but has depth in it's mechanics for the fighting game veterans.It's got an focus on the neural game and fundementals, with excecution being required for the longer combos.The style is striking but not overwhelming, character design is really on point.Visually the game looks beautiful, with simplistic backgrounds focused on strong contrast between a limited color scheme.The soundtrack is excellent for this game, I don't think there's a single character with a bad theme.It's single player content isn't nonexistent, but is defintitely on the sparse side.I've had a few issues with the Lobby system and finding ranked games, and there are problems with the netcode.The game's weakest point is that some of the characters are weak, lacking options/range/damage when compared to the top tiers of the game.Fantastic game overall!"
76561198309207006,Recommended,452510,24489728,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Anti Nekos,"its a good game but why its running slow, please fix it,sometimes game stucks when a ranked match its canceled , NANASE need to be fixed and improve her recovery and balance please , i really like this game but it need to be fixed, also bring VERSION ST soon  please."
76561198062000721,Recommended,452510,26300488,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Guigols,"Almost all of the achievements names are puns.But other than that, great game."
,Recommended,452510,24839427,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Skadorski,"netcode is goodport is good, has issues with alt-tabbing on fullscreen mode[st] doesn't even have a release date for consoles in japan so this is going to be the current version for a whilegordeau is dum"
,Recommended,452510,28981185,Posted: 3 January,all,Pablo the Menachi Meatball,I'd like to get good at this gameif only i had friends who play itNanase is the only waifuall others shall perishNanase or nothing
,Recommended,452510,29290908,Posted: 15 January,all,ire,"definitely recommend picking this up if you're a fan of blazblue or guilty gear. the game as a whole feels solid and well-made, though it can sometimes be difficult to find a game online. the visuals are nice, and it never feels difficult to follow what's going on in-game."
,Recommended,452510,28419432,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Remudwn,It's fun... but the online is dead...
,Recommended,452510,31140864,Posted: 14 April,all,Aqua Chan,A incredibly fun and playable fighting game. My only issue is that its a little outdated compared to the arcade version
,Recommended,452510,33696736,Posted: 21 July,all,defective pancake,"This game might not seem like much at the first glance, but it's hands down the most enjoyable fighting game I've ever played (I'm a huge sh*tter at fighting games though, and I'm generally not a big fan of this genre as well).I think the game is really accessible even for those people who haven't really played any fighting games, but it's definitely leaning on the harder side if you want to get really good at it. The combos are flashy and fun to execute and the gameplay feels very fluid with its responsive controls. I also like that the player is strongly encouraged to take risks rather than play on the defensive. Character roster might not be that big, but all of the characters have their own quirks and gameplay to work out, and I really like the art style that's not overloaded with details and keeps it on the clean and simple side so it's easy to keep track of everything that's being executed on screen."
,Recommended,452510,33638658,Posted: 18 July,all,dadpixel,i like this video gamegood 2d fighter
,Recommended,452510,33694776,Posted: 21 July,all,Str82ThePoint,a good and fun fighting game
,Recommended,452510,33726029,Posted: 22 July,all,Z I D A N E,One of the best Anime fighting game out in the market!
76561198029193627,Recommended,452510,33986964,Posted: 3 August,all,Gartender,It feels good
76561198143422905,Recommended,452510,33952815,Posted: 1 August,all,AnimeBird,Great now i want more
76561198077165034,Recommended,452510,34610363,Posted: 30 August,all,TheBushOnline,Fast and enjoyable. Great game to enjoy with friends.
