user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,453090,24092778,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,OldManSancho,"Let's talk about Richard Smith.Richard was in my park for a grand total of 15 minutes and 53 seconds, he bought a hot dog and briefly sat on a bench before he got into line to ride Stratosfear. Richie should have probably waited a little longer after eating that hot dog to go thrillseeking, after exiting the coaster he passed multiple restrooms and trash cans to puke right in the middle of the walkway. These things happen, no big deal, so I sent my janitor over and cleaned up the mess. I notice that the Richmeister has gotten back into the line to ride Stratosphere again, that's a bold move. Ricardo finishes his second go on the coaster and he looks rough, completely hunched over and walking slow, I think to myself ""thankfully he already puked"". Rico stops right at the same spot my janitor just cleaned up after him and purges all over, takes a second step and regurgitates a third time. I don't know what transpired between Dicky and my janitor before they met up at my park on this day but good lord, this janitor better have at least hooked up Rickster's sister to warrant this kind of treatment. People were walking through the bile piles as my poor janitor tried to clean up the mess, after he finished he took a much needed break and I start looking for Ritchie...he's in line again. He can't. There's no way. Rickon finishes the ride and...pukes a fourth time? I coudn't do it to the same janitor, I grabbed a janitor from another Zone for this. Sir Sprays-A-Lot runs, seriously hauls it to the front of the park and finally leaves, maybe his upset stomach was travelling to the basement instead of the penthouse now and he didn't want to do that in a public restroom. I check on the status of my theme park and get to the tab that tells me recent reviews.""Completely filthy...Disgusting"" - Richard SmithIf I ever see anyone named Richard Smith in my park again, I am going to trap them alone on a secluded 2x1 island with no access to food, drink or restroom."
76561198210544888,Recommended,453090,31995600,Posted: 27 May,all,Neeperful,"Parkitect is like the beloved son of RCT1/2Planet Coaster is the treasured daughter of RCT3RCTW is the annoying little cousin everyone hatesBut seriously, this game is a lot of fun"
76561198039310228,Recommended,453090,32300722,Posted: 9 June,all,Ginger Beard Man,"Seeming to have come out of nowhere, this game caught my interest immediately upon discovering it - it almost seemed too good to be true. The general consensus seems to be that RCT World flopped, and I'm almost certain my laptop would go up in smoke if I attempted to run Planet Coaster. This game is simpler, cheaper, and less CPU intensive but contains all of the loveable elements from classic Roller Coaster Tycoon. I would even argue that this game, despite it's lower price tag and smaller graphical footprint, offers MORE of what I want in a theme park sim than the two Triple-A titles.If this is your first park sim, there may be a bit of a learning curve, but not much. Everything, for the most part, makes sense, and I imagine that, being an early access game, the developers will continue to tweak the finer details and add more content - because that's really all that seems to be needed: Maybe some greater decorative content, a few extra rides, and simply some interface tweaks. For those that have played a park sim before, this is honestly going to feel like just another iteration of the previous games (albeit with some improvements to the ""formula"").  Very streamlined and intuive, things snap together and line up just about how you'd want them to. The only frustrating control I've run into is the color picker, which simply seems to be a little picky and limited.I haven't played too terribly much - just enough to place some rides, play around with the infrastucture tools, and lay the foundations for a park. I can say, though, that this game shows great promise! I sincerely hope that the developers stick with it and continue to flesh the game out. It's a few tweaks and features away from being a truuly astonishing iteration of the classic RCT park sim for systems that are modern but not necessarily an overpowered gaming rig. Considering that it costs only a small fraction of what it's Triple-A competitors cost, this game is truly a treat and definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,453090,26308283,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Cloak,"It's true, if you like (or loved) Rollercoaster Tycoon, this game will fill you with joy!I also grew up with RCT, played it endless, always have been intrigued with themeparks and how they work.Parkitect might look simplistic at first glance, and you'd be right, the visuals are indeed simple. I had my doubts before I made my purchase. The graphics made me think Parkitect would also be as plain (for lack of a better word) with it's content. But I gave Parkitect a chance, after reading all kinds of positive comments and craving to build a rollercoaster again. Parkitect is an amazing game, I say game because that's what it is.Yes it has it's flaws, but it's an alpha version and I can't believe how much there is to do already!It's crazy to think this is just the start when other games in a similar state are called finished and ready for shipping.I'm so glad that I gave it a chance and I'm more than happy to support the developers with their work. They are actively working on the game and are very generous with their news updates and support towards the Parkitect community.It was probably the best, and worst, decision I could've made.This yet to be finished game is destroying my whole work schedule (hence me calling it ""the worst decision""). I've currently played a total of 164 hours, but I'm loving every second of it. While writing this there are no scenarios or any other goals set by the game, this will come in the future, but I'm totally fine just building without pressure and or consequences. Switching my brain off, making worlds and getting lost in them while they grow and evolve.The more I play in this ""simplistic"" sandbox, tweak my coaster (with that awesome coaster builder tool) and expand my park with the available rides, themes and other options, though (somewhat) limited in it's current state, you will see it all come to life with more charm than you might think.To be clear, I do not care about graphics, this is just how I perceived Parkitect before I bought it. Don't let the look fool you, if you think you'd like it, you will like this game! To be honest (as if I wasn't before), I'm actually pretty happy my pc can handle this game graphically with relative ease (it is still in alpha, mind you). It runs smooth and no crashes so far!This was probably too much text huh? Well it's my first and only review. (I'm THAT eager for this game, amazing..)Thanks for reading it all! :) I hope it made sense.."
76561198049814248,Recommended,453090,23231496,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,matsteele,"Pros -Simple to useruns fairly wellSandbox limits excitement only to your imaginationSeems stablegood interfacereasonable amount of content for an early accessNo annoying story modes to beat to unlock thingsBuild it how you want from the startCons -EDIT - All previous cons have been patched and fixed. Runs nicely for me on my rx480 with lots of coasters looping through an entire large park with about 2000 guests.Overallworth the money - this game seems nearly finished with just some minor tweaks here and there.So if you like to design, manage or run amusement parks - this is a game for you!"
,Recommended,453090,23031271,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,oLeX,"Parkitect is exaclty what people have been wanting, It has the RC1/2 feel with a more modern look.Pros-Graphics are nice-Gameplay is smooth-Animations-Guest Interaction-Graphs-Realistic Economy-Choose how much things costCons-Very poorly optimized (they said they were working on it)-Not much content-Not enough cons to think ofAll of the cons are to be expected in an early access title. If you are wishing to buy a bug free and fully complete game, you are looking in the wrong category. Now on the other hand, if you are wishing for a more RC1/2 feel but with a more modern look, this is your game. The game has some massive potential. I do recommend this game.If you would like, Feel free to add me on Steam"
,Recommended,453090,23491472,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mr.Colorblind - FillWarmer,"Best Rollercoaster tycoon at the moment.Yes, I know, you wouldn't belive it, but its true.After playing RollerCoaster Tycoon World (which was so bad i returned it) and even Planet Coaster, This tiny one is by far the best.The rollercoaster creator is exellent, which is important in an amusment park game. Planet Coasters rollercoaster creator is not that good and I definantly prefer this over it. It is a lot like rollercoaster tycoon World's rollercoaster creator, which is good because that was one of the only things I liked about that game. This feels like the most complete of the rollercoaster tycoon games that are coming out.Pros:Fun, Very very funCheap. Or atleast cheaper then the other big games.Almost complete. Besides a few thigs, the game feels comeplete. Which is very good compared to the other games.(Edit 4/17/17, The mods NEVER stop updating. every week there is a devlog showing what theyve done to improve the game. And its amazing the way they are informining the community.)Cons:Laggy. I see they are going to fix it, but its a con. However, it only really appers when you zoom out. (The fix has begun with an experimental version out for people with quad cores - 12/29/16)Wierd controls: The controls are wierd, it stinks you can't turn with a mouse. but it is bareableOnly Sandbox: The only mode right now is sandbox. Sandbox is fun, but its your only choice. (Being worked on with every update. and has gotten better since this review was created - 12/19/16)Overall: Overall this game is outstanding. Its crazy to think that for $20 USD (the same price as RCTC3), you can get a tycoon this good. Fourtunally, These cons are mostly things you would find in early alpha games. Hopefully, these will be fixed in the future to keep up with their competitors because right now, they are the underdog. But I really hope they pull it off.Rate 9/10Edit: I found a mod that fixes the controls, they are so much better. Also found a mod that lets you ride your coasters. Also, they are really easy to install!"
,Recommended,453090,23107264,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Squee,"- last edit was due to performance bonus in alpha 4  -A very nice flashback to the RCT days. If you are cosidering RCTW, really consider this instead. ( it's not even half the price ).Pros:- Simple but nice graphics, reminds me a little of playmobile.- Allowing a lot of freedom in scenery design and its pretty easy to do.- Stable and pretty polished for an early access game.- Nice coaster design ( rct style but with some additions )- A lot of little visual details that RCT didn't have.- Intuitive Interface. Didn't have to search for anything I wanted to do. ( Not reinventing the wheel )- As with many unity games ... MODS! ( not just on workshop but also on nexus )Cons:- Performance! The performance has greatly improved since I original wrote my review. There are still some issues ( seems mostly AI based: more AI, slower framerate ) so will I will leave this under cons, mostly due to how important I find performance in simulation games. Simulating more stuff is always more fun :D But when it comes to heavy graphics on the maps it feels like the performance issues are not there anymore.- Coaster design additions sometimes make it tough to reconnect tracks when editing if you dont do it perfectly. ( hoping for a ""fill gap"" option. )- Some lack of content here and there in unimportant places. Like different path types and music for rides is limited to 1 song atm. It is full of coasters, rides and shops though, so not a big drawback."
76561197998642227,Recommended,453090,33892595,Posted: 29 July,all,Evil Hotdog,"This game is basically a modern day version of the original rollercoaster tycoon but this time in 3D and with all the tools you wished we had back in 1999 and more!For those not familiar with the concept of rollercoaster tycoon, its about managing and organizing your theme park.At the moment there are no missions yet, only sandbox mode, but I had great fun trying different stuff out and learning all the new mechanics.I think the graphics are nice for what it tries to do while staying faithfull to that classic RTC look, just keep in mind that it's about managing and organizing stuff from an isometric perspective, that means lots of stuff going on at the same time, so the graphics are rather simple in order to prevent your computer from launching into outer space and it's also easier to keep an overview of your park.The music gets a bit repetitive though after playing 50+ hours, but you only hear it when zoomed out, the further you zoom in the more detailed the audio gets, you start hearing people talking and the music from different rides you zoomed in on, which is a nice feature.The devs update the game each month with engine improvements, new rides, bug fixes and features. It doesn't go as fast as I would want, but it's a very small team who take the time to listen to their customers and I'm sure the wait will be worth it.I can already recommend this game to people who loved the original rollercoaster tycoon and to people who like to get creative with the sandbox mode. To those who want a solid single player campaign with missions I say wait a bit longer, I can imagine sandbox mode getting a little boring/repetitive without any goals.Conclusion: It's about time we had another good rollercoaster tycoon game, what are you waiting for? Go make some awesome parks! Don't forget to drown all the complaining people."
,Recommended,453090,24893529,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,blippy,"If you love Roller Coaster Tycoon, you will absolutely love this game. It's RCT Sandbox mode plus Steam Workshop integration.   Don't be dissuaded by Early Access, it is completely playable and enjoyable right now.  Totally worth the money."
,Recommended,453090,24236952,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ezwip,"I am now 24 hours into the alpha release and playing sandbox. The game is playable and enjoyable. With the assistance of the mod community I believe it to be worthy of a purchase in this state for RCT fans. I do turn the graphics all of the way down, and I am careful what mods I choose so that my FPS doesn't fall off a cliff. I feel this is acceptable in alpha.As someone who purchased RCT 1 & 2 on Steam I could just go play those games. So, I feel this is heading the right direction. This game offers new hope to those of us that desired the game to continue in that direction. I don't feel that this is a rip for that reason, as the studio went their own way. To those of us that preferred it as it was Parkitect is the yellow brick road. Chris Sawyer is not here coding this one but his presence is felt, it is pulled from that same mysterious ether, and due to that I tip my hat to the team at Texel Raptor and everyone backing this game.Some may not be ready for this. It doesn't blow you away with graphics, it does not run smoothly at the time that I type this, and it is clearly alpha. Regardless of this it is playable and it is fun. Right now I have a park running in the background which is making money while minimized with 1200 people in the park and it's not lagging one bit. I built this comp two years ago and haven't updated a thing. If you understand that this is an old school remake of one of the best games ever created, by the best coder ever to code a masterpiece and stick it into a box of cereal, then you should buy this game and bear witness to its resurrection.To me RCT, Tropico, and Civilization are some of the best games ever created. With that in mind I am not a fan boy type of person. When I see something that is blatantly ridiculous I will be the first in line to say it. Trust my review, view my profile, peace."
76561197970143059,Not Recommended,453090,34514269,Posted: 26 August,all,Comrade_Zer0,"I would love to say go for it with this game, since its probably one of the most honest modernizations of Roller Coaster Tycoon out here, but there are a few features which just kill the fun factor and keep me going back to that ""other"" Coaster Tycoon game.The main reason I'd recommend caution here, is that the core of the game is building roller coasters, and this is where the game falls apart. Editing a track is a nightmare, finishing a coaster is an exercise in frustration, and the overall feedback loop to help you design coasters is seriously lacking. That said, if this game keeps being developed by passionate people, and if they impliment some quality of life improvements to the building process, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it."
76561198169319649,Recommended,453090,23502172,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Vorbuddler,"Highly recommended! Parkitect is a fantastic game. Period.Don't listen to the few silly people who don't like the graphics. Those are slaves to the graphic cards industry. Parkitect looks really beautiful and original. It has an oldschool ""hand-drawn"" style and isometric camera like in the old RCT series. No on-ride cam (there's a mod for it) but a freaking good coaster editor.Also, the two (!) developers (plus one freelancer for the music) are really busy creating new cool stuff. They are active on twitter and stream (and chat) on twitch on a regular base. They also blog on tumblr. Bigger updates are released by the end of every month. You can't get closer to the devs.Modding is also officially supported. Go visit parkitectnexus, it's stunning.I've played the game for about 70 hours and built a big park all over the map. It gets a little laggy when zooming out but never crashed! I also made a stress-test by cheating a couple of thousand visitors :) No problem at all.So, if you like simulation games like Planet Coaster or Cities, give Parkitect a try!And please, stop comparing it to RCT2/openRCT2. Parkitect is of course a hommage to that great game, but in fact, it's already way better!Sorry, if i sound a bit too fanboyish, but i couldn't help. It's my honest opinion. If you're still unsure, check out Silvarret on YouTube...Cheers."
76561197994092051,Recommended,453090,23721263,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,operateur,"If you played RCT a lot in the past, this will bring up memories. It's kind of the same but with more scenery features.Pros:• Placing items on top of each other, through each other, even through rides is possible. All to make your scenery even greater without restrictions.• Every color you want can be used.• Easy to use coaster builder.• Simple and colourful graphics.Cons (most of them are being improved every week):• Because it's only Early Access, there is still a lot of work to be done. More scenery building blocks are needed.• More different rides and attractions.• The employer system need some work...• Rating of the rides doesn't seem to matter to the peeps (yet).• Lack of missions/goals, only sandbox mode.But overall the game is just great (even in this state) for the Parkitect's among us. And it only will improve more and more.So put your builders hat on and start building!Update 26/11:Monthly updates keeps improving this game. More content, updated gameplay and features!Great, and keeps getting better! Thanks"
76561198117038922,Recommended,453090,30607215,Posted: 18 March,all,Lukelbs,Basically you already know if you like this game or not if you have played RCT. It feels like a sequal to the classic RCT games but with a fresh feel and a lot more potential between Steam Workshop and the devs constantly updating.I've owned the game since the start of March and there has been numerous updates and devlog posts and have had nothing but positive interactions with the devs.Haven't had a single regret purchasing Parkitect.
76561198126798525,Recommended,453090,24837090,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Space,"This is a great game and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. This game is still in early access and it has a bunch of stuff in it already from props to roller coasters. This isn't a completed game by no means but it has devoted developers that are constantly updating the game and having dev vlogs for all the new stuff.I am a sucker for theme park tycoon games and this one reminds me of theme park tycoon 2 a bit, it has a retro feeling to it the way the old rt2 but this is like the update version. The graphics look great and still looks like a promising game when it's fully released. I am always on the watch out for roller coaster tycoons and there seems to be a lot out there right now but this looks like a better option out there.This game has a workshop that features many of the people's creations from roller coasters to buildings. I love the fact that they have the hidden pathways for the workers of the theme park to, that's what makes this game so uniqe from the other theme park tycoon games.The price is reasonable and dosn't really make a big impact in your wallet, for what it all has right now I would say its worth the money. This game is enjoyable to play and the map size is a reasonable size for building your theme park. I have sunk many hours into this game already and can still have fun. Go for it and buy it if your a theme park tycoon kind of guy."
,Recommended,453090,22932242,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DANNYonPC,All i wanted from a modern Roller Coaster tycoon 1/2
76561198146338082,Recommended,453090,32407537,Posted: 14 June,all,KillerPigeon86,"This is a awesome remake of Roller coaster tycoon 1 and 2! Allthough the game doesnt update as much as i would like, its a good game and worth a shot! 7/10"
,Recommended,453090,22965505,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mister Cheef,The spiritual successor to RollerCoaster Tycoon 2. Very simple in it's early state but plays very nicely and is just as fun as the orginals with some new features. Unity looks beautiful and works like a charm. I've enjoyed every second I've played so far and can't wait for more.I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,453090,23192241,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Sir Toastie,"So this game is what RCT 3 should have been. If you felt RCT3 was way too many steps away from RCT2, this game is sure to ease the pain you've been burdening for the last decade."
,Recommended,453090,22864979,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"For being in Early Access,Parkitecthas a great start to becoming a fairly limit-less and really fun amusement park management sim.The game has a lot of content right now - although it is just a sandbox, at this point. There is a lot to build and manage. From custom rollercoasters and buildings to Steam Workshop support, you will definately have plenty to entertain yourself if you have the imagination.While I was not as 'blown away' with this as a majority of the reviews, I think it comes down to getting out what you put in. Like a box ofLegos, you have to entertain yourself. There is no tutorial here, or end goal. It is really not that hard to keep your budget in the black, either.Pros:+Graphics and art style really work well here.+Controls are intuitive and work really well.+It is a modernization ofRoller Coaster Tycoon, with all the goodness of that series and some added in things that are a breath of fresh air.Cons:-It could benefit from a fairly in-depth tutorial (which I assume is likely to be added), so no biggie.-It needs music! Currently there is only one track for all the rides (the same track), and its hella annoying (classic carnie music).-Keep the content coming!-Other small things that you would expect from an alpha Early Access game.Yeah, if you like amusement park tycoon games, this is a no-brainer."
76561198303742542,Recommended,453090,34452707,Posted: 23 August,all,Dynamics1117,"So far, so good.At this point, it is accurate to call it a glorified Roller Coaster Tycoon, the similarities are insurmountable, but there are nothing but improvements. It isn't spectacular, the graphics are average, the concept has been done, and the gameplay isn't too much of a challenge, but it is exactly what I expected and that is a game that I can sit and stare at for hours and hours on end with a single goal (or multiple goals). It is great if you want to be distracted from a stressful day or from everyday life. There is enough to do to keep it from getting boring, but it is not so complex that you have to turn off the TV or music to focus on what is going on in the game. Perfect zone out game, I have some solid expectations for the release...rooting for this game to succeed, especially with the ability to add mods that could make the game outrageously fun or overwhelmingly elaborate. Good luck to Parkitect."
,Recommended,453090,22820736,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DigitalCreation,"The true successor to RCT 2. If you loved the old RCT games, get this!"
76561198041556849,Recommended,453090,29559818,Posted: 29 January,all,tkaz1,"This game has been on my watch list for some time now, and to be honest, what really made me pull the full price trigger was I really wanted to support these devs.  Reading blogs and watching livestreams and such, I realized how much passion this very small dev team has for their product and their community.Parkitect takes me back to the old RCT 1 and 2 games.  It's old school with updated isometric graphics.  I already love the charm of this game after only playing it for an hour; It just makes you feel happy.  I love that attractions like the 4D Cinema, GoKarts and Motion Simulator have already been included.I was also surprised at how smooth the game runs and how polished the animations already are in alpha 9, not even at beta stage yet.  Although only sandbox mode is available now, I can see big things coming in the future with scenarios, given all the staff and management elements already in the alpha game.Is this game Planet Coaster?  Absolutely not; it's not supposed to be.  Parkitect has found its own niche and its very well done.  Owning both Planet Coaster and Parkitect I can tell you that I truly enjoy playing them both.  There is no way I can compare these two games against each other, they both have wonderful appeal, but in very different ways."
,Recommended,453090,25677411,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Comedic Crapper,What a great game!!!I have been roaming the store as well as some websites to find a great Theme Park game that allows me to have fun. Parkitect does just this. It gives you the freedom to design buildings and use scenery items to make your park look beautiful while also allowing you to build the ride of your dreams. But keep in mind that this game is still in its' alpha stages and every single month they release new content to make the game even better. I definetly recommend Parktect to anyone looking to build the park of there dreams.
76561198343564648,Recommended,453090,33172086,Posted: 3 July,all,Lv01 Magikarp,"ParkitectWith the big boys rushing out by dropping their ""RCT"" games last year (RCT:W & Planet Coaster) we truly have been blessed that the devs of Parkitect have not followed suite, they have not panicked and rushed the game out of EA, they have openly admitted they are past their date of release due to deciding to add more things to the game to make it better.This is a blessing as whilst Frontier and Nvizzio were fighting over one another Texel Raptors team were quietely working away, no doubt monitoring what was liked / disliked about both games, which personally both games leaned towards dislike.They have taken on board many features that have been left out of the aforementioned games, to name a few:An actual tycoon / management feel to the game, not just a pretty looking minecraftWeather including umbrellasStaff pathingA nice balance/mixture of ridesStock delivery for storesI can honestly say with confidence that Parkitect can hang out at the top of the charts when it comes to RCT style of games, whilst there are things I like about RCT:World (I love the track builder, many dismiss it as too hard to use) and some things I like about Planet Coaster (Ride details; see the Go Karts) they are both just lacking in too many areas for me to find enjoyable or rather keep me interested; the major down fall for both games being the lack of a management feel to them, especially in Planet Coaster where Frontier have opted to focus more on being a theme park builder with management as an after thought.If you are a fan of the old RCT games or simply enjoy tycoon/management games then you will enjoy Parkitect, it's nearing release and for an EA game it's more polished than most; worth buying now before release so you save a bit of money.Current state notesCurrently you will not find a campaign or much of a tutorial as of yet, they are coming soon as confirmed very recently by the devs, this isn't major, just thought it was worth noting."
76561198041026471,Recommended,453090,31197525,Posted: 17 April,all,scissorpaws,"I was looking for a new theme park game having looked at what is about was not sure if to buy this, Roller Coaster Tycoon World or Planet Coaster, I had watched several videos on YouTube and the videos on the store page for each and this took about 20 seconds of watching the store page video to want it over the others.Many people are comparing this to the early RCT games and yes it is very similar but they are from a different age this has so much more to offer even in early access the grid design system is awesome you can really customize the park in way RCT never could, there is a growing community here on steam and on the parkitech nexus (external fan site).The game play is pretty much sandbox at the moment but you can turn sandbox mode off so that you are limited on cash and have to make the park a success to build new rides and attractions. This should not put you off if you want scenarios and goals to aim for then ask the community there are new scenarios being released almost everyday along with coasters, scenery, and attractions.I see a lot of people saying the graphics are more suited to a mobile game than a pc game but this is not true the graphic are very cartoony and detailed, ok it looks like something from the late 90's early 00's but the gameplay is amazing and there is so much to do and so many was to customize your park and it is only getting better, i have followed this game for a while now seeing how the game developes and as i have said the devs are active in the community and have even added some of the user-created coasters to the game as a default build in the blue prints.Pros to the game;The game plays well for early access in general.New content being added all the time.Gameplay is fun and addictive.Has a classic theme park building experience.A growing community of players adding new content for download.Active devs on the forums here on steam who actually want to make the game great and not just release something that will make them a quick buck and then leave the player base in the dark with an unfinshed game.Cons;Once you build a larger park the games starts to lag, but as the devs have said it is not optimized yet and is very cpu dependent.No real scenarios at the moment,Limited coasters and designs for those who just want a drag and drop experience but this can be resolved via help from the community.Sometimes the game will lag when loading a save game and give endless error messages but this has only happened once or twice and a simple email to the devs with the error I am confident that they will fix this issue.Overall I would definitely recommend this game for people who want to build a park and manage it especially if you grew up with the classic theme park games. This has so much potential to be bigger than the other Theme park titles now on the market. Gogo get the game get involved in making one of the best theme park building games I have seen in years even better."
,Recommended,453090,28279807,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,PastaPillows,"""Parkitect was great!""Replicates the nostalgia of Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2 flawlessly, with a few new additions and rides compared to those games. It's in Early Access so there are a few questionable things, but overall a great experience."
,Recommended,453090,28954749,Posted: 2 January,all,buttons15,"****4 out of 5Rollercoaster Tycoon 2.5Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 & 2 are both two of my favourite management games. The isometric style, the music, the little intricacies, the gameplay...all of it combined into a wonderful package that could be played over and over again, experimented on it over and over again. Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 was not developed by the original developer Chris Sawyer, but was developed by Frontier Developments. Now, although this sequel was ok, it didn't have the appeal and staying power as the previous games had.Enter Parkitect. Only in alpha*, the game is arguably on par to my beloved favourites RCT 1 and 2. I can not stress how much I adore Parkitect right now. Even without a campaign mode (which is due to be added later this year), the game has provided me with hours of fun, fine-tuning rollercoasters, stalking peeps and micro management. Seriously, for the child or adult within you that played RCT all those years ago, you owe it to yourself to buy this.*Review will be updated during Product's development cycle"
76561198052323101,Recommended,453090,24490681,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ercu Maglor,"Parkitect has probably been one of my best purchases of the year.  It's very rewarding and a lot of fun to create and tweak your latest rollercoasters, scenery and parks.In it's current state (Alpha 3a), you'll be able to build your own theme park with numerous rides, rollercoasters and scenery objects.  Some game mechanics still need to be introduced/refined and at the moment only a 'sandbox' is available.Despite it's alpha release, I didn't encounter any issues with the game so far (71h of play).  Also the developers are very active and continuously improving the game by adding new features and resolving known bugs.Give it a go ... you won't be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,453090,26683119,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Barry  @Just Gonna send It,Parkitect and Planet Coaster are the true Roller Coaster Tycoon Successors. Amazing game for people who liked the original RCT and RCT2. Sure Planet Coaster is better than this game but it is worth the price. Both are better than RTCW.
,Recommended,453090,22974819,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Meme Wizard,"Just found a bunch of mods on Parkitect Nexus, and really brings this great game to life. Pure joy! Looking forward to more updates and more themes!maybe even animals, dare I say it!"
76561198104040378,Recommended,453090,28538646,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pneumo,"To put it simply, if youre looking for a de cluttered, easier to use, up to date, easier to mod and share version of Rollercoaster tycoon 3, buy this game.Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 ,2 ,3, Theme park, Theme hospital, Transport tycoon, Zoo tycoon lovers will like this game. I own all of said titles, and have had many hours out of them over the years, so it being a clone, isnt a bad thing. Below is a description based upon today, playing with both RCT3 and Parkitect, before i wrote my review.However, it is basically just RCT3 clone with the edges made smoother. if youre on a budget, RCT3 is £7 and is complete with dlc, so many more rides and attrections.I would, in this state, say Parkitect is costing more than its curerent price, i'd say its worth around the same price that RCT3 is... at £7ish area.If you arent on a budget, and cant decide if you're buying RCT 1, 2 ,3 etc...and want a simple Theme park building/management game- buy Parkitect, its newer.Detailed Pro and cons below:At first, i couldnt help but compare it to Roller coaster tycoon 3, as i've had the game since it came out.I played for an hour on Parkitect, and was, at first dissappointed- its simpler graphics, the EXACT same game mechanics, as RCT3, prettymuch the exact same ride creation options and modifications, all the rides look very familiar...BUT-I decided, 1 hour into Parkitect,(just incase it fufilled the same Rollercoaster tycoon 'itch' as RCT3 did, and as to not waste  £13.50 that i just paid for Parkitect) -- that i'd play RCT3 to compare.Parkitect and Rollercoaster tycoon 3, are pretty much exactly the same game, despite what the developers of Parkitect say about it being more loosly based around RCT1+2, rather than RCT3. ...its basically RCT3, with elements of RCT1+2 (which i also have own, and have put many hours into both).HOWEVER- (Pro = *** , Con = ---)I did find that, RCT3 is also flawed, and said flaws have been removed within Parkitect, i'll explain a few-*** RCT1 2 +3 all have somewhat 'cluttered' menu's, and, to be honest, a few too many options for thing, of which weren't really that important, ...Parkitect has simplified, these menu's, and also have given shop food and drink stalls an easier to use slider to increase or decrease the amount of fillings withing food/drink, also, on the same 'page' - it tells you how much youre paying per item, and the profit.*** Walls Benches Bins, they can all now, with Parkitect- be usedon the same  floor tile, for instance, i reconised, RCT3 does not allow you to place a Wall with a Bench/bin/light infront of it. now you can.--- and +++ Staff 'Roaming' or 'Zoning' areas were seperated into their own areas, for instance, you could have a Mechanic and a Janitor working within the same area that you custom placed, and the areas would be shown seperately to one another when viewing the individual staff members 'roaming' or 'Zone' ... they'd overlap... Parkitect doesnt do this, they all share 'zone 1 2 3' etc. ...this may change in later updates - HOWEVER - RCT3 etc seemed to have been made so that, either the bins were too far away for Visitors to bother walking to, or that the visitors were bringing rubbish from home and disposing of it around your park... Parkitect seems to have been made so that Visitors arent lazy, or that they dont bring rubbish from home, therefor the Janitors have a much easier day at work, and your park doesnt look like a dump site. 3---Rollercoaster/track rides User Interface is prettymuch exactly the same.... but, that is also a good thing, becuase its familiar, and easier to use.*** RCT 1, 2, 3 all were a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥in terms of when laying a rollercoaster/ go kart track, that being when you make the coaster/track and then wish to raise or lower the terrain within/around it. - I mean that, in Parkitect- if you raise the terrain within/ around it, it will automatically make a tunnel for the ride if you raise the ground, and the land will continue to raise aroud it and look more 'natural'.  ...You could do this in RCT3 somewhat, but youd have to built the 'mountain' first, and then build the track through it, rather than being able to shape the land after youve build your ride. Thanks Parkitect.*** Trees etc, in RCT3 etc were being placed, can only be in the dead centre of a floor tile. Parkitect allows you to place it wherever you wish - and when you press the Alt (default) key, it'll snap it to the dead centre, giving you both options.---Rides/ shops are kinda limeted at the moment ( Dec 2016) but i'm certain that will change as the devs make more.--- Graphics are kinda a little basic currently, however i soon after realised, that, much like RCT1, 2, 3 etc - when building, you're usually at a mid distance from the park in order to see what youre doing, rarely ever being point blank with a ride...---However, and much like RCT games, the music for the ride only plays from point blank, seemingly other than the Ferris wheel, who's organ music get annoying after a while, plays at mid distance....+++ Depot - Theres a new core part to this game which adds the need to use a Depot. this structure, when added to a supply tube, can take rubbish from bins to the main gate to be disposed of ( something of which RCT didnt have), and also boxes of food /drink/ gifts/ produce when connected to toher supply tubes, so that your *NEW* staffmember- the 'Hauler'. This guy/gal takes the produce/ items that your shops need/ use to distribute the goods- ie, the burgers need buns and meat- the hauler takes the Burgerstand the buns in one box, and meat in the other. Somewhat of a new thing to do within RCT, little more realistic when compared to the shops in RCT just apprearing in the shop....The list goes on. Basically, Parkitect is an easy to use, simpler, up to date and game mechanic version of RCT series. It does  tick all the boxes that RCT does, you can share park blueprints and ride layouts, and use the Workshop.I bought it at £13.50 or somewhat, i feel like, considering RCT3 etc are all 'complete' and RCT3 platinum has loads more rides etc, but has its faults, is worth the current asking price of about £7, as an aging relic.Parkitect is a refreshed copy of RCT3, and it does it well. ...if you already have RCT 1, 2, 3 etc, still buy Parkitect, because you will have forgotten, much like myself, that all of them are flawed, even if they were worth every hour spent playing them.I look forward to further development."
76561197976682879,Recommended,453090,28211665,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,steevm,"Reviewing an early access title is a bit of a conundrum: do you rate the game as it is, or do you rate its potential? If you're looking for a TL:DR: Parkitect is already fun to play in its current state, and development so far has been promising.Parkitect is very much the spiritual successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 & 2; RCT 3 less so. It retains the isometric perspective of RCT2 and stays more or less true to its mechanics. Apart from the slightly different graphical style, you could easily be forgiven for thinking you are playing RCT2. And since RCT 2 was good fun, Parkitect is too. If you haven't played RCT 2, you'll just have to take my word for it that it is one of the best games of all time :)Does Parkitect offer anything much over RCT 2 though? Tough question to answer. There are some differences, most of them are good:The visual feedback of your coasters is great; the velocity, G forces et al are colour coded on an overlay.Stocking shops requires managing both the placement of infrastructure (employee pathways, depots, delivery systems) and hiring and assigning haulers.You have a bit more freedom when building roller coasters, and can build track at far more angles.It's moddable, and there are a number of mods already available. These include things like a peep/ride cams, new rides etc.Works on newer Windows versions (without hassle).Some of them less good:Assigning your workers to zones isn't handled well IMO. You can set up fixed zones that apply to all types of workers. Seeing as mechanics and janitors fulfill totally different roles and need to focus on different areas of the park, this is far from ideal.The default camera angle isn't always ideal when building coaster. You have less control over what elements to display than in RCT 2, where you could hide supports separately. This makes building coasters more difficult than it should be. You can however mod the camera, but you will still have a hard time making sense of multiple intersecting rides.When building, heights are only displayed for the coaster you are building. This exacerbates the problems above.Peeps currently prefer to ride flat rides over coasters.The financial side of things is currently very minimalistic. It's more of a sandbox at the moment, which is fine by me, but some people prefer more structure.Popping ballons seems harder.None of these are that big a deal for me, and I expect the game to be fleshed out more as development continues. As with any early access title, you can expect bugs and general weirdness. I've come across quite a number myself. The good thing is that the devs are really responsive. I reported an issue and the next day a dev had commented that the bug had been found and fixed.Updates have so far been steady, and overall it looks like there is a vision to the development process. The game is being built up in iterations, and the foundations are solid. While there is still a lot of scope for improvement, there's nothing in the game that is fundamentally broken or doesn't work at all.I would therefore recommend this game, and recommend supporting the devs in trying to bring their vision to fruition. They seem to be passionate and Parktiect has enormous potential, especially with modding support. And if you can turn a blind eye to some of the weirder bugs and the fact that some parts of the game are very rough at the edges (research, finances ...), you'll probably have fun playing it right now. So thumbs up for both potential and current fun factor."
76561198172934719,Recommended,453090,23828343,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Biggi3,"I saw this game when MattShea played it, and I was intrigued right away when I saw it. I hesitated at first, thinking I'd rather buy some other game, but then I bought it and I was not dissappointed. The amount of things you can do in this game are limitless, and for a person like me who loves games where you build and explore, I'm hooked. So if you are into games like Minecraft, Space Engineers, Stranded Deep, then you would find this game quite fun. I definetly recommend this game."
76561198089857361,Recommended,453090,31441570,Posted: 29 April,all,slilyhk,"Great game and I'm really enjoying your new updates. Here are a few suggestions and feedbacks:1. Would be great if the effort made in improving the park's aesthetics can contribute to the park's perception in some ways. For example, allow guests to react to the decorative constructions (eg. trees, rocks) like how they react to the park's ""cute raptors"", or let guests' tiredness gauge goes down a bit when they walk pass decorations.2. The game ALWAYS crashes when I save. I had no choice but to let the game autosave frequently. It's still kind of frustrating though.3. I had bought this game for months and during this entire time, I had always been looking forward to the improvement of the janitorf's AI. I understand that assigining zones can ease the problem of them not doing anything other than wandering, but making them a bit more sensitive to the surrounding won't hurt.4. Guests only prefer rides that are high in intensity and exictment. Quiet rides usually have only a few people queuing up but the exciting ones always suffer from long qeues. Adjustment of the rides' properties and prices have shown little effect. Would it be possible to add some varieties to guests? For example, elder perople and parents with children would prefer more peaceful rides like Carousel.5. The park is hardly making any profit at all. Although playing in sandbox mode does not have to bother with the problem of capital, it'd still be nice to improve this part a bit as this is after all a game about running a business.6. Would it be possible to add features that would temporarily boost the number of guests? For example, different means of advertisement and setting discounts for a certain group of target customers.7. More interactive decorations would be nice."
76561198097515508,Recommended,453090,32800715,Posted: 25 June,all,Where the Green Guy At,"I love this game. It really brings me back to my childhood playing roller coaster tycoon. This game is like a remastered version of roller coasteer tycoon one and two. Its fun to decorate the park, make rides, and make sure the park is clean and looks nice. But I found that the intenstity rating of lots of rides is kind of off. I built a small ride with a few turns and it rated it at very high intensity. Also the premade blueprints have diffrent ratings from if you were to build them yourself, I rebuilt one of the rides in the premade blueprints which was origanaly at high intensity and when i rebuilt it it was at very high intensity. I think that this game is already better then roller coaster tycoon one and two and its only in alpha. Overall I really love the game and cant wait to see what else the creators have to offer and i just wanted to point out one annoying thing."
76561198280556534,Recommended,453090,24416519,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MikeHunt,"5 Stars all around. It is still in early access so a little bug/lag here and there is okay. The game mechanics are so so simple and the graphics are beautiful. There is no ""story"" mode so at the moment it can get boring kinda easily. I hope their add something like that soon. Besides that one negative I give the game 10/10."
76561198001212616,Recommended,453090,22887587,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,abcxyzjt,"Wow: the only word to describe Parkitect. I have been a HUGE fan of RCT 1&2 since my windows 95. This takes everything i loved in those games and elevates it.  The customization in this game makes RCT look pathetic.  Make gorgeous scenery around your rides with half the effort, and twice the effect. The coaster creation tool sticks to the grid system we love, but expands it into a fluid system.  Allowing you to set the perfect banking for your turn, even if that should be a simple 5 degree bank.With all that said, lets remember it's in early access.  I hope to see many new rides and coasters join the line up in the months to come(Gotta have some go-karts!).  And I hope to see Senarios added in eventually, as I found half the fun in RCT1 was unlocking and exploring new parks and challenges.  I have extremely high hopes for this game, and the studio that makes it.  So what are you waiting for? It's a great game, Buy it!"
76561198084106342,Recommended,453090,22857828,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ree™,"Okay, let me just say this right now. If you are expecting high end graphics, dont get this.. just yet! This game surprised me. From the reviews, i thought it really was going to be like rct2 and etc. However, i was wrong. This game is completely different to rct2... in a good way though.Parkitect has a new feature which i havent seen in any other park simulation game, stocking your shops.  In my opinion, i thought it was pretty cool. Its new and more realistic.To break this down, here are the con's and pro's of Parkitect.Pro's:- different but realistic features such as shop stocking- allows you to place a variety of rides, shops and coasters including but not limited to:o The Haunted House(general ride) and the Suspended Monorail (transport ride)o The Mini Coastero Cash Machine and Balloon Shop- the guests in your park aern't as picky with rides like rct3 XD- there is a large variety of terraforming, building and scenery- the money system is not hard to manage but still provides you with a challenge to get in the greens- the path placer and ride queue and exists are easier than ever to place- simple and easy to learn controls once you play it for a bit- the create a coaster tool is simple to use- Neat and easy to use interface :D- The rating system with rides is different to most park simulation games which although can be confusing , makes it unique in its own way (still shows the high, medium and low rating next to the numbers)Con's-- Guests dont have a favourite ride (Personally this has always been a favourite in park simulation games)- no tutorial (hard to learn if you have not played many park simulation games such as the rct series)- not much of a variety of food and drink shops-  guests get tired really quickly, meaning there has to be alot of seating in your park for them to stay happy- there isnt much of a night in the  game like there was in similar park simulation games (the lights dont look any different to day)-  Barely any of the coasters have loops and corkscrews- when creating a rollercoaster, it can be confusing seeing it run through  back to the station while designing but after ,when testing, it wont make it back to the station- Not many seating options other than benches..,  (I would love to see tables implemented like wooden tables)- Entertainers only have one outift and cannot be changed (only the colour can)- glitches when a mechanic is fixing a ride ( cant get out of the exit, just freezes there)Overall, despite my number of cons, i still strongly recommend this game to people looking for a casual, fun and enjoyable park/business simulation game. I am confident most of the cons will be fixed by the time the finished version of the game is released. :)"
,Recommended,453090,22812747,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ReedME,"Drowing simulator 2016 10/10My hours are low as I've been playing this game prior to steam early access release!All jokes aside, this is the best Theme park game I've played since RCT2, Its a different niche to what Planet Coaster will be but it is already 10x the game that RCT:World is.IT IS Early access and a lot of features are coming down the pipeline but so far I am having an absolute blast! Love the art style!"
,Recommended,453090,25581720,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Arctos the Bear,"I bought this game after playing a not so legal copy over the last month. The month of playing the alpha was enough to convince me that the price was more than worth it and, to quote the game, that I wouldn't have minded paying  a little bit more.If you have fond memories of the original Roller Coaster Tycoon, and by that I mean, being able to tweak nearly every aspect of the business tycoon portion of the game including supply lines, there is a lot that Partict does to bring that wonderful experience to the game.The crazy thing is that this is still in Alpha. Yes, a lot of content is missing (i.e. Tutorial, descriptions for the various shops and facilities, a campaign mode, a functional economy). Right now, all you can play is sandbox... but dear lord if it isn't just a great sandbox. I can't imagine what this will be like when it reaches beta, much less, final completion.There is already a thriving custom creator community (similar to that of RCT1 and RCT2), as well as, a modding community housed at the parkitect nexus website.---------tl;dr - Tons of potential, already as good as Theme park (bullfrog) and RCT1. Missing campaign and tutorial... but is very intuitive.Highly Recommend!"
,Recommended,453090,31430460,Posted: 28 April,all,MyGuyNoah,"A fantastic modern recreation of Chris Sawyer's original Roller Coaster Tycoon games. If you are a fan of those, I can guarantee you'll be a fan of this."
76561198032569166,Recommended,453090,22896699,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Jeef,Lots of potential here. In it's early access state it's already very good.
,Recommended,453090,27439727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FalcoN,"Feels a lot like RCT1 and 2 and you can already spent countless hours building, managing and optimizing stuff - despite the fact that the game still is in alpha state.The things where you'll notice the early state, are a relatively low amount of props and eventually fps issues when you zoom out on a large map fully packed with a lot of stuff. The game currently also only has a sandbox scenario, and also won't provide you with any kind of tutorial. All things I'm confident the devs will get sorted out over time, also considering the fact that the game already has an active community providing a lot of workshop content and giving feedback (to which the devs actively respond).All in all: If you miss the original RCT1/2 gameplay and loved playing the sandbox scenario, and also like trying to figure out things yourself (remember, no tutorial) you should give it a try. Imo its already definitely worth the money!"
,Recommended,453090,25389624,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Caped Crusader,"Highly enjoyable theme park management sim very much in the style of the first two RollerCoaster Tycoon games. Parkitect currently receives excellent ongoing developer support and also has a good variety of custom rides, concession areas, and parks available via the Steam Workshop.Some important business-related features need to be fleshed out more, mainly with tracking revenue, and the number of included rides is a little light, but I trust those will be added as more updates roll out and the game in its current form is still a lot of fun. The way you build coasters is really exceptional - intuitive and easy, but with lots of depth to how you can modify the tracks to maximize excitement."
,Recommended,453090,25956043,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RelyingFoot27,"Parkitect is amazing. there is sooo much for you to do. I reccommed this game to people who love slow staedy games, or building games, but even if you rush through this game you should have loads of content. If you run out of content ,or your not creative you can seek your needs via the mod support, and steam workshop! The graphics (In my opinion) are nice, and comes with a great art style. Almost everything about the game is wonderful, but like any other game (especially in Early Access). If you want to avoid some bugs then I suggest waiting a month or two. You can't expect updates often because there are only 3 devolopers.-RelyingFoot27October,9th,2016"
,Recommended,453090,25789948,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,shelleyphant,"For an early access alpha... It's better than most finished games. The animation is adorable, and you can build some really detailed things with the limited scenery. But the all-important coasters.... Amazing! So easy to build, and a great variety too. And if building break-neck coasters isn't your thing, there's also a bunch of pre-build plans; so you can get a decent park together fast."
,Recommended,453090,23807193,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cybernated Wolf,It's more or less a fan remake of Roller Coaster Tycoon with mod support....which is AWESOME
76561198398241763,Recommended,453090,34542355,Posted: 27 August,all,SpicyTurtle_,This is a great game with endless possibilities. Totally recommend.ONE THING THEY NEED TO ADD IS RIDE CAM!
,Recommended,453090,26235098,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,minimaL,"Quick Review:PoopWhy?MehSureOkayNiceDecent ⇦FantasticWowPerfectionThe Full Review:FactorsScore*DescriptionGameplayFantastic*Solid, enojoyable play can be experienced , with the exception of a few lag spikes caused by rain. In terms of content, there is a lot to do - even at this early stage but there is definitely room for improvement and addition of features (likely to come in future updates) There are a few minor irritating aspects of the game, for 		example: fiddly placement of objects and annoying selection, but as time goes on hopefully so will these frustrating features.GraphicsDecent*The graphics of the game in current state are nice, however I have experienced many graphical glitches whilst playing that ruin the feel of my park and quite honestly don’t look good. The isometric style is pleasing to the eye, and light and shading is also give a nice feel. People in the game look fantastic and emotion is 		extremely clear, improving the overall mood of your game. There are also very nice models of food, drinks and souvenirs which can be seen in the people’s hands and that for me, gets me excited. Overall detail is very good, with a few graphical glitches.SoundNice*Music in the game is very limited, as well as background noise. You can constantly hear the same tune repeating again and again, without a nice smooth transition but an obvious cut between each play. This is annoying but can be overcome by listening to something else on a different screen. The actual music isn’t bad, but the 	selection of tracks is extremely limited and can become annoying. Background noise is a bit better in the fact that you only tend to hear finite detail if you scroll in close. However, the other ambience noise is nice and calming but cannot often be heard over the music and the sound of people screaming. This can be changed in the 	settings I know, but I feel that the default volume of certain noises is too loud.ControlsFantastic*There are not many controls in the game, and personally, I like it that way. I feel that my overall game experience is lessened when I am presented with a list of hundreds of different controls. I like to keep it simple, and that is what Parkitect does for me. The controls that are present are simple and are your usual controls but, 	you are given the option to have a key for every menu and build mode, making it easier for the players who prefer to play that way.OVERALL SCOREDecent**All scores can be found in the key at the top of the review"
,Recommended,453090,24226308,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,algorithmsUntied,"This game is fantastic. Once you get past the first initial time spent figuring out the menus and controls, it is an awesome coaster building experience.The primary fun for me in this game is building coasters. I have already spent tons of hours with the editor. To sum up my thoughts on it: It feels rough and clunky, but much less rough and clunky than RCT2. I would place it at some sort of midpoint between RCT2 and RCT3. Once you figure out how to really use the tools to your full advantage, making a fun coaster is pretty easy. There is a giant learning curve to it though. There are a lot of options and how they work in tandem doesn't really make sense at first glance. This game is surely in need of some career mode missions that teach how to work the coaster builder. (A similar statement goes for shop management.)There is some lag (framerate drops for large parks) in this game, be aware. This is because they are using the Unity engine, from what I have read on the dev blog. This lets the game be cross platform with minimal hassle, so I understand and respect the choice.The game lags about the same amount regardless of if I am playing it on my high-powered desktop (Windows 10) or my travel laptop (Ubuntu Linux 16.10). The lag was pretty bad for large parks when I first got it, but with each patch it keeps going down by a little bit. As for how much better it will get in the end I cannot say. Consistent improvement is happening with each update though!All in all, this game is awesome. I wish I had known about it during the Kickstarter so I could have donated back then!PS: While there is no ability to ride the rides built in, someone made a coaster cam mod and it is avaiable on ParkitectNexus. Works great on my laptop and desktop."
76561198110857337,Recommended,453090,22968914,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,JPgmer,For an early access alpha release this game feels really good. I have not seen any major bugs and really only a minor glitch here or there. Plenty of things to do and can't wait to see where it goes. A good game for me makes time just fly by. I thought I had only played for maybe 20 minutes and 2 hours had flown by. The Mod community seems active as well. I found great mods and blueprints with very little effort which is always a plus for me. I don't usually review games but this one needs mentioning. It's good now and will only get better I think. Kudos. The Devs are also involved and reply to questions in a timely manner. All around an enjoyable experience. I like watching my little park quests wander around and the information they provide is very useful.Get it. Play it. Enjoy it. I know I sure am. Well worth the investment.
,Recommended,453090,23007479,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Broad,"I really like the aspect of the game; it is very much like Roller Coaster Tycoon, but more modern and offers a lot more to do. I'm very excited to see how the game progresses, especially if it involves a campaign. A tutorial would be helpful as well. Other than that, it is still in the very early stages of the game, and just not ready for long-term play quite yet."
,Recommended,453090,23634589,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,心淼,"PROS: Very fun park building experience. I was very surprised by the range of options and flexibility of the design tools. I love the fact that even though it is grid based many of the decorations are not bound to the grid. I was also blown away by the animations, when you place an item down on the ground not only does it animate but the surrounding park reacts to it. I like the fact that the shops need to be stocked. With everything already in the game there is also a lot of mods available, so far I've only tried the day/night mod and really enjoy seeing my isometric parks at night!CONS: Currently only sandbox mode is available. This may be a pro for some, but for me after a while I get bored with the limitless options, even in the sandbox mode I would like to see a little more challenge, so far I don't think I've accidently made any of my guests mad, but maybe that's because I've played the older more classic rollercoaster simulation games enough that I know what to do to keep people entertained. Also my money is in the negative and I can still make purchases. Even in sandbox mode I think money should be a limiting factor or just don't have any money values listed."
76561198118304669,Recommended,453090,22874635,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Arios Achttienachtennegentig,"What a spectacular early alpha game. It's basically a modern remake of RCT2, and it absolutely nails it. This game has a lot of potential and I can't wait to see it progress over time!"
76561197976563687,Recommended,453090,29575707,Posted: 29 January,all,A+,"Over the years I have been looking for a game that recaptures the magic of RTC 1&2, and nothing has come close. For one reason or another, the other games just left me feeling like things were missing. I have played Plannet coaster, RTC 3, and even though Parkitect is not finished yet, it has delivered everything I've been wanting in a Theme Park simulator since RTC2.The sandbox mode is super enjoyable, (all thats available at the time of this writing). I just hit pause, and design a park the way I want. The attention to detail is immense, from the color options, to the choice and options available to build a structure.Parkitect, being in early access, is highly polished, and works very well. It still has things to work on; adding a campaign, a few more options here and there, as well as a few quality of life improvements within the games functionality.I am genuinely excited to see this game progress, I know it will just continue to get better as time goes on."
76561198026607781,Recommended,453090,31514677,Posted: 2 May,all,Elephunk,"Right now, I think this game earns a solid B+With any early access game, this is under the expectation that the developers continue work and meet their stated goals. In its current state, the game is highly playable and sort of fun.Playability is critical for any game in early access, which is no excuse for releasing a half-baked idea. Here, the game has a lot of unique assets and is very polished. The roller coaster building system is well-planned. The player has lots of room for creative control, allowing players to easily adapt to any terrain or project design. The game also does a great job at giving you detailed information about both your roller coasters and your park in general. Park settings and controls are sufficient, but probably the most lacking in terms of raw featuresI described the game earlier as ""sort of fun"" because it currently lacks any meaningul objectives for players to set out to achieve. Shortly into a map I always begin asking ""what's the point?"" The developers are still working on campaigns and other features that should provide more meaning and purpose for the player. But in its current state its purely a sandbox game where you create mostly for the sake of creating. There's no consequence for going into debt and money is not a real problem.I feel satisfied when I make a good roller coaster, and I feel satisfied when I have what I think is a finished park. But once I hit those points, I always come back to the question, ""what's the point?"""
76561198199098709,Recommended,453090,26607598,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,bigoakley02,"I'm sorry, but this is better than Planet Coaster.Just letting it sink in.I understand that Planet Coaster is only in beta, so I'll change this review when it released (if I need to), but I just feel that parkitect has more freedom, even if it's not perfect at the moment. I prefer the coaster designing in parkitect because I'm fussy; you can give tracks full 180° rolls in this, however we're limited to 90° on Planet Coaster. That was a big advantage for me. Also parkitect feels like it has more of a soul than Planet Coaster, which becomes ""let's cram in scenery so the coasters are popular"". This isn't how you make a good park.Overall, I think that both Parkitect and Planet Coaster are great games, but Parkitect just has the edge at the moment.10/10(9/10 for Planet Coaster)"
76561198419733523,Recommended,453090,34944865,Posted: 14 September,all,GamerDudeTycoonLover,"It has that Rollercoaster tycoon 1 and 2 vibe. It has simplistic yet beautiful graphics. Its like the modern version of RCT but with more features and suchSome of the downsideslacks a tutorialsometimes lags or freezes while playinglacks content, scenarios and such (It is still in early access so it's not yet a big deal)overall: Parkitect is a fun game to try and enjoy and seems to be a very promising game!"
76561198087093298,Recommended,453090,22853738,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RockO,ok wow...give me my money back for rctw...this game blows it out of the water...so much fun...great jpb on this game and more to come ..well worth the 20 bucks...this is what fans of roller coaster tycoon are looking fortwo thumbs up...buy this gamethis game runs like a dreamso much funthe people and everything in the park runs great for a early access gamecant wait to see what else comes out..the workshop is getting bigger everyday...yes buy the game its worth it...brings back the fun u had playing all the tycoon roller coaster games
,Recommended,453090,34793665,Posted: 7 September,all,N00byGamerPlayz,I played it before planet coaster. It's good!
76561198075388122,Not Recommended,453090,27290501,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rocketscribble,"Ive had a good try at this game, but i found myself getting bored very quickly.Having played so many park builders as a child i had hoped that this would fill the void. but it just feels stale. lacks creative input and simply not that fun.I'm really sorry to say it. Had hoped to love it."
76561198046724755,Recommended,453090,29704248,Posted: 4 February,all,L∆∆X,"Still a little buggy - but nothing you wouldn't expect from an alpha-early-access-game.Totally looks and feels like RCT - literally like an EXACT COPY of RCT, which is great when you love RCT like most people do!"
,Recommended,453090,22928109,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Pipsqueak,"I've played this game for two hours so far, so that entitles me to put my opinions on the internet!- The GoodSpiritual successor to RCTCoaster design is handled quite well, you're given a great deal of flexibility while still keeping to the gridFree-form scenery placement that can also be snapped to gridTUNNELSEntrances and exits can turn 90 degrees- The BadMatching elevation on coasters pieces can be a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes if you're not being mindfulOnly one slope option for pathsCartoon-ish graphics (Though this is personal preference)Syncronised stations can be a bit buggyBlueprints do not include terraforming- The Early-AccessOnly one music track for rides I HOPE YOU LIKE CAROUSEL ORGAN MUSICNo water ridesCan't change from one slope to anotherCan't use Block brakes to cram more trains onto a short stationI want my squirrel topiary back!Is this game worth your money?If you don't mind an unfinished but still very playable rollercoaster park management game, yes!"
76561198119202220,Recommended,453090,30401999,Posted: 8 March,all,dragonsawareness,Love this game. Love how its advailable for linux and plays without issues. Reminds me of RCT2 and I miss that game so much. But this game is what RCT3 should have been!
76561198257717501,Recommended,453090,23081822,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,JoeyE3™,"I remember playing RCT as a kid, well here we have RCT 2.0Pros:- Steam workshop with great mods, this game has an awesome community. The devs are really active as well!- Early access but already a fantastic management and building game- Amazing (and detailed) coaster builder- You are literally able to paint every single wall, so you can get very creative when building your own park + you can build shops inside other buildings- Works good on older computers and laptops even with multiple modsCons:- Due to it being early access the game lacks windows, attractions and some other stuff(this is the only thing that comes to mind) but the devs are working on itHighly recommend this = 9/10"
76561198091943143,Recommended,453090,28516171,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FreadyB123,"Man, For a game that is in Alpha state this is incredible! I feel as though i am playing a game in beta! This is worth the cheaper price of $17.99. As i played i haven encountered many glitches, but there is a lack of things, BUT i dont think that is a problem as this game is in Alpha state! I have loads of fun playing this game for hours on end. I cant wait for more updates!I also belive this game is better than "" Roller Coaster Tycoon World "" and Planet Coaster.- Enjoy!- - Frank"
,Recommended,453090,22815507,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AA,"I have been following Parkitect for some time now and was eagerly awaiting the business simulation games release on Steam before I purchased it.Parkitect is reminiscent of the classic Rollercoaster Tycoon titles, right down to the isometric view and world charm.  In Parkitect, you must build a theme park from the ground up while managing finances, stock and staff.  Personally, this has been one of the most engrossing parts of the gamel; finding new ways to manage and balance finances.  For example, will guests come to your park if you charge a $30 entry fee with all rides at $0.30?  Damn right they will!The main focus, however is on designing and creating a theme park from scratch.  You will be given a very substantial plot of land and a large amount of cash to get your park off the ground.  From here, you must entice guests to come to Mr. Fun's Funpark of Fun and spend all of their hard earned cash by pulling it from their cold dead hands in any way possible.  People need to pee, right?  Charge for toilet usage!This game also gives you the ability to build rollercoasters' piece by piece that gives you the power to create the rollercoaster of your dreams, before charging out the♥♥♥♥♥for it.The overall look, feel and charm of Parkitect is much like that of RollerCoaster Tycoon. Guests feel like they are experiencing your creations first hand. The ride music and ambience of chattering guests and rattling coasters make sure that your theme park comes to life.Parkitect seemingly has modding built in it from the ground up, with the game featuring a modding menu and steam workshop integration that is akin to that of Cities: Skylines where players have the ability to create and upload their creations to the Steam Workshop for other business-savy players to make use of.  For example, I was in-game and placed a small eco park right in to the centre of my buzzing theme park.  Simple as that.  I believe that the type of modding integration available in Parkitect will vastly increase the games' longevity.Right now the only game mode is a sandbox mode where all rides, shops, utilities, paths, etc are unlocked from the get go.  Hopefully in the future, we may see challenge modes or game modes where everything is not unlocked from the beginning.Hopefully as the games development trundles on we will see the admission of new rides, shops, utilities and decorations. As well as new ways to pressure guests in to funnelling all of their cash in to your dirty corporate pockets.Parkitect is a title that you should be paying attention to if you have any passing interest in simulation, strategy or management games or have played other titles like Rollercoaster Tycoon, Theme Park World or Theme Hospital.However, this game is still in Alpha and is constantly being improved upon.  You can keep up-to-date through the developers website or the Steam forums where patch information is posted.In a time where RollerCoaster Tycoon World exists, you should be buying, or at the very least, keeping an eye on Parkitect."
,Recommended,453090,32054946,Posted: 29 May,all,MeltingMonsterManBrolosovitch,This game has so much potential it could be the roller coaster tycoon we have all been waiting for
,Recommended,453090,28108825,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Voodoo,"A pleasant surprise of updated RCT like gameplay with stylized graphics that work well with the overall theme.Held off of the purchase of Parkitect for a while due to Early Access branding but eventually decided to try it out. Surprised at how smooth and fluid the game feels for such a indie forthcoming game. The stylized graphics add its charm to everything but still manage to hold a strong 60fps. So far from what I played, the new mechanics such as depot deliveries adds a spice to the game that blends in well with old RCT gameplay. With mod support for basic blueprints of rides/buildings, I can see this quickly becoming a modern replacement for RCT.A few minor cons is: UI could use some work. If its there, I did not see it but a UI window for Peep's thoughts were be very beneifical. Could use a variety of more props, coasters, shops, etc. Tutorial is missing. Perhaps a better way of maintain shop stockpile besides throwing a bunch of haulers at 1 contained zone.Overall, very impressed and looking forward to more updates to add the polishing touches on an already great game."
,Recommended,453090,25896884,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,NathannAlgren,"When i first bought the game initially, was a great game. After some patches there were constant bugs happening, since it was a very early acces game; it was reasonable also frustrating.BUT! I just get started to playing the game now(in 2017 first days of August ), and almost game is free of bugs , and it's so fun.BUT! There are some cons, like an Ai inteligence is poor, and not in depth. There are some weaknesses that cause people cant figure things out that they could easily, for example like figuring exit from an island with $0 cost transportation and trying to find a road that dont exist (from out of island ). Anyway these kinds of problems isnt a big deal since u play the game with ur great imagination and all exciting projects in ur mind that keep u busy and progressive. So whoever dislike the game in same situation that i had, lacks imagination and creativity imo. So that saying don't bother useless reviews just say game sucks, unless u lack imagination and creativity either. :)Let's try to summarise the pros and cons as demonstrating a very simple narrotive as this;PROS :+ Reasonable and good enough game depth  ( Ai inteligence, decent economic and dynamic developments and changes, variety of  guesses' personalities, demands/cost logic, park fame due to few couple of things that keep you challenge good enough to upgrade and do better in terms of couple things simultaneously, fair enough feel of time&change concept, etc.)+ Good graphs and informative visuals ( not that great and plenty and in depth but it works.)+ Great balance of graphics quality and smoothness of gameplay , no irritating fps drops, maybe slightly when u have a giant park, with a decent pc as mine. )+ Graphics of game is simple but good enough to feel the atmosphere of park feel.CONS :- Not in depth Ai intelligence and some unreasonable acts of ai. ( Not much )- There are some bugs, that sometimes ruin gameplay, for example ( the most occuring ) : sometimes there are some road parts that can not cleanable by janitors ( probably because they cant detect the trashes on road and other dirts in that area, and it cause ur guesses feel bad about it and reviews about ur park decline because of that.)After i renew this review i noticed a new patch  : Devlog Update 155 + Alpha 16And here is one of the first fix of the patch :""The janitors and mechanics got improved a bit to recognize trash and vandalized objects on adjacent tiles instead of only on the tile they’re standing on. Additionally all staff wandering behaviour has been improved a bit to make them less likely to step on tiles they’ve recently visited. This makes them cover their area more uniformly and should increase their efficiency a bit (and makes them seem a bit smarter).""So i highly recommend u to buy this if you're looking for a management sim game like this, its like one of the best in its own genre beside Football Manager series."
,Recommended,453090,23393618,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Gloryhole Edwards,Captures the classic RCT feel with a new and updated take on the original series.
,Recommended,453090,24065524,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Boneless Cock | skinhub.com,Very good game. Tip: Don't spam workers thinking you don't have to pay them. I don't know why I did this but I learned it the hard way.
76561198023319831,Recommended,453090,33204223,Posted: 3 July,all,Shipwrecked,"I first saw this game mentioned in a Youtube video, and thought I would check it out. And I have to say, I'm glad I did. It's a pretty well made game, even for early access. It has a good selection of content, and is seemingly updated about once a month. Unlike some other EA games, this one is also very stable. It is very RCT 1 and 2 like, although it has a much better building editor and is more detailed in that shops have to be kept supplied with goods in order to function. There is no campaign as of yet, although there are custom scenarios. Overall I highly recommend this one. It's a nice mixture of old and new, and if the dev's plans of having it out soon go correctly, it will be a great successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon."
,Recommended,453090,26881876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alpha-6,It's time im putting my foot down on Parkitect- Let's beginSo after countless hours offline and a bit online i can personally say that this is a perfect alternative if you can't run or buy Planet Coaster (this game should be able to run on most PC)Disclaimer: Do not buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥that is Rollercoaster Tycoon WorldPros:Lots of fun:Still in Alpha and alredy feel finished:Awesome developers:Cheap and good alternativeCons::Can feel a bit boring sometimes:Some performance issues if you zoom out too much:No first person ride modeBut afterall i give the basic game a 8/10 and with nexus mods 9/10
76561198059559363,Recommended,453090,25614006,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Metallipunk1977,"I sometimes feel like I am not very imaginative but this game has sparked some creativity for me. This game is very reminiscent of the old RCT like most reviewers have said. I've had a lot of fun, especially with making buildings to go around the stalls. It does help to have seen some really good YT videos recently. This game will definitely stay in my normal rotation ."
,Recommended,453090,24315986,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BlackStarr911,"A Solid 5/7, performance is my only issue at the moment once I got to 1000 on site visitors I had to lower the quality to medium smh.[Edit]Another minor thing I have noticed it the balancing of whats considers desirable by the people who visit the park, ill have roller coasters struggling to half fill their carts but then have little fairground rides like the spiral slide and the enterprise absolutely ram packed."
76561198119574464,Recommended,453090,25959136,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Limozeen,"Reads Thoughts about park""This Park is boring.""Well Mr. Antonio Washington, do you not find any enjoyment out of that absurdly large sombrero you have purchased from my park? Do you not get enjoyment from riding the monorail? Which is your favorite ride, because of course it is, thats how sad of a person you are. Do you not appreciate the selection of rides including Drop Towers, Rollercoasters and Farris Wheels? Do you regret having the thought that this park is boring? You will have a lot of time to think about these questions and many more as I trap you in my newly built prison, built to house a sole inhabitant, you. From this prison you can view the park as I lower prices for all my loyal attendees, who wouldn't dare have such a thought as to call this park ""boring"". You'll also get to view my brand new monorail built to be much more... monoraily than the first, I'm sure you would love to ride it, you may even find it fun, but you can't because you are trapped. Everyone will be able to see you, and should they ever think the park is boring, I will drown them, and you will wish you were drowned because you will be trapped forever. Goodbye Mr. Washington, try not to get ""bored"" in there.10/10 Would turn into an evil A.I again.Worth full price, even in early alpha."
,Recommended,453090,22870356,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Monarchco,"It's a good game in it's current state, but it certainly has a lot of work to be done still.My largest issue with the game currently, is the fact that janitors don't have a job queue. So unless they ""wander"" near a restroom, they won't clean it. even if it's 100% dirty. The same goes for trash cans, and dirty pathways.Currently the best solution is to use the pick up/drop feature to put Janitors in the areas with problems, and you'll have repeat the process every so often.overall the game is good where it is at now, but I'd certainly like to see more development."
76561198007130208,Recommended,453090,31606406,Posted: 7 May,all,waldo,"Great game already, and it's still in early release. The management part is good and much more is planned and I am looking forward to, there are more rides to come, the track manipulatin of the roller coaters is fantastic. As long as this dev team keeps doing what they are doing and adding content, this is going to be a great final product. I recommend for anyone who enjoys theme park management and simulation games."
,Recommended,453090,25060667,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Turtle,"I personly love this game and think it has a good future. It's like roller coaster tycoon but with more variation and option of rides, which I'm sure will increase from it's current state. You can also design your own buildings and decorate your rides freely. The workshop is a great addition to people who want a pretty park but can't build for themself as it is full of endless rides/buildings.However the only bad things I've found so far is that after a certain point the game gets laggy due to the amount of etities which should be fixed after early access (I don't have an amazing PC, but it's above average, but could be helped with more RAM). The other bad thing they havn't added but stated they will add is more gamemodes as sandbox is the only gamemode so far. But the game is being updated alot and has a blog stating whats new/fixed.Overall I think the game has a open feeling as their isn't much restrictions and doesn't have you waiting for more stuff to be added. If you like tycoon style games which involves personality to it, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,453090,33131975,Posted: 2 July,all,Sunny D,"It's like RCT 1 except the same and with more graphs and stuff to do, hopefully the devs keep updating the game.What more could I possibly ask for?"
76561198035602423,Recommended,453090,22901070,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cornstalk,Super Awesome game with tons of potentials! Definitely recommend to anyone!
76561198248211252,Recommended,453090,24640841,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,VactionGuy,This game is extremely fun as my first time playing i have only played it for 29 minutes and i love the game already
,Recommended,453090,24151049,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jramatic,Absolutely amazing game with committed devs updating it weekly. This game has so much to offer and the fact that it's only in alpha blows my mind. Can't wait to watch this game grow and fully bring back RCT's Legacy!
76561198270098572,Recommended,453090,24168762,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Smit,Bought this game two days ago and i have already realised how much i love this game.I love how i can relate this to being a re-make of Roller Coaster Tycoon but in a more Cartoonified definition.I'm just learning about everything atm however every aspect of this game is incredible so far. Although when turning objects like logs etc i would like to see the devs make it so you could place it at every angle rather than having it at 4 angles.10/10 Would buy this again.
76561198143390685,Recommended,453090,24170388,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,pianogrinder,"I love it. Just tested it out and was not disappointed. It plays like the old RCT2 but I have a couple mods I downloaded, coastercam and peep cam and now it resembles RCT3. I like how placing things is grid based and the coaster editor is very easy to use. I know parkitect still has a long ways to go but from what i've seen it all runs pretty good.There are pre made parks in the load section but they have no missions or goals.Cons: no tutorials for first time users. (I have been playing RCT3 so I know how everything works similar to this game.)lags somewhat when you zoom all the way out and pan around. Haven't seen guests reactions yet but I think there will be those in the future. No tutorials for first time users and no missions or goals in the pre made parks.All in all it's a very fun game. Sandbox mode is the best place to test out your custom coasters. I heard a lot of bad things about RCTworld and definitley staying away from that. To me, it's the next best thing to RCT3 without the RCT name.So this game gets the pianogrinder stamp of approval. :)"
,Recommended,453090,23444700,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Carpy,"For someone who's been trying to get a roller coaster simulator game for months without the hassle of going over to Windows, I'd highly suggest this game for people that want to have fun with roller coasters. There are a few cons but those are things that can be situated later on since this is however still in Early Access.Pros-Fun to play-Pretty much lag free-Music is catchy-You can build rides in more degrees (no pun intended)-Roller Coasters are easy to build-Simple and fun-Land and water features are easy to learn-Statistics and ratings are easy to trackCons-Biggest one: Not enough variety-Not big enough land to build-Not a lot of scenery-No 'No Entry' Signs-Needs more stores-Needs more pathway designs-The angle is very confusing as well as graphics, but it is still playable with easeI honestly don't care about scenarios and prebuilt parks. I just think that there should be a custom sandbox mode (like RCT2) Being honest. I love the game, but sadly I get bored of it fairly quickly when I don't really want to. I feel in order for me to play longer, I'd need to see different kinds of roller coasters as well as more flat rides. I do however see good hopes for this game"
,Recommended,453090,23322803,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,banzaimonkey,"So far this is basically a clone of Rollercoaster Tycoon, with 3d graphics and less content (sandbox only so far). The graphics are pretty nice but there are some gameplay features that are missing from RCT (there\'s no research or park scenarios, for example), and not a lot in the way of innovation, though there is stock / inventory system for your shops and kiosks which is new. However, everything thatisimplemented is super polished and feels like a finished game in terms of quality (just not enough content yet, imo).Compared to RCT there are some overall improvvements in the interface and details. Placing paths is much easier and you have a lot more control over coaster construction (including being able to customize the bank on curves) though there are some quirks. For example, even though the graphics are 3d the game is still pinned to a x/y grid and some track segments can\'t be used at 45 degrees. I guess simplifies the engine a bit.And finally, the big thing missing compared to RCT is the variety. Obviously this game is early in the development stage but I think it will really be more fun later when there is more variety in attractions, coasters, styles, and most importantly, scenarios (and possibly some other kind of content gating). Right now it\'s a sandbox and although the core mechanics are well executed it\'s not super compelling in terms of gameplay loop and rewards.I spent hundreds of hours playing RCT back in the day and this game is so far a dutiful homage to the classic. I\'m sure over time as more content is added it will be even more fun, but I\'d love to see some innovation in the gameplay or game systems department.If your primary fun factor in RCT was just designing the coasters, you will enjoy what\'s here so far.But if you got more enjoyment out of the business / sim / scenario side of things that part is not really there yet. Overall I would recommend buying this now if you want to show your support, but wait if you want more content to explore."
76561197993560496,Recommended,453090,22926759,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Danny1979,"amazing game, far better than rctw, it's in alpha but already worth to play it."
,Recommended,453090,22961141,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,PandasHateKale,"This game is excellent! Even though it is just sandbox at the moment, it is so much fun and has amazing potential. I can't wait to see what it turns into! The modding and workshop community is already large and I can see it only getting bigger in the future.(https://parkitectnexus.com/assets/mod?sort=hot_score&page=1)Great job developers!"
76561198065445989,Recommended,453090,22930846,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,KujataSylver,"I love this game! Currently, it is only in Early Access and there are a few minor bugs that are being actively worked out.Pros:It's both challenging and satisfying to build your own roller coaster.There are pre-made roller coasters in case you don't want to build your own.You can zone sections of the parks so employees aren't wandering the entire park.If you do find a bug, the tech team responds very quickly when you put it up on the forum.It's fun to read what the customers are thinking and see how much money they've spent.Cons:Graphics aren't great but they're alright.Currently, there is only Sandbox mode.No tutorial.If you have a lot of employees you can't assign the zone for the last one (I have already brought this up to the dev team)"
76561198046680406,Recommended,453090,22921742,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,skkni28,"Right now it has the bones of a very good game but lacks a lot of finish.  I'd definitely recommend it on a sale or even after a few more updates.Money is included but currently is meaningless.  You can build to your hearts content regardless of how far into debt you go.  No tech tree, etc, either yet.Still I recommend it."
,Recommended,453090,22817494,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Google Chrom,"Parkitect is an amusement park building game like Rollercoaster Tycoon that is better than the other Rollercoaster game I played this year, that being RCTW. This game costs lower and is easier to get into building a rollercoaster than RCTW and performs better."
,Recommended,453090,22822268,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,OnPointRideOp,"If you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon then this is the game for you. It has expanded upon the basic gameplay from that, thrown in a hint of the Sims and released a great piece of work. This is only day 1 of the early access and it has ablsolutly blown me away. There is a large selection of rides and scenery with more promised to come in future updates and from the community. I am still learning the interface but it is easy to pick up.The gameplay needs a few balancing tweaks here and there but I am very impressed with it for a Day 1 early acess release in Alpha. The sandbox is a great way to just play around and learn the game with few restrictions.The soundtrack is amazing. It is very relaxing, yet upbeat and fun. There are enough songs so that they do not get annoying having to listen to the same song over and over again. The caroucel is actually several recorded clips of music from a Wurlitzer 162 organ which is a real nice touch.I love the artwork as well. It took me a few minutes to get used to it but now I love it! It was made even better by ramping up the graphics. I have a GeForce 750M 2gb card in my laptop and it ran  beautifully on max settings except for a few seconds of initial stutter.I am very excited to see what the developers bring to this game. It is a solid product worth $30-$40 as it is right now. I can't wait to see how it grows!"
76561198090660842,Recommended,453090,23644595,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Hilen,A++   Fun Fun Fun for all ages!!!  (thanks for the adjustable UI text so my wife can see better and play the game!)  Very well done in all aspects of the game!  A must have for FUUUN!!!
,Recommended,453090,25471725,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,indievoyagerob,"Oh my hot damn. This game is great, even in Early Access. It's super reminiscent of RCT 1 and 2, and you can even throw some of the old Bullfrog Theme Park in there. At the moment, it's the most worthy successor, as RCT World is in such a ridiculously early stage, I question their sanity of putting it in Early Access so soon.Highly reccommended. I'll be spending a lot of time, here."
,Recommended,453090,24141597,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,Do you like Roller Coaster Tycoon?YEA!Do you like theme parks?YES!Do you like $99.99 Popcorn?UH-HUH!Do you want to die on a death-ti-fying coaster becuase your screw-up mom banned you from your PC and made you suicidleHOLEY FU*KING T1TS YESThen die already and buy the game!!!!!!!!!! (that's a lot of exilmation marks)This game is SO for you(unless you don't want to be addicted to such a game!)
,Recommended,453090,24163539,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,FAM,Very fun and addictive.... I recommend
76561198065433586,Recommended,453090,23341499,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheRealNorr,"If you love Sandbox games, BUY THIS GAME!huh? you want a review? Fine!Pros:* Can build you own rollercoasters with ALOT of building tools and a huge amount of rollercoaster variations.* Alot of decorations and ability to repaint decorations/carousels/rollercoasters etc.* Have never hard crashed or seen any gamebreaking glithces. (yet)* Can save youre builds on a so-called blueprint (basicley you highlight an area and can save that and use it on other parks, or put it on the steam workshop so others can download said blueprint).* Looks great.Cons:* No cloud save* Few carousels (needs ALOT more).* Must place shops/carousels/rollercoaster on land ""first"".* Can only place Lampposts/benches/trashcans etc on the ""edges"" of roads (wich is super annoying, but understandable)* land is not included in blueprints.* No tutorial ( Again this is early access)* Minor bugs ever so often* No page for changing all shop/attraction prices at once. (have to click and change the price and stuff for every single one)* Huge framerate problems when zooming out on youre park, and when using view options (for example hiding walls and object) the game freezes for a brief moment every time you use this.If you love to build and decorate youre own theme park, then DEFINLEY BUY THIS GAME!it is one of the best building/park simulation games i have ever played.however at its current state you will get bored after about 15 hours of playing it, and for 18 euro?!? its not reallly worth it unless you really like building/park simulation games. (like me) then you will definley like this game!If i would rate this game, i would give it a 7/10 AT ITS CURRENT STATE.again, this is a early acces game, a damn good on in my opinion.Stay awesome Texel Raptor!"
76561198049201691,Recommended,453090,24126548,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OP Nomad,"So far I love this game. I played RCT1 and its expansions extensively as a kid, and it feels exactly like it. The workshop items are great and really give the game life. I look forward to the updates that will add objectives and other things, such as bank loans and more rides."
,Recommended,453090,25193424,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Googolplexus,"This is a great game, but there are some things to add and bugs to iron out, as it is still in Early Access."
,Recommended,453090,22961558,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ed,Great game for being early access. Exited to see it develop.
,Recommended,453090,24666509,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ryan | MoftheMG,Perfect game. Perfect community. Easy to install mods. All in all just perfect.
76561198236944938,Recommended,453090,31178177,Posted: 16 April,all,tigercraft2003,its an amazing fantastic game it is very addictive and i am always looking forword to play it on my way home from school
76561198251889350,Recommended,453090,22925189,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,schuylers,"Very good so far! Considering it's only in early access, I would honestly be pretty satisfied with the way it is right now. Can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,453090,22856032,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MAGA,"While Parkitect is still in early access, it's already shaping up to be a worthy successor to RCT/RCT2! I would personally advise people to hold out for awhile but if you need your curiosity satiated you will not be disappointed."
76561198045589631,Recommended,453090,35210658,Posted: 25 September,all,deeder2004,This game is fun to play once you get used to the controls that still need some work. More explination of how things work in the beginning would be nice.
76561197975359487,Recommended,453090,28117017,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Savage,"I've not played much of this, but as soon as I loaded it up, I can tell I'm going to love this game. Compared that to my feelings about Planet Coaster, which has the potential to be a great game, but currently is not worth it, Parkitech has already surpassed it in quality, and content!If your looking for a game with deeper management than that of Planet Coaster, then this is it."
,Recommended,453090,27970105,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SunRed,The perfect implementation of a modern RCT2 successor.
76561198297149478,Recommended,453090,25883872,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,REICHSTAAT,"Simple but intriguing. This game is sort of a sibling of RCT1 & RCT2 with improved graphics. I like this kind of game instead of much more 3D complex Theme park games such as RCT 3 or RCT World (never play Planet coaster though). If you like RCT1 and RCT2 more than RCT3 then this is surely a perfect one for you. Need a lot of improvement though, but considering this is still in early access then I expect the best from this game. Cheers!"
,Recommended,453090,23701423,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jellykatten,This game is so good i got the money back but now i want it again xD
,Recommended,453090,25640424,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Smi1eybone,Awesome game a great throwback to rct1 and rct2
,Recommended,453090,22878714,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,undrentide,"Heady throwback to the days of Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2 :)Until last week i didnt know this game existed, it showed up in my queue literally on the day it  was released and i bought it there and then.Very easy to pick up and play, even with no tutorial its easy to have a huge park up and running within minutes should you so wish. The games still in early access but im finding it to be a immensely enjoyable experience and i find im now playing it more than RCTW or PC, both of which are also early access.This takes the isometric template used in earlier RCT games and adds an almost cartoon feel to it. Theres a greater depth to this game which is good, not only is it about building the best park you can but also running and managing it on a day to day business. Shops need stock delivered - youll need a haulier staff to go collect stock from the park and then deliver it to the appropriate store. Mechanics, Janitors, Secuirty and entertainment staff are also featured.At the minute theres only a blank sandbox mode  but this is a great way to start messing around with custom terrain and scenery and getting a feel for park layouts. Theres lots of flat rides already in the alpha, and as youd expect - a coaster builder. Havent explored the coaster bulider yet but the community are already coming up with some amazing creations and updating Steam workshop.This is definately a game to get if you like Theme park sims....its already hit the ground running!"
76561198030452578,Recommended,453090,23039935,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Arry Ghekon,"Great game. Really takes me back to playing RCT1 on my E-Machines desktop as a kid in elementary school.This builds on the formula with shop stall management (not micro; in fact, you can't micro-manage even if you want to, from what I've seen), more advanced coaster-building controls, and mod support.If you're like me you may enjoy building coasters occasionally, but being able to grab a ready-made coaster+themed scenery off the Workshop/ mod sites is *huge*.Really excited to see where this goes as they develop it."
76561198048477037,Recommended,453090,23123651,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Architect,"Had to refund because my garbage laptop can't handle it, but overall from my play experience it's a great game. 10/10, suggested to anyone who like rct, or park building games.BUY IT. SUPPORT THE DEV'S. THEY'RE REALLY DEDICATED. IF YOU'RE  SKEPTICAL ABOUT PURCHASING BECAUSE OF EARLY ACCESS, BUY IT ANYWAYS. YOU WON'T REGRET IT."
76561198161614199,Recommended,453090,23078424,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,mhallada,"This game is splendid, this is the perfect sucessor for rtc 1 and 2. I love grid based games. It puts everything in a controlled environment but you have plenty of space to still be as creative as you want. The amount of customizing you can do is crazy. Even though it's in alpha there's plenty of content to go around. The only issue i have is it has trouble loading sometimes, but that's because it's not done. Overall for a early access game 10/10 overall for a game in general 8/10."
,Recommended,453090,22819950,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AstroTron,Great gameplay. A good pbp builder. Amazing coaster builder. Im enjoying this game hope to see more to come.Great jobs guys.
,Recommended,453090,22814182,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Spanky McGilligan,"I'm very wary about buying into early access games after being burned by a few. I've long waited for another rollercoaster game to fill the simple void of RCT2, and was convinced to give this a try by earlier adopters.As it stands, I'm quite pleased with the game living up to the RCT2 spirit as well as building upon it. After a bit of play, I'd say it's worth the price as I can easily get sucked into losing track of time while playing it.I just hope the Devs don't grind development to a halt before release like so many others have. Along with the Steam Workshop implementation, if the Dev stay consistent with updates then I'll gladly shill the game and purchase any major expansion packs."
,Recommended,453090,22838261,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,shadydogrun,"Had some issues at the start with crashing but ultimately it came down to my graphics driver. Game running nice and smooth now, it's definitely quite the sight in 4k on high. Fun all around and I can already tell this is how I'm going to spend a very large part of my summer.."
76561198279796220,Recommended,453090,33445628,Posted: 10 July,all,DangerousApe,Weekly amazing updates! Truly awesome rollercoaster management game!
,Recommended,453090,23043404,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Pants Rayder,"In my opinion,  Parkitect is definetely worth the money although there should be a tutorial before it lets you play, because I was, and still am, stumped"
76561198013385211,Recommended,453090,24435313,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,feastblade,"Great game so far, realy brings me back to rollercoaster tycoon days."
,Recommended,453090,25952866,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Benminecraft214,Parkitect is like if Chris Sawyer made the 1st RCT in 2016. It's absolutely on par with the old games. The mods are great. The rides are great. I just wish there was Coaster Cam. Great purchase!
76561198236166474,Recommended,453090,22966888,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ryancpinlac,"The graphics are so nice that I want to lick itThe gameplay is so fun that I want to eat it.The fun levels in this game are so high that it'll make you throw it all back up and make you want to lick and eat it again.In other words, this game is truly addicting and I HIGHLY recommend it."
76561198098390023,Recommended,453090,29129804,Posted: 8 January,all,shawn_ewig,"This game is very well built. I thought I would not like it becaues it looks like an older game, but that is father from the truth. This game lets you do so much that others dont. This game is well worth the money!!"
,Recommended,453090,22959093,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Nr.33 Obst. Riko Travis,"Parkitect is the spiritual sucessor to RCT`1, RCT2, and RCT3. Bringing the classic 2d 3d style coaster builder with a modern take on it brings forth one of the smoothest experiences so far. With RCTW down the dump pile (aka the uninstall and will never download it until they fix the constant crashing when using the coaster builder.) This game brings alot to the table.The Good- Classic RCT building and managment- Better than RCTW- Making rides is easier and more fun to use- you can kill peeps (yes im a Psychopath)- MORE BALOONS!- The trailers for this game are funny- More available rides at launch than RCTWThe Bad- Not alot of scenery (of couse this will hopefully change once it's out of alpha)- Not alot of water rides (also will probably change)- Would like to see twitch integration (and some options available from Open RCT like setting launch speeds to 534 mph)- Minamalist graphics may put off some peopleThe Ugly- there is nothing I find ugly in this game... except for that one peep... you know the one... I ""took him to see my new lake I built for him"""
76561198102493305,Recommended,453090,24455444,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Patrick,It's fun and feels like a modern day Rollercoaster Tycoon 1.I really like Capitalism.
,Recommended,453090,29526910,Posted: 27 January,all,The Reverend,This is actually how rct3 should have been.
76561198085045015,Recommended,453090,23559781,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Shroomworks,"I've bought this game yesterday and played it for several hours. In my opinion,despite being alpha, it's very much playable and from here on out it's only going to get better with each patch. I think i can say: money well spent, for i'm having a blast with this game so far.I've made a review video and published it on my Youtube channel, perhaps it can help some people to decide whether to buy or not to buy this game. Keep in mind though,this is my first review video and most likely there are better ones out there,but i want to support the devs and help people make a decision.https://youtu.be/6q9tZ9ctlJo"
,Recommended,453090,26624642,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jaydos,This game is everything I had hoped for when I bought it! Can't wait to see what it's final form is!
,Recommended,453090,23535821,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Riendew,"Parkitect is fun, for what it is. The game currently contains no money-system and no park management. The guests happiness/tiredness/etc all seems wonky, and it is not well optimized yet. That said, the dev team updates regularly and this game has very high potential. I recommend it, but don't expect more than 10 hours of fun out of it in its current state."
76561198075763922,Recommended,453090,22916342,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,E_Goulding,"Looking forward to the future of this game. In it's current state, it's far more superior than other pre-alpha/early access games. There's a lot to do in game and the more you start messing around with different objects and experimenting with terrain and water then there are many hours you can pour into it, IF! you're creative.I say creative as I don't feel the game is particularly intuitive especially when it comes to creating scenery and buildings that you see in the pre-built park and on the trailer for the game. I understand that there's a small team behind the game and that we're in pre-alpha, but as noted by over reviewers I do feel a tutorial is much needed. I feel this will make the game feel less clunky and ease confusion on what we can and cannot do.Park management is, at the moment, somewhat limited with staffing and ride options being minimal and money seeming to be an afterthought. I don't believe there's any way of actually losing money for e.g. making bad decisions. The only costs are for the things you build i.e. paths, rides and scenery. There are almost 0 running costs apart from staffing.My only suggestion to the developers is to hire another team member who is dedicated to the extra bits that aren't coding, art and sound. You need someone who can sort out things like, but not limited to; Tutorials, maps, scenarios, park management etc. I'm quite sure you could actually hand select community maps to be packaged with the game and if the tools were available for a scenario editor to be added would really help the less creative/casual player."
76561198013289096,Recommended,453090,22917693,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Talris,"As someone who has put thousand of hours into rct 1 & 2 over the years, this game has managed to reignite that lost addiction which is nice.While ride and scenary options are limited, even with a limited selection there is a ton you can do. Scenary has no space restrictions so you can just overlap and create anything you mind can imagine. Even a coaster that just strolls through a couple boulders for the fun of it. Its very refreshing to see there be no limits on place scenary like rctw, or even rct2 for that matter. Some scenary items are scalable also which is awesome. Id defiantly say the scenary is the strongest part thus far.Coaster designer is miles better then rct2 but slopes on very tall hills can still feel a little unnatural, like curve -> straight slope for a while -> Curve out at bottom. Perhaps adding another slant between the steepest and vertical would help greatly. Fury 325 for example has 81 degree drop, not quite vertical. Also some elements are limiting, 45 degree turns cant be used on slant, half loops are straight only which made making x-flight ingame impossible. Small Gripes but i enjoy recreating real parks so its mildly annoying for me.UI and all that is basic but it functions perfectly, staff screen is a bit clunky but overall cant complain considering its EA.The cons would be there is no tutorial or any kind of handholding at this point in devolopment, you just have a sandbox to play in basically. So if you really have no past experience with rct or would give up in confusion quickly then sure, avoid till it has tutorial.Overall ive enjoyed every minute so far and look foward to the future updates and feel it was worth every penny thus far. Devs seem very involved with the community and the game so i have high hopes it will actually reach release given no monitary issues."
,Recommended,453090,23369181,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jeff,Really good game and great graphics/sound i dont really have any complaints. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,453090,31586738,Posted: 6 May,all,miwu,Just Awesome!
76561198033957674,Recommended,453090,22822232,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[BS]MustD,*linux* Ubuntu 14.04 Running good- Zone setting not working from staff list window (works in personal window)
,Recommended,453090,26605325,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Itz_harryx,"This is a very fun theme park build game. The only problem I have is during the 14th Noember 2016 I couldn't load the game, just got a crash notification. I have no idea if it my computer being bad but I don't think it is. Pleases this be investigated or something."
,Recommended,453090,23145959,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Suar,Best Amusement Park sim I've played in a long time!
76561198094392560,Recommended,453090,22819879,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Edd Higham,"I needed a mechanic to fix a ride for me that had broken down. The mechanic said he was too tired, so i fired him on the spot.10/10 Would fire him again. And any other member of my work force that doesn't obey my rules!"
,Recommended,453090,22819732,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,JogatinaTv,BUY IT!This early access is so far better than Roller Coaster World!Congratulations!!!!!!!
76561198272073458,Recommended,453090,23544587,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,dylancpickles,"What i did today...1. opened parkitect2. started park and thought of rct13. built a roller coaster4. people complained....simple answer, DROWN THEM!!!Ok, seriously this game is very well put together, and by the way there is only 3 people developing this game...Anyway you would like this game/tycoon if you like roller coaster tycoon 1&2, mabey even if you liked the third one. You can make the coolest roller coasters and dark rides, the build tool for the rides is very flexible also. You can extend the sections you are building and place brakes going down hill.Things i like to do the most...1. Flood the park2. Pop balloons3. Making people sick"
76561198124950489,Recommended,453090,25950808,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Josh,"Normally, I do sarcastic reviews, but this game is so amazing I thought I would actually review it.After watching the trailer I knew I had to buy it, but I bought Planet Coaster. The game is horrible ( no hate but true )I quickly refunded it and bought this as fast as I could. Its an amazing game that I could play for days straight.Pros:Track your PeopleBuild your own Park the way you want to.Steam Workshopper's are amazingEndless Possiblities.Amazing Cartoonish Graphics that 99% of games try to have and fail.CHEAP FOR THE CONTENT YOUR GETTINGCon:Crashes when loading big parks ( VERY RARELY BUT STILL )Thank you Texel Raptor for making this game your own. It cant relate to anything else and will always have a spot in my heart.Have a wonderful day everyone!~- Josh"
,Recommended,453090,26370818,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CED,This game is promising. I enjoyed playing with it for a little bit. Still need some work on the props which I think we're a bit limited. I will check back toften see dev. Progress. In the meantime thumbs up.
,Recommended,453090,23102492,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,🅱 a l e x,"NOTES:I've brought this and Planet Coaster (not the steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is RCT World).I've played this longer offline too.This game is incredible. It's cute, technically incredible yet simple and most importantly, stunning. The simple design makes this game visually impressive. When you have 1000's props on a screen it's amazing.The ride building is a mix between the new 'free moving' builder and the old one. It's very nice to use and it's my favourite out of all the coaster games.Compared to Planet Coaster it has more things to place and make due it's mods which is fantastic. And even though in PC can CREATE more, it's so time consuming. Whereas in Parkitect it's simple easy and you can make just as impressive stuff.All in all buy Parkitect now and just wait till Planet Coaster adds more props and decor (so probably full release. When you get this download Nexus and get loads of mods!Would rate 9/10 now but should think 10/10 on full release!Good luck Parkitect team!EDIT: PLANET COASTER ALPHA 2 IS 10X BETTER"
,Recommended,453090,22831571,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lyhne - Thendur,"Don't like my ride, eh? Well, down the lake you go!"
76561197994748943,Recommended,453090,22814164,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rolling Coal,10/10   yep!!
,Recommended,453090,22815111,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Deadroach,"I dont know what I wanted to do when I started my first park, then I noticed I was playing with tress and rocks before my first roller coaster. 10/10"
,Recommended,453090,22830292,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Countercruel,"TLDR - This game is a true successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon 2, and its still in alpha!.So i got this over Planet Coaster, for two reasons:1. I wanted to relive my childhood RCT2 days with the isometric styled gameplay2. I want customization, on a four camera grid. So think building/flora placement design for RCT2 mixed with the scope and amount of objects to place onto a single building much like Planet Coaster.Now onto the good stuff, i truly feel ""finger crossed"", that this game may well surpass Planet Coaster, purely because so much has been done already with the Workshop and Nexus functionality to allow limitless supply of mods/objects/designs and rides, the big old school coaster tycoon vibes you get to bring in a lot of nostalgia and the constant reminder that this is still an early access game and has a lot more to be added and refined.I cannot say more, these developers deserve your money. Go buy it :)."
76561197985942767,Recommended,453090,22835095,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,mattynipps,"I have other Rollercoaster/Theme Park games in my Steam collection and I must say that Parkitect is a refreshing change and of a much higher standard to other recently released games of the same genre.  It may currently be an “Early Access Game” but after 3 hours of playing I have not seen any bugs or game glitches.It is straight forward to play and the content so far is fantastic.  There are a number of rides and shops available, not to mention the dozens of scenery objects.  I am glad to see Steam Workshop support for ride, scenery and building blueprints.  I am hoping to see a few mods hopefully appearing soon.The graphics are smooth and retro looking.  Reminds me of earlier games on the same theme.  Though the character animations and ride movements look and feel great.  The tools in game for building rollercoasters are very easy to use.  I have not had any difficulties placing objects or building complex structures.To say that this game is currently in Alpha only excites me to the possibilities the game developers have in store for us.  Hopefully the addition of more rides, themes, scenery, paths and game functionality will be fantastic (though there is plenty already in game to be getting busy with).  I can 100% recommend this game in its current status and its current price it’s an absolute bargain!!!    :-)"
,Recommended,453090,26652772,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,namonai,Although it's still early days -- you can see a proper Rollercoaster Tycoon game shining through.
,Recommended,453090,23032013,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,GrumpNugget,Fun Game Similar to Roller Coaster Tycoon 1-2 With mod support.
,Recommended,453090,22835078,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bilbo,Finally a worthy successor to Theme Park - Kinda reminds me of a cross between them part and rollercoaster tycoons 1 & 2 - there are some glitches with regard to terrain breaking through when coasters go underground but it is early access so I think these might be fixedIn General and awesome game - especially for an early access titleWhoops - edited - I just realized the terrain issue was not with the game - I was using the mod that lets you look first person so its not doing what the game intended so its not the games fault at all - sorry about that devs
76561198253685537,Recommended,453090,23604424,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,stevethetrooper999,This game is good but their is a few things I want in the game.-More coaster types like floor less and 4d coasters.-A realistic maintenance system of the rides.-being able to go from being flat to going up or down while turning-More flat rides like pendulum rides and the zipper.-Diagonal paths and coaster stations.-More shops-Water parks
,Recommended,453090,28688048,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NinjaBurrito™,"NinjaBurrito™'s Parkitect ReviewBasic InfoDevolper: Texel RaptorCatagory: Theme Park BuilderSteam Cards: YesAchievments: Sort ofPros>Returns to the 2D Style of the first two RCT games>Fun cartoon style>Many coaster and ride choices>Good balance between simplicity and deepness>Good color customization>Amazing mods>Active updates>Decent amount of scenery>Soundtrack>Better than RCTWCons>Lacking scenarios or campaign>Simple coaster building but sometimes gets stale>Wonky terrain editor>Water  can sometimes be a little glitchy>Tends to lag a bit when you get into the more massive park scaleConclusion7/10Great game. My first thoughts were about the 2D style of the game. Usually, I dont favor 2D graphics but it fits the game perfectly. The game has clear connections to the early RCT games, but I believe Parkitech is actually superior. The style of the game is perfect and an amazing indie game. Hats off to you Texel Raptor.Revisited8/10After quite the while I revisited the game and it has improved pretty well. Thanks to Texel Raptor's often jam packed updates, the amount of scenery and ride types and increased making each park feel different and varied. On top of that several bugs and been fixed and overall its become a better game.NinjaBurrito™"
,Recommended,453090,25120927,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,WizardJeremy,"This is a gloriously wonderful modern take on Amusement Park Builders, fans of Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 & 2 will surely love this.With it's cheery colours and ever so limitless customisation you can build yourself your very own Theme Park with it's own Roller Coasters, Rides, Shops, and Hangouts, you can manage your park by building from a large array of rides, some of them as transport across a large area. Hire staff such as janitors, mechanics, suppliers, entertainers etc. to help manage and keep stock of your park.This game has a ton of things to do which will provide hours of fun with messing around or just building your own 5 star amusement park.Pros:-Great soundtrack-Large array of rides-Micromanagable Employees and Guests-Highly customisable rides-Simple and easy Roller coaster track builder-Tons of decor items-Tons of building pieces to make your own buildingsCons:-Camera is stuck above a 75 degree tilt-Colours maybe too harsh for some people"
76561198238542470,Recommended,453090,24622193,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,jp2693,I love it but it freezes alotIts my 2nd fav game but it freezes alot when u place done big stuff big its still epic i give it a4star!!!!!!!
,Recommended,453090,25381521,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Thomast33,"Very fun game, if you are into building parks like this, you will probally fall in love with this. I cannot wait for updates though, since this game has a lot of potiential!"
,Recommended,453090,27074879,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Viktorn B. Pandaman,"Love this game so far, it brings me back to RC2 - 1 and that is a good thing."
76561198126545416,Recommended,453090,25187968,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jkolette,One Heck Of A Game
76561198070891453,Recommended,453090,26443482,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Best Fish NA,"The Devs are always improving the game and its awesome, the game all together is amazing. Well done Devs"
76561198271091213,Recommended,453090,26460785,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Prodigy,"Good game often of updates and the developers respond to reddit posts when you report bugs. Very fun to play, if you liked Roller Coaster you will like Parkitect."
76561198022105493,Recommended,453090,22815767,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,atomicflx,"What more can I say about this game other than awesome! I love everything about this game. The cartoon graphics are great and will hold up very well over time, the coaster designer is brilliant, the full 3D that is normally locked to isometric is brilliant. (try moving and rotating while holding ALT) Overall its just a great game. These guys did to theme park games what Colossal Order and cities skylines did to city builders. They rebooted the concept with fun and entrainment instead of just being a platform for DLC.Theme parks are fun, so games about theme parks should be fun. They should not resemble a CAD program, nor should they be so dumbed-down you don’t have options for detailed building. This game is is a perfect balance of detailed construction while still keeping the game fun and light.Bugs? What bugs? It has worked perfectly fine for me so far. My only complaint is a mild lack of scenery and ride content but the game is in early access. That is kind of the point and I'm sure they will add more in the future."
,Recommended,453090,23820014,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Neotrix o_0,"Very simple and easy to play, great game to kill time!"
76561197968116408,Recommended,453090,22823914,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Fishook,"I am impressed with this Early Access game, and recommend it to RCT 1&2 fans. It has loads of shops and rides for you bulid and play around with, and its a proper tycoon game with loads of micro managaing.I don't want to compare it to Planet Coaster as they have both got there strengths and weakness . As both games are decent Theme Park games in ther own right, so it worth playing/owning both titles as they offer different experiences.As for RCTW thats just a shambolic mess at the moment, which won't be fixed."
76561198206530129,Recommended,453090,24187149,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,joeri.horvath,parkitect is great5 reasons to buy this game1) you have BALLOONS!!!2) great coasterbuilder! (thumbs up)3) too many cenery!4) GIANT HATS!!!5) fun to play!i love this game so muchi' would say it is the best theme park builder game everso i give it10/10p.s. the BALLOONS are awesome!!!
76561198211668919,Not Recommended,453090,34156657,Posted: 10 August,all,MisterJohn,"it's all extremely fun and exciting.until your rides start breaking and you have 2 mechanics for each ride, which each have fixed 0 rides/year (statistics you get). when you drag him over to the ride, this ♥♥♥♥er runs away to the farthest corner of the map to hide from you. when you drop him in the middle of a lake, he just walks on the bottom of the water to the farthest corner of your screen. or hides among visitors.i have about 15 garbage cans around each ride. but still there are those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that don't throw away their garbage.and then you have cleaners who behave like i gave them 2 coconuts/month in salary.having 15 haulers for 10 shops isn't enough as well it seems.- the best of them has made 3 deliveries in 3h so far. almost all my shops are empty on supplies.game mechanic is broken.or the game devs are trying to show us the evil of striking?"
76561198193572302,Recommended,453090,34566165,Posted: 28 August,all,elidinh07,"Soo, this is my review of Parkitect!This game is really fun to play! It's has all the good things about RCT 1 and 2 (and some of RCT 3) and makes it better!Some people might buy Planet Coaster because of the SWAG graphics!!!!!!! But I really like the cartoony look and relaxing gameplay. Here is what I don't like and do like about Parkitect.PROS:Cartoony lookA management side to the game (like hiring workers to supply the shops)Pretty easy to build coasters.and its just super fun!CONS:You can't build shops underground :( (really sad thing to me)and thats all.9/10GET THIS GAME!!!! (OR ELSE)"
,Recommended,453090,22879026,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Precipve,"So far i really like this game.It has everything i ever wished for in RCT 2 and 3, and even more. Of course there are some bugs that devs should take care of (well, it's an early access game), but i don't mind 'em.I do recommend this game for the ones that are looking for a newer, more balanced, better looking version of their favourite old RCT titles.Devs, keep up the good work. Thumbs up!"
76561198044050156,Recommended,453090,29049395,Posted: 5 January,all,Silver Mantis,Best theme park simulator since forever.... and it's not even finished.
76561198021183426,Recommended,453090,32705239,Posted: 23 June,all,Zeke,Doesn't have the graphics but has stuff that Planet coaster doesn't! That is enough for me to give it a thumbs up. PLUS the preview videos KICK♥♥♥♥♥ just buy it! They are working on it and share a lot of what they are doing(planet coaster doesn't do that untill they release things) its updated every week the devs get ideas from the commuinity. its a great game thats going to get better! JUST BUY IT!
,Recommended,453090,32400001,Posted: 13 June,all,HeatherRainLover,I am really enjoying the game so far..excited to play and watch as it continues to develop!
76561197996451670,Recommended,453090,28606122,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Doogerie,I have both parkitect and Planit Coster and I can honestly say I enjoy this game more there are tons of contact here for an early access game you have almost any kind of roller coaster you can think of it really is limitless. Ok it. Any not look as good as PC but the build mode is a joy there is a scenario editor here and I believe that official scenarios are coming out in a later update if you liked RCT 1 or 2 or any games in the Theam park franchise or you like management games at all you got to try this it's amazing it's like RCT3 should have been. Buy it now.
76561198042405952,Recommended,453090,24730949,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Captain Pothead,"I can't say enough about Parkitect! What an awesome game. If you like to build, then this is the place to build. Parkitect!"
,Recommended,453090,22812806,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ephixa,Everything feels solid so far.This is what I wanted RCT3 to be.
,Recommended,453090,32368391,Posted: 12 June,all,Night,"Parkitect. Its a pretty simple game.  I love the art style and I love how much detail you can put into everything. But one very bad thing is that, if you build a rollercoaster thats too intense no one will ride on it. You can fix this with a mod but some people like vanilla gameplay. Particles would be a great addition (i.e smoke, fire, confetti, water jets). Since its an Alpha build I cant be too harsh as content is being worked on. In its current state Parkitect is good for a few hours of play time.6/10"
,Recommended,453090,26718309,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Speirs333®,Better than Planet Coaster
,Recommended,453090,23523011,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,MYF 90S90SRS CHAMP 2017,If you're on the edge and the samaritans can't help then this will probably give you just about enough reason to live and eat your silly oat breakfast. You might even go out for a jog who knows.
76561198080149552,Recommended,453090,24448889,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,jasonharris2,best game being made in ea
,Recommended,453090,26737385,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,cdaggett_08,"I understand this game is in trial, but there are a lot of things that need fixed. On the other hand though, this is a great start. A few things I don't like,- the graphics are horrible- no scenarios or tasks, just a sandbox mode- you have unlimited money, even if you have a negative balance you can still build (though this may be because of the trial)- There is no auto-complete for coasters if you get stuck- there are very few pre-loaded built coasters- no tutorial, you have to figure everything out yourselfOn the plus, this game is very much like RCT so if you like that game, this can be a great alternative. Honestly, I can't argue too much for the price, it can be very addictive. I am sure that as the developers read the reviews and update the game based on what the players want it will get better."
,Recommended,453090,28687870,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lori | Farmskins.com,"Very good game, similar to RCT 1 and 2 but with the ability to not stay in a 2D view. Great modding scene as well. I would recommend this game for people who like RCT and would like to play Planet Coaster but don't have good enough computers."
76561198101508813,Recommended,453090,22813968,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Andre,"A realy fun and enjoyable game, with a great toolset fro building your own park,gunna have a blast playing this one. ^^"
,Recommended,453090,27746846,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KiyyDumb,I accidently flooded my park and lost all my progress due it crashing...
76561198326275230,Recommended,453090,28224393,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,i.r.grohs,ich finde es richtig geil es wer narnürlich noch cooler wenn es so spezialeffekte gäbe ;wer stimmt mir zu
76561198038580751,Recommended,453090,31336086,Posted: 24 April,all,Solv,Great game. You can feel spirit from first RollerCoaster Tycoon.
,Recommended,453090,22917534,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Nim,"after~  one hour of play I can say this is an awesome modern rendition of the theme park tycoon game, all it needs is more prebuilt rides, music for the rides, and themed props+scenery and this could be one of the best"
76561198000088094,Recommended,453090,22902199,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,GOObER,Great game so far. And the greatness is in the details and the charm.Plus the developers are open and communicate while it's in early access.Glad to be on board and looking forward to the developments as they come.
,Recommended,453090,22917796,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Moiety,"RCT 2016, it's that good. Let's hope more features come :)"
,Recommended,453090,22905152,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,PsychoScooby,"As a long time Roller Coaster Tycoon fan I have thoroughly enjoyed this game. Even in early access I've found there's a lot to do and have fun with. The coaster builder can be a bit clunky, but overall this is shaping up to be a fantastic game. I can't wait to see what the final product of this game will be, and I hope that it continues to get the support it already has. I definitely recommend!"
76561198270179453,Recommended,453090,28168813,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,blackfox,can you please make bug fixs im trying to play but it never responds plz do bug fixs
76561198085601254,Recommended,453090,23045494,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Scorcher,This game is so cool and amasing so you should get this game!
76561198104315351,Recommended,453090,23533328,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,dragonman,"An amazingly polished game,even in this stage. Its like the sequel to RCT2 you always wanted!"
,Recommended,453090,23973342,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SpookyTJB,Gweat game 10/10 would play again!
76561198205353112,Recommended,453090,23971690,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PandaHood1,A Great Game I bought it on the day it came out and I dont regret it
,Recommended,453090,22817533,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Optimus Primo,RCT2 is back!
,Recommended,453090,22818100,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Luscious,A true sequel to Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2. If you liked those games you'll LOVE this one!
76561198294155209,Recommended,453090,22836230,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,BATMAN,"im going to be completly honest, i was very close to not buying this game based on the way it looked i was thinking it was going to be really crappy and to fake looking and i shouldnt of bassed my view on that because this g ame has surprised me very very much and im actually in love with this game and its only in alpha stage at minute and is full of many rides and alot of customizeation and this game is well worth the money if you are a big fan of RC1 & RC2 then this game is definatly for you i actually havent found a flaw with this game yet and i cant wait to see more rides and options they begin to add a big feature for me is to be able to ride the rides at some stage or even walk round the park maybe and another feature i would love to see is maybe an online section where you can travel to your friends or strangers parks and check out there park but like i said this game is still in alpha but i dont see myself putting down this game for a very long time, this game can and will be a huge contender against RCW and planet coaster becauyse there going to be the most dominate but if this game is done correctly and stays on the path its on now it will be up there with the giants. Thank you for bringing back my childhood with this game im 25 years old and feel like im playing RC1 again but better and i never thought id find a game better than RC1 but i think ive found it so thank you and keep up the fantastic work cant wait to see whats in store for the future of this game!!"
76561198062619621,Recommended,453090,22870677,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Durrr,"Fun game, I like where it is heading, If you are looking for a ""game"" wait untill its out of alpha cause after an hour i was bored."
76561198044588548,Recommended,453090,22870841,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,peanut,"It really doesnt bother me that there are so many simularities wirth RCT2-  This builds upon the classic genre's ""engine"" eloquently, with a gorgeous atmosphere."
,Recommended,453090,24238241,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ThisIsAwesome55,"I love the game finnaly works on my computer after buying it. Just I have horrible graphics, everything is black!"
,Recommended,453090,24770241,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,APlayz08,"One of the better tycoon games. fun, interactive, and it has one of the better coaster builders."
76561198055533199,Recommended,453090,31792709,Posted: 16 May,all,bobjob113,"This game has allot of potential to be great. As a huge classic RCT fan i was drawn to this. there are some annoying issues the need to be adressed though. the game music is absolutly horrible and unfitting for a theme park game, it needs a total revamp. also the camera controles are really bad. there is no way to tilt the camera very far so you're pretty much forced to look straight down at the ground, you should also be able to zoom out further and when you do, you should still be able to hear park ambiance( becuase right now it just gos mute). roller coaster design could use some work too. when bending or turning it seems a little limited on the next piece you can build. its seems more of a chore,  rather then an enjoyment as the original RCT was. not a fan of the toony look but its ok, al least on the people. the grass I feel needs to be redone, and look a liittle more realistic, those random srubberies just look silly. i think handymen should be able to mow the grass. The edge of the map needs to be done better as well for the case of immersion. RCT classic has beautiful forest or small towns surrounding the park. as it is you just see a blank blue scree off the edge of the map. also there needs to be scenery bulldoze option becuse right clicking every scenery object i want to delete is not good. I really wish i had some say into the creation of this game, I feel i could turn this potential of a great game into reality."
76561197995672358,Recommended,453090,31711820,Posted: 12 May,all,TwentyFourZero,"If you're a big fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon this game may be an interesting choice for you. I like that you can build insanely massive parks with a lot of different options, but the fact that you can not simply undo bad placements or accidental deletions is a major headache. Overall, fun, but hopefully they will streamline the building options when the game is out of development."
76561198070928495,Recommended,453090,31749862,Posted: 14 May,all,loyd.erl,"(review as of 5-14-17)Tis a fun game, very reminiscent of roller coaster tycoon(RCT) 1 & 2.-modernized style of the old graphics-roller coasters!-more customization-new mechanics to gameplay-regular monthly updates, developers working hard-still in Alpha so they're are bugs/performance issues here and there-(4790k and gtx1070) and i can't hold 60fps if I get above 500 people, not a dealbreaker game is still in development"
76561198155083469,Recommended,453090,31821986,Posted: 18 May,all,john,"Good idea, but would benefit from working scenarios. Of the 3 or 4 I have downloaded none have worked for me. For example if the opening cash is 5000 when I buy rides or shops the cash amount stays at 5000. When cusomers enter the park the numbers in the park rise but the cash amount stays the same. No matter how long I play the date stays at year 0 January. Thank you for the help. Now recommended."
76561198026622621,Recommended,453090,31822364,Posted: 18 May,all,Spam™,Well i didnt think i would find this kind of coaster management game my thing but what this offers is bloody brilliant and tbh very addictive. I tried planet coaster but found it was always crashing and i found it too much effort making everything look good. Parkitect allows you to be creative and build something with limited time but that looks good in its own way. It is really rewarding when you have set workers maintaining zones and when a problem comes up its managed accordingly automatically. Would reccommend this in a heart beat even at early access.
76561198142128227,Recommended,453090,32023679,Posted: 28 May,all,daphne_stip,"As a huge fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2 I am very happy I came across this game. Although it isn't finished yet, it is finished enough already to play it for hours and hours. I'm playing it for two days straight now and I'm not bored yet. It's nice that customizing everything is possible. I would love to help with some translation to Dutch though, because not everything is translated yet (the tool that says help translate is not working). Would buy it again! Can't wait to see what this game will bring in the future. Would love to play some scenarios because I am always in for a challenge!"
,Recommended,453090,22873974,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,jstreet,"Pretty graphics, intuitive AI, and nice mechanics.Great things so far:Models and assets look greatNailed the cartoony feelCoaster design is pretty simpleAnnoyancesUI isn't very polishedVery simple staffingGuest voices can be very annoyingOverall, from what I've seen, it seems like they knew their goal game and nailed it. Can't wait to see how it develops."
,Recommended,453090,22872420,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Winter Grey,"So far, Parkitect has been a fun experience. For an early access game I can cut some slack on lacking on any sort of 'End goal'. Playing it as a park building simulator it's definitely fun and is looking to end up as a great spiritual successor to RCT.However, it does suffer a bit from 'sit and wait' syndrome. Funds go up relatively slowly and what you want to build does cost a lot. I ended up leaving my game running when I went off for dinner and came back about an hour later so I had the funds to build a rollercoaster.While I don't know what being in debt does right now if anything, but a bit later in the development cycle, it'd be nice to see a healthy profit boost. Not so much that it's so easy you can build anything you want all the time, but enough that it doesn't take an hour of doing nothing to be able to afford it. Once my park was self sustaining enough, I had nothing to do but wait.But as I said, it IS early access. Very early access. So I do recommend it if you want a more modern RCT game, but I might recommend waiting for proper release if you want goals and something to work to rather than a park building sandbox.Also if you delete a shop from your world, the workers won't go away. They'll just stand there. Never leaving unless you specifically fire them. I didn't realise I could fire them until later in my playing so for a while I just had some unmoving zombies floating around the park."
76561198077427522,Recommended,453090,22873219,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,fatehunter5,"This is the first early access game i've ever bought, and im impressed that it works so well. I've been playing about three hours and have encountered no major bugs. my biggest obstacles have been the fiddly Janitor AI. (i'd prefer a trash seeking missile to a wandering trash bagger.) looking forward to new scenery options, more park managment dynamics. (dumpsters so janitors dont have to go all the way out of the park perhaps?) and more special rollercoaster bits."
,Recommended,453090,22876247,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Foxy,Cool little game but for the current state I would not pay more than 12$... I still recommend it thou as im sure more automation and ease of use will find its way into the game.
,Recommended,453090,26848421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,digginaround,"Such a good game! Worht the money, especially for an alpha!"
76561198130210712,Recommended,453090,28066082,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DennisP312,Very nice game and full of funny little details.
,Recommended,453090,26233254,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,neelpatel99,SIMPLY AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,453090,22816724,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Captain Baker,Made me want to go to that place called the outside world and ride on rollercoasters for real... 5/7
,Recommended,453090,22814796,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sandra,I really love this game! It's a lot like RCT1/2 but better :D The graphics are simple but slylish and gives it a fun looking environment.
76561198301371905,Recommended,453090,23878298,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SPKayla,"-Built cool af roller coaster.-No riders-Park went broke.-Built Haunted House.-Made all my money back within a ""year""10/10 wouold slave over complicated roller coaster again."
76561198320657249,Recommended,453090,29386832,Posted: 20 January,all,BattleSeahorse,"It's a great game! to me it's worth the price, because it has a huge modding community which ups its replay value. It's still in pre-alpha too!One thing to be cautious of when playing on a slower computer is that parks with over about 500 guests start to put a strain on your computer."
,Recommended,453090,29088557,Posted: 7 January,all,Paxuser,Good for the price and it's got a workshop page8.5/10
,Recommended,453090,26715822,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AspenGamingYT,This game is amazing. worth the money!
76561198056959647,Recommended,453090,22814671,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,caltutter102,Considering this game is in alpha it runs really well and is is a really nice game to play.
,Recommended,453090,34306406,Posted: 17 August,all,asdsylee,This is Amazing game !!It is looks like succeed to RCT 1/2 but Customizing system is advanced than RCT 1/2I hope this game will be famous than now so there will be more mods and Scenario...
,Recommended,453090,26679588,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,D. Froggo,"Parkitect is a reincarnation of Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2. It stays true to the spirit of those games but improves in several ways. The graphics, though simple, are modernized along with the user interface. There are more fine customization options for rides, buildings, and there are some extra management mechanics. In it's early access state as of this writing, it's not quite on par with content, but it still has plenty enough to keep you occupied for many hours. The Steam Workshop is also available.Definitely worth the roughly $20.PS: Works great on Linux."
,Recommended,453090,25315319,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Rocket35,I would recommend if you want a RCT3 like game
76561198303953861,Recommended,453090,25858021,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,nickolaichasecook,"Far from a finished product, but you can see pleanty of potental all ready. The art style is also pretty neat in my opinion."
,Recommended,453090,25882474,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,K4Rt1k,Nostalgia! *_*
76561198067140134,Recommended,453090,26118492,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Gluv21,"Love this game, great graphic style and awesome Gameplay that really brings me back to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3"
76561198257951071,Recommended,453090,25931885,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,WarmBeef8575,i would recommend this game because all you need is an imagination and more than the knowledge of a peanut
76561198258572049,Recommended,453090,25345816,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,dizzykip,it is the best oldschool themepark simulator ever
,Recommended,453090,25469530,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TAYK-47,"It's very well designed, but I didn't really find anything that beats RCT3.7/10- Good game design / Good game in general- Not that fun forme"
76561198157630554,Recommended,453090,25325607,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Atomic Spark 原子火花,Love it! You should put up ads on other websites to get even MORE people to play this game!
,Recommended,453090,25971230,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nope,Great game to waste time and fool around in
,Recommended,453090,26972876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ruan,A great early development of a future classic!
,Recommended,453090,22839932,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mr Retro,I bought the game for a few reasons. I love these type games and because out of 140 reviews on Steam they were all positive. So when I went to play it I was really surprised at how lack luster and boring the game is. There is no tutorial what so ever. The game literally starts and then you are left with all these tools to build rides and no clue how to use them. The flat rides were easy to figure out but when I started trying to build coasters it was a different story. I know there will be people that say go and watch youtube but when I buy a game I dont feel like I should have to go and dig through videos on youtube to find out how to play a game. Another issue I had was the price for the game is a little steep for the amount of stuff I had to choose from. I really do not want to give this game a negative review because I dont feel like it deserves a bad review for not having a tutorial. So im going to give it a positive review with a disclaimer
,Recommended,453090,22862325,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,luk3us,"Best theme park style game on Steam at the moment. :)That being said its in early access so it has its fair share of bugs and incomplete features. Nothing game breaking, but lots of minor things.Buy now? Sure, its cheap so who cares."
,Recommended,453090,24708838,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TheWired,"So the trailers convinced me I needed this game.The game convinced me that i am an addict.There was a time to refund this, but i blew it.I got addicted to this game play it to much.The Rides are great, the scenery is nice.The Stylization if perfect, was worth the price.The Game is great, well polished and prestine.Love at first sight, it looks so damn clean.What I should say.Worth a worthy penny.Worth what you pay.Worth that in plenty.You should buy it, okay?I can't recommend it moreMany, many hours will go inLike time I should spendOn studying than this again""Buy it!"" I have to say.Just go for it and pay.Enjoy the procastiation.The best in the nation.This is where my review endsSo much more i can't tendTo find the words for in the end"
76561197983619493,Recommended,453090,28314247,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mentagra,Tshis is great game. I wana belive it's shoots. Impressive
76561198261560618,Recommended,453090,31249948,Posted: 19 April,all,Innocent,This game is AWESOME
76561198178229034,Recommended,453090,31255403,Posted: 20 April,all,Edsel,"Great game, monthly updates its over really fun to watch people pay $100 for an umbrella"
,Recommended,453090,25383500,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sentinel,"I absoloutly adore RCT 1 and 2, and 3 for the matter. But something about Parkitect gets me, it is RCT 1 2 but a bit better. It lacks assets but its alpha. Also it is keeping me going until Planet Coaster comes out. The dev gave me a key, so thanks!!! For Parkitect not Planet Coaster.Get it if you like RCT and enjoy :)"
,Recommended,453090,29312303,Posted: 17 January,all,CheeseSpy,The coaster builer on this game is amazing not♥♥♥♥♥♥like the planet coaster game.This game is a must have if you like coaster games
,Recommended,453090,23846365,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Aquantis,"It's phenomenal, It's like a remastered Roller Coaster Tycoon.Except it wasn't written in Assembly2/10 Devs should learn machine code and rewrite the game from scratch like Chris Saywer did."
76561198163767297,Recommended,453090,25132658,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gun-Britt(NoHa),I love this game!!
,Recommended,453090,25215343,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pseudonymous_Colby,"At the time of writing this review, I have only an hour in this game.I expect there to be many more in the future.FUN/10-Pseudonymous_Colby, aspiring professional amusmineer."
,Recommended,453090,29057131,Posted: 6 January,all,Hjs02,modern rct2.
,Recommended,453090,22813565,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,OneManArmy,Parkitect is a fantastic take on the modern rollercoaster management game in the classic isometric style. It is in very-early alpha atm but still brilliant and I can't wait for them to add more great content!
,Recommended,453090,24113893,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pixel Plonker,Amazing Game....Would clean up sick off the floor again....11/10
,Recommended,453090,22852278,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Spoopy,"Amazing Game, Love the Simplicity of the design and gameplay would recommend"
76561198031498267,Recommended,453090,22892475,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dale,"It's very early days for me so far, however I'm loving this game. It's the spiritual successor to RCT2 and I couldn't be happier with that!"
,Recommended,453090,24814995,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Danqazmlp,Simply put a very good game for an sim/tycoon fan.
76561198216219873,Recommended,453090,25509917,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,midnightpearl1974,"This is the best game so far, and love it to bits!"
,Recommended,453090,22859138,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Frost Slavic Leader,Good game
,Recommended,453090,30534611,Posted: 15 March,all,Ted Cruz's Ejaculatory Ooze,It's good and it is getting better with every content update and patch.
,Recommended,453090,22860461,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DeathDealer244,"The game is simply awesome, old school management and building with an actual fancy graphic. Simply love it! Can't wait for the next update!Little bug: when u open it the steam toast popup keeps on screen. Can simply get rid of it in this way -> check windowed game ->re-check full screen game thick.Keep it up!"
76561198160235766,Not Recommended,453090,27233127,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sumerria,"Tis game is totally awesome in the way everything works and the graphics, but on the other hand it fails at both performance and the camera view (can be fixed with a perspective mod). Performance is really bad efter just two hours of playing. But I wont recomend it."
,Recommended,453090,24226456,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GT,"The game is amazing, i love the structures placement system, my only gripes are that the mechanics usually ignore broken rides and just wander around, even if i pick them up and place them right on the exit, they just start walking in circles, and when it just happen once on my beatch park, when i connected a rail to the begining, it should've been done, but instead it just shown me the continuing rail witch of course, couldn't be placed because the place was occupied. It was 0 degrees and right on the same level. It'd like this game to be multiplayer and have as many creative veatures or even more as rollercoaster tycoon, also it would be amazing if there was no limit to ow much park space you can have and you know, set the prefered building space. I'm pretty sure that would be enough to kick this game up above rollercoaster tycoon all together, being a direct update, of course more features won't hurt! Also a small gripe is that there's no night, only day and rain, a bit boring, come on who wouldn't wanna see a beautifull park with lamps at night? I'll update this review the more i play this game"
76561198260280915,Recommended,453090,33286801,Posted: 5 July,all,AdvancedPlayzYT,Very good but some lag
,Recommended,453090,22814460,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"If you ever played roller coaster tycoon 2 and enjoyed it. You will like this game to. There is only a sandbox mode at the moment.I would like to see some sort of failure conditions or being able to sell a park to restart and start with more money. A story mode or some sort of scenarios, all in all I would recommend this if you are a fan of roller coaster tycoon or other management games.Here is a video to show it off a little better.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kI0glKcV_k"
,Recommended,453090,28226827,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BadAimSam,"my favorite roller coaster sim, everything about it is just great."
76561198418137627,Recommended,453090,35033200,Posted: 17 September,all,rilenatorjohn,FUN GAME
76561198048048796,Recommended,453090,23615891,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
76561198080507072,Recommended,453090,22814578,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,joshmrivers,Good clean vomitless fun. So long as you hire janitors for your park...
76561198047081316,Recommended,453090,26177066,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Prime,Parkitect is impressive most impressive.
,Recommended,453090,25353693,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,James,"So I had to refund this game because I needed the money, turns out you can still run the exe and play after refundingGabeN PLZ FIX"
76561198040737065,Recommended,453090,22883485,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bagodonuts,It's really to early to review to be honest. But I feel like the game is missing so much. I don't feel like there is any management at all its really just plop buildings and let them do its thing. Only time will tell on this one.
,Recommended,453090,22894031,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ジェマ,good
76561198087074302,Recommended,453090,24545564,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,mab,"I created a park with almost 2000 guests. I had some lag, but at the end of this month, or at the beginning of the next, they will be fixing the frame rate with an engine update. but I digress, so back to the point, in my park of almost 2000 guests, I had a steel roller coaster. It was built inside of a middle ages castle I desgined after Gondor. The coaster had a quadruple loop the loop after a 350 foot drop.  After the loop came a turn and another 100 foot rise and drop; it was then followed by a series of helixes. Then another 50 foot rise and drop and the coaster ended shotly after the drop. It was bad @$$.  I give this game 7/10 because it is early acess. But it is definitly worth a buy."
76561198272387089,Recommended,453090,22868772,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bolrn,"Hy frands, gud game :S"
76561198023065495,Recommended,453090,22907775,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Der fiese Türkise,Way better than RCTW... nice O.O
76561198271981986,Recommended,453090,29595443,Posted: 30 January,all,Octo17,One of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,453090,23788094,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tripplepoeh,"nice game, few bugs"
,Recommended,453090,26256941,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,make park like roller coas
,Recommended,453090,25990887,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bann,Mods wont work edgy
76561198051313148,Recommended,453090,22855084,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Viking Fury,.
,Recommended,453090,24883635,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SqueekrMel0n,I love it!
,Not Recommended,453090,25482163,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SYmonator,"Unfortuanetly i was only able to play this is 10 minute bouts, it keeps crashing.The game itself is ok, i'd of liked to of spent more time on it but i don't expect games to crash 6 times or so in an hour.From what i got to play the mechanics are cool but obviously early access is not complete and has some bugs.This game has a lot of potential, but the potential is what takes the fun away. How long until the crashes are fixed and content is added? I'd pass on this for now until full release."
76561198039900172,Recommended,453090,31212535,Posted: 17 April,all,RayneBlox,One of the best game ive ever had in my life i hope nothing beats it i play it everyday too
,Recommended,453090,28678125,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Uninspired Inquisitor,Coolio.
,Not Recommended,453090,33215995,Posted: 3 July,all,J.__,"It seems to be a pretty good game but right now it only have sandbox mode, no quests or objectives like rollercoaster tycoon, without that the game is flat and boring.Only Buy this game if you are ok to play an endless sandbox that doesn't get you anyhere."
76561198355865261,Not Recommended,453090,33763614,Posted: 24 July,all,kevinmurray428,"I was excited to get the game, but was very disapointed.  The mechanics, janitors, haulers, and security people do not do their jobs.  Mainly the mechanics, I assign them to zones but the rides still break and they justwalk past them.  Janitors just walk by trash on the ground. The controls are hard to use.  The rides that are in the folders are hard to place the correct way to get riders on them. Rides...where do I start.  You can build 30 regular rides then build 1 coaster and then no one rides them.  The overall mechanics of the game are flawed.  I know this is an alpha but I would have expected a more comeplete alpha for $18."
,Not Recommended,453090,24202615,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,klingonadmiral,"It has potential, but certainly still needs lots and lots of work.The biggest issue are certainly the coasters. While there is already a decent selection of types, some important ones are notably absent, most notoriously the B&M non-inverted coaster (twister coaster, hyper-twister and floorless in RCT) as well as Vekoma inverted coasters. On the other hand, the Giga-Coaster (Intamin Megacoaster IRL) just feels out of place. On the one hand, the park space is not nearly large enough to house a properly sized Giga-Coaster. But even more annoyingly, the signature overbanked turns of the Intamin megacoasters such as Millenium Force or Eypedition Geforce are simply not possible with the coaster builder. Also, as of yet there are no launched coasters available. And why can't inverted coasters have helices?"
76561198026386095,Not Recommended,453090,24622813,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,erfqfrqe,"For game that is in Alpha, this is a really well made game. It is clear that the devs are focusing on core mechanics at the moment, which means the gameplay is a bit unstructured and lacking in any depth.I have no doubt that in the future this game will be a good spiritual successor to Theme Park...however at this stage I wouldnt recommend it, and am getting a refund as I was a bit bewildered by the back of any objectives."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,453090,23013847,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews ParkitectUpgrade Version: Update 95Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.I was a little young to really grasp the first Rollercoaster Tycoon and had a chance to briefly engage in the sequel before the third game in the series came out. The micromanagement and artistic freedom to design incredible rides and spacious parks interested me enough to try other games in the genre in the hopes of rekindling that spark. It was not easy with the mobile cash grab remake of Theme Park and the rather grotesque changes made to the newest Rollercoaster Tycoon dashing my hopes of finding another competent coaster simulator. My search has now led me to Parkitect and a potential successor to the Rollercoaster Tycoon of old. Is this new Early Access product the golden chariot bound to carry the new era of coaster simulators or just another contraption ready to send a carload of patrons plummeting to their doom?While visuals are not a major priority with these type of games, the simple, cartoony style works well. Rides are animated beautifully and small objects such as drinks, burgers and birds are given enough noticeable detail. The music is pleasant, but it gets repetitive very quickly. Attendees frequently speak in a bizarre Sim-like mumbling that complements the screams and laughter of riders. The atmosphere really feels as if it was ripped straight out of an old coaster sim.If it looks like a duck and sounds like a duck, does it mean it is a duck? In this case, it isn't. The only available mode right now is the Sandbox mode, allowing players to build and test out the rides with no negative repercussions or goals outside of not going bankrupt. It is enough to give people the tools to sink hours into customizing their own dream parks, but it is missing the challenge and variety of mission based scenarios other roller coaster sims provide. It might be enough for some players, but others looking for some meat with their potatoes might be disappointed in the lack of diverse game modes.It offers 20 flat rides (motion rides, haunted houses), 13 coasters and 3 transport rides along with 21 shops and utilities. You also get the standard security, janitor, entertainer, and mechanic employees to hire. One special entry I noticed was the hauler employee, which takes supplies brought to the park and carries it to the different shops and kiosks to keep them supplied. I did like this addition, which gave the park a more realistic feel. You can also read the thoughts of attendees, adjust ticket prices, construct coasters and buildings free hand, and change the ride speeds. Time can also be enhanced using the speed up function.The problems start to arrive once the parks grows to a mid-terrain size and large numbers of attendees begin to inhabit the area. Loading into these larger parks has caused me to lock up a couple of times and the rest of the time severe frame rate lose was experienced. It is clear the larger the size of your park the more strain it puts on the game, which results in the frame rate issues. The lack of a tutorial can also cause newer players some trouble if they are not accustom to the genre. Requirements such as queue lines, employee territory coverage and ride status can be hard to locate without prior knowledge. The deletion key, set to the right click, can also cause some heavy annoyance as accidental clicks can remove anything you are working on.It is possible to spend a good chunk of time create some fairly decent parks using the tools already provide, but it does not offer much to encourage repeat visits. Placing and building can be satisfying, but with no real goals or motivations you end up resorting to murder by flying coaster cars to keep things interesting. This is a better alternative to Roller Coaster Tycoon World, by far, but it is a better option to continuing with the classic Roller Coaster Tycoon while this game is developed further. It is an interesting tech demo for what is to come, but the price of admission is just not justified for what is here. Hopefully in the future this park will expand to something great, but at this point now you are better off waiting to purchase this ticket.Pros- Looks rather good- Coaster and building customizationCons- Lack of a tutorial for newcomers to the genre- Loading freezes (could be based on next negative)- Frame rate drops when park increases to a certain size- Very easy to accidentally delete somethingSpecial Note: The user generated content available through the Workshop was not factored into this review due to it being created by users."
,Recommended,453090,22820551,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,jasonOHNO,hahahahahahahahahahahahahahah!!!Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahaha!like it! My boyfriend is a big SB and he likes it!
,Not Recommended,453090,25315054,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Betelgeuse,"Honestly, it felt like a bad clone of the Rollercoaster Tycoon series. I had to request a refund and purchase the RCT collection because this game just doesn't have enough to offer at the moment."
,Recommended,453090,28700571,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,P*ter,fun
,Not Recommended,453090,33772073,Posted: 24 July,all,KnexPäerdz,"Well I really liked it at first, Like 8-hours-in-a-day liked it and I was gonna say that it could use a lil tlc, such as more coasters, better camera and camera controls, enhanced Suspended coaster physics, but somethin terrible happened that made the game not fun for me.See, the way the game saves is a lil confusing, you have files named by the name of the park instead of the actual filename you type when prompted. But the biggest crime is that it gives you not just an option at all, but the first option to save your game on the Autosave file, so after 8 hours of work, I started a new scenario and went to save and found out that my park was saved on a volatile file, and it's all gone. Thanks a lot.Do I recommend this? It's pretty much sandbox only, and there's not a lot to do in the first place. If you're on OSX like me, well you pretty much have no other equal alternatives, so yeah it is fun until problems like that happen.Comments: fix the camera - it detects my scroll wheel as mouse2 ((right click)) and make an option for non-natural scrolling - also, the camera is so high up it gets me kinda nauseous so a setting to control the height of the camera would be great. Also, Suspended coaster trains sway like they're on a spring - they don't sway out on turns like an actual Arrow would and only rock when there's a lethal amount of lateral Gs.Plz give me my save bak"
,Not Recommended,453090,26392163,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,danielm,"It is not bad and not good. Still I give a negative review at the moment. More work needed. Will get back in the future and hope there is much more to it.Pro:+ Nice design and nice animationsCon:- Not enough content yet- Some things are just buggy, e.g. some parts of my park are only visited by very few people even though it is the cheapest and biggest ride.- I have a quad core which is already a few years old but still I would expect that this game runs smooth unless the park is as big as the whole playable area. No chance, it is slow as hell with a few attractions and less than 700 people..."
,Recommended,453090,30820067,Posted: 29 March,all,music joe12,gg
76561198128910750,Not Recommended,453090,30596045,Posted: 18 March,all,Robbie_Stacks,Confusing. Going to stick with planet coaster or rollercoaster tycoon for awhile till the bugs get worked out. Hopefully I didnt waste 18 dollars
76561198084763804,Not Recommended,453090,25072146,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,IQZ,plays terrible
76561198098444256,Not Recommended,453090,24167978,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Princess Peachy Toadpuff,"I got this and was very excited. I do realize it is early access, but i was hoping for some sort of goal to the game. It is basically a giant sandbox right now, which I love but usually I love it after I have played through all the campaigns. I was just bored making a giant park with limited rides and very little theme. this game does have the chance to be amazing, I hope to see some campaigns and more themed items int he future. Right now I am just bored with it."
76561198105638142,Not Recommended,453090,26764890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DID IT FOR THE LULZ,"I honestly don't understand the amount of positive reviews for this game.  As someone who thoroughly enjoyed RCT3, this game is a far step back and away from anything like it.  As of right now, the game has almost nothing in it, and making any money in the game is near impossible.  To me I only played maybe a total of less than two hours and I could see the lack of pretty much anything in the game and was bored within minutes.  This is the first game that I've ever had to return becuase it was just so boring and lacking in everything.  If you want a fun, new, rollercoaster game, then get planet coaster.  It's also got a kind of lack of content but between the steam workshop and the endless possiblities for the game, it's worth 30 times the amount this game is.  That will give you endless hours of fun whereas this has given me maybe 20 minutes of even a small amount of fun.  Planet Coaster is the new RCT.  This is just garbage."
,Not Recommended,453090,28912550,Posted: 1 January,all,camel on acid,"This game seems fun, man. But after you play it, it gets really boring."
,Not Recommended,453090,31353447,Posted: 25 April,all,roben,"I think this review is a bit unfair, but if I have to decide wether to recommend this game or not, my answer is no. You can read about all the positive aspects of this game in the other reviews and indeed, it is a great game. But there is one single thing that kills off the fun for me: There is no undo functionality. After having played Planet Coaster, not having undo is like missing a limb. This sounds just like a minor nuisance, but having the possibility to revert incorrect placements frees up so much room for ceativity. There are several requests for this feature but for some reason the devs are really reluctant to implement this. I refunded this game for now, but I will be the first to buy it when this changes.tl;dr: This otherwise great game having no undo functionality is making it a hassle. Refunded, will buy again when implemented."
,Not Recommended,453090,22970249,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The_joof,"At it's current state it's only an idea, offering as much as hours you care to put in with a sandbox mode. It's just too expensive for the experience so far. Similiar to most early access games, it has potential but right now at it's intial release to steam it's nothing special. It's one to wait for unless you are interested in playing it through development to watch it change. Now a quick list of problems I had with it and some positives.The Badthe ui is un-organized (no searching by theme)it has low fps on large parks (ruining the point of the sandbox)it doesn't have enough cosmetics and rides (this will be solved in time)right click is destroy (leads to many accidents)The Goodfancy graphics (the trash vision is superb)the building of rollercoasters is sweet (same with buildings)the introduction of supplying shops is coolyou can still derail rides and drown people"
76561198049525308,Not Recommended,453090,24317718,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Farmer Nancy,"This game is a nice idea and I can see where the developers are coming from with this. It's a sort of follow up to RollerCoastr Tycoon, it allows you to do the things you wish you could in that game. Personally I am not a fan of sandbox games, I like goals and achievements and if this game were to incorperate those I would probably reconsider playing this game.Yes I undertand it's early access. It's still not fun to play, it's just tedious.This review is my opinion of this game, there is no need to be hostile or rude towards me."
76561198023231687,Not Recommended,453090,26741307,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,kbarush,"I can't see what this game has that RCT3 (or 1, for that matter) doesn't have. The graphics are distractingly bad. I'm all for simple, stylized graphics but this is so plain and blocky. Again, RCT3 looks better and it's a decade old. This game doesn't seem to introduce any new mechanics either. I'm truly stumped."
,Not Recommended,453090,25138604,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Glice,The game is in alpha and is still being finsihed. The game should be great in a year or so but right now I would not advise making the purchase. I will update this when it comes out of early access.
76561198165562930,Not Recommended,453090,26627609,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,teevoo16,"Thought this would be something like sim coaster, theme hospital or zoo tycoon, but it was absolutely boring. Rollercoasters were annoying to build. Once you made a mistake, you would have to build the rollercoaster all over again because it's hard to join the broken pieces back together. There are no 'levels'/goals, so you're bascially just working on the one park infitively. Also you can't make the staff do what you want to do, and you can't tell what each visitor's happiness level is. There are no tutorials, so it was annoying having to work out what was what.Can't believe i paid for this game.. what a waste of time and money!"
76561198308628357,Not Recommended,453090,29049194,Posted: 5 January,all,deeedwards79,this game may look good but the controls are all wack
,Not Recommended,453090,23035573,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Las Vegas Shooter,"I'm one of the few people who actually didn't enjoy this game.I'm having trouble finding reasons to play Partkitect over  RCT2/3.  Outside of the fact that this is on a newer engine.I wasn't a fan of the coaster building.  I'm sure in time I would have picked it up.  The camera angle isn't very helpfup (although you can swivel a full 360º) Using different color terrian didn't actually seem like it was improving my park but instead adding an awkard color to it.  The game is very simplistic and didn't feel polished to me.These may not be strong agruments points but as someone who played a lot of RCT2/3 and even World... I find it diffucuilt to want to play another Park sim that feels so empty and incomplete.The biggest turn off is the $17.99 price tag.If it was only $5-6 bucks I wouldn't have end up refunding it, but at $17.99 I rather use that money towards a game I'll play.--------I would suggest to buy RCT3.  T3 still in the park Park Sim to date, outside of Planet Coaster which is extremley expensive right now.  Stay awy from World.  World has some great additions but that game is FAR from playable."
76561198131351800,Not Recommended,453090,24174597,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sebb,Game wdidnt havegood tutorial on how to make a coaster yourself
76561198242524786,Recommended,453090,30342528,Posted: 5 March,all,Foxwolf21,"plz help. when i open the game i try to click new/load park, and i can't click, i need help plz!"
76561198297197044,Not Recommended,453090,23528528,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vibez,"Always stuck in 'loading blueprints or loading assets' things, after clear system junk several time finally load to the game and back to stuck again if you try to alt+tab."
76561198123469578,Not Recommended,453090,23121750,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,EnginE3r,"I used to play Rollercoaster Tycoon a long time ago, so I was hoping this would be like that but better. So if you've played RC Tycoon before, playing Parkitect will probably make you want to play RC Tycoon again. Parkitect has some interesting new ideas, but forgets some of the lessons learned in past theme park games. For instance the camera view in this game is limited to only 4 angles, and zooming in and out."
76561198147765239,Not Recommended,453090,30971334,Posted: 5 April,all,Hudakamason,Whenever I open the game it just stays at the loading screen. :'(
76561198314921616,Not Recommended,453090,25230124,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Filbut,tooo expensive
,Not Recommended,453090,33138929,Posted: 2 July,all,Casper613,not fun
76561198304030068,Not Recommended,453090,30293721,Posted: 3 March,all,funflora,Doesn't even start up.
76561198343614162,Not Recommended,453090,29760588,Posted: 7 February,all,info,"Crashes 90% of the time when opening the game. On the odd times the game has worked, i've completely enjoyed playing it. Tech support doesnt really exsist it terms of fixing the problem."
76561198016441570,Not Recommended,453090,30672009,Posted: 22 March,all,Jebbi,Game is good but its in Early Access since ages only getting minor updates/patches.
76561198050056595,Not Recommended,453090,25675413,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Frodo,I find this game honestly bad.It is simply not fun
76561198170118177,Not Recommended,453090,29455499,Posted: 23 January,all,oh dang he,"The game has no tutorial, leaving you confused. The controls to make a rollercoaster is very confusing and the momentum the rollercoasters need make it very boring. FIX YOUR GAME.P.S. Thanks for the refund. :)"
,Not Recommended,453090,33371030,Posted: 8 July,all,Ogun,"Terrible UI, The only game I have refunded."
,Not Recommended,453090,24530059,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vuy_Rus,"Hello, Steam if you see this please let me get a refund I did not turn out to like this game I am not saying its bad its just that i dont like it very much."
76561198045351656,Not Recommended,453090,23308120,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,GxGamer,"Its a nice reminder of the original Rollercoaster Tycoon. But in the actual state its not worth the price. No different maps, no Career Mode, only a Sandbox Mode is available. Well, maybe i try it again when its finished.Damn you, Early Access."
,Not Recommended,453090,24407659,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Scourge,But Why?Hey Everyone. I Think If You're Callin This Troll Then Go Look At Every Other Review And Decide If These Are Any Better.
76561198051812828,Not Recommended,453090,24932907,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,martin_cheetham,it just get boring
,Not Recommended,453090,31093733,Posted: 12 April,all,Lux_BBs,Just.... Could not enjoy it. No matter what I did. I wasn't having fun.
,Not Recommended,453090,35055991,Posted: 18 September,all,DashKing,succs so bad dont get
76561198212001381,Not Recommended,453090,31935415,Posted: 24 May,all,DoodleFish,"I have had this game for around 6 or 7 months now. So boring I can't get around to playing it. It's fun to start off with but then you get bored of the game, I got Mount and Blade Warband a few days ago and have played it longer than this, if you want a game better, and like this, buy Roller coaster Tycoon 3, it's better than this game."
,Not Recommended,453090,22836092,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,multicm,"Since everyone is so hurt by my review I have made an edit...I really hate to give this game a negative review because it is obviously trying very hard to pick up where RCT2 left off. It just doesn't do it right.The Good:- Almost as many mangaement options as RCT1/2- A ""Handler"" Staff adds a new complexity to the gameThe Bad:- The ""windowed"" UI is clunky. When you click a shop to buy and place, the UI window for the shop gets in the way.- For me, the camera felt slow to adjust to change, when i rotated it, it would rotate very slowly. Yes there is a mod for this but since when do we give a game credit for what a mod fixes?---EDIT---This is my OPINION, if your butt feels like it is hurt from reading the following please consult your health care professional...The graphics look terrible, and I am not critizing the game developer for this, it is an artstyle some people like it some dont. But the graphics look worse then RCT2, which you can get for a fraction of the cost and it has more features (keep in mind this is an early alpha release). What do I mean by ""graphics look terrible"", there are no (zero, zilch, nada) textures. Like seriously, trees are green and brown with maybe a dark green thrown in too. Looks like a 2nd grade art project."
,Not Recommended,453090,22855063,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DyslexicDinosaur,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i launch this ♥♥♥♥ and it pops up ln my tabs like its running with its super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ a$$ music it forces me to listen to while i cant click ON THE F*****CKING TAB to actually play. WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
76561198063010386,Recommended,453090,22813143,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Pixelator,You can drown people in beautiful stylized graphics. 10/10. Definitely going to play tons of this game.
,Recommended,453090,22813335,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,JCN_Official,This game brings out the classic Rollercoaster Tycoon games (Exept 3) and adds nice looking graphics.... smooth animations and best of all it has Steam Workshop now myself a game like this with steam workshop support should really be checked out ^_^ 10/10 personally from me^^
,Recommended,453090,22859369,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pretty Patsie™,"Parkitect is a great game, even in its early access state. Reminds me a lot of RC 1 & 2 which is awesome. Only have a few issues personally but i'm hoping these will be sorted out during the development process.PROS:Nice ""cute"" visualsVery familiarFun100% potentialBetter than RCT WorldCONS:Loses frames even on a powerful PC when a lot of props are used (hopefully will be more optimised down the line)A few crashes.I recommend this game to ANY theme park building fan.#GG"
76561198021625302,Recommended,453090,22923783,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,johnnysausage,"Great Game, love the way you can create your own scenery. A Few Problems and bugs, not to mention a slight slowsdown when zooming out to far (although this is early access so it is to be expected).Can't wait to to see what else they bring to this game!"
,Recommended,453090,22921392,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lord Pally,"Love It!  That is all I can say!  I do see a few little things that need fixed (For Example, once you fix a broken ride it still has the sparks coming out the control panel), and really look forward to more items to use within the game (More Coasters!).. This is one of those games that if you like RollerCoaster Tycoon  back when it was great, then you will love this!  As long as the developers stay with the game it will go as high as RCT, and could even pass its mark!  The User Creations on the Workshop really are top knotch and do help some with the missing items making it feel more complete!   Keep up the great work guys and gals!"
,Recommended,453090,22933885,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Kiwi,Just an alpha but already really fun. You're doing a great job!
76561197979726936,Recommended,453090,22919792,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,cast£llo^ ︻デ╦───═,"Fun game, brings me back to the good old days with RCT! Think the game has lots of potential, and I realy hope the developers will make the game more ""complete"". I realise the game is early access, so I assume they will add and repair minor bugs and graphics. (Yeah some of the graphics looks real cheep).As of now there is only sanbox mode, and thats ok, but after 1-2 hours you'll probably be boored as I was. So in the future they absolutely need to bring something like a  ""campaign mode"" or ""quests"" so there's a goal when you're playing.All in all I would recomend this game if you realy liked the RCT sandbox build ur park games. If ur not quite sure I would wait a bit and see if they will make it more of a ""game"". Cause now it seems kinda pointless to play after the initial fun runs out."
76561198095905322,Recommended,453090,22823046,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Thefartingmonster,"If you liked rollercoaster tycoon 1 and 2 this is definitly a game you should consider buying. Obviously the game is not perfect due to it being early access. But the dev's have brought this a long way and continue to update it. For the price I would say its a good deal at the moment. Plenty of shops, coasters and flat rides to choose from and build your park. Not to mention a lot of different scenery objects."
,Recommended,453090,22841127,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,rnngade,It's a fun game. Can't wait untill there's more gameplay and CS. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,453090,22885877,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,FYA :: UpDown,"It may be just an alpha right now but it got enough features to play it without getting boring. The range of different Coaster styles is big enough to play around an a park is running very smooth, without any laggs or alpha based bugs. Physics in here work great and the cartoon style is also great and for the gameplay much better than these laggy more realistic based same games like RCTW etc.. I will play this game more often on weekends for sure!Features I would love to see in further updates:- Having the possibility to smooth the banking. (E.g. creating a barrel roll right now with 4 segments the banking changes strange in a non linear way)- The possibility to change the 3 different inclinations, even when the track is already ascending. (Like having a small slope, then going steep directly. Right now you need to go horizontal first to change the inclination)"
,Recommended,453090,22888899,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ekuL14,"After playing for a few hours, I highly reccomend this game.  It may still be an early release, but I promise that there is much to do in Parkitect. Keep up the good work Devs, I can't wait to see what is in store for the future."
,Recommended,453090,22886803,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Welshcake,"I've played this game for solid 6 hours, 2 hours online.-This is still early access to there are quite a lot of glitches, it's not a complete game yet but it's still so much fun.-The worst glitch in my opinion is the guests stop entering the rides after a price change. When you change the price of a ride, people can stop and just queueing. Then you have to close the ride and open it again, but you'll lose the queued people which is annoying.-I would like to see more variety in shops and benches and stuff. Like tables, seating areas, games that u find in a real amusement park.-The environment is quite variable you can create water areas, make little mountains etc. like Sims but I don't I'm quite straightforward so if you're one of those creative people you'll like it there are a lot of different things you can do.-Rollarcoast making is a HELL. I stuggled in my first 2 tries and accidentally demolished whole rollercoaster, there should be a tutorial if you don't wanna struggle for half an hour.-You can't see the levels of the rides before buying, you have to purchase then check I think we should be able to see every information.-You can't see the feedback of the entrance fees. Even if you make it 9000, you can't. It will effect the game but there are no feedback opportunuties for your actual park, that's annoying but not essential.-I can feel that it will get a little bit boring after some time because of lack of variation of rides and shops, the interactiveness with staff, I would like to be able to tell my stuff what to do, instead of them just wandering around. They won't do anything if you even force them to move to the place that is dirty, that's a bit annoying.But as I said it's still early access I bet they are improving the game and there will be big updates, so I can't wait for the completed game! It should be a blast!If you like tycoon, management & sim games you def should have it it's not expensive and you won't realize how the time passes. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,453090,22851739,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,kenruler,buy it4/9 buytterflyies.
76561198039814929,Recommended,453090,23888175,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DrolDraw,"A difficult one to call, recomend or not?  On balance, because it's in Early Access and shows a lot of promise I will opt for recomend.The game currently lacks depth, as you would expect in something marked Alpha, and unless you get lots of fun from designing pathways and structures the game currently offers no challange, making a pprofitable park that remains profitable for ever, even whilst AFK for 20 hours or more is trivial.There are also a number of bugs, no great show stoppers, but certainly annoyances that impact game play."
76561198087459855,Recommended,453090,23683351,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ingevdz,"i really enjoy the game.just waiting for campaign mode, when will it be there?"
76561197978832149,Recommended,453090,23589485,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,flinteryk,"This game reminds me very much of sim theme park and i absolutly love it, its a great game and looks good. it is early access so there is not much to it just yet but give it time and it will be top of the game.the only real issue i have with the game is not many rides and other objects to add to your park as of yet. mods and soon to come patches will fix that but for now ill give it a 7/10 i have not run into a single bug thus far so that is a HUGE plus for this game."
76561198142431600,Recommended,453090,23739945,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ckennedy593,"Great game! While it may not have all of the content yet, it definitely has the bones to one day become a classic. If you love RTC1&2 you'll really like this game! I'm looking forward to updates in the future which will add more content."
,Recommended,453090,23925777,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Acer,The game feels and plays like the old RollerCoaster Tycoon games. It brings a long some nice new features like having to restock your shops. Sadly there is no campaign mode as of writing this review.
,Recommended,453090,23060378,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Gaillard,it's rct on steroids
76561198083444322,Recommended,453090,24075780,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tièzz,"I bought this game yesterday, I was sceptical at first because I really loved RollerCoaster Tycoon and didn't want this to be a failed successor, but it definately is not! It is a really awesome game and I love it <3 You should really give it a chance if you're not fully convinced, because it is the real deal, and it is amazing!"
,Recommended,453090,24093660,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cyan,"Literally the modern day Roller Coaster Tycoon. It's currently lacking themes, but the fact that a game like this is vastly overdue, especially with Atari and RTC devs just... nonexisitant, this game is humbly welcome into my library."
76561198048010360,Recommended,453090,24071360,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Swamp Bear,"Love this game. Reminds me of the good times I had with Rollercoaster Tycoon - although this game is much better, even in it's current form which is sandbox only. I do hope in the future that objectives are added. If you love Roller Coaster Tycoon I would not deny yourself this game."
76561198227467308,Recommended,453090,24056517,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Thedawg123,Great game played from a couple hours now. Considering its still alpha their are very little bugs!
76561198016052870,Recommended,453090,24233629,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,barnstar,"Great game!Although, as of the date of this review, it is only possible to play in sandbox mode, it is still easily worth the asking price!Don't worry, you can still add challnge to the Sandbox mode yourself by simply trying to balance the books!  Something that is tricky to do as you will want to build everything straight away and let your imagination run wild!It is a simple game to play, and after watching a quick how to guide on Youtube I was making my own park in no time at all!  The only slightly complicated task is if you decide to design your own rollercoasters (several premade ones are included, so you don't have to if you don't want to), which again you can watch a Youtube video to help you do.Not much to complain about here really, other than a few minor bugs that I am sure will be sorted for it's final release.I especially like how you can get feedback from guests and workers alike at any point to try to rectify problems.  I had a ride break down which was not fixed for ages, so I found one of my mechanics as he walked around and clicking on him I was able to determine that he was too tired to work.  I had forgotten to build any staff facilites and my workers were walking around like zombies as exhaustion took over them!  Another time guests started complaining about how unclean my park was, so I was able to install more bins and then, using the handy zoning feature, I was able to designate my food court areas as prime places for my janitors to patrol!Overall, This game is pretty polished considering it is in Early Access, and it will only keep getting better!"
,Recommended,453090,24231151,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,fumikasu,An awesomely crafted game that can rival that of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. Micromanagement optionsa are all there with the freedom create and tweak your own unique roller coaster templates! Highly recommended for hours of fun! Put the graphics aside and you'll see the true beauty of this finely crafted game!
,Recommended,453090,24113042,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SirGregMac,"Loving this game. As a fan of the old RollerCoaster Tycoon games this game is extremely reminiscent of those, yet better in every way. Having workshop support is great and having a community like parkitectnexus and their simple way of adding mods & blueprints makes it so much better."
76561198146588073,Recommended,453090,24679886,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jordanwar,"Reallly great game, fun, simple but full of possibilities ! The devs are doing an amazing work to bring new stuff and to fix everything ! I've already spent hours on this game which i find totally worth buying."
76561198159824012,Recommended,453090,26123657,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Weirdo2000,"The game is great, I love it and would recommend it to others. But there's one thing, it crashes, A LOT, I'm not talking about the occasional crash when you get a bit too rough on the game, for me it crashes most times I try to save. I don't know if this is the same for beefier computers but for a common laptop like mine I need to be cautious about what I do. Besides that the game is great★★★★✩"
,Recommended,453090,30866475,Posted: 31 March,all,Proto,Do You miss RTC 1&2 and don't want the instability that comes with trying to play them on Win 10?Then buy Parkitect. Best thing about this game is it's steam workshop support. A lot of cool stuff from a lot of cool people.
,Recommended,453090,27580479,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Super Penguin,"The most lightweight alternative game out of other recently released rollercoaster theme park game.If your PC doesn't run Planet Coaster decently (game is great, but you need decent specs to run huge park later on), you should try Parkitect or old RCT games.Overall, I really like how the graphics looks and make this game distinct enough (3D orthogonal and low-poly style) from Planet Coaster and old RCT games."
,Recommended,453090,27010212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cheesy potatoes & hot dr pepper,Highly recommended. Developers on top of updates and adding awesome new features each patch. The community is awesome with tons of content in the workshop!
,Recommended,453090,27369772,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nate,Amazing game!!it has cool graphics and dank gameplaywould recommend!
,Recommended,453090,26983262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ApexXtinction [Twitch],"Great game, very under-rated. Definitely worth the buy. Great dev team. Nominated for ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award""."
,Recommended,453090,27294673,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kubes,"Loving the system in place so far, much like playing the older RollerCoaster Tycoon games but renewed. Very nostalgic and addicting, can't wait to see this as it continues to improve."
,Recommended,453090,26950786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Buizy,"I looked at both planet coaster and this before deciding on this, and i whole heartedly recommend. It feels just like RCT2 and plays beautifully well."
76561198259968365,Recommended,453090,26693904,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,isaax,"great gameplay, good framerate, music is alright but very limited music options to add to rides"
76561198019383303,Recommended,453090,26764823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tirranor,"Parkitect is going the right way! It already has that RCT feeling to it.Ofcourse its in Alpha, so there is alot to do before its finished, but i really like the way this is going!"
76561198074502848,Recommended,453090,26641526,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pittsportsfan,"Do you find yourself looking to play a game that actually captures the spirit of the first two Roller Coaster Tycoon games, but offers improvements over them?This is your game.I am sure you've looked at the photos and could see that the graphical style is very similar, so I will just mention some of the improvements:- You can customize the bank on roller coaster turns down to 1 degree.- There is a live test preview that you can monitor as you're constructing the coaster to ensure it can get over that last big hill.- The option to view G-Forces includes a ""heat map"" layover on the coaster track to see exactly where G-Forces are too intense, completely removing any guesswork.- As you might have noticed, it's open to the Steam Workshop, which if it were included in RCT2, would be worth the cost           by itself.- Factors in ride elements like ""head choppers"" in the exctiement rating.- Gives the ability to stack objects, creating more complex sceneries.Now for some of the negatives about the game, because the game is not perfect:- It's currently only available in Sandbox mode, which means there aren't any scenarios or objectives.- The game lacks any sort of tutorial.- The game is still in Alpha, and has been for a year.What makes the negatives acceptable for me to still recommend the game? Well, even though the game is still in Alpha,  there have been significant updates, both in quantity, and more importantly, in quality. You can also see where the dev is active in the forums and actually implements ideas and creations from fans into the game - see Go Kart scenery. Compare that to Roller Coaster Tycoon World ... At any rate, while the game lacks an in game tutorial, the community is awesome and provides great guides along with any other help you may need. Finally, while it is sandbox only, what helps to keep it fresh during this time is the ability to download other creations, from parks down to the scenery.Bottom Line, if you have $18.00 to drop on a game and you like the orginal two RCTs, do yourself a favor and pick this game up. You won't regret it, and the game will only continue to get better."
76561198063545962,Recommended,453090,26642109,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,biffchicken,"Has a great base game for an alpha release. I would love to see this game fleshed out fully with all the bells and whistles. It reminds me so much of Rollercoaster Tycoon from back in the day.It has a long way to go, and it seems to be headed in the right direction. I'm interested in how this game is able to do over time, especially with the release of ""Planet Coaster"" in the very near future. Both look like great games to be, but something about the top down, simplified, artsy/toon style graphics makes me thing it could be the better rival one day. After all gameplay is not decided by graphics, but we'll see.Got my eye on this one for sure."
,Recommended,453090,26574679,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FoxFace,"I was pretty skeptical at first looking at the example images for this game. It looked clean but it really can’t visually compare to games like Planet Coaster. I also hate buying unfinished games. However, I took a leap in buying it and I couldn’t be happier. The graphics smooth (really quite cute when the game is actually running), the mechanics are fairly deep, and it’s a real management game that finally replaces RTC2.This game still has a long way to go but I’m excited to see what the devs do with it."
76561198342105387,Recommended,453090,26619417,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,holly.marie110204,great game but cash machine is not used by guests fix that
,Recommended,453090,26622888,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tinuven,"A trip down nostalgia lane with this game that plays very similar to Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2. Looks good, plays really well on lower end machines and is a good alternative for those who's machines can't manage Planet Coaster or Rollercoaster Tycoon World. Still in early access and quite a few features are needed to make it excellent but is on the way! Plus has transport rides so even better!"
76561198130144457,Recommended,453090,26574895,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,fisherb1986,"Totally brings back to RTC BIG time. Yes at first it was simple and simple graphics. but i gave it a chance and now, i love it. its like this little really cute version of RTC. I cant waite to see what more they add onto it. I would love to see more kinds of rollercoasters. like the heartline rollercoaster, or mine train steel/wood. or like the B&M style rides such as steel twister or floorless coaster and cant forget about stand-up rides. Also , Def have like different kinds of modes on the coasters such as shuttle coaster mode. And def keep up the great work guys. seriously i think so far you been out doing the newest RTC game. and just to think this gem of a game is one of the less cost ones. keep it up, This could be def and renewable of RTC before it got crappy"
76561198069421446,Recommended,453090,26928678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,REDTHEKNIGHT,Such a fun and amazing theme park tycoon game. If your looking for a fun little game to relax with than you have found it!
,Recommended,453090,26783759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,90vette,"If you enjoyed the original Roller Coaster Tycoon and RCT2 games, you will like this ""spiritual successor""."
,Recommended,453090,27006320,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vutrax,Simply best rollercoaster game :D
,Recommended,453090,26890316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TimmohB,Brings back memories and also creates some pretty awesome ones. Just great.
,Recommended,453090,23499497,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ketchup,"Dude... DUDE... it's one hour before exams and I'm playing this stupid gameIt's incredibleI asked my greek friend what he thought of my greek templeHe approvedYIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS10/10 WOULD FAIL EXAMS BECAUSE I'M BUILDING A GREEK TEMPLE IN A THEME PARK SIMULATION GAME AGAINno seriously buy ityou will have much funfin(btw it says that I've only played 8 mins, but steam didn't track my ofline time)"
76561198036715750,Recommended,453090,22989201,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,vigliottec,as long as they add more this will become a great game.things i want:space theme + ridesold west theme + ridespower launch for rollercoastersriver rapidsbut great game
76561198092414218,Recommended,453090,23022639,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,LordAutumn,brings back the memories of being a child and playing the coaster tycoon series. 10/10
,Recommended,453090,23096873,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Taleweaver,"Absolute perfect successor to where RCT2 left off...and it's not even out yet!So...since everyone and their dog already said this, here are some differences:-great peep support; they're voicing their opinions both in sim-like grunts and animations-intuitive building of...pretty much anything (coasters can be complex, but not harder than it should be)-frequent updates and (apparently) great support from the devs-extensive staff and shop support including deliveries and staff-only paths-blueprints of scenery and online interaction (mods, scenery, savegames, ...). It has already a great online communityAll in all: two huge thumbs up (mine and my girlfriend's)."
,Recommended,453090,27119351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mordalthunder,"One of the best games ever, It brings me back to the roller coaster tycoon 2 era and it just got me hooked again!"
,Recommended,453090,30934565,Posted: 3 April,all,Frisky Paws™,Alpha Review:Reminds me of a update Roller Coaster Tycoon.  Still has a lot of work that needs done but its awesome so far.
,Recommended,453090,27053613,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OK_Rick,Great successor to RCT2. Amazing park management with improved coaster building.
,Recommended,453090,31165628,Posted: 15 April,all,gameolots,"This Game Is AMAZING, But The Only Problem Is That When A Lot Of People Are In The Park The Game Starts To Lag A Lot When You Get Close To Them. Otherwise This Game Is Perfec, Beside The Lack Of Shops, Rides, And Decorations. I Love The Freedom Given To Place Objects Anywhere I Just Wish There Were More! I WIll Update This Review As Soon As More Content Is Added!"
76561198452937620,Recommended,453090,31205236,Posted: 17 April,all,adambrycki007,Things I suggest for improvment.1.After an incline or decline of a coaster is picked it cant be reajusted untill its leveled out again.2.higher movability of the coster would be nice instead of the basic pice by pice builder.3.cant build coaster over path ways even if they are high off the ground something possible in rct24.The classic gameplay is great but for the next generation curved paths and higher range of rotation would be better5.building and constructing would be even easier with a drag system a bit like pathways have6.you can only place paths in a straight line can be useful but an option would be nicer7.there is no tutorial mode having to resherch how the game works8.waterslides and animals like in rct3 would be a great addition9.workers wonder when there are things to do in there zones10.more object merging friendly so that we can get as detailed as we want without restrictionsI think this could be a great game and truly be even better than planet coaster if it went more with the next generation of the classic design giving us more powerful tools to build amazing things quickly and to our very desire while still staying simple and not introducing more complicating machanics such as the depots which is fun but shouldnt be more complex than that. good luck with the project
76561197968775278,Recommended,453090,30298955,Posted: 3 March,all,Malfunction,Perfectly recreates and expands the feeling of playing Roller Coaster Tycoon as a kid. It still feels new in exciting ways. Keep up the good work! What I would like to see in the future is goal-oriented scenarios.
,Recommended,453090,31198982,Posted: 17 April,all,LokiD,"If like me you found Planet coaster to daunting and more like a hardcore Coaster enthusiasts creative  tool. Parkitect is the answer to your throwback days to the original RCT!!Every little money tweak you make to your park feels like it makes a difference (unlike others above) everything is easily managed and easy to understand, and things like staff rooms and routes to deliver stock to shops, is unheard of in any other park sim. This game can trully be the best Sim theme park management game out there. On the creative side its not PlanetCoaster - but it has a workshop and you can make some nice looking pieces. But i take it your here cos you dont want to be an imagineer?you just wanted something that works like the days of RCT but improved, with good management elements..welcome....PARKITECT."
76561198167620316,Recommended,453090,31090188,Posted: 11 April,all,compjake123,"This game is great. I was interested in a new theme park game that wasn't as fancy as RCT World and this game is great. It is very detailed with things RCT games lacked like lap belts, more choice on turn angles, where staff members are assigned. If you like RCT type games and are looking for a new one this one is definitely the best choice. One of my favorite things about it is how you get more interaction with peeps and the fact that more scenery props are available , even in this early access of the game. A must have for theme park lovers !"
,Recommended,453090,30041645,Posted: 19 February,all,D3nnis,Great game with active devs.
,Recommended,453090,34402764,Posted: 21 August,all,LilRoseNinja,"I wish there was a im on the the fence button for this game, on the whole its a a good classic park game, I would like the camera controls to be easier to use, and land development to be clearer. I enjoyed the sandbox builder, though would have liked a tutorial. I hope as this is still early access it just keeps getting better"
,Recommended,453090,34397503,Posted: 21 August,all,Schwifty,"For an Alpha, it's pretty good. I enjoyed it for a good 10hrs or so on record. There's not a huge amount of rides to choose from (iMO) but the coaster builder has a lot of excellent options.There are a ton of issues that irked me though. Building can be quite fiddling. The amount of times i've accidentally deleted things or overly increased the terrain level is unreal - It wouldn't be that bad if there was an UNDO button... but there isn't (from my knowledge). So you have to rebuild/redo it all again.As for the staff... the janitor keeps ignoring full bins and crap on the floor, even if you pick them up and place it by the dirty paths.I'd still recommend playing the game if you are on OSX and really miss the old Rollercoaster Tycoon series, but the current build of the game I'd give it a 6/10."
76561198356072236,Recommended,453090,34414464,Posted: 22 August,all,bloxydude,I would recommand Parkitect because the coasters are super awesomeAnd the staff are very active and helpfulI love parkitect more then other roller coaster making games.
76561198210819477,Recommended,453090,34171824,Posted: 11 August,all,Super toasty gaming,Very good game that revamps the first roller coaster tycoon games with more ways to decorate and create your park can't wait for more updates!
,Recommended,453090,35212818,Posted: 25 September,all,Joshinya42,"This game has a great art style and graphics that are fun to look at. It is still in early access and it shows with the lack of some content like various rides and gameplay elements like the challenging coaster design set up.I love where the game is headed in terms of a management and tycoon style game, which is why it got my thumbs up. A decent amount of micromanagement for shops and rides, but nothing tedious. Good at making you feel like the money actually matters and that you need to get more of it.Overall, I would rate it a buy, but if you are looking for a complete game with full content and shiny systems, why are you buying early access in the first place?"
,Recommended,453090,29019007,Posted: 4 January,all,𝖑𝖎𝖙𝖙𝖑𝖊𝖟𝖟,"THIS IS MY REVIEW YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO DISAGREE WITH ITParkitect is a good game, i bought it 2 weeks after release and it has come far in the 1 and a half years on steam.When it came out careers research scenarios many of the rides and decorations weren't a thing.This game has some of the best if not the best manegement i have seen in a park builder.One of the best dev teams i have seen for a game, Listens to the community. Still works on the game.I am looking forward to the full release of parkitect!The game sadly does not have first person, and the mod for it no longer works.pros and consPros:~Good dev team~good graphics~good management~Stable game (Rarely crashes)~People puke way too easily~can make it $50 for toiletsCons:~People puke way too easily~People don't use $50 toilets (JOKE)~Game can lag at times~From what i've seen enterprises can drive your park bankrupt if you have one it will be the only ride people will rideI have gotten 69HR and countingThe game is funYou can do anything in sandbox if you like goofing aroundbut if you like manegement than career is perfect.One of the best park builders around!8.4/10"
,Recommended,453090,35330616,Posted: 30 September,all,Willbycraft,This game is quite good at running on most computers!It is very fun and you could spend HOURS on it!
,Recommended,453090,33880760,Posted: 29 July,all,Flxur,"Long time fun, short time fun. Doesen't matter how or when you play this, its a good game and brings back alot of old RCT nostalgia. Better still, the game has got quite alot of content already, and its only early acces still! Which means theres loads of more stuff to come."
