user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198014940948,Recommended,453310,32134663,Posted: 2 June,all,ysleen,"Quite a short game (2-3h depending on your exploration curiosity and achievements hunt), but the story/narrative is pretty great, full of both emotions and strangeness : a sort of mix between Donnie Darko, David Lynch and Alice in Wonderland.Dialogs and cast interpretation add a nice touch of feelings to the characters, and even if you can start figuring out the outcome early on, still emotionnally touched in the end.No gameplay per se (some puzzles and logic),  but I definitively don't regret having gone through the emotionnal ride."
,Not Recommended,453310,31489423,Posted: 1 May,all,Godefrigg Colèrequitter,"Blackwood Crossing has been on my radar for quite a while. Interestingly enough, I first heard about it on a medium irrelevant with gaming and related journalism. It had been in the back of my mind ever since and I knew little about the theme, its gameplay or its exact genre. What caught my gaze and sparked my interest in the first place when I saw those early screenshots, were the unique art style and the excellent character models, surrounded by a magical and dream-like world.The game is the lovechild of the newly established (2011) Indie Studio, Paper Seven, some of its members being old Black Rock Studio employees (Split/Second , Pure). It’s the first actual game that they make, that meets their own goal of creating titles with absolute love for their work and the industry in general. That love is apparent in the game visuals, be it assets, or character models and animations, professing a great deal of hard work, on the same level with many animation studios of far greater budgets.The story is about Scarlett και Finn, two orphaned siblings and their train ride, which evolves to be a ride on their memories, thought-train and the issues of their relationship. I can’t reveal more without ruining the very point of telling a well written and tender story, filled with feelings common to all of us, which is bound to wake emotions, especially to those with much younger/older siblings. After a certain point the story gets predictable, but performances are stellar-especially Finn’s.What fails the game, story-wise, is that on top of being too short already (about 3 hours) what remains is not enough to develop the issues that are raised. In addition to further developing Scarlett/Finn’s relationship, which is essential to create a greater emotional investment to them.There are some issues regarding the port to the PC platform, naturally locked at 30 fps featuring some non-impressive textures that do no justice to the otherwise amazing work done in character design and animations. Apart from those otherwise minor issues, Blackwood Crossing’s main failure is its very nature.So I think that for the story Blackwood Crossing wants to tell, and considering how obviously talented the development team is, as far as visuals and art direction is concerned, the video game medium, might not be the best one. Although I avoid the term “Walking Simulator”, this case is probably the archetypical definition of it, the despairingly slow walking pace not doing any favors– especially when it comes to backtracking back and forth for some of the simple puzzles. In other “genre” titles, roaming can be beneficial for storytelling, since the player, uses that otherwise dead time to think and digest storytelling, using the gameworld as a backdrop just like a movie uses slow takes and photography to let a viewer process the story, in the time between scenes. This process in Blackwood Crossing felt like a chore and was conducted just through the motions, instead of happening organically through game mechanics. The reasons were the painfully slow walking pace and the uninspired way that the player is involved, being restricted to either walk, inspect something, matching two characters into a dialogue between them or combining items in a very simplistic and linear way.Visually, although game areas are usually pretty small and congested, they manage to convey a dreamlike vibe, in some cases creepy even. Game characters are expertly designed and animated (some issues with lip syncing and Scarlett’s reflection not moving the lips when talking).  And yet as a video game it is failed by the very mechanics that we are used to as movement “gameplay”. Combining the lack of meaningful gameplay and player involvement, I believe that maybe it would have been better for the particular creation and its story if it was told through a different medium such as a 3D animated movie or short.65/100Pros•	Highly artistic character models and game artwork•	Scarlett / Finn’s performances•	Some nice themes are examined….Cons•	…sadly there is not much time for the player to be immersed.•	30 fps lock and port technical problems•	Short even for genre standards•	Too simple puzzles•	Fails to deliver any kind of gameplay, so as to give meaning to player’s interaction. The player could be not participating at all, and it would still have been the same story.TLDR : Would recommend it on a huge discount for the amazing character design, animations and story. Not for the (lack of) gameplay.Ελληνική έκδοση στοhttp://ragequit.gr/reviews/item/blackwood-crossing-pc-review"
76561198019424810,Recommended,453310,30977693,Posted: 6 April,all,Doubleclick,"A very sweet interactive fiction.It's short, and there's very little gameplay. Very simple problem-solving, and nothing that you'd really call a puzzle. If you need more in a Steam purchase, and if 2 hours is too short for the price, you might not enjoy this.But it does a great job of translating the feeling of a British animated film to a game engine (the kind of feel-good movies you get on TV at Christmas). The art and music are beautiful, and the voice acting is nicely done. If that sounds good to you, you ought to enjoy this."
,Recommended,453310,30975936,Posted: 6 April,all,Messofanego,"""Sometimes we push people away without meaning to.""Have you ever regretted the choices and events in your life that caused a distance between you and a loved one at some point, imagining how you could go back to fix it all in your head? That's the premise of Blackwood Crossing, a surreal firstperson adventure game about rekindling a neglected sibling relationship. If you're a fan of games like Alice Madness Returns, Papo and Yo, and Brothers, this two and a half hour game should be right up your emotional alley.You play as Scarlett, the older sister of Finn. You start off on a train which is the most recurring location as it gets transformed and twisted in surreal fashion to become a forest and then end up on Finnland (""there already is a Finland""; ""mine's better""). You two seem to live with your grandparents, your parents being slightly out of the picture. Finn can't remember what his parents looked like, especially his mom's face. A schoolteacher, a schoolboy, grandparents, and a rabbit boy are other side characters who are all wearing masquerade-like masks that figure into this wider narrative to culminate in an emotionally rousing finale. There's a few twists that put the narrative all into perspective in a satisfying but also melancholic ending, which made me well up at points.Like in Groundhog Day, you're trying to fix all these events in your life that were mistakes that led to your drifting apart. You're older now and hang out more with your boyfriend, Cameron, and generally don't have the time to play with Finn. At one point, you're remembering this exchange where you're heading off to go out on a date but Finn wants to play with you in the treehouse making makeshift flying butterflies. This understandably creates a sense of abandonment, neglect, and anger in Finn. So this time, you're drawing the butterflies, cutting them up with scissors, and taping safety pins that work as a winding up tool, then using magic to give them life to fly like Finn does. However, Finn then remembers the bad memory of you actually leaving to hang out with Cameron and the butterflies that you were giving life to a minute ago turn out to be crumpled and limping on the table.In this game about memories, there are puzzles that fill in the blanks. The most recurring one is about deciding the order of sentences between multiple pairs of characters. Another one is saying out the events of a dragon battle in the right order through the phrases of their made-up language. Drawing out amorphous masses of darkness and bringing them to light or fire. Or collecting cardboard toy-like representations of missing parts to structures in Finnland and giving them life. None of them are too mentally taxing, although there was just one point I got stuck on trying to get a fire extinguisher out of its case that had been shut by a Finn Co. padlock made out of paper.For such an emotional narrrative game, it needs to be backed up by the presentation and boy does the game deliver on this front. I especially love the firstperson acting where you can see your limbs at all times because it gives a personal connection of you to the protagonist. In this case it's the proudly freckled redhead female protagonist Scarlett who wears black nail polish and Converse-like sneakers. There are some lovely animations like when you're holding a fireball in your hand, and you're given manual control such as when you ascend/descend a ladder, controlling the movement speed of each limb. You can see your real-time reflection in mirrors, which I did quite a bit against the train windows whenever I was holding up something. It's impressive work for an indie firstperson game, coming off the heels of Virginia and Firewatch. There is a beautiful score by Lowrider Sound that gives the game its playful and nostalgic flavour, closed out by a memorable ending song ""The Crossing"" (Ben Ottewell). The writing by Olver Reid-Smith is on-point in having well-developed sibling characters that never get too irritating and never feeling like the game gives too much exposition as to what happened, instead relying more on visual storytelling. Rosie Jones and Kit Connors do a great job in the voice acting of these British siblings as Scarlett and Finn, respectively. I first came across this game at EGX Rezzed only a week ago and was immediately struck by the very expressive and colourfully cartoony artstyle for a firstperson game, so I have to give thanks to Ryan Guy (art director), Matt Aldrige (character artist), Ben Mowson (environment artist), Iain Haskell (animator), and the rest of the team. Well done, PaperSeven (Brighton-based ex-Black Rock developers) in making such a memorable experience and what's bound to be one of my favourite games of the year 2017."
,Recommended,453310,32096077,Posted: 31 May,all,Kaylee,"Went in expecting this game to be a little spoopy and was kind of disappointed that it wasn't, but then as I went through the game-- that disappointment faded away so quickly. Through puzzles explaining everything of what happened and piecing everything together, this game brought tears to my eyes.Wonderful game. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,453310,33323666,Posted: 6 July,all,Catharsis,"This isn't the longest game, I completed a playthrough taking my time in 3 hours, then replayed it to grab a couple of achievements I missed which is the total playtime.It always runs with vsync (or half) on, but on my system it ran happily at my 72fps. They have not fixed any FOV options however and initially this along with the headbob & weird swayey movement made me feel very off. Within about half an hour though I had got used to it and didn't notice it anymore. Other people however have had issues with it making them feel sick throughout, so worth keeping in mind if you are sensitive to it.It's a gorgeous, simple little game - little more than a walking simulator, but that isn't a bad thing - it is a very good example of it done right. I can't say that I got emotional at all (which normally happens easily for me), but I felt satisfied by the conclusions of the game.An easily 100%able sweet and beautiful game, though yes I agree that the full price listing is just too high, but worth grabbing in a sale if it seems like your sort of thing."
76561197983783060,Recommended,453310,31041714,Posted: 9 April,all,SilentKnight,"Though occasionaly I had issues with controls (such as movement being the same keys as selecting dialog), all in all I loved this game.  The story and mystery really pull you in, and leave a lasting impression. 5/5"
76561198091071598,Recommended,453310,30962086,Posted: 5 April,all,Atlssandro,"There are few aspects which are quite neat and nice. Major positive aspect - is the story itselfPros:-An interesting story overall-All game is based on puzzle-style. Great side, that it makes you think in some cases. Negative side, that it doesn't give any clues, doesn't involve in the story and you need to sort of guess of what is going on. Perhaps it is part of mystery developers tried to create.-Music and sound enviornment is perfect. I would say sounds perfectly translate the feeling matter of story to the player.-Interacted characters through out the game keep the story intruiging and interesting, wanting you to continue the game play.Cons:-It is not optimised for PC. For those who prefer PC over consoles - it is not the right way to enjoy the story. However, if you enjoy playing on consoles, I doubt it will cause any inconvenience. I would still keep it as a negative point, since the game is in Steam - for PC players.-The game is rather short. Took me almost 3 hours with real-life-interruptions now and then.-There is lack of story involvement for the player. Perhaps again, it is a mystery developers tried to keep, but on the other hand, the game is rather linear and it doesn't allow to drown into the mystery. Instead, we just follow the events 1 by another.Overall, it was a pleasant experience and I would recommend to have a go for those, who look for something extraordinary and unusual. The game might be a bit pricey for what it gives, but hey, it gives way more than same amount of money spent in a pub or coffee shop. Try it out!"
76561198119676871,Recommended,453310,31327607,Posted: 23 April,all,feralcoven,"Story-Rich & EmotionalBlackwood Crossing, is a indie game,with a touching story followingScarlet and her younger brother Finn.What the game lacks in play time, makes up for emotional aura.Playing through, you unravel the relationship between the two, andcome to understand the mystery behind the world created.With a heart felt ending and a meaningful story well thought out, it's hardto say Blackwood Crossing is overall a bad game. With conclusion,Blackwood Crossing is worth buying for the gamers who enjoy a good story,and calm setting for a change.Pros:Story RichMusicPuzzle AspectCons:Short GameSmall Lag w/ PC"
76561198074123690,Recommended,453310,31711230,Posted: 12 May,all,Scymon,"I loved everything about this game. For me, it was very reminiscent of the game Papo & Yo. It had excellent story telling, you really felt connnected to the characters throughout the game, and it wsa overall just gorgeous. The small interactions you have with each of the minor characters really helps to set the tone and give a good background as to who these two siblings are. Yes it is a relatively short game, I finished it in one sitting, but I feel all the better for playing it. As with Papo & Yo, the story sticks with you and really makes a mark on how you perceive things and how others feel in situations. If you're looking for a game that is story heavy and pulls you into the world and makes you feel a part of it, this is for you. Otherwise you may or may not prefer this game. I'd say this game is worth it at full price."
,Recommended,453310,31457689,Posted: 30 April,all,Ishimaru Masato,"This game is completly fantastic, the story is great and heart warming.The gameplay is fitting the story but nothing impressive or new.At all i can definetly recommend it. It was realy much fun to play it ."
76561198202440323,Recommended,453310,31561159,Posted: 5 May,all,Ori,"HOW DARE YOU MAKE ME CRY???? Dear God that was great, absolutely amazing story telling and completely beautiful to watch. The only thing that annoyed me was how slow Scarlett moved and that she didn't have a run option, but other than that, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,453310,31049807,Posted: 9 April,all,.spy,"I'll start with the negative point first:- The slow walking speed drove me nuts evertime I had to go a few extra steps because I couldn't figure something out in the first try (I hate slow walking in games, even if it fits to the overall feeling of the game, like in this one).On to the positives:+ incredible strange, creepy atmosphere that makes you wonder what the hell is going on+ superb art style+ great music that fits perfectly with the storytelling+ a story that slowly builds up and delivers with an emotional (though not fully surprising) endingIt's one of only two games that got me in a deeply emotional state and made me reflect on real life events."
,Recommended,453310,32915233,Posted: 27 June,all,Eridactyl,"First of all, I'm sure there are a lot of people who would object to even calling Blackwood Crossing a game. It is very much a walking simulator, and while it does have a few puzzles, the answers to them are damn near literally handed to you on a silver platter. If you're looking for a game with a ton of interactivity, or one that really requires you to think, this is probably not the game for you.If however, you want an awesome story that you can get through in one sitting, definitely check this one out. I won't lie, I bawled like a baby.My only complaint is the awful FOV and headbob. I spent the first 15 minutes of play time messing around in settings trying to make it bearable, and while ultimately there was a sweet spot where it wasn't a game-ending issue, it was still there. Also, the option for a speedier walk/jog would have been nice.Overall though, this was a wonderful experience that I would absolutely recommend."
,Recommended,453310,31004179,Posted: 7 April,all,MrGankYT,"A beautiful game that i couldnt stop playing when i started.- Its about Scarlet and her brother finn on their journey to freedom i guess you could say :)You get really attached to those two...Higly recommend to play it all in one go since it will all make more sense and be way more touching.PROS:- Great story, its beautiful, well planed and mystic.- Nice graphics, They have a really ""calm"" effect and give you a nastolgic feeling of cartoons and a childs mind which is       good since its about too kids :)- Nice puzzles that are pretty simple but still adds a lot to the story and they are done in a pretty cleaver way!- A lot of Feels that goes up and down xDCons:- the story is a bit short, really wanted it to be longer since i didnt want it too end!(- some character movment could be approved but its like yea nothing to care about really xD)It was defently worth the money!"
,Recommended,453310,31462230,Posted: 30 April,all,Banesidhe,"If you would like to be punched emotionally in the gut repeatedly over the space of about 2.5 hours, then yes, buy the game. Otherwise, no. Its very pretty, the storytelling is ACES, the gameplay is VERY linear and I was a sobbing, bawling mess and almost drove out an hour and a half trip to give my (38 years old) little brother a hug at 5 in the morning. So. Yeah."
,Not Recommended,453310,32710204,Posted: 23 June,all,skeptical (extreme),"It's not a bad game, but it's not a great game either. Even as someone who really enjoys this genre, it's a very short game for the asking price (took me 2 hours). I would much rather have preferred if this game was half the price and the movement speed wasn't super slow to artificially increase the game length.Also, I really would have liked an option to increase the FOV."
,Recommended,453310,30965593,Posted: 5 April,all,[GAZArts],"I've just finished Blackwood Crossing, it took about two hours which is what I expected going by the price tag. Not too short or too long for a 'Gone Home' style first person interactive story. First off I'd like to thank PaperSeven for reducing me to an emotional mess towards the end of the game.You guys really know how to pack a punch with a superb creative story that gets you so invested in these two characters. I also enjoyed the artistic style with the character models and environments. Performance wise It would have been nice to experience the game in 60 frames but to be honest the games no worse for being capped at 30.For people curious about this title, if you enjoyed games such as Gone Home or the vanishing of Ethan carter, games that kick your♥♥♥♥♥on an emotional level. Treat yourself to this game."
76561197989721111,Recommended,453310,32965895,Posted: 28 June,all,acerdevilinops,I found the story great for a 2-3hour game the style is geat as well but that being said there is some lag/rubber banding feel near the end of the game. and for that fact i give a 3.5/5
,Recommended,453310,31593118,Posted: 6 May,all,Crammie,"Really loved the Game!+ The Story is Short but i think the lenght of it fits the storyline perfect.+ The Story and its telling! Really well done. The end was something special / emotional+ Graphics look nice+ nice Setting+ loveable characters; Really good character design!~ Puzzels are allright. Some are fairly easy, some need more thinking behind it~ It isnt allways clear what to do next. Some hints may be nice from time to time- Well the only bad thing i noticed was, that you cant sprint. I like to sprint in games. Ok, you might want a player to explore the game and really take in the level and character design but you should atleast give the Player the option to choose for himself.Well summed up it is a really really good game if you enjoy good character and level design and love an incredible Story to it. You will play through it fairly quick but youll enjoy every second of it.Worth a buy: Defently. I loved it, payed full price (around 16 € i think) and i am not dissapointed."
76561198037869676,Recommended,453310,31976676,Posted: 26 May,all,Rikiusai,"In terms of style i'd say blackwood crossing basically resembles other narrative novels, like life is strange.  So if you like that kind of style, I'm pretty sure this one's for you here.Story- and character-wise I wholeheartedly enjoyed the game.  From the first second I felt close and connected to the characters , even though many things being left unsaid and unanswered during the story. Some might find the music too descent, I find that it fits the bill perfectly, always slightly supporting the overall mood of the situation.Negative points might be that , sometimes, controls tend to feel a bit clumsy  and that the main story is indeed relatively short. But I rather fully enjoy 2 1/2 hours, than play a game for 20+ hours with half the time not 100% enjoying it. So for me personally these 15 bucks were very well spent."
76561198030746108,Recommended,453310,31037087,Posted: 9 April,all,Ewen,Beautiful art style and great athmosphere.  It switches betwen bright and playful to creepy and malevolent really well. Beautiful story and interesting puzzels. Would have loved it to be a bit longer but well worth the money.
,Recommended,453310,30971050,Posted: 5 April,all,Nyxes,"I -- wow, where to even start? This game hitveryhard in the emotional sense, and it's delivery was incredibly well done. The art style of the game is beautiful yet not extravagant, and the voice acting was amazing -- the delivery of many of the lines, especially toward the end of the game, really added that extra punch to the emotional core of my being. The music is alsofantastic,used very effectively for scoring scenes and conveying mood changes. Although it may be a bit slow for some,if you enjoy narrative-drive games I would absolutely recommend Blackwood Crossing.Honestly, this is a game that put me in a truly emotional state with its delivery, and I really appreciate the way that it was done.Mechanics-wise I will admit that I had some issues with the game, particularly in the area of framerate and unnecessarily slow movement speed. I personally managed to deal with the slower framerate, though for some this may be a breaking point in deciding to buy the game; as for the movement, if it weren't for the amount of backtracking you have to do, it honestly wouldn't be the worst character movement speed I've seen in a game. The controls were well-mapped for using a controller, though I can't speak for the key bindings for keyboard and mouse.Overall, I do stand by my recommendation of the game.If you have $15.99 (or your regional equivalent), a few hours to spare, and a love for narrative-driven games with a nice art style, I would definitely say buy it as priced; if not, you might prefer to wait for the game to go on sale before buying it, though I still recommend giving it a play. Either way, just prepare yourself for a good helping of emotions.Edited 04/06 to clarify my final thoughts on whether the game is worth it, particularly for the price (as per a comment receieved)"
,Recommended,453310,31587512,Posted: 6 May,all,♪ tuty ツ # ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Absolutely amazing and gorgeous story. This game made me literally cry at the end. RIGHT IN THE FEELS MAN.I love the fact that devs fixed the game and is so gorgeous to play. It's a bit short, about 3 hours maximum but holy christ of god damn nazaret, this game is A GEM. Buy it! <3 <3"
76561198002489638,Recommended,453310,31338197,Posted: 24 April,all,hansi.vos,"I really want to like this game. The story is told in a very sensitive and emotional way, but at the same it follows that one path, which it doesn't leave. I could live with the rather slow walking of the charakter and the so called ""puzzles"" but I couldn't shake the feeling, that there was so much more potential in this one. All in all, if you wan't to play this game, don't make the same mistake as I did: Don't set your expectations too high."
,Not Recommended,453310,32758491,Posted: 24 June,all,FriendCalledFive,"There may be a good game/experience in here, but the terrible fixed FOV and headbob makes me feel nausous in seconds. Will get a refund."
,Recommended,453310,31334192,Posted: 23 April,all,ivar,"Very nice and intriguing, although very short, story. Love the graphics and surreal feel of it!Biggest flaw is the slow walking pace, which gets tedious and annoying after a while."
,Not Recommended,453310,33506977,Posted: 13 July,all,TheUnknownFactor,"This game was 'ok'. The ending is decent, but most of the rest of the game is uninteresting. Perhaps buy this if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,453310,33282223,Posted: 5 July,all,Bip,"Seems cute and creepy, but too nauseous to finish it even though its relatively short by all accounts.Bad FOV and headbob/stuttering killed a single sitting afternoon type game."
,Not Recommended,453310,31948690,Posted: 25 May,all,Sheeni,"I kinda enjoyed with game, but it only took me 117 minutes for one playthrough and thats totally not enough for 15.99€.It used to have its moments but I totally wouldn't recommend it for such a ""high price"".And I must say that I really didn't enjoy the controlls since some object are too big so you have to face many invisible borders which is pretty annoying. The FOV is also set too low in my opinion.I read many reviews online and still don't get how people get over 3 hours in this game since I collected 80% of the archievments and it really didn't hook me up that I'd go for another playthrough."
76561198007744351,Recommended,453310,34500374,Posted: 26 August,all,OlekWasTaken,"It opened up the flood gates :,) This is why i play video games <3"
76561197965920199,Not Recommended,453310,34155938,Posted: 10 August,all,Chris Finlay,"What should have been an intriguing and charming adventure is frequently marred by poor design and development decisions. The field of view is ridiculously narrow, making it at best hard to explore your surroundings and at worst actually make you feel ill. The movement is incredibly janky, feeling like you're lurching from step to step instead of moving fluidly.The item and character interaction hitboxes are also horrificly done, requiring you to be at a specific distance and looking at a very small area on the item or character to do something.Some items in the game, despite staring right at them, can't be collected unless you ask Finn where they are.The game is locked at 30FPS, and feels like it's dropping most of them at any given time. It's not smooth in any sense.The developers are not responding to anyone in the discussions, instead sending what seems to be an intern to give canned responses.I cannot recommend this game in its current state."
,Recommended,453310,30979342,Posted: 6 April,all,Kronberg,"This game have a very unique and well written story in it, you'll step into a very unique universe with lovely characters and MAGIC! The puzzles are great and a (little) hard sometimes and you'll have to pay attention to the story.My first playthrough was around 2 hours and i was very entertained through the game and sometimes very frustrated when i got stuck at a puzzle, but the overall experience was amazing.I made a full gameplay walkthrough of the game with my first impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuM6kAg18HM"
76561198047756842,Recommended,453310,30990882,Posted: 6 April,all,.tv/GameBeGood,Great story that is delivered in an excellent way.
,Not Recommended,453310,31430891,Posted: 28 April,all,Joppe,This game is almost unplayable because of really severe frame rate issues. Wait until they patch it.
76561198050141583,Not Recommended,453310,31830718,Posted: 18 May,all,Brinkers91,"The game starts off alright. Selecting things was sort of tricky at first. It seems slightly picky about where you were standing to select things at first. Once I got to a certain part it got extremely picky and I could not continue the game, because I could not select what I needed to in order to progress the game."
76561198144264603,Not Recommended,453310,31009545,Posted: 7 April,all,Teemi,"the optimizations is worse than ubisoft. my pc can handle most big games, and i tried this on two different pcs, one gets 20 fps, the other gets 10 fps like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥powerpoint slide, seriously? i know this game is good and all, but no one's bothered by the poor optimization?"
,Recommended,453310,33211984,Posted: 3 July,all,M05final,It was a really good story. But what's an emotional Train ride.
,Recommended,453310,33569388,Posted: 15 July,all,Sevenyellowducks,Like others have said the FOV and controlls are pretty terrible but fight through it. It is worth it. Buy it on sale tho.
,Recommended,453310,32657082,Posted: 22 June,all,kuchenesser,Awesome game with a lot of nice detail. Short but good story that's wort the money.
,Recommended,453310,32831231,Posted: 26 June,all,Perifferal,"Short, but totally worth it!"
76561198282225501,Recommended,453310,32547043,Posted: 18 June,all,Queen Lagertha,"Such a beautiful game. Even though it's shorter than I expected, I love it ♡"
,Recommended,453310,31141104,Posted: 14 April,all,The Don Ego,"I did not quite know what to expect from this game, but after playing through it I am glad I took the time to go through the experience. If you enjoy more of a story driven game then I would highly reccomend this game for you. There is a few technical issues like command prompts being alittle sensative as to where you have to look to get them to work. Beyound that, I simply wish the game was longer seeing as it leaves you with a rough goodbye to it."
76561198315508806,Recommended,453310,31220533,Posted: 18 April,all,This_is_Phia,"I loved it,putting its bluntly. I loved the story, emotional; as for game play it was kinda simple but I found overall beautful, a story like this shouldn't be nailed down with complex gameplay. The graphic style was gorgeous reminded me of These Happy Few but better, the only con was the 30fps but i got along with it cus i fiddled with the mouse and control sensitivites   and the graphcis down to medium which didn't ruin the look. I hope to see more like this from these developers in the future."
76561198116928013,Recommended,453310,34872495,Posted: 10 September,all,Llyria,"It's been a long time that a game moved me to tears. Really nice work!+Simple yet astonishing animation+Great storyline, keeps you pinned to the screen+Tricky but not too hard puzzles+Great soundtrack+- Short+-Bittersweet story-Sometimes when Finn looks up he looks nearly scary because you only see the whites in his eyes"
,Recommended,453310,33682971,Posted: 20 July,all,gabeblackbeard,"It's not always I come across a game with a story that truly moves me, but here it is. Blackwood Crossing is a rather short adventure game with, I feel, a lot of love put into it.The animations and voice acting, in particular, are top notch, as good or better than most triple A games I've seen, in my opinion. The soundtrack is also excellent  - the game even has its own ""main theme"" with a few of its notes being played here and there, and the original version of the song being played at the end. It all looks and feels very well done.The gameplay is simple. Most of the time you walk, talk to characters and inspect/interact with items. There are a few puzzles, but they're all very easy and quick; I don't expect anyone to have too much trouble with them. The gameplay is also linear and there's not much wandering around to be done at any point.The themes the story touches upon are very powerful and to me the developers clearly dedicated themselves to making it all feel organic and relatable. It's really excellent writing, and one of my favorite stories of the past years. I also feel the length of the game, albeit short by today's standards, is actually just enough for it all to sink in while not leaving you burned out by the experience.I highly recommend this game to all people who are looking for a great, moving story with a lot of effort put into it."
,Recommended,453310,33664172,Posted: 19 July,all,ElusiveOne,"Blackwood Crossingtells a particularly moving story about personal falloffs, grief and redemption, by fixing old memories and mending relationships at the edge of dreams and reality.Things turn surreal in no time as your character Scarlett goes looking for her playful younger brother Finn. The game is excellent at setting a unique mood that blends magic, weirdness and nostalgia.It starts on a train you soon discover filled with strangely static characters who wear awesome paper animal masks. Listen to their short conversations and piece them together in the correct order to reconstitute an impression, and move on to the next scene.The game is fully story-driven, with a few creative yet straightforward interactions. This is an original first personpoint-and-pairadventure game, where most actions require matching two things or ideas together, not in the conventional sense.It is not a challenging experience by any means and it is rather short, though it nevertheless feels just right in this context. Most puzzles are a breeze, except perhaps for the tree house password guesswork because you can't replay its audio clues, unlike everywhere else in the game. All other aspects are enjoyable, especially the developing relationships.This simple emotional story is a nice change of pace from constantly saving the world. Its melancholy ending nearly had me in tears. If your inner child is still alive, this game is a must have in your collection, others may seek elsewhere.PositiveVery likable charactersBeautiful surreal environments evocative of dreams and child-like explorationPleasantly simple and intimate storyInnovative and unique gameplay mechanicsAwesome soundtrack with perfectly cast actors, excellent effects and musicFun movie poster parodiesNegativeRelatively frequent (though quick) loading interruptionsOverly simple dialog choices don't add much valueSlow walking speed, no runningChoppy default video options (change Vsync option for smoother experience)Exaggerated head bobbing movementTargeting objects is a bit sensitive and needs precise proximity"
,Recommended,453310,33701468,Posted: 21 July,all,Raggamuffin,Five Word Review: Short adventure game about loss.Favorite Thing: The art style for the characters.Least Favorite Thing: The movement feels very floaty and unresponsive.Date Completed: 2017-07-19Playtime: ~ 2hEnjoyment: 6/10Recommendation: It's a short and (mostly) enjoyable experience. Just don't expect to be blown away.
,Recommended,453310,33734887,Posted: 22 July,all,Genuine Prodigy,"The length of the game compared to the asking price will probably be the biggest obstacle for potential customers. The game takes between 2-4 hours to complete even with all the achievements (I have all achievements with a 4 hour playtime that includes some AFK.) However, if you pick this game up during a sale similar to me, than, it might be easier for you to buy into the game.With that said, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game and found the story to be emotional (your mileage may vary) and towards the end felt some tears forming."
,Recommended,453310,33732310,Posted: 22 July,all,Cerb3rus,"First of all: the controls in this game are something straight out of hell. I have rarely experienced movement and interactions this incredibly unresponsive and inaccurate. Walking around feels sluggish and your inputs are often treated more like a general suggestion of movement than an actual command. When interacting, Scarlett usually takes what feels like an eternity to react to your inputs. If she reacts at all that is, because you might not have been looking at the exact right pixel when you pressed the interaction key.If you're still reading this, however, you might actually enjoy this game. The story itself is enough to keep you interested, though it's not especially complex or surprising. The atmosphere and storytelling are great though, with a few neat unique ideas. If you enjoy walking simulators you'll get a short but neat experience out of this."
76561198023221061,Recommended,453310,34669271,Posted: 1 September,all,Myst,"Altho patience is a virtue, it doesnt work the same way in gaming. For story telling/walking sim the walking part is soooooo sooooo slooooooooooow. The controls are well i guess they exist, but honestly it took me several tries to click on things i wanted to click on (and i do have over 20 years mouse operating experience). The puzzles, and im using the word puzzle liberally, are easy (if you disregards the walking part) so the playthrough is on the short side.And im still gonna reccomend it cos the storys nice and not annoyingAnd you can give the sarcastic responses which is obv always a plus"
76561197971597949,Recommended,453310,34960240,Posted: 14 September,all,Purucker,"Ironically, Blackwood Crossing tells a fantastic story by never really telling it. There are no heavily scripted moments of character introduction or stilted scenes that the player character is animated through. There are also no journal entries or second-person tutorials or other sources of concrete information. This is not a story told in the detailed recreation of past events but rather in the unsettling present shaped by them.This brilliant choice, to hide the most basic details of the story from the player, slowly forces them into the same mindset as the main character. They become as puzzled and confused as Scarlett is, surrounded by the emotional fragments of tragedy. And when that mindset fully takes hold, every other element of the game takes on a heightened effect.Blackwood Crossing shows the complexities of human nature. It portrays characters as human, each with their own set of expectations and flaws. The story is built upon these individuals and how they react both to tragic events and to each other.Finn, the orphaned boy who can’t remember his mother’s face. Cam, the teenage boyfriend unsure of how to comfort in the face of overwhelming sorrow. Scarlett, the girl who feels as if her growing freedom comes at the cost of family. Every character in the game struggles with layered emotions and how to express (or hide) them when interacting with one another.This creates a world in which characters wear an emotional and literal mask, each standing marooned in the multi-faceted landscape of Scarlett’s memories. As the player encounters each character again and again, they slowly peel back layers of half-truths and false posturing to reveal an entangled web of emotional dependencies. When the characters are laid bare, it’s impossible for the player to feel anything but overwhelming empathy.Blackwood Crossing is at its finest when every element of storytelling comes to a fever-pitch climax. In that moment, the player understands that there will always be questions and that answers are both everywhere and absent. That what surrounds you is as important as what happens. And ultimately, that nobody is as simple as they seem."
,Recommended,453310,35278588,Posted: 28 September,all,Tak Blue,"A good, if not short, game.The story unfolds in just the right pace so as to keep the attention of the player.It lacks a FOV adjustability which was initially very distracting and left me with little desire to keep going, but it wore off after awhile and I hardly noticed by the back end of the story.All in all, for a walking sim, this game was on par with most, but is no where close to being another Edith Finch.Medical Warning: The ending made my eyeballs sweat. Not sure if they use hidden hypno-psychosis or something. My eyeballs sweated a lot at the end. Maybe hidden ninjas cutting onions.For a walking sim under $20: 6/10. Meh, but like, ""meh"" in a pleasant way."
76561198179692597,Recommended,453310,35454533,Posted: 3 October,all,Red Hot Dragon,"I must admit I didn't expect much from Blackwood Crossing when I first heard about it. I thought back then it was another typical walking simulator when I first saw the trailer but really when I finished it two hours later I was an emotional wreck.Story:Blackwood Crossing’s narrative is about the adventure of two siblings, one a happy, imaginative young boy named Finn and a young teenager named Scarlett. They were on a train when the game starts with Scarlett being annoyed by Finn’s antics when something when wrong. People frozen wearing animal masks, the train carriages becoming gateways to different worlds and a mysterious black goo that chases the kids. It doesn’t sound much to be emotionally invested in but seeing I am trying not to spoil the story, trust me it really does. There is seriously heavy topics and themes that are told more subtly rather than in Gone’ Home’s case doesn’t shove it in people’s faces. What I really love this game is mostly Finn as he is one the best child characters I ever seen. I’ve seen so many terrible kid characters in media that are so annoying or acting like adults. What makes Finn so great that he is imaginative, playful as well as getting anger tantrums that is short and very understandable. Just like a real child. While Scarlett isn’t as developed as Finn she is still likeable and you can see her side of the story just fine. Backed up by great voice acting, the narrative alone is worth the price.Gameplay:Sadly, this is the weaker part of the game, Blackwood Crossing consist of the typical gameplay tropes of walking sims. First-person, point and click, dialogue choices and very slow walking. For the record, I have some mixed feeling about the walking sim sub-genre. I like Kona, Ethan Carter and Edith Finch but I despise, Dear Esther, the gameplay of Where is the rapture (not the story) and Gone Home is all right. But Blackwood have some puzzles while short and simple is rather well thought such as having to recreate a past conversation between two frozen characters which is unique. Dialogue choices exist but it is few and far between and often I feel it doesn’t have an impact to the story.Presentation:Blackwood looks beautiful with its Pixar-escae character designs and the gorgeous environment which it’s impressive, since it mostly set on a train. The music while not catchy, does add a ton to the atmosphere. The voice acting like I said before is amazing especially the actors for Finn and Scarlett which they sound authentic.So basically…I recommend this game and I hope the game sell well for the devs to create their next game to have this much quality and care into it just like Blackwood. For those who are hesitant but enjoyed other walking sims at least wait for a sale. For those who hate walking sims don’t buy, you’re going to hate the gameplay from the start."
76561198050294759,Recommended,453310,35510355,Posted: 5 October,all,Grandpa Gary,"On February 3, 2015, I lost my little brother to an automobile accident. For years I've held the scars and regret that followed as have my family. He was 17 years old. A football star for his high school, German Honors Society, Beta Club, wrestling, and letters from colleges all over the US wanting him to check them out. He had so much, and then he was just gone. 2 and a half years feels like an eternity as sometimes I struggle to remember his face or his voice. Only photos keeping his image alive. This game had me in tears nearly all the way through till the tears felt like acid in my eyes. It was heart wrenching for me. When we were on the island, I begged in my head for me to take that lighter away from the tent so Scarlette wouldn't have to go through this, though she had anyway. There was no fixing what had been done. And I don't know how the mom or dad died, but regardless, this is a 5 star game. I'm never playing it again, but it was beautifully done from the art, to voicing, to the heart tearing moments. Only real criticism was that the cursor had trouble allowing you to interact with things at times. Other than that, perfection."
