user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,453340,23864731,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mothoween,"I said I wouldn't buy the cat dating game even if it was on sale.I bought it.I said I wouldn't get too absorbed in the cat dating game.I played it for ten hours straight.I said I wouldn't get worked up over a dumb cat dating game.I have cried at the end of every single route.How dare this game be amazing and creative and emotional and fantastic, I wanted to make fun of the cat dating game."
76561198032601770,Recommended,453340,22825774,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kefala,I bought this game because I enjoyed watching PressHearttoContinue's LP of it.
,Not Recommended,453340,21928738,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dyma,"First, I want to note as a caveat, I have played only two of the game's six routes thus far (with the women, cause i'm gay). Note my time played - 3.5 hours, as of when I'm writing this. Unless some of the men's routes are much longer, which I seriously doubt, I can't imagine getting more than nine hours out of this. MAYBE if you really like rereading VNs. Even then, most VN's I've got through steam are quite a bit longer.(I've since finished all routes)I'm glad I played this game, but in good conscience I cannot recommend a game this short at this price.It is a VERY, VERY short game, and the price it's at as of my writing this review (17.99 USD) is just totally unreasonable.ETA:I've played all six routes now. Total play time 8.1 hours on record (I did kinda blitz through the mens' routes; like I said, I'm gay and biased towards the women). They were all very well written and engaging, with good art and interesting characters. I stand by everything else I've said in this review - including, unfortunately, my non-recommendation.I can see why it's priced high; it clearly has very high quality art and text and music (particularly considering that there are six versions of Avery's face). But from a consumer standpoint it's really hard to justify.So, on to the good.The art is excellent, and the writing is great. Mason's route actually had me in tears. Finley is absolutely adorable. The beginning, and some short parts near the end, got a bit repetitive, but overall I liked all the different routes, how you learn different things about the characters etc.I like the ability to choose the pronouns for Avery, your character, and also independently select your appearance (there's a more 'masculine' and a more 'feminine' face available, and you can choose between three skin tones as well). This is reflected pretty well in the gameplay as well, though there were a couple awkward moments in Finley's route where a side character's dialogue seemed to be making the assumption that Avery was male, and noone corrected him? (The pronouns still fit, it was a broader text issue. Maybe just me.)And some small complaints, other than the length of the game. These don't affect my (non)-recommendation.There's no text speed option that I saw, so you kind of have to click your way through each sentence of dialogue at a pretty rapid pace if you read pretty quickly. This can also lead to accidentally clicking past a certain portion of dialogue too early because you were trying to get all the sentences displayed, which leads to another quibble...Most other VN's I've read/played, you can scroll back at least a bit to see something you might've just missed. Hustle Cat, for some reason, does not. There IS a log, so if you just missed something you can open that and see the recent text, but it's odd that you can't just scroll back a little bit. I assume this is in Ren'Py, which I KNOW can do that.Also, this isn't something I'm actually concerned with at all, but I know some people prefer much more interactive VN's. This isn't; in all of the routes, the first third of the game is making some basic decisions about who you get close to, which determines which route you're on; the middle third is non-interactive; and the last third may have one player choice which either immediately leads to a bad end or continues the story to the end. Again, I don't mind this at all, personally; just putting it out there for people who would."
,Recommended,453340,23403996,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,"y'know, like, nya",Pros:+ LGBT+ friendly+ Pronoun selection+ 10 to 20 hours of gameplay total+ Beautiful Artwork+ Meaningful decisions+ Good story+ Amazing soundtrack+ Multiple endingsCons:- Several typos (I only found 2)- Can be a bit cheesy at timesOpinions:~ Characters are very cute~ Hilarious dialogue~ In-game architecture is astounding~ Small but loving fanbase~ Some of the characters are a bit stereotypical~ (But I love them anyway)~ Replaying the game for each route is somewhat tiresomeDefinitely worth the price!
,Recommended,453340,32822594,Posted: 26 June,all,rubynxt,"I was eyeing this title for a while and finally decided to get it during the Summer Sale. Zero regrets. It was a pleasant way to spend a day. It took me about 10 hours to reach 100% completion (consider that I used the fast forward button a lot during replays). Despite completing the game, I enjoyed it enough that I would consider replaying it later. It's definitely a decent addition to your library, especially on discount. I have paid more for far worse.As a plus point, you can pick from 6 player avatars of different skin tones, and also pick your own pronouns (he, she, they).  I don't know why more games don't do this. Best part is that you can switch the pronouns anytime during the game, so you can use whatever you're comfortable with to complement the character you end up dating ingame. It's a very nice detail.Do note the game will sometimes crash. Save often! Sometimes it crashes when saving too.Story:I was expecting it to be a lighthearted game where cats turn into people and all you do is flirt to get their attention while drowning in catnip and inneundo. The story turned out to be more complex as you find out more about the cat curse. However, your options to deal with the curse are limited. Your focus remains on interacting with the other characters to decide whose route to land on. Each character is well-written and I loved each of their personalities. They felt realistic, and I would I love to know them in real life. I wish there would be a sequel or extra side stories.Maybe put the characters in an AU?There are a total of 6 routes, including the secret Graves route (unlocked after you complete all the other routes). There are several common scenes with very slight variations. Fortunately, there is a fast forward button to speed through them if you want. There is only 1 ending per character, and 2 common bad endings. On average, it took me 1.5 to 2 hours per route.The story was original enough to get my attention. It has its cute moments and is peppered with humour. However, it could have used more depth. Only one route (Mason) explored the difficulties they face from the curse e.g.Mason pretends she's a regular cat so she can spend time at the corner store. Aside from that, how long has everyone been cats? Doesn't anyone realise, especially Landry whose parents live in the city? And it would have been cool to see all their apartments or wherever else they hang out as cats outside work.Ok, so maybe this isn't a priority since it's really all about Avery, but it would have made the story better.I thought everything would be explained in Graves's route (common for secret routes), but his ending was rather abrupt. I was disappointed that they didn't fully explain about his pastwith Nacht, and about how this whole situation happened. I think a DLC prequel or sidestory would help close the loop.Music/Sound:There is no voice-acting, which is fine because the dialogue and characters' expressions manage to capture the tone. The opening theme song doesn't appeal to me but the rest of the music is on point. They even throw in some sound effects during the story. I like Graves's background music to the point that I'm thinking of getting the music DLC."
,Recommended,453340,21916515,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sharubii,my gay little heart can't take this
76561198158309410,Recommended,453340,28703978,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"""Hustle Cat"" is a true gem among visual novels, that are currently available on Steam. I absolutely adore this game. That being said, if you are interested in buying it, there are two things you need to consider. First of all, it's short. When you look at my playtime (add 1 or 2 hours for offline), you should know, that it took me that little to finish the WHOLE game (all six routes). Another thing is that decisions have very slight impact on the game, they are pretty much limited to choosing the character you will end up with. And while each route presents new scenes with your ""chosen one"", the overall storyline remains the same, no matter who will you pick. I write about it here, because even though, usually, I considered things like that a flaw, that didn't bother me at all with this game.Great things:Plot.It's light-hearted for the most part, but besides humor and warm atmosphere, it has intrigue, danger, it has stakes, it has tension and mystery, so everything you could expect from a game like this. Plus, writing is great.Protagonist.Avery (name, for same reason, isn't changeable) is very relatable protagonist. They are adorably awkward at times, sweet, caring and smart. Also, I like how you can chose your pronounces (He/She/They). I think more visual novels should implement system like this, to give their players flexibility when it comes to romance options.Characters.They look different from each other and they behave in a different way. They are not cliche and each of them has an interesting story. I liked every single one pursuable character. Graves and Mason are definietely my favorite. If I would have to pick my least favorite, that would be Finley - I like her as a character, but her route felt waaaay over the top and I didn't enjoy her ending. Still, all routes are worth exploring.The feels.I'm not very sentimental person. I don't cry on ""Titanic"" and I don't really care about ""The Notebook"" and other tear-squezers, so when game is able to make me tear up a bit, that game does something right.Maaaagic!I love the fact, that this game doesn't take itself completely seriously and, with full awareness, often reminds players that ""magic is weird, huh!"". At the same time, I really appreciate those little details, that are thrown on various routes and explain more about how magic work in this game-world.CATS.Bad things:Skipping.Dear God. Scrolling? Seriously? It still takes way too long and you can skip over seen text, which is annoying. There is also a skip button. That skips everything so slowly, that you can literally step away from your computer and make yourself something to drink. Oh, but when you come back, you may also realize, it skipped over not-seen text. This is a basic function for visual novel these days, so it's almost baffling to see how bad it was implemented.Lack of options.Option menu has like four functions. No speed regulation, no skipping options, nothing of importance to someone, who doesn't want to regulate music.Technical difficulties.First of all, there are moments, when you need to click several times before the dialogue moves on (and I'm not talking about those moments, where dialogue is still added to the same box). Then, saving either goes smoothly and takes a second or the game will freeze for a good few minutes. At one of those time, I needed to Ctrl+F4 my way out of it and restart my laptop soon after, because game was still running at the background and slowed everything so much, that I was unable to close it even via Process Monitor. Then, if that wasn't enough, there are issues with achievements. I needed to go through one scene like four times before Steam registered that I actually did what I suppose to do.Character's ""customization"".It may seem unreasonable to complain about optional feature, but I feel like there is a reason to do it in that case. When you start the game, you can chose between two very similar avatars. Both are rather boy-ish looking, both have white hair and the same eye color. The only variations comes from skin colors. Picking between how my character looks did absolutely nothing to make the game more enjoyable or immersive. I would much rather have an option to change my character's name (it's very strange that this wasn't implemented), than having this slight, barely noticeable difference between protagonist's look. I'm bringing this up, because I feel like this had an impact on price. And that lead me to the next point.Price.When I truly enjoy something, I usually try to avoid judging price as ""too high"", but in this case, it would be hard to avoid and dishonest. I like this game a lot, but my playtime, technical difficulties, similarities between the routes and general lack of content (especially when I compare this game to other visual novels in the same price-range), makes it hard to justify selling ""Hustle Cat"" for 20€. I've picked it up for half the price and I recommend you to do the same, if you don't want to feel disappointed.Conclusion.""Hustle Cat"" is one of the bast ""dating"" visual novels currently available on Steam. It has options for all genders and sexual preferences, it has great story, solid writing and absolutely adorable characters, that will stay in my memories for long. I will probably replay this game at some point and, as someone with a huge backlog, that is not something I declare lightly. I really hope that developers will create something equally magical in the future (just with better engine)."
76561198040691833,Recommended,453340,32055775,Posted: 29 May,all,Retr0spectre,"This is an interactive novel I've really taken a shine to. Deeply cute and charming, with characters that bounce off each other really well in ways that get smiles and laughs out of me. Hell, even the protagonist is charming, and they CAN BE NONBINARY, a fact that impressed me right away. Lovely writing and art style too! Sadly guessing it won't get a sequel or other continuation, but I wish it would.It's no ground-breaking epic, but it's got heart and sap, it has some interesting ideas, the cute cats and the cute love interests are the same, all things that make me happy. 10/10, would walk in on cats spooning again."
,Recommended,453340,23151523,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Noel,"I purchased Hustle Cat on a whim after watching Dodger and Octopimp play some of Finley's route on PressHeartToContinue. I was skeptical at first (some mix of ""I don't want to spend money"" and ""Why do I want to play a game about cats, I'm allergic and don't know the first thing about them""), but BOY was that $20 well spent. Hustle Cat has to be my favorite commercially-released dating sim in recent memory. Heck, my favorite ever.The world of Hustle Cat (as well as how magic works in it) is really engrossing. The writing, art, and music are all wonderfully done and always fitting. The story was touching at times and laugh-at-loud funny at others. The main character Avery was an absolute delight (not gonna lie, I related to the trash witch bit), and each romance route was unique and interesting. I'm fairly certain this is the first time I truly enjoyed playing through *every* route in a dating sim.The game is a little on the short side, especially considering the price, but what it lacks in length it makes up for in everything else. Hustle Cat is a gem of a game, and I couldn't recommend it enough. If you’re looking for a dating sim or visual novel, especially one with a refreshingly interesting and diverse cast, this game is very likely right up your alley (even if you're not all that fond of cats)!"
,Recommended,453340,29779632,Posted: 8 February,all,Ceaseless Duality,"This romance visual novel definitely filled me with the butterflies. It's cute rather than lustful, so if you were looking for ecchi/fanservice or softcore erotica, you won't find it here.To be clear, you're not actually dating cats. They're humans who received a curse that turns them into cats.Pros:- Gender options- Pronoun options (including ""they""!)- Skin tone options- Two female romance options, four male romance options- Decent artwork- Interesting story, decent writing- Good humor- CATS!Cons:- Several typos, mostly punctuation errors- The game occasionally shuts down for no reason (but thankfully, autosave helps recover what's lost)- Finley's character is a little underdeveloped. Unlike the other characters, you don't really learn anything about her past. Her character is a little flat/one-dimensional.Personal romance preferences (ignore if you aren't a friend reading this): Graves > Hayes > Landry > Mason > Reese > FinleyI read a lot of romance visual novels, and I really enjoyed this one. Definitely recommend."
76561198039546326,Recommended,453340,22348429,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,kayu8855,"Played this in a span of two days and I have to say I loved it so much :'D, especially Graves' secret route.Pros:You can choose your mc's look and the gender pronouns you prefer to useAll the characters were interesting! (4 guys and 2 girls routes)The art was so cute <3The writing was definitely way better than most of the dating sims I've playedYou get to have magic powers!! I mean how cool is that xDCons:I loved this game so much that I wish it was longer!10/10 would recommend to my friends ^^"
,Recommended,453340,22259885,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Inspector Cluedo,10/10 would romance goth dad again.
76561198244750372,Recommended,453340,23713305,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,eriotouwa,Okay I'm going to list the pros and cons of this game:Pros:1. Cats!! So many cute cats!!!2. Art. The art in this game is so pretty and I love the pastels.3. Music. The music in the game is so fun and cute just like everything else!!4. Characters. The characters are very cute and surprisingly have quite a bit of depth to them despite this game being on the shorter side.5. HAYES. HAYES IS MY SWEET PRECIOUS BABY AND I WILL DO ANYTHING TO PROTECT HIM AT ALL COSTSCons:1. I really didn't want this game to end. So I kind of wish it was longer.2. It is really addictive and the game makes you want to finish all routes in one dayThat's it for cons. Honestly this game was so enjoyable and I loved every minute of it. I haven't finished all the routes yet but I recommend completing the Hayes route first. Because he is sweet and perfect in every way and yeah dude just buy this game you won't regret it.
,Recommended,453340,25799229,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,𝕋ch.,"It's cute and quirky and I had fun. Also Graves, well, he's great!That being said, it's very short and kept crashing to desktop (lucky it would make a handy autosave beforehand) and the story is a little lacking and is pretty much the same story up until you get on your chosen character route...I don't know if it's worth the £14.99 that I paid though... Kind of feels like there should be more to it for that price, also the crashing issue got frustrating after a while. I notice it's had some updates to fix corrupt saves, luckily I didn't have that issue so I suppose that's one thing going for it besides it's cuteness?Oh and the steam overlay won't work with this game so if you like taking screenshots, like I do, then it's a bit of a nuisance!I've realised this has turned a little negative, personally I don't think the ctd and non-overlay functions should put you off that much, it's still playable at least and kept me occupied for a few hours, and I have to admit that I did like all the characters which is unsual for me in VNs.Eh, buy it if it goes on sale and you'll have some laughs! I can't bring myself to give this game a thumbs down because to be fair it's not the worst VN I've played, but it's also not super duper amazing!"
,Recommended,453340,22703275,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Octobig,"This is one of the cutest visual novel dating games I've played so far! Its overall vibe is very sweet.InHustle Cat, you play as 19-year-old high school graduate Avery Grey, currently crashing at their aunt's while looking for a job to help pay the bills. After scouring the internet for job openings and cat videos, Avery comes across a cute cat café in the neighbourhood, and they're hiring! That immediately ricochets Avery into the world of coffee, cats, latte art, ridiculously cute co-workers, and their mysterious new goth boss. But some of the cats Avery encounters near the café look an awful lot like their new friends...The Good+ You get to pick pronouns, skin tones & body type looks for Avery+ The cute pastel meme/internet aesthetic+ You can initially romance 4 guys & 2 gals+ Everybody has various, distinct & interesting personalities+ Avery is no passive pushover protagonist+ The overall story is quite interestingThe Bad- The romance-specific endings are a bit short- The game is alittlebuggy; sometimes it crashes randomly or the skip button doesn't work- Some of the proportions on the CG art are a little off- Not all the story elements surrounding the supernatural angle are well-explainedI had such a good time playing this, mainly because its tone is so friendly and cute! The witchy/supernatural story elements were a nice addition as well, and it was great to see how magic affected all the co-workers differently. All characters have a deeper issue that they're trying to deal with during the game, which gets fully developed during their romance route. I also very much enjoyed Avery's character! Realistic, relatable, and not just another blank slate.After playing through everybody's romance, you unlock the ""secret"" romance with Graves, your mysterious boss. This one is probably one of the best and also explains more about magic and witchery. Only downside for me was that it could have been longer, especially the romance-specific endings, also when taking the game's price into account.Overall, an extremely nice addition to the romance-themed visual novels here on Steam! I will definitely revisit some of its lovely characters again :D"
76561198017600004,Recommended,453340,23230422,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Gramredhel,"As a man there I times I question why I like girly things, this is most defiantely one of them. This wonderful game was brought to my attention by a certain youtuber and honestly, I couldn't wait for them to make the videos on it I just had to see part of the story that much sooner.The good: This game is quirky, a good sense of that is given as soon as you hit what is esentially the create character screen, you can be a he/ she/ it (none of these really effect your ingame appearance or ablity to romance any of the characters.) Each chacter feels interesting, including those you wouldn't think you'd be interested in, to the point, I who rarely reacts to the emotions of characters in game nearly shed a tear over the emotional scenes displayed. I loved all the characters, really, from Mason who gives off the feeling of being a biker gang member while still managing to be.... a female chef who seems to care in her own odd way to Graves, the odd goth, LARPing boss.The bad: The timeline was obvious, you had set events with each character which were obviously switched out just to meet whoever your interest happened to be in that run. While these scenes were displayed reasonably differently to the point it felt like it was distinctly that character's.And really my only other regret is there wasn't more written.... Really, I played nearly every option except the option to stick around during a certain scene near the end but theres about five hours of story give or take to be had skipping over repeated scenes but all of it was just so filled with such a wonderful story I feel a bit lost without having anything more to see (including the secret path)."
76561198248242264,Recommended,453340,34848372,Posted: 9 September,all,BerryTea,"As someone who loves cats, coffee and otome games, this was reccomended to me by a friend and I'm very glad I picked it up. Quirky, cuddly and witty, Hustle Cat is really worth the time for any otome fan and a great starting point for those curious about them. It's not perfect but it's a charming game for sure.The game is a joy to look at with a cartoonish art style and colourful palette. The soundtrack contains some catchy music - my personal highlight is the opening song, which I had in my head for several days. The characters are all likeable and there's a route for everyone here.  In all it took me about 10 to 11 hours to complete the game 100% and it was well worth the price I paid.Highlights:- Avery is a great protagonist. They have some very witty writing behind them and they ended up being my favourite character.- The inclusion of allowing players to choose how Avery looks and their pronouns was such a welcome addition.- The story is short but intriguing, Each route offers something a little different and there's a bigger mystery to solve throughout them all.- This game can be hilarious. There's some very funny writing here which had me laughing a lot.- Good selection of romance routes that contain some nice character development and relatable moments.- I'll mention it again but the art style is so good! The cats look adorable, the characters are all unique in design and the backgrounds  help to cleary set each scene.Improvements:The only thing I felt was that a few of the routes could of been a little longer. Some seemed to end rather abruptly after a point. Either a slightly longer epilogue for each route or a little more time before it gets to the climatic point would of helped flesh out the romances just that tad it needed.Overall Hustle Cat is the type of game which is great to just chill out and take your time with. Its short length won't demand too much of your time and if you're looking for your romance fix without the 30+ hour investment of some bigger titles, you really should look no further. Its an enjoyable read with very cute cats and characters. Avery will continue to be one of my favourite protagonists in a visual novel for quite some time (I love their dry humour) and the setting is one I wish to re-visit on more replays.It's not without fault, but if you're looking for something sweet, filled with cats and a little magic, seriously give this a go."
76561198242337366,Recommended,453340,22484051,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SamO,"In Hustle Cat, you get hired as a worker at a cat cafe. Turns out that all the workers there have been cursed to turn into cats the minute they leave the cafe's premises. Not wanting to face the same fate, you start investigating the curse.Pros:-Great storylines and interesting magical abilities for each of the characters-You can choose the gender of the main character-The artwork is pretty cuteCons:-Was a little repetitive at timesRomanceable Characters:-Landry: As the resident carpenter, Landry makes most of the resting places for the cats in the cafe. He's calm with a level head...most of the time.-Hayes: The cafe's barista. Hayes is extremely shy and a little awkward.-Mason: One of the female romance options. Mason is the cafe's chef and extremely taciturn.-Reese: Second in charge (self-appointed) at the cafe, Reese was one of the most annoying characters.-Finely: The other female romance option. Finely draws the crowds to the cafe with her videos. She's very bubbly.-Graves: The cafe owner who is a little odd. I loved Graves. He was hands down my favorite.If you're looking for a cute otome game, I would recommend this one."
,Recommended,453340,22802584,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kazeninaru,"While this game isn't super long, I enjoyed every single route (enough that I've been re-playing them..) and I recommend this to any otome lovers!Likes:- Gender Neutral option during gameplay- All routes are different but just as adorable- The art style was great and I love that there is a gallery for the gameDislikes:- You don't see Avery as a cat (Boo)- You can't pursue Graves until you've completed all other routes- You can't purse Nacht at all (though I do understand why)"
,Recommended,453340,22001863,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,mattysones,"Basicallly, there are cats. And a cute main character. And you pick a person to smooch. And the person you smooch is a cat that used to be a person. Don't worry, you only smooch the person.Oh and the cats are witches with cool powers. You are a trash wizard. Literally. It's really cool.This game is not graphically sexual, but the smooches are pretty cute. It's very story-driven and that's all I need from this, personally. Althought the smooching is a bonus.I think I got my $20 worth, to be honest. If you want to wait for a better sale, I don't blame you. But if you like like cute things and cats and well-written characters, this game is worth it."
,Recommended,453340,33269497,Posted: 5 July,all,BonifiedSkelePuns,"Has ♥♥♥♥♥ cats, cute girls, cute dudes and the choice to be gay. What more is there to say?"
,Recommended,453340,21893184,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MOFUREEEEEEE,"Disclosure: A couple of the development staff are friends of a friend of mine and she has been hounding me to check out Hustle Cat for literal months, even though she knows I'm not terribly fond of dating sims. In the time between her telling me about the game and me actually buying it, the evolution of my reaction to Hustle Cat kind of went like this: skeptical → willing to humor a good friend → confused by how intrigued I actually got → pleasantly surprised → oh no I'm crying → MY LIFE HAS BEEN RUINEDThe one negative of this game I encountered was that there are still some bugs that need to be ironed out; the Steam overlay doesn't work and the game crashed on me three times. However, the game autosaves at basically every decision menu and scene change, so crashes don't set the player back too much.If you enjoy cats, likeable characters, an interesting plot, great dialogue, cats, lovely art, great UX design, the ability to play a nonbinary protagonist, and cats, this is the game for you.11/10 would battle rust with trash again"
,Recommended,453340,22664791,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Vash,"This game met all of my standards. It is the game I would write if I wrote games. I exclaimed audibly ""Oh No"" and ""Oh YES"" repeatedly. Sometimes, together, in rapid succession. Every route was equally satisfying.10/10.If you love cats and you love cute people you will likely enjoy this experience.To those curious to whether the gender neutral option is a useful feature:The results are in! Good news! It is. Thank you for putting that there.Criticisms include a few bugs need working out regarding achievements, the gallery and it crashes more frequently than optimal. This will not hinder your experience of the game itself, assuming you safe frequently.Also,I am a goth now."
,Recommended,453340,21943914,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,traceace,"The game is exactly what one would expect from a visual novel. I bought it on a whim on a bad night and don't entirely regret it. Overall it's a recommendation for me but I do have a few things I want to say about it. Just gonna do a quick list:Pros- Pretty dang cute art- Being able to choose your gender and romance whoever- Interesting story (so far, I haven't seen all the paths)- A pretty diverse cast of characters with interesting personalities- INCLUDING the main character! So many of these have blank slate main characters. Avery is not that at all.- Decent script overall, much better than I expected honestly (it's easy to cash in on the 'weird versions of sim dating' craze, what can I say xD)Cons- This is the most finicky skip button I have ever seen in one of these games that have a skip button! I wouldn't complain so much about this, but this game REQUIRES you to play all the routes to get the full story. Sometimes it worked fine, othertimes I would have to X out and then in for it to work.- Shorter run time may be a turn off at the price (my play time mostly stems from me having it on in the background and coming back to it every once in a while, someone said eight hours elsewhere and that sounds about right. I have no issue with it, but people should be aware.)- This one is my biggest gripe: The stories really do feel imcomplete until you realize that you need to see everyone's to get a fuller picture (or at least pick the ones who actively cares more about the magic portion of the plot - Mason, my first pick, did not.) This is the first time I've ever really felt forced to romance people I had no interest in whatsoever to get any idea of the plot, because I prefer to romance female characters and this game appears to be specifically attempting to cater to the LGBTQ audience who want to follow their own preferences.- You only have like a page of save files (I think six or eight all together?). This again is the least I have ever seen being offered, which is a bummer."
,Not Recommended,453340,25711005,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,no name,"The art is really cute and the game is overall charming and fun, BUT.It's not worth the money.The writing is simple and nondescriptive, the dating component is lackluster at best and the plot is the same no matter what route you pick. The outcome of your choices always leads you to the exact same scene and it resolves nearly identical every time. After a couple of routes done it's all rinse and repeat.Every route can also be completed well within an hour and there are no failstates or bad endings once you stick to one of characters as your dating partner.The endings themselves also leave you wanting much more than you get (which is a picture and ten lines of text)So yeah. If you have an opportunity to pick this game up for half the price, go for it.If you're dying for a good dating sim, there're surely others that are better for the same price."
76561198122547420,Recommended,453340,24463364,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Forever,"Just finished all of the routes and choosing a favorite out of all the characters would feel like choosing your favorite child. Or pet. All of them completely stole my heart.People who primarily value a strong plot might be bothered by the kinda repetitive storyline, but for someone like me who's a sucker for cute and witty dialogue, memorable characters and cats (duh) this game is a gem."
76561198138967991,Recommended,453340,28379727,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,satie-san,"This is such a good game ! One of the best VNs I have played, and one that stands out thanks to its charming yet very natural writing. All six routes are interesting (I found myself very pleasantly surprised by the one I was expecting to enjoy the least, which is always a good sign) and make you experience different paces and ways of developing the characters, all of whom are eventually successfully full-fledged and far removed from stereotypical portrayings.I appreciated the art, the music, the whole - very immersive - atmosphere and the cuteness that emanate fromHustle Cat, and yet what arguably made the biggest impression on me is the protagonist, Avery, a hilarious and super relatable playable character with a heart of gold and a predilection for making cat sculptures out of trash (isn't that awesome ?).Big plus for pronouns choice and appearance customization, and of course LGBT+ romance options. Definitely recommended for all VNs/dating sims lovers, and for people who enjoy a well-written, thoroughly enjoyable narrative experience."
76561198059957100,Recommended,453340,26637502,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Amnesiacube,Went into this game to date some cute cat peeps and left feeling a lil rusty. Nice to see I can still get a bad ending first try in a dating sim.
,Recommended,453340,26002380,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Horse Discourse,"i don't want to oversell this game, but it is the best visual novel i've ever played in my whole entire life, and i've only played one route so far and i've played a lot of visual novels. it's so cute and unoffensive and Mason is my wife."
76561198181198806,Recommended,453340,22430027,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,waffles.tastegood,"Every route in Hustle Cat has a great story and romance to it. It is a great game, but it was a bit too short for the price."
76561198116738341,Recommended,453340,23740596,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Moostache,"This game was my introduction into the world of visual novels/dating sims and I have to say, I'm glad it was. I was sketchy about the price, but the story was adorable, each character was unique and not cliched, and the art is cute. Props for creating characters with varying hair lengths/skin color/pronouns. :) I would have liked a little more opportunity for variation to make replaying it a bit more interesting, but otherwise, great game. :)"
76561198000343933,Recommended,453340,23963813,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alexbot,"You know how sometimes you get a lot negative things going on at once and it starts to feel overwhelming? That's where I was at when I ran across Hustle Cat in my Steam queue. Playing through it turned out to be a pleasant relief because it's just a nice story with fantastic music and adorable art.Everyone has been commenting on great character design and variety, which I agree with. I'd actually like to point out that I really enjoyed the primary antagonist. I had a nice visceral reaction to all of his interactions, and I really enjoyed his overall design.The game did crash on me a few times, but I always had an autosave right where I'd left off so really I just had to relauch the game and keep going.tl;dr Fun short story, great antidote for a bad day."
,Recommended,453340,29017739,Posted: 4 January,all,Kat Tales,"Hustle Cat was my first visual novel and it changed my mind about the genre.How could I not like this game?! Cats, magic, coffee, and cute coworkers! It was destined to be a good fit for me. Not to mention, it’s amazing that you can choose pronouns and it doesn’t affect who you can romance. It’s also a great option for players that are looking for a cute VN instead of an 18+."
76561198211372003,Recommended,453340,26515855,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ToastyIrish,"I consider myself quite the conesuer of visual novels, and this one tugged at my heart strings something fierce. A wide variety of characters, each with their own stories and depth, and creative writing all came together to produce a final product worth picking up. If you want something that challenges the idea of judging a book by its cover, this game is for you. The visuals are also stunning, and expertly drawn. I'd highly recommend that new players avoid watching videos about to game, and instead experience each route for themselves, given that the writing is worth the surprise. Overall, Hustle Cat will hold a special place in my heart as the visual novel that both brought me to tears and made me smile like an idiot."
,Recommended,453340,26609979,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Starwyvern,"I really love this game.  The writing in it is super clever and cute (without being annoying or trying-too-hard-cute. Very natural), and the variety and representation in it pleases me and warms my heart."
,Recommended,453340,28025230,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tori-chan,"My goodness I really loved this game! Cats, pretty boys and girls, and magic! What could be better? I loved how custimizable this game was from pronouns to apearence! Avry's inner dialog was also funny and the writing was so charming. I love it!!!"
,Recommended,453340,26123216,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PlatNim,"Hustle Cat is one of the best dating sims I've ever played, and I have played quite a bit in my time. What makes this one stand out especially is the main character (The character you play as), Avery Grey. Although you can't choose a name for them, you can have the choice of being called he, her, or them. That type of thing is always a breath of fresh air for someone like myself who constantly goes between female or other. Another positive thing about Avery is that he/her/they are not and idiot! Most dating sims have characters who always seem to lack common sense or are pushovers, not Avery. There were very few times where you were left thinking that the main character was an oblivious dumbass.Next, the dating characters. There are no genderless dating options, but you can pick between either boys or girls. There is some speculations on at least one of them being trans, but that's not at all mentioned in the game, so don't get your hopes up. There is a wide variety of personalities and physical features, so no one looking for a hot computer date will feel left out. They are all also super cute.Overall, this game kept me guessing. The thing I thought going into this game instantly changed once the first playground was over (in a good way). I would highly recommend this game for any dating sim/otome lovers out there.Also, Reese is the best. <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,453340,25153502,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Nyx,"5/10 (or possibly 6/10)Firstly, I'd like to say that I wish I had waited to see if I could get this at a discounted price.While I do appreciate the work that went intoHustle Cat, its flaws make me regret paying £15. Perhaps I will feel differently after I complete all the routes but I am not so sure. This is due to two issues: there is a great amount of overlap during the first half of the game and during the second half your ability to make choices dramatically decreases. I think that on Finley's I only had one chance to engage with the story once I had her attention. I think that some voice acting would have inclined me towards more of an acceptance of the asking price.The plot is definitely fun. Again, I won't know all of it until I do the final unlockable path. However, I think it's fair to assume that it will not be built on much further. This is disappointing as while there is a fair story duration for your first jaunt, much of it will be taken up by that repeated text I mentioned. The skip function isn't as fast as I would have hoped for and there's not an option to only skip what you've already read. I'd love to see a second title involving the same background, only with a less lengthy ""introduction"" phase.A part ofHustle CatI really despise is the music. It's repetitive and, for me, highly distracting. I can't read with it on. Without the BGM, the game is mostly quiet. It would have been nice to enjoy ambient noises and perhaps increased sound effects.I found the art to be both amusing and cute. Special full-screen moments diverging from the usual backgrounds were a treat.Being able to chose your preferred pronouns is refreshing. You have the choice of three feminine avatars with varying skin tones and three masculine ones. They're still fairly androgynous. Your customisation may be quite limited aesthetically but it is still a welcome touch.It's possible that I might have more to add later, I'm not sure. Ididenjoy the game but I'm not sure I'm particularly drawn to replay it any time soon, having attempted to do so after completing my first route.Either way, I laughed and I smiled. That's got to count for something.[Conclusion:] A great deal of potential which may not have been completely realised and perhaps a little overpriced in comparison to other titles of the same quality here on Steam. If you're a visual novel or dating sim addict like myself you will probably enjoy the experience. I imagine you'll enjoy it best if you catch it on discount/in a bundle, or you receive it as a gift."
,Recommended,453340,22692763,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Senpai,"Spoiler warning!Hustle cat is a very simple visual novel. It's not long by any means, and that's my single problem with it. It's charming, it kept me entertained, and it made me squeal like a little girl in all but 2 routes. I liked all the routes in their own way, with the exception of one. Because I didn't like Mason, I loved Mason. Mason is literally the perfect being. In the past, I've felt like I wished certain characters were real, but I never thought about it much more. Mason's existence has activley made me hate the fact that I can't just pull characters out of a game and love them forever.The music is fantastic, the art is adorable in it's own way. The story is decent, nothing fabulous, but it's simple and beleivable, and for a game of this size, it works out better that way.Music: 9/10Art:9/10Dialogue:9/10Story: 7/10Romance: 18/10 (+10 for Mason being actual perfection)Routes-Landry - 7/10, Adorable in a lot of ways, super cute, but Was overall a pretty boring character. Nothing special. Super Vanilla.Reese - 8/10 I don't like him nearly as much as I like Landry, but he's just such a cute nerd I had to give him an extra +2Hayes - 8/10 oh my god those ♥♥♥♥ing rose petals He's so nerdy I want to hug him foreverFinley - 10/10 Adorable as a girl, adorable as a cat, adorable as a lover. Kind of felt gimicky, but was done very well.Mason - 20/10 Best girl forever I want her to make a ♥♥♥♥♥ out of me, FFS Somebody kiss me like that I'll die happy________Spoilertime_________Graves - 6/10. Although this was definitley the best route for story, as far as romance goes, it Felt WAY TOO FORCED. I liked graves enough, but once I found out about a final route, I didn't have to be told it would be him. Called it. This works as the best story based route, and ties up quite a few loose ends. IT's blatantley obvious that this is the ""Main, True Route"". Maybe I'm just salty because Mason is best girl forever. Who knows.18/10 would love Mason again"
,Recommended,453340,27143377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,causantin,"I feel like people don't give this game enough credit. Maybe I am too biased since I absolutely adore the characters, the music and the story. I only wish the game was longer and had even more content."
,Recommended,453340,31092288,Posted: 12 April,all,blessedcondom,This game is so cute and sweet and I just love it so much all the characters are great. The story is A+. Overall 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,453340,33396728,Posted: 9 July,all,misslauve,"Cats - CheckRomance - CheckInteresting Characters - CheckBuy it, it's worth it."
,Recommended,453340,29455860,Posted: 23 January,all,DestroyerOfWorlds™,"This game is absolutely adorable, I just finished all the routes and I can say with the utmost certainty; that I will likely play it all over again!"
76561198018910266,Recommended,453340,26331206,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Oh my gosh, this game is too cute^^"
,Recommended,453340,23635785,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,XpxdxrXoxex,"why am i so gayThis game was a little pricey but overall it was a pretty good game! The repetition in completing each characters route kinda got to me, but I made my own grave for that one.  Only real complaint is that the ""end phase"" of the story feels very rushed in almost every routeOne minute you're chillin with a cat and BAM! your goth dad gets his♥♥♥♥♥kickedAlso, getting the last story path can be kind of difficult because the game occasionally refuses to recognize that you completed a route"
76561198092243222,Recommended,453340,23970074,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SouthernVices,"Oh my heart <3... I just finished the game. I was intially watching Dodger and Octopimp's Let's Play, but they haven't put out any new routes lately and when I saw it was discounted (not by much, but it was my excuse! :p) I went ahead and bought it. Honestly, I enjoyed almost every aspect of this game. The characters didn't feel flat, and I liked that each run provided little nuggets of the world or sometimes one of the other charcters you weren't romancing. All in all, the only thing that fatigued me with this game was skipping dialogue I'd already read on subsequent routes, but thankfully this game doesn't have a tediously long prelude to the story action like some other dating sims I've played. **cough**Dandelion**cough**"
,Recommended,453340,33710458,Posted: 21 July,all,Masokitty,"Not much of a reviewer really, just wanted to say that I've played many, many VNs, and this has ended up being one of my all time favorites. The charm and humor is off the charts, and the writing and art work so well together. I'm glad I finally was able to buy it and play it. The only thing possibly wrong I could say is some glitches here and there, nothing major.And also no harem route(partly kidding about that one). I would recommend this wholeheartedly!PSGravery 4 life"
76561198119689322,Recommended,453340,24421784,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jaquli,"This game was amazing. It had so many things I love all rolled into one. Cats, magic/witches, cafes, customization of your character, interesting story/characters, getting to DATE those interesting characters, getting to see the whole cast grow through their routes. It was like a dream for me, I really wish it was a little longer or that we could get another game from Date Night. I was even playing another dating sim around the same time, Ozmafia, and I liked this one wayyyyyy more honestly. I'd reccommend this to anyone who enjoys dating sims and VNs, especially so if you like sweet romances and magic. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,453340,21881027,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Traveller,"If you're wondering how explicit this game is: It's not. None of the routes go past kissing, on- or off-screen.  Seen a few people ask that on the forums so I wanted to clear that up.Also, after the first half of the game, there's not a lot of choices.  Not sure how normal that is for the genre, but once you're on a route to date one of the six characters, it's linear.  I was surprised at how not-disappointed I was though, it's pretty damn well-written and cute."
,Recommended,453340,23078976,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,GildedMischief,"So what definitely drew me in is the fact that you can set your pronouns as either he/him, she/her, or they/them. I've never seen a game actually do that yet and it makes me so so happy that this one has. The fact that I can actually have my pronouns (they/them) in a game is just-- well, amazing! I feel so validated and relieved and I'm rambling now... But yes, get this game. Do it. It's cute and funny, and dare I say ~magical~. I 100% recommend this game if you are a fan of cute vn's and/or non-binary like myself. Seriously the fact that I took the time to perfect this game (not that it was difficult, but I don't ever go out of my way to get all of the achievements) should be telling enough that this is worth playing."
76561198081623895,Recommended,453340,31790371,Posted: 16 May,all,Alienbat,"A tad to cute with the conflict not being involved enough. Sometimes I laughed at how stupid some things were, but I would date them all again! 2 hours per love interest is ok but as I said the drama wasn't there and they just want you to go ""awwh"" whenever your  partner does something... think as they are all stray kittens with ball of yarn and you get the idea. I really loved it, but some of these things I mentioned take it down from a solid 10 to an 8/10. It's a game for 13 year olds who thinks love is all about being cute, and not for adults who like a bit of baggage.A big plus was the option to change gender and pronouns (he, she, they)!"
76561198078668910,Recommended,453340,25941148,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ErmerJern,"Cats and cute people, right up my alley. My favorite characters were Hayes and Graves (~˘▾˘)~. would reccomend if you want a cute and sweet visual novel ^-^"
,Recommended,453340,31159947,Posted: 15 April,all,cosmic✩explorer~,This was the first visual novel I purchased that wasn't free and i'm glad it was this.It's a great novel imo the characters are fun and the story is good too.The customization options for the character make it even better since I didnt have to stick to any pre-set looks lol.Overall im glad i purchased it ^^
,Recommended,453340,26338986,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Caelum,"good♥♥♥♥♥♥ cute characters, cute cats. would play again"
,Recommended,453340,22604147,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MsMeow,"I don't like to play dating sims, because they're usually way too hetero for me to enjoy. This game is beautiful though. You can play any gender you want to, date anyone you want to date, you can even be black or white or inbetween. People always love to say that this would never work in games with stories, but Hustle Cat proves all of those idiots deliciously wrong. There are some moments in this game that had me giggling with joy, but also quite a few tear jerkers. All of the routes were interesting to play, because you learn more and more about the cursed cafe and about each of the people who work there.It's so adorable, and I need a sequel, stat!10/10 would seduce my boss again (sorry, Reese, he's mine.)"
,Recommended,453340,25758111,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[Fabulous] *Marnellus*,"Amazingly cute visual novel type game with a great visual aesthetic and a diverse cast of characters that carries the entire game. It does have some smaller shortcomings though.The positive:Great World Building ! The premise of the game seems incredibly silly, but as the game progresses the story takes a lot of unexpected turns that reveal the world this game is set in to be very much more fleshed out and even darker than you might expect from a game like this.Every character route is worthwhile. Every character has an interesting backstory and you'll learn different things about the overarching story and individual character relations with each route.Production values are top, great art and music.Seriously, the cats and each and every single one of the characters are really adorable.The negative:(very subjective) Music is great except for the main theme, which is completly garbage. Good thing they only used it for the main menu, and the short intro of the game, and the main trailer which they rely on to promote the game...The Choices are purely for determining with what character you end up with, and they are pretty vague. I would recommend looking up guides for what dialogue if you want to date a certain character.Lots of clicking through dialogue you've already seen, since they first half of a route is always to determine what character you date, and its for the most part the same.Individual Character routes are fairly short, I'd say 17 hours for all of them if you take your time.All in all, i'd give this easily an 8.5+ and a full recommendation. If you havent played VNs before, perhaps wait for a sale, though I've not once playing this game regretted having payed  20€ for it."
76561198025079799,Not Recommended,453340,25027945,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,dodostad,"A simple and cute game that suffers from a huge route overlap. You'll be skipping a lot of the same text over and over in order to get a few new lines from a route you're choosing.I finished all the routes and while I liked the characters, I don't think any of them were fleshed out enough. The game could have used interactive choices with the characters after entering their routes.Art is mostly very nice, but some sprites and CGs seem unpolished. Soundtrack is also very nice, even if the opening theme is a bit too syrupy for me.Buy the game if you enjoy a simple, unproblematic romance story with a hint of magic. Personally, I wouldn't buy this again at the full price."
76561198321303194,Recommended,453340,25218543,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Yoo,"This a really cute and nice game, all the characters are really interesting and it has some of my favorite things (Cats, magic, romance and sweets). I love that you can chose to have he, she or they prounouns and can chose between a 'male' and 'female' build with three skin tone options. So far I've enjoyed all the routes (although some parts a bit repetitive, but hey) I actually got really emotinal in Reese's and Mason's routes and even teared upok, I might of cried a little. The cgs are really cute too! I love the take they have on magic aswell. All in all it's a really good game!"
76561198003381569,Recommended,453340,23943919,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,valefor_sdad,"An  unexpected and interesting  story wrapped up in a multi-person selectable romance visual novel.Great music, fantastic art.CATS.Happy Ending possible.HIghly Recommend.Play as a girl or a guy, and romance either as you desire, not even your cat will judge you."
,Recommended,453340,21966163,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,taako's key lime gogurt,i have never hated rust more than i have today.
76561198067225041,Recommended,453340,33130092,Posted: 2 July,all,LittleWesties9,"It's tough to say whether or not I recommend it... If it's on sale (which is why I got it btw.) then go right ahead, it's a good little game. I just find that it lacks in the choices department and that after a certain point said choices don't matter anymore/ you aren't given anymore, well except for one... But if you're cool with that, then you'd probably like it... maybe.But I have played a few other games, i.e., Nameless, Dandelion, C14, Backstage Pass (<-- which was awesome btw.), etc. That I enjoyed more than this, which I find a little unfortunate because I've been eyeing this game for a while, and plus the fact that it's a little short for my tastes. However, I did find the characters cute though, the artwork is charming, and I did enjoy how each route added to the story/ gave a little unique twist on it, which I found nice.Out of 10?Hmmm... Probably a 7.5/10(Get the Reference? 7.5/10? No?...) <-- If you play you'll understand :P"
,Recommended,453340,25224365,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,chember,currently using my cat to absorb my tears as i cry over the fact that graves isn't real
76561198129256080,Recommended,453340,33131076,Posted: 2 July,all,LadyTeacup,"I absolutely adore this game. It's hands down one of my favourite visual novels (and I've played a lot of them). It's got cute artwork, a great story (with good humour) and even better characters.It really is a joy to play."
76561198070292926,Recommended,453340,25184936,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CassielMoon,"Just play it.If you like to have a good more realistic and natural interaction between the characters and their development just play this game. Is adorable, all the characters are memorable and their stories are all engaging and fun. And don't stop on one only. Get the 100%. It's totally worth it.Congratulations to the developers."
76561198062434812,Recommended,453340,22277044,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,sid2tiger6,"A cute and fun game, I really like the art style and charcters. Preety much my favorite dating-sim type game, even though its a little short, its worth playing. Also its cool that you can pick your pronouns."
76561198098246310,Recommended,453340,28253017,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,MillenniumKitten,"I followed this game on Kickstarter and I honestly wish that I would have backed it because I found it to be really plesant and quite funny. The problem I had with the game is that it was short! For $20 I finished this game in 9 hours and all I have left to do is 2 achievements that I don't really care to do. It's a fun game and it has gorgeous artwork I just don't think that it's worth $20.I would have loved to see more, as would everyone else! I don't need more CG's (although the art is lovely and would be nice) what I want is more story! I want to read more into the endings and have more than just ""Well we kissed and that's that"" for the end. I feel like some plots weren't really explained well or could have easily been played out more! even if it was just another thirty minutes of dialogue I would have eaten it up!This is a story about a part-timer named Avery who has taken a job at he new local cat cafe called the Cat's Paw. She/he/they quickly discover that the cafe isn't all that it seems. Everyone who works there cannot leave the premises without turning into a cat!Some things that work: The gorgeous animation, actual relationships with however you identify in the game, different colored main character, some hilarious dialogue, cheeky references, and a relatable main character if you happen to like pizza, don't clean up a lot, and make smarmy comments.Also cats, lots and lots of adorable cats.I would get it on sale! I enjoyed the game and played every route but I just don't feel like I got my $20 worth. So get it on sale! It is a gorgeous and funny game so it does deserve your time!"
76561198280161027,Recommended,453340,27704686,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sparkling lemonade,All i've ever wanted was the freedom to choose myself and to date cats and I got them both. Supercute
,Recommended,453340,21925302,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mon Eek,"a very cute and well-written visual romance novel. I feel like there could have been more choices to make and a little more romance but really enjoyed it nontheless. The art is lovely and the characters are well-written. Once you pick your route in a lot of visual novels, the other characters tend to drop off and become irrelevant, but this was not so in Hustle Cat. Which was pretty refreshing! I enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,453340,21967598,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,LydariaGrey,"I'm absolutely loving this game so far! I do not regret spending $18 on this game at all. As of this review, I've went down both Finley and Mason's routes. Both stories were great, but so far Mason's story has been my favorite. One other thing I'd like to note: the music is superb. Especially the scenes with Graves.Edit: I've played through all of the routes now. Took me around 18 hours. I rarely used the fast forward option. Graves route is by far the most enjoyable one and well worth playing through the other routes to unlock. I actually found all of the routes to be interesting and enjoyable. Well worth it if you like the Virtual Novel/Otome genres."
76561198252968387,Recommended,453340,21971331,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,leaves&dreams,"This was so sweet, and definitely one of my favourite otome games yet! You can tell it was made with a lot of love. All of the routes were great but I especially adored Hayes and Mason.Cats, coffee and magic. <3 I wouldn't change a thing.I also loved that you can choose the MCs pronouns, skin colour and between a feminine or masculine appearance."
76561198273627417,Recommended,453340,24379100,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kat,"As far as dating sims go, I think this has been my favorite.The plot is interesting, and more complex than I thought it would be. The art and character designs were also pretty good.All of the characters have distinct and charming personalities. I finished about half of the routes, and so far have enjoyed them all, even the ones I didn't think I would like.And the game is one of the first dating sims I've seen that allows you to date characters of either gender, and allows you to use they/them pronouns, which I thought was pretty neat."
,Recommended,453340,24194698,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,blyndshot,"I loved this game; the writing was stellar, the characters are fantastic, and it felt a lot different than a lot of other visual novels to me. As you go through each route, you learn more and more about the story, from different perspectives. A really great bonus (in my opinion, at least) is the ability to choose your character's appearance (between six different portraits) AND pronouns (she/her, he/him, they/them). It was a really pleasant surprise, honestly!(not plot spoilers, but super duper minor spoilers, sort of)Once you beat the main five routes, there's a secret route that I would recommend entirely!There's a route guide if you're not a fan of exploring around, and it's pretty spoiler-free. It was released by one of the co-writers of the game!The only thing that is tedious about this game is that there's a lot of repetitive text in the game, but there is a skip-button if you don't want to reread it when you go through all of the other routes. Once you're past a certain point in each route, pretty much everything from there on out is different, though."
,Recommended,453340,22601740,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Taxicrab,"I really love this game. Its super cute, all the routes give something unexpected, in a nice way of course. The story is intriguing and you slowly get more and more of it, and once you get the jist of it you get to the final route that puts everything into context! I really love this game and super recommend <3"
,Recommended,453340,22877393,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Pret,"Hustle Cat is a somewhat short, but extremely enjoyable experience for otome players new and seasoned alike. Personally, this was my first otome game, and I was incredibly pleased with my playthrough, so much so that I will definately be going through and replaying some routes again (Landry is bae). The artwork is inviting, the music exceptional, and the writing exquisite! Each route opens up some more information on the facets of the characters surrounding you, and you come to care about each in their own right. My personal favorites were Landry and Mason. The ability to have a say in the player's characters visuals and pronouns was exciting!Grave's route was exceptionally well written, I must add.Overall, I say give this game a buy rather than watch a playthrough. Kudos to the small team who made this adorable project available to us players. The only negitave is that sometimes it would crash, though only after autosaving so no progress was lost. Only happened at most 4 times throught my whole playthrough. Finally, I cant help but say that I think there are some  areas of the game that I've yet to get explanation for. If this changes I will update.P.S. I want to romance Nacht so bad. Also loved the EVA reference for one of the achievements"
76561198251835422,Recommended,453340,22670090,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jenjackson27,"I recommend this so much.I've only done Mason, Hayes, Reese, and Finley, but they all had me squealing and begging for more.The music is lovely, and the characters are quirky. I personally love Reese and Hayes, considering how nerdy they are. Reese was my go to guy because of his smol sass but the fact that he was secretly a nerd just... ugh! And the romance novel I just can't. Mason and Finley were adorbs too.Awesome game, so sweet it gave me diabetes."
76561198167082562,Recommended,453340,22684340,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Graves,"10/10 This game gave me what my parents nor close friends never could.It made me feel loved.This is the first VN that I bothered to buy after watching a video of it. This is such an amazing Visual Novel, a break from the usual stereotypical storylines of romantic VNs. I'm glad it's short and not dragged out like some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ drama.I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of this game. Especially, the secret Graves Route was pretty heart-warming and amazing."
,Recommended,453340,22689968,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Moonie,"I fell in love with this game as soon as I started playing, its so adorable! The main theme is a fantastic song, I had to buy the soundtrack so I can loop the full length version :PIf you like otome games, this one is fantastic, you can pick your pronouns, you can easily figure out how to play, there are adorable images for each romance. It will make you squee if this is your type of game!10/10 would Hustlecat again!!"
76561198126938612,Recommended,453340,23907797,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Made_In_Murica,Super cute art style and story so far! I liked the Warrior Cat reference >:)
,Recommended,453340,23961307,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rinny,Pro's- Great Music- Great story- Each character play through is diffent.- There is achivements for each ended so its great for the completionist out there.- It is good for teh exerpence visual novel gamers and newbies.The only con I can think of is they could of added voice acting to make it even greater of a game but thats just peronal refernce.
,Recommended,453340,31065996,Posted: 10 April,all,Embasan,This entire game was an absolute treasure to play.
,Recommended,453340,34031107,Posted: 4 August,all,saliere,"One of very few dating sims that kept me hooked through every route. Interesting story, fantastic love interests, and an adorably androgynous protagonist. I look forward to seeing what else this developer has in store."
76561198397508790,Recommended,453340,33772104,Posted: 24 July,all,Eli_inator,"This was a beautiful game. Beautifully animated, beautifully structured, beautifullly everything. I can't find another way to describe it. The characters were incredible. Every single one of them had to offer to the game and not one of them was left out or cast aside. All of the routes were adorable and sweet and made you feel wonderful at the end.Something I really enjoyed tremendously, was the customization of the player's character and the elimnation of gender roles and labels in the game. The game treats love as just love, without having to characterize in some way. The player has the option to chose their labels as they please, without judgement or negative acknowlegment from the game or the interactive characters. You're treated as person, not as a gender. And that's something I really genuinely appreciate.The only issues I had were some giltches and the fact that some of my game play wasn't saved. When I first completed all the routes, everything seemed fine because on Steam, it acknowledged my achievements but not the game itself. Inorder to get to the secret route, I had to redo two of them even though I had already played them. It was as if Steam saved it, but the game didn't. So that might be something that should be checked out. Also sometimes the fastforward button would just stop working for no reason, and that was really bothersome.Overall, though, it was an incredible.Thank you, Date Nighto. I couldn't have asked for a better game.-Eli"
,Recommended,453340,26498086,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ascarletmoon17,"This is a very solid VN dating game, with interesting and unigue story lines for each character. Though I would like to see more back story on the characters, Graves in particular, I think it did very in giving you a feel of who the characters were before you meet them in the game. It doesn't oversexualize any characters, and gives you the option to chose your pronouns.Over all, if you like cats and cute co-workers, then this a good game for you to try."
76561198133892732,Recommended,453340,22442925,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sabrina,"The story is engaging, the characters are well-developed, well-rounded and well-written, the art is endearingly simple and cute,  and the music is OK too, I guess.Plus, CATS! Tons of CATS! What's not to love?In addition, the main character is treated the same regardless of which gender pronouns you choose in the beginning of the game. By the way, there are gender pronouns! That's awesome, itself!The routes are all super sugary sweet but I feel like Finley got most of the attention. Probably the writer's favorite, or something?Oh and spoilers, [spoilers]there's magic!!!!!!!!111!!!!!!!!1[/spoilers]"
76561198141325297,Recommended,453340,21894668,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MChissa,"I'e been waiting for the game to come out so i was very excited by the release for it. I really loved the story so far its a bit simple but its done really well. I was pretty sucked into it my first playthrough. The characters are well rounded and have their own personalities. I really like the artwork in the game and the music is enjoyable through out. If i had any complaints I feel some of the endings and relationships were a little rushed, but it didn't really bother me though. Its a cute little game and it just makes me happy after playing it."
,Recommended,453340,24310661,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ninetails,"Sort of a romance choose-your-own-adventure game. This game is full of feels has an *amazing* soundtrack and tons of replayability. $20 is usually over what I'm willing to pay for visual novel games, but this is by far the best $20 I've ever spent on steam.Something I was disappointed with was one of the choices in the beginning of the game in which you only have two options where I feel there could at least be a third. This is made especially so after making several decisions that nearly cover the screen with options. I acknowledge what this forced choice does for the plot of the game, but I can't help but wonder what would happen if there were more or different choices. Despite this, this game is still, hands down, the best game I've bought on steam."
,Recommended,453340,24577339,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,blkcurtains,This game is the best.
,Recommended,453340,24004589,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,nerdatlas5,"So I'll keep this short cuz I've only played one route so far but this is adorable. You all should play it. Awesome art and music. Super cool story. And Hayes is a cutie pie. End of story.EDIT: Just finished. Play it. Does not disappoint. Its interesting how much magic plays a role in the routes you play with some being almost not at all while others are steeped in magic. I preferred the routes more directly involved in the general plot with Nacht more than the others that weren't, however everything was well written as a whole and there isn't really a bad route to play.If your a little iffy about the price, I'd say wait for a sale, because it really is worth it to play. I also suggest watching Presshearttoconitnue's and Octopimp's lets play of it. They're what drew me to the game to the first place and the videos are super funny."
,Recommended,453340,24488869,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,lee,"i love this game. the overall plot is great. the characters (everything from their personalities to their development throughout the game) is GREAT. though it IS annoying to have to fast-forward through all the repetitive dialogue while trying to achieve every route, the bits of new (read: cute and quirky) dialogue you read is worth it.100/10 game. am recommending.p.s. i can't stop falling in love with the characters of all these gosh darn dating sims. first it was birds, now it's cats. help."
,Recommended,453340,23908312,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,couch gecko,"Just completed one route, and I am in LOVE with this game.I can't wait to get the other routes started and finished."
76561198200871523,Recommended,453340,25022572,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,starlightinherwake,"Looking for a LGBTQIA+-friendly dating sim? Do you like cats? Well then, you're in luck!""Hustle Cat"", by the studio Date Nighto (AKA ""They made 'We Know The Devil'"") is a fluffy, adorable game for those who love cats, lovable characters, fun humor, and some pure, innocent romance. The player takes control of Avery Gray (pronouns, gender presentation and skin tone choosable by the player), a twenty-something who finds out that a nearby cat cafe needs employees. They love cats. They also need a job. Seems like a match made in heaven, right?Well, let's just say that Avery, along with the other characters, get a bit more than they bargained for.This is the kind of game where it's good to go in with a fresh slate, so I won't go into too much detail, but it's a delight. Honestly, even if the story can seem contrived at points (it's explained in the special route, don't worry, though I wish they explained a VERY IMPORTANT PLOT POINT a bit more overall), that's a small complaint, since it's so goshdang adorable. That, and the characters really carry the game. Hayes', Landry's, and Mason's routes ended up being my favorites.Avery, the protagonist, is phenomenal. They're a believable young adult/late teen (they're 19) and most of their internal monologue matched what I was thinking as I played. On that note, everyone's dialog is wonderful. Whether it's being self-referential, humorous, or poignant at points, it's a joy to read. It's clearly a labor of love on the part of Date Nighto, and this love shows in every moment.The CGs are also wonderful! I love the art style, which is somewhere between anime and American cartoons. The skin-color changing option for Avery, along with the alternate gender presentations and pronouns, are also a nice touch, and alternate forms of Avery in each cut scene can be accessed via the CG gallery. It's fun to tinker around and see what the scenes look like for other players!Also, unlike some other dating sims on Steam, this one is entirely family-friendly, save for some language. There are a few ""mature"" themes underlying some of the routes, but they are presented in a way that is suitable for any player, no matter of age. I, as someone who lives for fluffy cuteness, was pleasantly surprised, especially after playing darker dating sims like ""Nameless: The One Thing You Must Recall"" and ""Hatoful Boyfriend"".My few complaints are that sometimes, the game wouldn't save CGs, so I had to play routes a few times to get them. The game would sometimes crash on me randomly. The Steam overlay doesn't work properly. That, and the storyline can get a bit repetitive within each route, since there's a general story point you have to reach in each for the sake of concluding the plot overall.But, these are all small complaints. This game ended up warming my heart like a nice cup of tea. While it's not perfect, I'd say it's definitely worth the buy, as it's an adorable, well-made gem.So, overall, visit A Cat's Paw and treat yourself to some purr-fectly sweet fun. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,453340,28697425,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ambi,"Hustle cat is such a great well written game!  The story is better than I expect from most Otomes, the characters were varied and believable.  Each romancable option have their own plot, while there is an overlying plot that is there through all the characters.  Once you've completed all of them, it unlocks a final character whose story ties up the larger overlying plot.  I haven't finished yet but so far I'm very happy with it!  I've had otome games where I just push myself to complete characters I don't care for just for completionism's sake, but with this I'm excited to read and experience every character's story.The main character, Avery, is slightly customizable with their appearance (Skin color can change, and you can choose between short or long hair) and you can designate pronouns.  It's nice, and I appreciate having a gender neutral character. Due to this design decision, Avery is going to feel pretty gender neutral regardless of your appearance or pronoun decisions.  I don't know if I'm phrasing this right, but you don't get to choose between playing as a guy or a girl or a gender neutral character, you just play as Avery, and get to choose their pronouns.  I bring this up because personally I like playing as a girl, but I don't really view Avery as a girl, or as a guy, regardless of what pronouns I give them.  That being said, I really did enjoy Avery's character, and they're one of my favorite main characters from a dating sim!What I really REALLY appreciate SO MUCH from this game is honestly just being able to date guys or girls! I just! Don't get that from many games and I really enjoyed it!My only downside for this game is that the actual  mechanics could be improved. I'd appreciate a skip button that actually skipped faster, and that didn't turn into ""auto"" when it got to parts you haven't seen yet.  This is just a little annoying when you have to play the first main part of the game with different choices for each character.  But as far as the actual game goes, I have no complaints!"
76561198079751030,Recommended,453340,28842104,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nyan Neko,"So, I bought Hustle Cat on the sale because it seemed like kind of a cute/casual visual novel about cats, but honestly I wasn't crazy about the trailer and didn't think I'd be THAT interested in the visual novel itself. I was wrong. Albeit a nice little intro to the characters and art style, in my opinion the trailer doesn't do the game justice. That's not necessarily a bad thing, since I was very pleasantly surprised by how good the game actually is. I'm gonna talk about the characters and what I thought worked well about them.Avery - the main protagonistAvery Gray is the character that you play as. You can choose your pronouns (he/she/they) as well as whether you look more masculine/feminine, and there are three skin tone choices. Avery is a preset character with his/her/their own behavioural traits, but the fact that the player can choose certain details about Avery grants a decent amount of immersion without taking away from the quirks of the character. In all cases, Avery has grey/silver hair with pink-red eyes. They are quite mischievous and dorky, and just a fun character to play as. Their interactions with the other characters range from tear jerking to hilarious. Avery is a fantastic protagonist.My only issue is that I still wonder what breed of cat Avery would have become if the curse had fully taken hold, though that's probably just my vice as a cat fanatic.MasonMason is the archetypical ""too cool to care but warms up to you"" character. She's a woman of few words and says only what she feels necessary. She's serious looking and quite androgynous in style, much like the main character. Mason is the chef at A Cat's Paw and is an extremely talented cook.Mason's relationship with her grandfather is a very sweet part of the game, especially since she tries to stay around him even when he doesn't know it's actually her. I personally wish that Mason's backstory of delinquence was a little more developed but all in all, it was enough.Upon developing her relationship with Avery she becomes very protective of her, which I like a lot. The scenes where Mason stands off against Nacht are fantastic - you can feel the tension, and it's made better by the fact that Mason is blunt and a woman of few words. The whole ""Try it, punk"" attitude really adds a lot to the situation, and her angry pose is my favourite character pose in the entire game.I quite like Mason's cat form, though I'm not sure it suits her personality. I'd also like to know why her tail is crooked, or if it's linked to her delinquent past.I like how Mason's fire magic relates to the fact that she is a chef. It's very fitting in that respect, though something physically tougher would have also worked in my opinion.LandryLandry is your typical ""nice guy"" character, full of smiles and fun to be around. He's a tall guy who's good at woodwork, and he puts this to use for the cats by building toys and towers for them in the cafe.The fact that Landry's cat form is a Maine coon is very fitting, as he is tall and dark in human form. His cat form seems to make the most sense, and his human mannerisms (such as taking long strides) seem relevant to his cat form too. His magic, however, I'm not so sure about. Don't get me wrong, I think electricity magic is very cool, but I'm not sure how well it relates to the character. This doesn't really take anything away from his story, though.HayesHayes is a quiet cutie who isn't very good at social interaction. Much like Mason (but for different reasons), it takes a while for him to warm up to Avery. He is the cafe's barista and is an expert at making coffee. He can often be found working in the kitchen alongside Mason. Hayes' character design lends itself well to his shy personality.Hayes being a Siamese seems to work well, and his character portraits in cat form are just too cute. His poetry magic is very fitting for his character, and his confession scene is adorable. The way that Avery gives him courage is very touching and his character development leading up to the fight with Nacht is fantastic. I love it.ReeseReese is a typical wannabe cool guy who acts tough on Avery. He swans about like he's in charge which works surprisingly well with the workplace dynamic between the characters. But, he's a sweetheart underneath his overconfident demeanor. Reese is the assistant manager of A Cat's Paw and is always up to date with fashion.Reese's character development with his magic is fantastic. The way he is portrayed to have been extremely committed to being a witch and yet still having not found his true magic is both heartwrenching and fascinating - Reese failing at magic until he realises he doesn't need to live in his father's shadow is great character development, and his real magic is quite interesting. Also, his cat form seems very fitting for him; even Avery comments on this. Of course, the dynamic of the Nacht scene changes in Reese's route since he's one of the most essential parts of this scene. I'd love to know more about Nacht's relationship with Reese's father, or just more about Reese's father on the whole.FinleyFINLEY. Wow. Okay. So, I played Finley's route last out of Avery's five work mates. Why? Because I didn't like her. In a lot of cases she's nosy, over the top and obnoxious. But when I played her route, she became my favourite character. She's fantastic.So, as you can see from the very start of the game, Finley is quite the meme queen. She's the fashionable girl in charge of social media for A Cat's Paw. She's bubbly and fun to be around, even if she does meddle in other people's business.Her being Jelly Donut is actually strangely fitting for her character, as is her cat form being a calico. It just seems to work well with her bubbly disposition. Whilst her memery was part of the reason why she quickly became my favourite during her route, the main cause of this was her magic. Two words: Hashtag Magic. Absolutely amazing. I couldn't stop smiling throughout the rest of the route after I'd seen Finley in action. Her ending scene is also incredible. I'm actually glad I saved her 'til last. I adore her.GravesThe boss himself. An old-style-gothic gentleman who looks a little bit like a vampire. He's quite estranged and seems like a hard person to figure out. He's quite full of bravado and the fact that he quotes people like Poe just makes him a great character. His own cat, Dracula, is a nice addition to the story too.Graves' route kept me on the edge of my seat. Between the adorable romance and all of the revelations, this really was the true ending to trump all true endings. I loved every second of it. The balance of comedy and tragedy was just right; the scene where Graves is infected with rust just breaks my heart. It's easy to fall in love with Graves through Avery's eyes whilst playing this route. I loved finally getting to know him and letting things come full circle.NachtNacht is an excellent villain. in every route he actually feels formidable and threatening. Also, I love his rust power. I love his style, I love the fact that his weapon is a metal bat. It all just seems to mesh together so well, especially with his cocky yet ominous personality. There is a certain level of vagueness with his parting words in the true ending, but honestly it's not hard to read between the lines on that one.All in all, I highly recommend Hustle Cat to fans of visual novels. All I'd say it's missing is an unanswered, ""food for thought"" question that a lot of high quality visual novels have, but honestly the story is so good that it doesn't really need it. There are a few mysteries to work out, though."
76561198180261585,Recommended,453340,26352004,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sand lord,"i really liked this game. good art,fun charter,funny dialogs,CATS. pick it up if you can"
76561198274775286,Recommended,453340,22524263,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kekitty23,I recommend my friends to play this WHY?BECAUSE THESEGUYS ARE SO FREAKING CUTE
,Recommended,453340,23655289,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Eae Angel,"The best dating sim i've every played, and i've played a John Cena dating sim."
76561198044443738,Recommended,453340,23908353,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SadPopotoes,"Cute and funny! This game is very charming. The only problem I had with it was that it would sometimes randomly crash, but getting back to where I was didn't take all that long since you can fast-forward the text."
76561198134442833,Recommended,453340,22884912,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DeadlyCupcake,"I love this game, it's so incredibly adorable. Not only is there an actual story, but you get romance, too. Most otome games are just about choosing which character to get close to and eventually get with, but in this game, you get that plus a cool magic mystery, and CATS! 10/10   I love this game. Although it is a little short for my liking, it's still a cute little game to play."
76561198045285633,Recommended,453340,23363554,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mercyterms,"Although Hustle Cat is short, it's charming and definitely worth the price. I can tell there were multiple CG artists and possibly sprite artists as the art style is inconsistent at times, but I don't mind much. It's obvious a tremendous amount of work was put into this – props to everyone who worked on this game! 6 versions of each CG including the MC, even if they're only minorly different, and 6 sets of sprites for the MC, alongside the quality music and equal attention paid to each route among many other things. There are a few spelling and grammatical errors, but nothing too extreme, and they're not frequent enough to distract from the story. The pronoun choices and the MC customization options were a nice touch and helped make this game unique. There are a few issues, like lack of interactivity throughout a lot of the game, but the pros easily outweigh the cons.Pros:Quality music and writing.Inclusive of different genders, sexualities, and races.Diverse personalities of the characters.Refreshingly entertaining and non-bland MC.Healthy relationships!You get to date cute kitties.Cons:Short. 8-9 hours to be expected.Very limited amount of saves.The game will likely feel somewhat unsatisfying unless all routes are done.Not a lot of options on the options screen.Mostly linear once on a route.Only one ending for each character.As long as you don't mind the length and the mostly linear nature, this game will be very enjoyable to the majority of otome and dating sim gamers, assuming you're the kind of person to play through all the routes."
76561198124676451,Recommended,453340,23029451,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,AbsBloodLust,"What can I say, this game had me hooked from the very beginning, it cute fun and funny, everything I want from a VN.It was also far from what I expected, I thought it was about dating cats and that’s it, but the story is far more than that and intrigued me to the point I couldn’t stop playing.Even though it is short, I have enjoyed playing each route again and again… and again, to the point that I am obsessed with two charters :S No jokes I could most like recite their routes by heart.Even though this is most likely one of the most lest interactive VN I own, it didn’t matter again the story itself made up for that, and being a vivid reader just made more points for it.The art style is lovely and easy to look at and the music is just so relaxing to listen to that I pause and just sit listening to it for a while.All routes were a joy to read, each charter was fun to get to know each with their own personalities and quarks, my favourites being Reece and Graves, Reece because of the sassy start then nerdy finish and how Avery teased him all the time, and Graves because… well Graves. Both of these were too sweet, funny and lovely that I keep playing them.I would love to see a sequel to this game, but not new charters, a continuation from where the stories left off, and if not that maybe dlc. Only because I don’t want to say goodbye just yet :3All in all I would recommend this game whole heartedly, the story alone will have you hooked."
,Recommended,453340,28649448,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,scientificNeedle,This is a great game and I had (and still am) a lot of fun playing!The artstyle and the plot are very good and it's full of cute and unique ideas!Thank you!
76561198260829986,Recommended,453340,22717476,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BingoMango,"I'm a person who loves dating sims and i enjoyed this game just as i expected it would. The gender, pronoun and apearence options were very fun and i wish more dating sims had them. Some people complained that this game was to short and i agree its a bit short but im actually happy about its length. i Have a dating sim thats been sitting in my library forever just because each route takes five years to finish. The lenth is refreashing but i am disapointed by the fact that Reese had such a dull and seemingly short story compared to some of the other characters. It even looked as if he got less pictures as well. Not to mention how easy it was to ACCIDENTLY fall into finleys route just by being a nice person to her. Sadly falling into her route made her turn sour to me no matter how lovely a character she is. Over all though this is an enjoyable game but i would recomend you wait until its on sale or something."
76561198052178797,Recommended,453340,22726083,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,vimbert,"I do wish the game was longer, but the writing is clever and all the characters except for one were nice and likeable. I'm glad I checked this out, as the game threw curveball after curveball at me. I do wish the individual routes were more fleshed out... certain points of the routes converging felt like busywork to get through (even with a text skip feature) and the routes don't really affect the climax that much in certain cases. In certain ways, this game feels like a linear VN that the devs crammed routes into to artifically lengthen gameplay. Still, a worthwhile experience.Mason is bae."
,Recommended,453340,27941430,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fairdeath,"An adorable game that I often come back to. LGBTQIA friendly choices and options, a nice variety of characters, and an interesting story."
76561198055475839,Recommended,453340,22789071,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,rednixhound,"I enjoyed this game a lot!! Like honestly I've never liked a dating sim this muchThe characters are adorable, the music and art is great, and the plot is fun with just enough potential danger to keep things interesting. The option to change your pronouns through the course of the game is super cool!Will be playing all the routes."
76561198247179020,Recommended,453340,28997204,Posted: 3 January,all,PrinceKitty,"Honestly I loved this game so much I'm not even sad that a computer crash destroyed my data on it since that means I can play it all the way through again The characters are complex and feel like real people, I found myself laughing along with them easily. The fact that the player could change their pronouns at any point in the game and all scenes were viewable no matter what pronouns the reader used was something that I felt all games should look into implementing, since it certain boosted my experience of the game!Overall- 10/10I shall always love Graves, Xpidercoven forever"
76561198340000289,Recommended,453340,35497137,Posted: 5 October,all,Luna~Moon,"If you love Otome games and awesome routes to complete, this is the one for you.OtakuAnimeGirl"
,Recommended,453340,27914809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ShadowSheyla,"I love this game so much, I want to finish playing all the routes before properlly giving an indepth review. But honestly, this game is so great. I love the mix of genders for romance, and being able to use They/Them pronouns and chosing your appearance (not a whole lot, but compared to a lot of dating sims this is huge and I love it). Gahh! So so good, would recommend anyone giving it a chance."
,Recommended,453340,28273254,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Cobalt_Tea☆,"i've played a lot of visual novel/otome games,and let me say-Hustle cat is most DEFINITELY one of my favorite visual novels/Otome games at the moment.The art is beautiful,you can choose your gender identity (and even change it during the game if you want!),the story is intresting,the cats are cute and the characters are all very lovable and i found my self eager to keep playing until i beat all the routes~one criticism i do have is that sometimes,some things dont make sense (ie. Dracula the cat being mentioned,when i previously didn't know who they were talking about) but it was always easy to piece together what they meant,or find in a different route- so it didn't bother me at all.all in all,i really adore this game- and will undoubtedly be playing it over again in the future~if you're a fan of this sort of game- i'm sure hustle cat will make a great addition to your collection"
76561198032242983,Recommended,453340,27883879,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SkipperDan,"This game/visual novel is far and away one of the most engaging stories I have had the pleasure of witnessing. Multiple storylines, all of which are intruiging and entertaining. Plenty of heartwarming and genuinely amusing scenes. Worth every playthrough."
76561198019022352,Recommended,453340,24247320,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AJWolf,"Simply one of the most satisfying games I've ever played. Dating sims can get a bit boring, so anything with a twist definately ranks high in my books. This one really delivers.LGBT friendly - pick your personal pronouns - I wish all games had this. You can really ""shape"" Avery into the character you want them to be without needing a robust character creator.Each path is unique and diverse. Secret path is awesome.Good soundtrack, cute art, good story. It's simple and different from other games. I'm really glad I played it, I want more games like this."
,Recommended,453340,34145206,Posted: 10 August,all,Ragtime Cat,"you can hug every cat, and you should hug every cat, because every single one of them deserve that love."
,Not Recommended,453340,33774305,Posted: 24 July,all,Jackylope,"This is a very simple, cute game. Really nice when you just want to turn off your brain and hold hands with a cutie. There's very few ""choices"", and even then, there's no bad endings for each character (there's two bad endings early on, that's about it.) The art is nice, the overall style is appealing, the music's fun.The story is cute, but sometimes can be *too* sweet. Personally, I look for more variety and choices in VNs, but it was nice to read... for the first few routes? Afterwards it felt repetitive and predictable.The route I enjoyed the most was Mason's, and I liked Hayes' route the least. I kind of hated the protagonist for ruining their first smooch with a dumb selfie. Avery is a manchild/ladybaby and it can be grating at times.I'm a bit of a VN completionist, so I chugged through all routes, and unfortunately, they weren't varied enough for my taste. They all followed the same main route with slightly different character subplots based on who you're romancing.I think people give this a lot of praise for the customization thing (she/he/them) which is cool, but has nothing to do with the actual story and its quality. I want some heartbreaking, twisty choices damnit!PROS:-Protagonist is customizable-Lots of characters-Nice overall design (logo, menu, etc is appealing)-Charming and sweet-Cats!CONS:-All routes follow the same pattern-Sometimes, too cringe-inducing-Avery can be annoying-Too many plot conveniences to count-*Too* simple... very few choices to make!Would buy on sale ONLY, 4/10"
76561198120498361,Recommended,453340,21932409,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sensei-Malfunction,"Where to start...With the art! Since that was caught my eye first! All the characters are well designed and pretty drawn. Not much shading on them yet solid and alive. Its very pretty and some pictures just makes you stare in awe.<3But, the proportions does vary sometimes.. Still, its weigh up by that most of the art is beautiful.The backgrounds are well drawn in detail, design and perspectiv. Yet very grey, it could have more colour to it.The characters are all lovely in there own way! And easy to remember, both in design and personality. I like all of them.<3 They are all cute in there ways, and talents, reactions. Audeghjrghr why are they so adorable! It hurts .. in a good way..hum. The head character is also funny xDThe music is good, I have not so much to say about it. :S But the meny music catch one's attation quick and give a good feel to the game. It fits to the mood, and got my attation time to time ... Although when I do listen, it has a nice rythm and sound.The story, its easy to get the route you want with the choices you get first. And each of the routes are cute, and the relationships walks in a good pace, it gives one a sweet feeling of waiting and see them to fall in love <3. Also interesting story to get to know each of the cast. And pretty fail safe, when the route starts, there is only follow the story for the most, which is worth it.<3 To get the whole picture of the story, then you need all the routes and puzzle them up in your mind.(Sort of ) Although .. it leaves one hanging at the end a bit, a curiosty that is not filled up. Perhaps realstic, yet one want to know a bit more..The beginning get tiresome before each route. And yes, the skipe button .. I lost my trust for that one, since it did not always stop at something new. D:There is also one of the ending scenes, that is also off .. You have your choice of partner, and see different scenarios, yet one scene is ''neutral'' ... or how I shall explain it. Its as if the main character has a short memory loss all of a sudden, since its the same lines that is said in each route, and the events before vanish for a second ...As mentioned, to get the whole plot, otherwise it gets a bit ..weird.A evil guy all of a sudden then gone :S And no much explanation. Then the end of the route.Even as one played the whole game, could have a bit more explaning, and dig more into the plot.Perhaps could showed more of it depths. Still, I like the story though, its enough to keep my interest. :)The text is simple, for the most .. if not Graves is the one speaking xD. Its funny and natural ( if one read out loud, one can feel how the character would say it :D ), but some stuff feeled a bit forced, not often and easy to ignore.Also it random crashes, but luckily it there is autosave, and can just pick up where one left. :DOne great feature about this game was to ''choose'' a gender! And apperance! Gay/lesbian/hetro/something! They does not actaully react or say much about it in the game though. But it could be BL, and that was enough for me <3.I recommend this game,  since it hade a good feel into it, and made me smile, both physically and mentally. And lovely, very lovely characters ~~<3 awhuruiegne ( There is also a feeling that wants me to play it again ). xD8/10"
,Recommended,453340,22169093,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Taco_Management,"this game is amazing in every way possible. instead of picking your gender you pick your pronouns and apperence.the storyline is really amazing, and doesn't get boring at any point, on any route.my queer heart can't take the FEELS"
76561198120412505,Recommended,453340,24199828,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tendrillar,"Hustle Cat is a great visual novel which implements some excellent basic lgtbq positive charcteristics. Playable character gender options are available as well as some simple skin shade and body type models to choose from.The story is short, whimsical, fun and easily playable with a diverse cast of characters that are well written and nicely illustrated. I would deffs reccomend this game to anyone who's a fan of dating sims. You can really tell this story is just dripping with love from the creators.A few suggestions for future games or patches:-I would love to see more choice based options. There are more in the beginning of the game, but once a route is locked in the choice based elements sort of stop, it would be really cool to see more.-The artist(s?) who worked on this game did a great job, especially with character models and expressions. My only reccomendation would be to keep practicing composition - especially critical for visual storytelling - and some anatomy. There are a couple wonky bits, but so much passion and potential in the entire game, I can't wait to see more games from these guys in the future!"
76561198018049290,Recommended,453340,23038096,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Crywolf,"A nice little visual novel, I enjoyed it and highly recoomend it"
76561198201833014,Recommended,453340,25818772,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Caity_Senpai,great story line and lots of cats :D
,Recommended,453340,24588240,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,P_TOG,Hustle Cat is super ♥♥♥♥ing cute and charming and I might as well only play Date Nighto VNs from now on?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR6i1K4mV14
76561198182353497,Recommended,453340,21999280,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,jenspolarbear,"This dating sim was wonderful.The quality of the writing, artwork, and sound really shine.I agree with other reviews that it is very short for the price tag of $17.99 (normally $19.99).  However, I still highly recommend it.  It has instantly gone into my library of absolute favorite dating sims.The writing is very immersing.  Going into dating sims, I expect the dialog to be really formulaic, but this one stood out.  I found myself chuckling and leaning forward in my seat with curiosity.  I especially loved the character Graves.  I was motivated to buy this just to pursue him after I saw him in the trailer (mischievous smirking, probably-a-wizard, with two different color eyes?  Yes please!).  Surprisingly, he wound up my second favorite love interest, and I really enjoyed his path!  As in, 'dead tired because I stayed up all night,needingto see how his path ended' enjoyed his path.And I'm still left with more questions about his past and some of Nacht's veiled comments!!!  'Think of me when  you do it again', what is he talking about?!?!Which speaks to how much I loved Mason's route - my favorite of the love interests.It had me in tears in a wonderful way.  She is a lovable character that I could not get enough of.All of the characters are distinct and interesting.  The game does a great job of making the cafe feel like a family.  I couldn't stand Reese, but I was at least gratified that the MC constantly teases him for being a brat, and they didn't try to pass him off as anything but.Magic, cats, coffee, and lots of fun!If I have one gripe about the plot, it's thatour super powers are garbage ;_;  Everyone else's are so cool!  Why was ours lame?  I kept expecting there to be a secret reason, but was disappointed that we're apparently the garbage wizard.  Also, that in many paths the explanation that we can control garbage is rushed, leaving me going, 'we canwhat?When did that happen?'"
76561198080211576,Recommended,453340,33806617,Posted: 26 July,all,levannar,"Recommended, but not at full price.Positives:Generally well-written with few typosGreat humourGreat artLGBTQ friendly (and the only VN I've seen on Steam that lets you make your character non-binary)AutosaveNegatives:Too short for the price (comparison: I finished all routes in 8 hours while the less than 50% more expensive Amnesia and Nameless took 25 and 29 hours respectively, and the free(!!!) Cinderella Phenomenon took 15)The world and characters could be fleshed out moreThere are coding and optimization issues: it loads slowly compared to other VNs and crashed every couple of hours on my system (although thanks to the autosave, I never lost any progress)Some missing/wonky features compared to other VNs: no rollback ability, and the skip sometimes skipped new text too"
,Recommended,453340,24027370,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HRK,"(+)A Western visual novel with good art, solid music, and a great story. Features a fresh and interesting writing style, with a blend of American and Japanese tropes turned on their head.(+)The world-building is very immersive; it's easy to step into the main character's shoes, and fun to do so. When reviewers for Hustle Cat say the game is LGBTQ+ friendly, they absolutely mean it.(-)Love it or hate it, Hustle Cat will always feel 5 hours too short. After 2 or 3 routes, the writing can feel formulaic. Some characters' routes (Hayes') feel shallow compared to others' (Landry, Graves).(-)Features good, subtle writing, but sometimes leaves the player feeling lost. The game tends to crash (saving grace: frequent autosaving). Fast-forwarding ishorriblyslow, which can be frustrating when replaying the common route.OverallHustle Cat is one of the best Western VNs available on Steam. Its primary flaw is that you will always want more; you'll be thinking about this game for weeks, despite its 10-hour playtime. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198041864435,Recommended,453340,23777727,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Blood-Wolf Eclipse,This Game is Great :)
,Recommended,453340,29689522,Posted: 4 February,all,Skharon,"I thoroughly enjoyed every single route in this game. The protagonist is uniquely representative of the modern young adult age group (or at least the nerdy subfaction that tends to like these games). The characters are quirky, endearing, and never exactly what they seem, which saves it, in my opinion, from the major downfall of most dating sims: predictability. I came to this game from Cry and Dodger's Let's Play (which I also 100% recommend, whether you're deciding whether to buy it or already like the game), and I didn't think I'd like it as much without voice acting, but I was wrong. It was well worth the buy.The only thing that would make it more worth it would be if the whole thing were voiced, or, more importantly, if we finally got the rest of our answers. Maybe a part II? DLC? A comic? A bonus, bonus route? Mochi route. A hidden movie. The option of actually finding Grave's diary and reading it in game? Please, if the creators are reading this, any of that would be great!"
,Recommended,453340,34673224,Posted: 1 September,all,Farryn,"Good premise, detailed and stylized art, and 3d characters. Plus a customizable MC!Played this with she/her pronouns for Mason and her route did not disappoint. I only wish there had been more of it!"
76561198027120247,Recommended,453340,25786120,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Cecil-Night,I honestly love Graves' route so much and just Graves in general. A lot of the game feels rushed and short though.
76561197990707820,Recommended,453340,22152935,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Big Sis Peachy Keen,"I consider visual novels to be a guilty pleasure of mine. I do not await their release with anticipation, but when an interesting one comes out I will often times nab it and poke my nose in, and once I heard the premise for Hustle Cat I was sold in a heartbeat, but this is a review, so...is it good? yes, yes I think it's good, but not tooooo far above average.If you want my tl;dr opinion it's about a 6/10. Good but coulda been a lot better, now for detailsI'll start by saying I have not 100% played through this game. I played through one storyline route, the Finley route, and hooooo boy.....that was a mistake. Her storyline is pretty preachy at a little over the halfway point, and it's really on the nose with what it's about, and there's some stuff that just made me wince in the writing. I wont spoil it, but, you'll know exactly what i'm talking about.I actually pushed for the Finley storyline at first. When I learned that you could select your gender pronouns at the beginning, I was hopeful that one of the love interests might be trans. I'm a trans woman myself, so it would have been a nice little relatable thing to see in game, and yes...I suspected that Finley was trans at the beginning, which is why I steered things down that path. However, nope, it turns out Finley is a soapbox to push some devs views, and it really shows. I wont dance around it. this partanes to SJW/anti-SJW situations. I don't care what your views are on that stuff, I find myself in the middle a lot of the time, but jesus hustle cat, your strawmanning was hardcore, and that's what bothered me. It was a poorly writen scene overall, and felt like it was only there to make a statement and empower Finley, who didn't really need it anyway.Now that the cat's out of the bag *eyebrow bounces* Let me get to the pros that make this shine!-The writing! When it's not preaching to you is great! I laughed a few times, I smiled many more, and I liked all of the characters for the most part-The art! The cats are all adorable, except that grump Mochi, and I never once felt disatisfied with the pace of art transitions like some games I could mention *Cough* Sakura Spirit *Cough*-The Choices! Holy moley thank you hustle cat for having choices. I like visual novels, but when there's literally only one or two choices *Cough* Sakura *Cough cough* Freaken....*Cough* Spirit *Cough* it takes me out of it because I may as well be reading a book.-The Length! Given that you're expected to play through multiple times for the different paths, I think this is a nice length. However, the ending does feel kind of abrupt, and this setting begs for a sequel.It is a visual novel so there's not any gameplay to critique so I think that about sums it up! Though, I was not able to get the steam overlay to function with it. That may need to be looked at, or it could be a bug on my end.All in all, I recommend it. It has about as much cheese as one expects from a visual novel, and save for my gripe about it feeling soapboxy at a couple points, I felt it was a really solid visual novel and I will be playing again, this time going after either Mason or Hayes. Cheers."
76561198026951433,Recommended,453340,21916356,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,jubilante,"One of the first dating sims I've ever played, and I enjoyed the story. The playthrough is somewhat short (a couple hours) but as there's several to woo the replay value is high. Still, I completed all run throughs in about 8 hours, so I am not sure if I think it was worth $20. Maybe 10 tops for the hours. It was fun though, but I definitely felt like there could be more. And while the art and music were great, there were some scenes I felt needed a lot more animation to better convey what was going on, rather than a single static pose for the entire thing.But those complaints are minor. Overall I liked it a lot, especially for my first try at one."
76561198042216850,Recommended,453340,26895565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alexanda,"incredibly cute game, alows nonbinery player charicter, highly recomend"
,Recommended,453340,25515435,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,codydarkstalker,"I love this game! I saw a few posts about it on Tumblr and decided I needed a copy for myself. the art is cute, the music is nice, and the story is very compelling. An extra 10,000,000 points for being able to chose skin tone and switch pronouns for the main character. The date options are great and the cats are beyond cute. I will be pushing everyone I know to play this game.Only critical note- LEt me name my save files so I can keep track of which cutie I'm after on each one!!"
,Recommended,453340,25767945,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rhianna_williamson15,it's a cool game there's like 10 endings
76561198196591647,Recommended,453340,23940380,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mephilia,im so gay for finley
,Recommended,453340,23146268,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,CanaCola,Love this game and hope for there to be a sequel 😁
,Recommended,453340,35121755,Posted: 21 September,all,drink fluids! uwu,kissed some cats and kicked some♥♥♥♥♥ a nice read
76561198406470704,Recommended,453340,34229114,Posted: 13 August,all,fishyfishwastaken,Just play the dam game you probably won't regret it
76561198094636849,Not Recommended,453340,28196180,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,fireflysight303,"Story-line didn't have the level of plot or detail a lot of Japanese visual novels have (which it seems to attempt to mimic), honestly this was pretty bad. It wasn't even ridiculous enough to be funny, like the pigeon one."
,Not Recommended,453340,33818677,Posted: 26 July,all,gahgirl,"a little too wordy at times, hard to choose a certain path without accidentally going down a different one"
76561198014158715,Recommended,453340,21881287,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,whitedawn25,I love this game it's so cute. One of the best games I've played this year.
76561198302546181,Not Recommended,453340,22990916,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,pandaxkai,"Well, what is there to say about Hustle Cat? I hope my grammar in this review is better than the game writers' in their game (pardon my English, it's not my first language). I guess we can start off by saying ""It was a rusty relationship.""I think it's easier to put down the pros first.Pros:I laughed a lot because it was so terrible. At least my friends and I had fun?and that's it.As for the cons, I don't know where to start.Cons:The game was very inconsistent throughout, no matter what route you played. The character dialogues were really off. It takes them a while to notice something completely obvious. Repetition is usually key when memorizing things, but it doesn't do well in a visual novel. it makes the audience feel stupid...like Avery. The artwork was inconsistent, and very sloppy. The perspective was off in just about every background. The anatomy is really strange. The necks were too long; in particular, their collarbones were too low. The arms and hands were oddly positioned. It works for CLAMP, if that's what the creators were going for (however, this can't be compared to CLAMP because at least they're consistent with their artwork). There were so many grammatical errors (my friend who is an English major even cried), it was clear that the game did not have an editor. There were a lot of spelling errors too, and they should really check all of these things before publicizing the game. The fast forward option is nice, but it would have been nicer if they had varying levels of speed. The game was pretty laggy on more than a dozen occasions. The user interface was simple, which was okay, but it feels like the creators tried to make it too simple. The ""menu"" button looked more like a replay/loop button, and I didn't know it until I clicked on it.  No real effort seemed to go into it. Not only that, the color scheme of the interface was atrocious. I'm not an art major, but I know that the colors chosen for the game did not go well together. Speaking of colors, they felt too flat in the game. The shading was really sloppy and so was the line art. Plot wise...well there seemed to be too many things missing from the plot; this confuses the audience. A lot of the information wasn't really given in game. I had to look on tumblr in order to make sense of the game. Not only that, the ending was anticlimactic because the main antagonist simply disappears with his tail between his legs. There was no real struggle between the protagonist and antagonist. Character development in each route seemed too fast paced. It didn't really feel like you got to know the characters before you went into their routes. Too many internet tropes were used. I understood some, but honestly, not everyone will understand them, and it will only leave them confused...like Avery in most of the game. Honestly though, nothing was a surprise in the game because the final climactic CG was part of the opening. Also, the opening was very heavy on auto tune, unless you enjoy that sort of thing. The background music was okay, though I had it muted most of the time. The slider for the music wasn't as smooth. Just one click and the music was pretty loud.Dating cats was such an interesting concept and had so much potential. Choosing your pronouns and skin colors was pretty cool. However, that doesn't make up for my long list of cons. In all, this game wasn't worth the $20 I spent. The routes were pretty short and not well written. It was a good attempt at an indie game, but it just didn't live up to my expectations. I don't recommend this game to anyone. My advice is to just save your money and fund Ono Kensho instead. if you're still interested in the game though, just watch Let's Play videos. My biggest regret is that I should've done that instead."
76561198346959027,Not Recommended,453340,28691881,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,whitefox889,im 11 i thought this was about cats coffee and anime and then it turned into a romantic dating game. im really mad and i dont remember how to get a refund.
76561198262762327,Recommended,453340,30421430,Posted: 9 March,all,cloudmask,"This game is absolutely delightful. I've been wanting to get around to it ever since it was released, and tonight I finally sat down and spent some time with it. I didn't expect to immediately go through an entire romance route to the end of the game! The atmosphere, the music, the characters - everything just sucked me in until I had no bearing on how much time was passing in the real world. I immediately chose the Finley route (highly recommend, she's a cutie) and with games like this I'll usually only complete the routes of the characters I'm really interested in, and never touch the other ones. But with this game I know that I'm going to keep going through until I get every possible ending! It's so much fun and a lot of love was obviously put into it. The art style is adorable and I love the fact that you can choose your Avery's pronouns and skin tone, it makes the experience much more personal. Well-crafted, lovely game. One of the best dating sims I've ever played."
,Recommended,453340,30431037,Posted: 10 March,all,toshinori's cum dumpster,"I LOVE this game. This is the game that ruined all other  games for me--it is practically tailored to appeal to all my interests. It's cute, and light hearted and serious, and the soundtrack is amazing.  I seriously can't recomment it enough. I bought it on sale, but i would easily pay like $40 for it again.When I finished, I  couldn't sleep for days because i couldn't stop thinking about it. this game has ruined my life."
,Recommended,453340,30403394,Posted: 8 March,all,jenn_geoffroy,"Lovely little VN. The characters are well written and don't come preloaded with wangsty backstories, they're all pretty normal for people who've ended up drifting into a cursed cafe full of cats. The character paths feel mostly uncontrived, and the second half of each path has a slightly different denouement to the main story's plot of magic that makes you want to play each one to get the full picture. Best of all, the main protagonist is not a blank slate or a milquetoast, he/she/they have their own character and powers, and is part of what drives the story forward rather than being dragged along for the ride. A tad expensive for the number of hours I got out of it, though as I bought it on sale, no regrets there."
76561198305292272,Recommended,453340,30475502,Posted: 12 March,all,arthurthegatekeeper,"Great game, cute characters to seduce and i really appreciated the option to select pronouns and the avatar that suited me best and change the pronouns during game. Really love the inclusivity and it made me feel awesome! Plus the kitties were adorable."
76561198085790439,Recommended,453340,30482259,Posted: 12 March,all,RedAviary,"Best VN I've played in ever. Art is excellent, writing is excellent. Short but sweet, and totally worth your time and money."
76561198292296256,Recommended,453340,21960127,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jennyjenjen,moreeeeeeeee...... the game is too shoooooortttttt
76561198135909646,Recommended,453340,21958450,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,66Kittens,so cute much adorbs
,Recommended,453340,21996174,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Scout's_Rebellion,"This game is adorable. Not gonna lie, I dont usually play these sorts of games. But each and every character is well thought out, and has a compelling story. At first I just wanted one ending with Hayes, but I slowly came to love each character.....even Reese. It is a short game, but because there are 5 main endings and a secret ending, as long as you dont skip text you can probobly get around 15 hours out of the game with no repeated endings. However, even though I've played all six endings, I think ill come back to this game whenever I need some soothing music, cute kiss scenes or just feel flirty. Plus, who doesn't love cats?!?!"
76561198057910101,Recommended,453340,21957606,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DiscreetPuppet,"Great game, it was very cute. I loved the artwork and all of the characters. The secret route was the best route in my opinion and Reese's route was a close second. Hoping for an eventual sequel."
,Recommended,453340,21955244,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,avalonjane,"Hustle Cat is a charming little dating sim with some throughly enjoyable characters and writing as well as an interesting story arc to follow as opposed to ""Meet people"" and then ""Date people"" (...er, I guess I mean Cats.)I'm only sad that the game is as short as it is because I found my self getting really attached to the characters in the short time I spent with them. ;w;"
76561198015895564,Recommended,453340,21957415,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Aerin K Pierce,"I found Hustle Cat an interesting story, and I played through the game in the entirety of it's offering as soon as I bought it. I wouldn't call it a hard or particularly long game, but it has some great moments and truly loveable charachters, wether it's the mother hen esque Landry, the shy yet sweet Hayes, or the silent yet powerful and protective Mason I found myself enthralled in the characters. I did find some characters more interesting than others, and some endings left me feeling truly happy. That being said the final ending left me still wondering what had gone down between the antagonist and Graves, and that route was also kind of meh worthy overall in my opinion, it was nice seeing more of Graves and getting some better answers about what was going on, but overal I was still left wanting. I can't help but wonder if the game had gotten more money when it was on kickstarter it would feel more complete to me. Perhaps, perhaps not, but either way what is here is overall satisfying even if it leaves me wanting more time with these characters."
,Recommended,453340,21983998,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,renko,"When I first saw this game pop up on my recommended games list, I imagined that it was yet another one of these games that were made by an American indie company and attempting to sound Japanese. This has been a trend lately on Steam, and needless to say, a lot of them are pretty horrible.However, I took a leap of faith and decided to play this game, and I'm glad I did. The characters are engaging, the writing is witty and funny, and the mystery is keeping me interested. I haven't finished the game yet, but I'm really interested to see where it is going.The game asks for your pronouns at the beginning of the game and you are allowed to change your skin color, so it is a more inclusive game. However! This is a game that does inclusive well, without being judgy or preachy about it, which is a nice relief. It's more like the characters happen to be darker-skinned, rather than that being their entire personality and a way to get more people to play the game.The characters are not basic stereotypes and they react to situations in a way that is both realistic and engaging, and fitting for the setting.  I have seen no typos and the music is not irritating in the slightest.I think my only complaint about the game is that I would enjoy the option to make the text larger, but that's because of my own issues with vision.In any case, I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys visual novels."
,Recommended,453340,21962067,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,M_A_OAI,"Great game.I bought it solely for Graves' route and was a little peeved you got to unlock it first by playing the other routes, but afterwards, I'm glad it was that way.All the characters are simply amazing.I was expecting a simple cute story about cat-people, and was pleasantly surprised at the underlying action-packed plot (Neat!); very well written and the art and music really brought it all together to make a great quality VN.It's interesting to see a visual novel that was made with its own code, instead of using the Ren'Py engine, as well. It's well done, but crashed for me about 3 times, shortly after a scene change. The autosave function was a real lifesaver!For a Kickstarted game that still went with this price, I was hoping for a bigger story though, but all in all, a good price for its quality. Definitely recommend it if you like cats, magical themes and having a say in the MC's pronouns!9/10 - Awesome game, but wish it had a bigger story/some extras to go with its price"
76561198085597893,Recommended,453340,22032888,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SomethingNicE,"Very cute with plenty of humor, I was laughing within half an hour of playing. The characters are intriguing and lovable, the plot pulls you in, the music particularly shines, and overall it's a very polished feeling game. I never experienced any glitches myself.The only thing that felt a little strange was some discrepency in the art. There are scenes and portraits that look fantastic and there are others I feel would vastly benefit from an update.Aside from that this game utterly pulled me in. I only wish there were sequels or DLC because I need more of this in my life."
76561198118106928,Recommended,453340,21954538,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,LingeringLight,"Hustle Cat is awesome but short, everything else is beautiful, hopefully the funds that this game makes the next one a much much much longer game.There were a few times where time has just passed by, those shouldve just became moments of getting to know the characters more, there was no reason for random time passing."
76561198263518655,Recommended,453340,22083893,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,JaegerBomb,I love this game so much! <3the art is supercute & the characters are amazing in their own way.I really like the fact that you can play the game as both genders <3 <3but i do wish it was a little longer.
76561198127964354,Recommended,453340,22049776,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Lady Hatter,"I do find this a very enjoyable game. The characters are all lovely and believable, as well as possessing unique problems and circumstances. The art style is very cute and there are plenty of jokes for anime and internet nerds to enjoy (Finley = Meme Queen) The appearance and gender options opens the game up to be very inclusive to a variety of people, which is incredibly unique in visual novel/dating sims/otome games.However, replaying the game becomes repetetive until you get up to a certain point where the game diverges depending on the route you are on. There is also only one bad ending that you can get that does not differ on any route, which I find disappointing. Another thing I find odd is that the final picture recieved at the end of each route always has the two characters unshaded, which I find quite off-putting.But, other than that, it is a very enjoyable game and I recommend anyone who likes simple visual novel dating sims will enjoy this."
,Recommended,453340,22093830,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Seranikus,This is actually a very enjoyable visual novel. If you would like something on the light and humorous side then I would recommend this game. The only realy downside of this game would the price tag of $20. I would say to go through all the routes thoroughly would take around 8ish hours depending on your speed. If this game goes on sale I would definetly say pick it up.The music for this game is also enjoyable if you are wondering about the soundtrack.
76561198272265400,Recommended,453340,22047297,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,dawn_h_35,"a little short, but i hope they change that, in future updates. LOVE this game!"
,Recommended,453340,22016547,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,The Mint Pen,"I'll be honest, from reading other reviews and just watching the initial trailer video I was prepared to maybe like this game, but was more prepared to play one route and leave it in my steam library to collect dust. After just playing through one route, I can say I'm in love with it.Yes, these are a few tiny little issues here and there, but there is nothing that takes away from the game play or story. They seem to be things with the game engine or something along those lines? Sometimes the transitions were a bit choppy and I would occasionally get a loading screen when a new scene was loading. The actual text itself were also seem like it was sort of....lagging I guess would be the best term? For some reason it would get better when I switched from using the mouse to hitting enter and whether that was the game itself, my computer, or just a state mind is yet to be seen. Like I said though, nothing that takes away the wonderful story and art this game gives you.I was expecting at least one of the plot points that happened in this story, but the rest. Wow. Not even close. It never felt like it was forced to me either and I never really found myself kind of disbelieving in how the game got me there. More often then not I found myself muttering under my breath in a good surprise about things that happened. The writing is wonderful and each character shines through with their own unique qualities and characteristics. At this point I have one played through one route and I loved all the characters. What I really love though, is how Avery has a personality as well and it actually shows as you play throughout the game. Where as some VN heroines/heroes come across as completely dumb or useless, Avery never felt that way to me.The romance (at least the one route I played) was very natural as well. It was there, it was adorable, it made me smile and laugh, but it wasn't just in your face and then over. At this point I'm definitely looking forward to seeing how that plays out on the other routes in the game.If you're interested at all in the game, I would say pick it up when you have the chance. It's a lovely visual novel that definitely lands on it's feet."
,Recommended,453340,22117490,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mermaid Warrior Princess,"I've never played a dating sim, but the cat cafe theme and the possibility of non-binary identity intrigued me enough to impulse buy Hustle Cat. I'm glad I did. I really, really enjoyed it. I love that you can play as male, female or non-binary, and I did all of them through the different run throughs. It makes my queer heart so happy.Some of the story lines surprised me in a good way. My favorite is definitely Mason! <3 <3 <3 Hayes is a close second. I enjoyed all of the routes, though, and I'm sad that I finished the game. I want more! If Date Nighto makes more cute queer sims like Hustle Cat, I will buy them, no question about it."
,Recommended,453340,22118074,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mizutama,Short and I wish we could've seen more of the worldbuilding or have the routes a bit more fleshed out but overall it's a cute and enjoyable game with a lovable cast of love interests. Plus all the cute cats. You can't not love a game with cute chubby cats.
76561198192729446,Recommended,453340,30742300,Posted: 25 March,all,GigaBuri,"A very cute game (if not a little too short). It can get a little repetative after a few playthroughs, but overall it was very fun."
76561198042238489,Recommended,453340,21940688,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,FrumpBiscuit,"I enjoyed playing this game. I'll admit that it's not the very best visual novel I've ever encountered, but I can also say that it is nowhere near the worst.Where to start, the art is really really great. You can pick between six different character designs. Granted, all that changes between them is the hair length and skin color, but it's still really great.You can pick between the pronouns you want to use at the beginning, middle, or near end of the game (so pretty much any time).The story lines of the routes are original and fun. I can honestly say that I didn't get bored at all playing this; but I will admit that I used the ""fast forward/skip"" button a few times to get through the repeating dialogs towards the last couple routes.If you want a fun and beautiful game that has cat curses, trash magic, and mysterious co-workers; this is the game for you.10/10 would recommend."
76561198258322424,Recommended,453340,21899095,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,nyx440,Definately not what I expected. Glad I chose Hayes first. There is more to this game than I originally anticipated and left room for expansions. Art was good. Game play was simple and story was entertaining. Took about 2-2.5 hours for a playthrough.
76561198147531676,Recommended,453340,22847932,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mr.Fahzy,Beautiful game really love all of the routes but the Graves route could of had a little better ending than just kissing him.
76561198045355436,Recommended,453340,22713114,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Royalj4ever,This is a great game and the feelings you get from each route you take depending on your taste in people. I would very much so love another part come out that could carry relationships even further mayb as they age togather and go through their new life and all its struggles thatl ife can dish out.
,Recommended,453340,22787975,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Trash Baby,Launch me into the sun I love this game so much and tbh as my first dating sim I'm dying in a pool of my own emotions help me goth dad. The fact you can pick GENDER NEUTRAL PRONOUNS HELL YEAH like 10/10 gold star best job.
76561198074232360,Recommended,453340,22783463,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,JessuPie,So cute!
76561198129927977,Recommended,453340,22769495,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BreakfastBurrito,"It is so cute! I wish it wasn't so repetetive. (And its pretty short...) I wish each character had a little bit of diversity like Grave's did, besides knowing their story. But still a fantastic game and I love it so so much!!!!"
76561198079687577,Recommended,453340,22693727,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,WhiteRose,"This game was the best game ive ever played. For my first ever game review this one im proud to say is the best game. I absolutely adore avery as a character and as the person you play as through the game, Finley (being my love interest) was in my opinion the best and most adorable character and the best route in the game. Although some more story about what happens after the end would be amazing! Maybe some more romantic options between you and your chosen character or even an entire sequal! where in you could either start fresh or use the data from the orginal game to create an entire story based off of you and your love. Either way i want to thank all of the people who helped create this game for such an amazing experience. I honestly dont know what I would do without this game, and its amazing narrative. It left me absolutely happy!"
76561198162907947,Recommended,453340,22691678,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Strata,"Very fun and immersive, absolutely loved the Mason route and excited to play through more times to learn more about the characters. Definitely good re-play value."
,Recommended,453340,22650968,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Buck,Doger sent me..... and i hugged all the cats!10/10 would buy again. I hope they make an after story style dlc so you can continue on the routes you have cleared. NEED MORE!
,Recommended,453340,22654256,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Madhippy,"Start off by saying this is the first game I wanted to put a review for.This VN is fairly simplistic. No complex choices or plot.The story is however not straight forward and pulls you in. You will come into the game with a preconceived idea of how this will play out as a run of the mill dating sim VN. The game doesn't take to long to through the first curveball and leaves you wanting to know where the story takes you from there and there are quite a few more twists throught.I really think people should play this game to 100%, though I though some of the routes were written better than others and there are parts that leave you frustrated and asking questions, but the mystery of the world around you doesn't get spoiled for you in one route or even five. You have to keep playing and piece it together.First review so I know it isn't great, but this game is and I wanted people to know.9/10"
76561198077410423,Recommended,453340,22703964,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Goth&Spookbones,"That was a cute game. It is well written and the humor is my kinda thing. Plus its full of cats and nerds.I loved Reeses route which I didnt expect, Masons route nearly made me cry and Graves route had me grinning like an idiot.7.5 would happily be a trash witch again"
,Recommended,453340,22717657,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ScarlettEquinox,"One of the best dating sim games I've played! The story is really great, each route is different enough that it doesn't feel like you are just skipping through all the rest once you finish one route. The writing is so good and the dialogue is so natural! Absolutely would recommend this game."
,Recommended,453340,22534694,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Pikkochan,"very nice story and the dialoge is funny and cute~ I enjoyed some characters a little more than others, but overall it is a great game, and I am glad to have played it! I just wish more was explained at the end of Graves route! I want to know what happened between Graves and Nacht >o< Hayes was my favorite route, but Graves is my favorite character xD It was a little shorter than what I'm used to (20+ hours) but I think it's still worth it! I recommend it! <3 (I hope there will be an extended story DLC in the future maybe??) xD"
,Recommended,453340,22601713,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Bloodread,"kinda short but that motivated me to try all the routesoh, and they're all worth it"
,Recommended,453340,22558689,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Hairykittykat,"This game was absolutely fantastic! The characters were amazing and I loved the representation with skin color choices, pronoun options, and the ability to be lgbt without it being a big deal in the game. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys dating sims and likes cats! I'm sure that everyone who plays this will find a cat that they will fall head over heels for!"
76561198034666581,Recommended,453340,22560312,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RennisTora,"I got the Finley route first time round, love the writing for what I've seen, plan on playing more too.Didn't expect things to go the way they did, won't say more than that since spoilers.I liked this, is was a fun cat themed visual novel with romancing included."
,Recommended,453340,23894068,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Leafpad,Very great. I can't stop playing it! But I did see a Warriors reference ;D Extra credit for that
,Recommended,453340,23866982,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BlueAngelKonan,AHHH a game with nonbinary pronouns ;3; I have waited so long!10/10 recommend this game.
76561198272088945,Recommended,453340,23621837,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Snarky Kitty,"I'd recommend this game. It has cute art, the story was surprisingly better than I expected when I first purchased the game, the characters really grow on you, and it's just a fun game to enjoy. If you're a fan of visual novels and are looking for a new game to add to your collection I would seriously consider Hustle Cat."
76561198115041865,Recommended,453340,23663062,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,anneliesetavares,"O geez where to begin with this master piece..First of all the art is wonderfull! Its the perfect mix between cutesy and badass! Im constantly going through the gallery because I just enjoy looking at the style despite it being real simple. Then theres the music! The music is pleasant to listen to and I never felt like it was in the wrong place. It made each scene that much more emotional and I found that I would stop to listen to it evey once in a while.Now the story and characters are super unique and im always interested even if I have played the game over and over. It leaves you starving for more of the plot and its really one of the reasons I played the game as much as I did. The characters are the other reason. Its really easy to fall in love with each character. Each one gets their own unique story line with each ending a little diffrent depending on who you chose. You really connect with them though I little more than others. I personally enjoyed Masons route, Shes ♥♥♥♥ing adorable and im straight and everything! Like thats just how much I fell in love with these characters!Just in conclusion this game is really well done. Its not like other dating sims/visual novels. Every character is unique, the writing is engaing and hilarious, the idea of it is wonderfull, and its a touching story all around.My only complaint is that you never get to see a cat version of Avery. I wanna see that mess. like please."
76561198046370444,Recommended,453340,23699176,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,SaltPrincess,"This game is so very precious. Definietly one of the wittest and adorable cat covered dating sims out there. I was inspired to buy this after watching Dodger's & Octopimp's play through on youtube. It was a delight watching them go through it. But I will admit, I got a little bit more choked up reading threw it on my own.I wish the game was a little longer, but I would buy any DLC or sequels to this in a heart beat.P.S. I love Goth Daddy."
76561198088168653,Recommended,453340,26542993,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ChiPolVee,I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves visual dating novels or cats! The story is so much more than I was expecting which was a pleasant surprise! The characters are all memorable and you will fall in love with at least one of them! There's someone here for everyone!This is seriously worth your time and money.
,Recommended,453340,26757595,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,billyashwell,"The routes are a little repetative after you've done one already, but it's a really enjoyable game, I'd definitely recommend."
,Recommended,453340,28699054,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,symphonicmystery,I couldn't stop playing it.
,Recommended,453340,29266710,Posted: 14 January,all,Squeetimes,"Note: I bought this game on sale during a Steam sale - might be worth it to wait since this game is *short*.I'd recommend this game, but it's a bit middle of the road for me.The art is  the biggest killer for me. The backgrounds are on point 100% of the time, while the character art can get inconsistant in different CGS - especially ones with a perspective skew-  and sometimes within the game (Landry's ""angry"" emote is slightly larger than his nuetral emotion, as well as has this weird slightly bolder outline on it).  Those things may seem nit-picky, but I'm a fellow artist and they're all polish stage features.Additionally, as a player you get to pick both your gender and ""look"" (two hairstyle choices + differeing skin tones).  While a neat idea, I feel that this decision probably took away from the artist's control over the character art.  A project where you know exactly what the character looks like means more time to focus on CGs and really polish them.. I'm not particularly sure the feature was ""worth"" it, but it's definitely an interesting concept to roll with.As far as storyline and writing goes, this game does a fairly decent job.  There have been Japanese otome games from industry companies translated into English that honestly have worse storyline and continuity than this game (ie Norn 9 and Ozamafia, I'm looking at you).You play as Avery, the new kid on the block who stumbles across a job opening at a local cat cafe.  Soon, you'll find out that everyone inside is feline a bit funny. (Badumchh)Avery, the main character, has her (? I'll refer to ""her"" since that is how I played) own personality -- a key point a lot of games shy away from for max ""relatiability"" across many different audiences.  She's quirky and it works out really well to move the game along.  She doesn't fall into stereotypes of any one gender either -- sometimes she is being protected, other times she initiates the intimacy or does the protecting.  Even though she is quirky, she is deeper than a lot of games on the market will allow for.The biggest downfall to plotline is possibly the brievity of it all -- Short & Sweet definitely sums this up this game.  The story definitely feels complete despite being short, so it's not too much of a let down.Features this game is missing other otome/dating sims have:-->Quick save-->Gallery sorted by routeNotable Design choices/features:--> Main character can be a he, she, or they (your choice)--> Appearance is chosen--> Route is decided based on choices in game (Route is not chosen at beginning)--> Unlockable RouteI'm still playing the game (about halfway done), so I'll edit this later for an update."
76561198024249360,Recommended,453340,23059351,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MarsUltorr,It was so cute and the writting is really good
76561198071675743,Recommended,453340,23381057,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,pebbles,"I can honestly say I enjoyed Hustle Cat.It's cute, but for me it kind of has the same issue that most otome games/dating sims tend to have:it gets a little repetetive when you play through all the routes.The main route remains the same, but you can skip through it. Right after the release there were some problems with the skip choice, like it wouldn't always work or the game would crash, but I think that was fixed by now.In general Hustle Cat has a cute story line, and it has a unique writing style and cute characters. I loved the different versions of Avery and the fact that one can have more than the standart two gender options! Way to go!My only real issue with Hustle Cat was that I couldn't date Nacht and I really really wanted to.Nacht was so far up my alley it was unreal and I enjoyed every scene with him.like boy u can threaten me all night long-But seriously: Hustle Cat is nice and has cute art and neatly written characters, but could have a little more content.Like unlocking more than one character under certain conditions etc"
76561198051001713,Recommended,453340,23263852,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,LocalCaitortot,"Very cute! The character dialogue is engaging and sweet; all of the characters are fairly likeable. Although the game is somewhat short, the number of endings increase the replay value quite a bit."
,Recommended,453340,23430897,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Opeka,"I havent exactly finished the game yet, but I'd say it's worth the price! You kind of warm up to everybody, even if you don't find them appealing at first. That's how these game always kind of go for me personally though!Also I'm fairly certain Hayes' full name is 'Hayes, of all people' because that's what avery has to say every time he doesanything.""The first person to do x was Hayes, of all people"" ""Hayes of all people was the one who x""Avery you don't have to be surprised that it's not impossible for him to act on his own.10/10 I think"
76561198149348050,Recommended,453340,23431052,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,EskimoTears,"This game was so cute and amazing! I loved every moment of it...(most of it. It's just cause some of the things that happened in the game made my anxiety come up, but I got over it)The characters just made me squeal at how adorable they were!I loved how you could be a girl, boy or even a they if you wanted to, and you could date the same sex if you wanted, I really liked that. More dating games need to be like that.I absolutely loved every character, every route, and every ending! I loved the story, it was very interesting and kind of cool to try to figure out what was happening.It was kind of frustrating at certain parts when you say something like you didn't know what happened to a certain someone, when you literary just saw what happened to them.(trying not to spoil)But other than that, it was an amazing game and I wish I could know what happens after all of the main story. I guess that's what imagination is for...lolI recommend this story to EVERYONE who loves cute, adorable, and silly characters and love story games."
,Recommended,453340,23127056,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SeñorCatington,"I love cats. This game is about a cat cafe. I bought it because of Dodger's LP. Best Man is Graves. Best Woman is Mason. The only route I didn't enjoy was Finley's, because it was very stupid and overexagerated. Other than that, this game is enjoyable. A bit pricey for the length, but still worth it."
,Recommended,453340,22980377,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,BunnyisCthulhu,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I actually got the itch.io version and loved it so much, I bought it for myself and a friend on steam.I found the characters charming and memorable, the story is interesting and I'd love to see more of this world.On the downside, it is pretty short for a VN/otome game and the price. The artwork can vary in quality and the plot doesn't change much through most of the routes.That said, I still believe it is well worth the purchase. The team working on this are talented and I would really love to see a sequel to see more of the characters develop, or just see more of how certain things work in this world."
,Recommended,453340,23327915,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,hanbob,"As most people on here; I\'ve seen Dodger and Octopimp playing this wonderful game and I\'ve been so enthralled by it. Yes, I do agree that the story/ies is/are a bit bit short. However, the music is great, the characters are enchanting (Well I\'ve done Hayes, FInley, Landry and I\'m now starting Mason) and who wouldn\'t love a game about cats?"
,Recommended,453340,23284528,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,christinebearcat,"Adorable game!  Each plot line and character has its own special something to love.  I also like that the main character can be male, female, or gender neutral, and that you can change gender in-game as you see fit.  Great game, and I'd love to see more by this writer!"
76561197993287832,Recommended,453340,23333317,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Neveth,"I loved it. Even the chracters I wasn\'t really excited to play were endearing, which isn\'t always the case in otome games."
,Recommended,453340,23475808,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PeanutCuddles,"I homestly love this game. I love the characters, and the fact that there is a they/them option. It makes me so happy to see that nonnimary people are being included into a game.The music is beautiful, and the art is wonderful. I deffinitly think I got my moneys worth with this game, and I hope that there are more like it soon."
,Recommended,453340,23475368,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SparklyKittenSouls,"This game is definitely a hidden treasure. At first I was worried about the price tag for art that may not be as polished as some of the other dating sim type games I have played...boy, was I wrong. Loading it up the first time and playing my first route (Hayes), it grew on me. It has a certain charm that some of these other games are missing. I mean how freaking awesome would it be to work at that cafe, right?! I will admit, after finishing my first route, I clicked through most of the others. Landry had sort of a dry, vanilla story. Finley as well (except for that ending lol). But alas, all was forgiven because their stories are still decently written and Graves makes up for everything. I want a full dating sim for just graves and hayes lol. The cats are all adorable, I wish I could see the MC as a full cat (would be a nice additon to this already pretty great game).All in all, it is TOTALLY worth the money and I had a lot of fun completing it (all to get to my lovely graves). BUY IT!!"
76561198198565570,Recommended,453340,23475594,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,krisannmendola,"What a sweet game!! The art is cute, the script is funny and fun, the plot is interesting, and the characters charming! I truly appreciate the neutral pronoun choice and the option to change pronouns at any time. Gonna play through every path!"
76561198301549256,Recommended,453340,23493297,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,RetroNintendo,"aaaaaaa!! I LOVE Hustle Cat. This game is 10/10, absolutely excellent. It's written so well, and you really do just fall in love with all the characters at A Cat's Paw c: I wish it was never-ending because I really do love this game. I hope there's some sort of sequel!(my favorites are Reese and Hayes, but they really are all wonderful c: )"
,Recommended,453340,23260478,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Evelyn_Gem,Amazingly cute game. 10/10 would date cats again :3
76561198152273593,Recommended,453340,23563751,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Seraphic Victory,"This is a really cute game! It has incredibly rich characters that I grew attached to in a snap. The music is wonderful, and the art style is very eye-catching and always fits the tone and themes of a scene. I've sunk quite a few hours in to this game, to say the least, so it's quite obvious that I enjoy it!That being said, I do wish that there was more content. The only negative I have about this is that there once you do more than one playthough, most of the game is just clicking the speed-up button untill you get to the character specific scenes. Still, that doesn't bother me, and I highly reccomend this!"
76561198081784325,Recommended,453340,23225296,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SenraDeep,"This is an incredibly cute and addictive game. I have already finnished all the routes, my favorite are the Hayes and the secret route."
,Recommended,453340,23175551,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jacquolantern,"I origionally didn't think I'd like this kind of VN very much, but after I saw a playthrough of finley's route I decided to give it a chance. Overall the writeing is a lot more enjoyable than I anticipated. I waited to complete all the routes before writing a reveiw and having finsihed all of them I can't say that the last route gave me anymore than the other routes did really. I also think unlike a lot of other VN's I don't have any real recomendation for what order the routes go best in.I liked that it brought some new stuff to the table but the setup for the skip feature is my biggest nit-pick because I'm really used to there being an option in the config to either have it not skip unread or go ahead and skip everything.pros:each route is very uniqueprotag can be modified to either or no gendereach route was likeablethe cg's aren't half badthe music is also pretty goodcons:there aren't any actual configuration options for the skip so I had to fight it the whole timethe skip feature won't start on un-read dialouge but still skips un-read dialouge if already pressedthe routes are a little formulaic at points but that's a trap a lot of VN's fall in so no big"
76561198251716954,Recommended,453340,23142473,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,girlygamer12345,"Oh wow I don't even know what to say,well first off..AMAZING! This game is the most cutest dating sim I've saw! Each route is unique in it's own way and I can't explain how many times you'll aweeee. Another point..most dating sims seem to have many grammar mistakes but this game has been wrote very well,it started when I watched a vid of this game and now I can't stop. I have did all routes now and have gotten alll the achievements,i just need to get two more pictures and I have 100% completed the game,won't stop me from playing though..but seriously this is so cute I'm sure even a manly man would love itXD I feel like this is getting far too long so I must conclude with this; if you are interested in this game but aren't sure,BUY IT! I will never regret buying this game and I'm sure you won't either! <3<3"
76561197998992116,Recommended,453340,23198457,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Hildegard von Schaltknüppel,"Watched Dodger and Octopimp play it. Fell in love. Impulse bought it. Played the Mason route right away. I'm a happier person for it, don't regret a thing.10/10 would spend money again :D"
,Recommended,453340,23195160,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,jessica [godtier],"Super cute, funny, and replayable."
76561198037568058,Recommended,453340,23531329,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,jigokuro,"The world in this game is super interesting. It is actually kind of annoying how many questions are left at the end, but it is only annoying because of how ingrossing it is. I completed ever path just ot learn more, and I still desperately want a sequal or something.Also all the characters are great, and much more human and relatable than you often get in 'dating sims.' I got pretty emotionally invested in some of the arcs, which was rather unexpected."
,Recommended,453340,23530509,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,vermillionlotus,"I saw this game first on a youtube Let's Play. After watching a couple of their episodes, I had to try this game for myself. As a cat lover and dating sim fan, how could I pass it up?Pros:My first impression was that the music was really good. I like the art style and the fact you can romance any of the characters regards of your choices on the character select screen.I thought each of the story arcs was interesting. Each person has their own backstory and their own personality that affects how they interact with Avery. It didn't feel cookie-cutter to me like other dating sims. I found the dialogue really funny at times; so much so I laughed out loud! While I did go through to play every route (romanced every character), I enjoyed Finley's the most. She's really friendly and exhuberant and I found her the most enjoyable to interact with.Cons:It is a bit short. I kinda wish I had more time with each love interest. You have a couple of moments and then it time skips the story a bit. I have 8 hours logged cuz I went through each route but it took me about 3 hours to do one.I kinda wish there were other outfit options, but meh, not a deal breaker. That's more of a personal thing.It could just be me, but I felt like unless you played all the routes, you didn't get the ""full"" story of how everything goes down in the end. That is, if you choose character A, none of the other stuff that happens to the others (if you choose them) could happen. I want all the good stuff to happen no matter what! :DSummary:All in all I had a great time playing Hustle Cat. Interesting stories, funny dialogue, and great characters. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to research how to open up a cat cafe..."
,Recommended,453340,30885648,Posted: 1 April,all,Finrielle,"I had so much fun playing this game and I enjoyed every single route, even the ones I thought I'd dislike (Reese, Landry). If you want to play a heartwarming visual novel with cute cats, this one is for you."
,Recommended,453340,30935707,Posted: 3 April,all,AlexFrey,"A game that lets you choose your pronouns and give you love interests of different genders? Yes please!Given, I was slightly apprehensive at first about buying it because I am not usually into sim dating, but this was so good!! Personally I wouldn't reccomend buying it at full price, but I am biased because I am strictly into women and there are only 2 routes where you end up with a woman (whereas there are I believe 4 routes where you can end with a man). Regardless, I still really enjoyed that game and hope to see more games that allow for wlw and gender expression in the future!"
,Recommended,453340,27137823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JaniToad,I've never felt more comfortable playing a dating sim. And it's funny and has kickass action scenes to boot!
,Recommended,453340,30924695,Posted: 3 April,all,Madame Lollipop,"Bought it when it was on sale. Would definitely recommend at sale price. Would probably recommend at full price. Basically if you've got the money to spend and are not bothered by anything you see. (if you want to know how long it takes: my total time is how long it took me to finish every route, get every CG & achievement, aaand I nodded off while it was running for almost an hour once.) Anyway. I love dating sims, and overall, I would say I had fun with this one.Pros:The storylines are cute, even the routes I liked the least had charming parts. Also I looove Reese's route it was so adorable. My heart melted. (Reese is 100% best boy pls date him.)Concept is interesting and unique as far as I know, (spoilersbutnotreally): all the characters are under a curse that turns them into cats when they leave the cafe.Said curse is broken by learning magic, and each character has a unique type of magic that they learn, develop, and then use to beat down the bad guy (well, Hayes and Finley's magic are a bit similar imo. But they're still all cool and impressive).The characters are pretty neat and most of them are easy to connect to emotionally. I even felt for Nacht a bit at the very end.Cats are consistently drawn very very cute.You get to choose pronouns plus a character portrait. Cast is diverse! This is particularly exciting because it is not something you see very frequently in dating sims or VNs.Overall I'd say it has the makings of a pretty solid dating sim-type VN. And it feels like it was made with love!Cons (I'm nitpicky, sorry. There's a lot here but I still enjoyed the game overall and would recommend. Well, unless there's anything here that's a dealbreaker for you.):Storylines are almost the exact same until about the halfway point no matter whose route you're on, which can get boring, especially because the skip option is rather slow and doesn't work if the window isn't at the front (for me, anyway).Art for some characters looks a bit inconsistent between some of their portraits and CGs. And while probably most of the art looks pretty nice, some looks rather unfinished.You can't change the character's name, and the differences between the feminine/masculine portraits for Avery aren't there a lot of the time (in almost all of the CGs the only difference at all is the hairstyle.) And the more feminine portrait's body type is basically just very skinny and slightly femme but mostly androgynous. If you like that, more power to you. But it's not super often I get to play as a girl who looks like me (see: brown) in a dating sim/VN so I wish I could've had a body that was more accurate too.Also, Avery in general I didn't find terribly likeable or relatable. Mason's route had me cringing at points (even though I found the reconciliation very touching), along with some of the Hayes interactions (I have very bad anxiety myself, and helping him do the dishes and that time where Avery says something about Hayes not liking them anymore as a joke and Hayes gives a startled/embarrassed just rubbed me the wrong way it felt insensitive lol).Last and definitely least important: I think the theme song is annoying."
,Recommended,453340,26582468,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,yumedayo,"This is a great (mostly) light-hearted vn! All the characters have their own distinct personalities, and I enjoyed every route. I think it's a really nice touch that you can choose your gender for your character, and there are girl and guy routes! It was rather short, so I'd suggest snagging it when it goes on sale again sometime.Basically if you like cats and dating sims this game is for you.Also Graves is bae. I want more.Now brb while I go listen to the OST cause it's actually really cute!"
,Recommended,453340,30909135,Posted: 2 April,all,Sliced Vent,It's a game about dating cats. 11/10  I have no regrets.
,Recommended,453340,26725897,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kaeltsee,"Great characters, great story, cute cats!"
76561198040634731,Recommended,453340,22686917,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,krisd_727,"I love the art style of the game. The music is very fun to listen to. While I've only done one of the paths i can't wait to get all of the others done. The onl problem I have with the game is the skip mechanic. I was trying to make sure i got the best ending for my path, so i was doing it over agian but the skip mechanic is slow and scrolling on the mouse/trackpad is almost faster."
,Recommended,453340,22641082,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The Original Khaleesi,MAKE SURE TO PLAY GRAVES ROUTE AS WELL.I loved playng this game. I loved all the stories behind the characters and what their powers were. I loved seeing Avery with all of them. But my favorite will always be Graves. His play through felt the longest and I felt more satisfaction after getting that kiss. Thanks for the awesome games #CanHugAllTheCats
76561198301045270,Recommended,453340,22640738,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,chloe.maness,This game is amazing. It has great writing and great romance options.  I would defiently play this game again and again.
,Recommended,453340,22836852,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Jobrill/Pyotyr/Ingmar,"This a lovely solid VN with a deep story that gets reveal over time and a large selection of lovely people to romance. Plus, Avery Grey, the protagonist, is a trash witch with an increasingly nebulous grasp on the concept of gender, which is. Well, basically me (And, you know, actual considered non-binary representation in a video game is a plus).If you like VNs, cats, cat cafes, Goth Dads, or Strong Silent Women, I suggest picking this up."
76561198136588791,Recommended,453340,22620946,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Wenbo,"This was a very enjoyable game for me. Funny dialouge and great characters, albeit a tad predictable but I'm not complaining.The illustrations are nice and I love the fact that the mc is customizable ad you get to choose pronouns, skin colour and how you want to present yourself( masculine/feminine)!The only complaint I have is the fact that the gallaery is missing two illustrations even though I  finished the whole game. When viewing illustrations including Avery you can choose between all of their different presentations which is nice but the banner covers a lot of the image so a big chunk actually gets cut out, unless you can disable the banner though which I'm not aware of. It's a shame since the art is so splendid.Over all though this was a great experience for me and I'd love to see more games like this in the future.Highly Recommend."
,Recommended,453340,22199547,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ｊａｙ,"Surprisingly creepy/dark, though nowhere near the level of Hatoful Boyfriend. It definitely has it's cuter moments and character interactions, but I didn't think it was quite as much as I would've liked. You only really go on one ""date"" with the character you romance, at least the one I did (Hawes.) And one might argue that maybe there's more to this than the usual ""dating sim"" part of a Visual Novel, but even the underlying storyline, and the cat cafe parts, don't really take up much more focus either. I just really would have liked more cute cat moments and boy/girlfriend moments, and cat boy/girlfriend moments. And to maybe see the human characters with cat ears and stuff.The only reason I wouldn't recommend it is for the price, price:value proposition and all that.Art is definitely pretty good, though the character profiles are not really nice and clean with the lineart; no inking, just pencil ""tool"" or whatever. And yeah that's a bit nitpicky, but I would kind of expect a cleaner look for a $20 Visual Novel. Though the possible gay choices and little character customization somewhat make up for that, I suppose. It's all certainly nice to look at, and you'll have more than your fill of cute scenes to gawk at. But yeah, if you value better art, or something a bit more fleshed out story-, choice-, and character-interaction-wise, I'd definitely wait til the price drops just a bit. Otherwise,Gay Cat Dating Sim/10"
,Recommended,453340,22095685,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,rodimus prime,"I love Hustle Cat. I love this game. It's charming, it's cute, it's sweet. The writing is great, the characters are lovely, and the music is chipper and fun. All the routes are good, and each person deals with separate issues, all of which are very human. It's a bit of a short game if you skip dialogue for your subsequent playthroughs for other routes, but I recommend just taking your time. The game is very well-written, and it's always a nice read even the second or third time through.There are 6 routes total and there are two bad endings. One of the bad endings is a little jarring, as the splash art that comes up if you make the wrong choice is unsettling.The bad ending choice is ""Stay and help"".I think perhaps my biggest qualm with the game is that some of the age gaps in some of the relationships make me uncomfortable, but the protag is over 18. I would've preferred if Avery was a bit older, like around 24 or so. All in all though, I love the game and I think it's great that we have a game that has queer/poc/genderqueer visibility. Thanks Date Nighto! Thanks for a great game."
,Recommended,453340,22248819,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Chicken Hunter,"I'm not the quickest reader so I managed to get a decent amount out of the game since I played all paths and when I did I just the speed up option to skip parts that appear regardless of route.Most routes are good altough some parts feel slightly forced.I learnt that as long as you don't do the secret route you want to explore the basement not the appartment.The game has decent checkpoints but you can't scroll to reverse decisions.The thing that bugged me the most is that gender is only picked with the help of pronoun you want others to use for you so gender has no REAL impact on the story. The player character models also look more boyish than anything so if you pick to play a girl you need to be able to accept that you are flat as a board.I liked the game and would recommend it, it has decent content for the price though when I used the speed/Skiping function it did crash on me twice which was only a minor annoyance thanks to the checkpoints."
,Recommended,453340,24057756,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Teleute_Eirene,I found it quite interesting.
,Recommended,453340,24139138,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,greatodim,I dated way too many cats.I've never been happier.12/10
76561198021792986,Recommended,453340,24295623,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Gelatinous Mass,Cats and pretty people; it doesn't get any better.
,Recommended,453340,28696151,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CaptainKurfuffle,"Really, really good game.Wish it was longer D;Also 100% worth playing through all the normal routes to get th extra one~The art style is adorable and the stories, for each individual character, are really interesting and well thought out.Legitimately considering replaying all of it again D:"
,Recommended,453340,28585479,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Heresy Magic Master Shaboz,"Just finished 100%ing Hustle Cat, and its pretty excellent. Its not like the next greatest VN of all time or anything, but♥♥♥♥♥♥at least its better than Katawa Shoujo.The visual novel starts off by asking your gender and skintone, and you can choose from three pronouns, He She and They. Youre Avery Grey, a ♥♥♥♥in nerd who lives in their aunt’s house. You find a cat cafe with a HELP WANTED sign in the window and decide to stop in, immediately getting the job. Throwing caution to the wind, you spiral down into an adorable little adventure with 6 routes and 2 bad ends.Not spoiling much here since you find this out in the first act, but there’s a curse over A Cat’s Paw, where anyone that works there eventually turns into a cat outside of it’s walls. Its up to you as Avery to find out why, and to break this curse over you and your co-workers. My favorite route was Mason’s, as she is waifu stronk and bae. and all those other dank maymay words for saying you really like someone’s character. Im a sucker for stories where you help someone break out of a shell, and her’s is really good considering she throws fridges at people.The game does have some flaws, with the third act being incredibly predictable (big bad shows up, Avery cant do it, waifu/husbando shows up and scrungises him), and some very wooden characters (lookin right in your direction Landry), but the positives in the game outweigh the negatives. The cast is lovable and sweet (yes, even you Landry), the soundtrack is catchy, and the artwork is lovingly drawn.It took me 9.3 hours to 100% complete Hustle Cat, but of course play times will vary when it comes to visual novels. As far as visual novels go, Id rate it at a solid 7/10, easily worth checking out."
76561198268620467,Recommended,453340,30967106,Posted: 5 April,all,kushythyme,I absolutely LOVE this game. It is so funny and the characters have such lively personalities!! It is probably THE BEST dating sim I have ever played/seen. I also love that you can choose your pronouns and that Avery has a big personality!
,Recommended,453340,28461081,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Super, super cute game. I thought I'd only care about dating the boys, but the girls won me over too, haha! It's rather simple, not a deep or convoluted story to the extent that, say, a Japanese visual novel would be, but I got many hours of entertaining reading out of it. The art is mostly pretty, though sometimes proportions go wonky or the image is inconsistent with the text if you're picky about details and notice that kind of thing. Some CGs feel like they were drawn with a lot more care than others, too.My only real complaint is that after you make it through the choices at the beginning to lock in a character's route, there are almost no more choices for the rest of the game (at least as far as your relationship with said character). You can't ""bad end"" by failing to properly support your choice in romance or anything like that. Once you have your partner, it's all just reading material until the story finale. I like the sense of accomplishment that comes from successfully navigating a VN to its good ends so this was a disappointment for me, but it's just a small blemish on an otherwise pleasant experience.Wish Avery was a bit older, or didn't have a canon age, but that's only because of Graves' route.I played in the order of Finley > Mason > Reese > Hayes > Landry > Graves and found this to be surprisingly ideal in terms of revealing deeper layers to the story and worldbuilding. This appears to match up with how easy each character was to 'lock in', as they are not equal opportunity in giving you chances to appeal to one character over the others. There's a definite dance of ""only be nice to this character to lock them"", which sucks when you want to be nice to everybody, but such are the trials of a VN~There's holes in the story and a lot of questions left unanswered, but it's kind of nice to go away wondering and wanting to keep thinking about what I've played."
76561198200728293,Recommended,453340,22715693,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,scheherezhad,"I can't remember the last time I found a game that so thoroughly captured my heart. It has great writing, delightful art, and a charming cast of characters, and it's absolutely worth paying full price for (which I rarely do).I've been watching Dodger and Octopimp's playthrough, and I knew before the first episode was over that I had to buy this to experience it for myself. I've just finished my first playthrough, and I can't wait to get started on the other paths!ETA: Have completed all paths, 11/10, would lose my soul to this game again. I basically love everyone.ETA 2: Still in love with this game. I wear my ""Oh You"" shirt so much I wish I'd bought two!"
76561198252902444,Recommended,453340,27837004,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mouselynn,"I went into this game thinking it'd be a fun fluffy way to spend some time, which it is.  I was not expecting to be walloped by the feels!  The routes in the game are diverse and fun to play, and take a couple of hours to get through. But each route is quite different, and I felt that the character development done in that short amount of time was pretty great!There was a problem in my game that the game wasn't recognizing that I'd completed routes, but this shouldn't be a problem for new downloads, since this issue was connected to an older steam build and when it updated, it fixed itself. I did have to replay the routes I'd finished before my game updated, but since they're all so cute, I didn't mind.All in all, I absolutely love this game!  It's adorable and fun and even though the routes don't change on replaying them, I think they're fun to replay anyways."
,Recommended,453340,26991717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ooples and boonoonoos,CAN hug every cat
76561198030803027,Recommended,453340,27730547,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ayit'shaley,"Watched many people play Hustle Cat, and bought it for the everything. What's not to like?-Cute cats? Check-Wonderful soundtrack? Check-Cute humans? CHECKWONDERFUL CATS ARE BEST CATS YES BUY GAME TIS BE CUTE AF.Thank you."
76561198061908345,Recommended,453340,27640360,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SnorpSnoot,Good god everyone in this game is so lovable
,Recommended,453340,33216903,Posted: 3 July,all,Box [●б v б●],"A top quality visual novel. Great art, music, and writing. You get to date cats, and I promise that's less creepy than it sounds. The characters are defined and have good development arcs. The writers clearly did not pick favorites while writing the different routes, so every one is unique and engaging in its own right. Two thumbs up!!"
,Recommended,453340,33068756,Posted: 30 June,all,su-an,"Love this game! The art is super cute, the characters are all lovable and adorable, the music is very pleasant (and soothing imo), and the inclusion of ""they/them"" pronouns! And the MC selection! Thank you Hustle Cat!"
,Recommended,453340,33002084,Posted: 29 June,all,Arasan,"Few games left such a mark that I felt the bittersweet-farewell as I finished them. Every character path was significant and...a story on its own (and I'm not the type to finish all storypaths, at least the way I see myself). All characters are well-made and...loveable.This was my first visual novel, and something tells me that no matter how many visual novels I play, I'll always return to this one. Gosh, I just fully beaten it 5 minutes ago, and I'm already nostalgic and watery-eyed <XDThank you for this game, DateNighto. :) I'm happy that I got to go through it."
,Recommended,453340,33086183,Posted: 1 July,all,queenxerela,"I want more, the writing is excellent, and so is the art! Loved every second of it. Charming and would play a sequel if there was one!"
,Recommended,453340,33111552,Posted: 1 July,all,monicavaughan90,"This is one the better otomee game I have play laterly. It have a great story, Great LGBTQA+ resentstion , and you can be with any of the workers in any gender."
,Recommended,453340,33157190,Posted: 2 July,all,embercode,"I can’t describe the immense joy this game has brought me. This was my first visual novel, and I wasn’t sure how I would like it, but it was so cute that I couldn't get enough!"
76561198079768846,Recommended,453340,33165131,Posted: 2 July,all,savekittykat0,I want to ♥♥♥♥ Graves... then I relized he is literally older male me....
,Recommended,453340,33208057,Posted: 3 July,all,The entire state of utah,this is literally the best dating sim I've ever played. I fell in love with all of the characters so quickly and loved every route. The plot is amazing too but I think the characters were really the best part of this game!
,Recommended,453340,33547095,Posted: 14 July,all,Twilight Sparkles™,YOU CAN DATE CATS!!!20/10 would meme again
76561198292729564,Recommended,453340,30544678,Posted: 16 March,all,jessica.flynn,one of the best dating sims EVER <3
,Recommended,453340,30517247,Posted: 14 March,all,[ kat ],"A super-cute, lighthearted, adorable visual novel with great art and a fitting soundtrack. Several enjoyable routes, though the story did feel a bit short. Still well worth the full price. I did have a bit of trouble with the game crashing every so often, though, so I recommend frequent saves."
,Recommended,453340,29431422,Posted: 22 January,all,NeonWidow,"So... I have never played any Dating Sims before, but I'll admit I'm a huge cat person so I decided to break my abstinence for this game.I very much enjoyed it, but as far as games are concerned it could use some improvements:1) I think all routes should be available from the get-go, even if some are harder to hunt down than others2) There's a lot of repeating text. They have a ""speed"" option to make it easier to handle, but I wanted more new information or interactions.3) More customization options for yourself. I thought the character I had to play as was rather... ugly. I wanted to be able to choose hair color, eye color, T-shirt design, etc... Just more than 6 almost identical options.If a sequel were to come out, I would definitely buy it and play it too. I wouldn't suggest this to a core gamer or anyone who is looking for a very verbose dating simulator, but if you feel any attraction to the initial idea this is worth picking up."
76561198101070886,Recommended,453340,29428438,Posted: 22 January,all,Lovely_Day,I really loved this game. Thats all.
,Recommended,453340,29282607,Posted: 15 January,all,FlamingoSoup,GOAL: ♥♥♥♥ The Creepy Cat ManHow to achieve this? ♥♥♥♥ every other catBUY NOW!
,Recommended,453340,29392383,Posted: 21 January,all,404pants,"This has become one of my favorite games. I love how you can choose your gender (male, female, nongendered) no matter what appearance you choose, and it doesn't matter who you choose to be your romantic interest, it won't change the story or dialogue (aside from pronouns). Great story, and I loved going through the different characters. The art is pretty and the characters are fun, the stories differ between love interests and yet still fill the same basic story arc, just get to it a different way. Definitely recommend this game for anyone who loves visual novels and dating sims."
,Recommended,453340,29535808,Posted: 27 January,all,clairefairy,"What an absolutely wonderful and charming game!! The writing is smart, funny, and emotive -- the characters are incredibly lovable and (gasp) never quite fall prey to the archetypes that usually plague games like this! I found myself delightfully surprised by each of the characters and their fun and unique routes.If you're a fan of the otome genre, I HIGHLY reccommend Hustle Cat! Or, if you're just in the mood for a couple of lovingly crafted stories, I also HIGHLY reccommend Hustle Cat!Do yourself a favor and play this lovely game :)"
,Recommended,453340,23334343,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,imekon,"It\'s about cats, what\'s not to love?Pros: Delightful stories, depending on the path you take.Cons: It crashes quite a bit, and a file got flagged as a virus by Webroot."
,Recommended,453340,28751245,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kuri,"Hustle Cat is a great game. If you like cats, well rounded characters, and magic, get it.Each route is different and all the characters are endearing.The music is great too. I feel like that's one of my absoulte favorite thngs about the game.The only draw back with Hustle Cat is the rushed ending. I like the plot and that characters, I just felt unfufilled with the endings. It left me wanting more. But overall, its great. Definitely worth it."
76561198183852738,Recommended,453340,28810192,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,cassjosie,"Theres a  lot of dating sims out there, but this one is just really sweet. For starters being able to choose your characters own pronouns is always a plus in my book. Some of the storylines felt a bit repetative, but that comes with all dating sims really. I enjoy the element of magic as well,and as a barista, the portrayal of coffee shop feels pretty accurate. Its fun, and a good game to play when you're feeling down."
76561198035932545,Recommended,453340,28821040,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Oh shit,"In short, this game is really cute, the characters are fun and there's enough choices to keep it interesting without being overwhelming. It's casual in its delivery of diversity (this game is queer as heck) without dropping any anvils on your head, and you can pick pronouns at the start too!Avery is an extremely fun MC to play as, being very solidly written with a good sense of humor as things move along. That, and many relatable moments for any of us that uh, might be trash disasters ourselves...The only thing it's missing is a harem route, but that's hardly a criticism."
76561198065566902,Recommended,453340,29168094,Posted: 10 January,all,Maxxiiee,"Just played through it once so far and I really loved it. A playthrough is pretty short so you can do it in one sit through with a cup of coffee to enjoy. If you're looking for a more grindy, long romance story then this isn't for you, but if you just want to revel in the cat fluff and smile a little, a good visual novel to tackle."
,Recommended,453340,28782800,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,itsbaelah,"I love this game a lot, everyone was really cute!!Good stuff:- Adorable characters (My fave goes Graves>Reese>Mason>Hayes>Landry>Finley) Avery her/him/themself is very charming and cute!- Good writing -- I was captivated by what was going on and it was hard to pull myself away from the game! I enjoyed every bit of it!!- Incredible art -- It's very pretty, the only issue I had was that all the ending CGs were only views of the character's backs...? It would have been nice to see more variety in poses for the ending CGs... But otherwise I'm not complaining since we get to kiss everyone hehCould be improved:- Skipping. I was initially confused by the skipping feature because... It's slow. I thought maybe it was an ""auto"" button instead but it felt a bit too fast to be that either. The skipping feature also made it hard to tell when you encounter new/unread text because it's only a tad slower than the skipping speed. It would be nice if the skipping is faster and skips over sprite transitions, but stops immediately upon encountering new text. Just my advice?- Personal opinion but I felt the romance feels a bit rushed. Then again I don't think Avery has spent enogh time at the cafe within the game to develop the romance more? Or it could be because after skipping through most of the common route I slowly stopped feeling as much for the characters...--I finished the game in about 9 hours apparently? And that's including (long) toilet breaks. Honestly speaking I wouldn't have paid $20 but now that it's on sale it's definitely worth grabbing!! Overall still a pleasant experience! :)Personal play order was Mason, Finley, Hayes, Landry, Reese, Graves. I suggest leaving Reese for last to unlock Graves. But there's no specific play order either which is great!! Enjoy the game :>"
76561198097578705,Recommended,453340,28778575,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gishtas,"Love it! The dialogue is funny right from the start so I liked the main character, Avery. There is a mystery to draw in the audience besides a straightforward Date All The NPCs game. Also, cats. At long last, your dream of dating a cat can come true! The art is lovely, not overly detailed or so plain that it looks lazy. But there could be more of them so it's not so visually boring to look at the same background frequently.A game made by fans of the genre is a vast improvement over certain pay-per-route games with poor translation.  Buy it today!"
76561198102470755,Recommended,453340,29912147,Posted: 13 February,all,Basokun1229,No much to say but if you like short sweet  Love storys with some Cats on the side. you will love this <3
76561198075499197,Recommended,453340,29730953,Posted: 5 February,all,Kira User,"This game is lots of fun. I enjoyed the different paths, the character designs are really good, and overall enjoyable to play."
76561198264335662,Recommended,453340,28928458,Posted: 1 January,all,cat_claws111,"Quite short, but very enjoyable. I like the idea that the MC is androgynous, so you can basically be whatever you want.  I don't usually like pursuing female characters, but all character routes were well written and really fun. I was surprised how much I liked it. Only thing I wish is that the skip function was a bit faster, and there were more setting/control options. Took quite a while to skim through text I already read."
,Recommended,453340,28929853,Posted: 1 January,all,sabsume,"I love this game! I had it on my wishlist for a little while because it looked super fun but was kind of expensive, so when I saw it was on sae I jumped at the chance to buy it! I'm really glad I did because its super cute, made me laugh, and has somee deeper story elements that I wasn't expecting. Overall the game is great - i love the story, art, and gameplay. If you're deciding whether or not to buy it, definitely do!"
76561198150321361,Recommended,453340,28853882,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheLizard9,I so enjoyed this game! Wish there was more! MC was so funny! Very clever writing and a good story. Nicely done!
,Recommended,453340,32742413,Posted: 24 June,all,MrLinjo,"This was such a fun game! The art was great, the characters were amazing, and the story was so interesting and fun. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who loves dating sims, cats, or just great stories in general.10/10"
76561198064564820,Recommended,453340,32927325,Posted: 28 June,all,frithdehaan,"The most heartwarming dating game i've ever played. Every character is so different and loveable in their own ways, playing through everyone to get Grave's story didn't feel like a chore, it was all so enjoyable! The art style is so adorable and diferent to what i've seen and the music goes well with it too!Cats, coffee and cute guys/girls, that's all I can ask for!"
,Recommended,453340,32939618,Posted: 28 June,all,WHy,"I love, love, love this game. The art is stunning, the story intriguing, and most importantly, the characters are interesting and and adorable. Avery is the most relatable protagonist in any dating sim I've played, and feels real with their own personality, rather than a plain, uninteresting protagonist that exists solely for the player to project upon and that makes questionable decisions that has the player screaming ""WHY"" at their computer.You also get to pick your pronouns, have a choice of 6 avatar images to pick from (that changes in relevant scenes too), and it lets you date whoever you like regardless of Avery's gender, which I personally think is the best aspect of Hustle Cat.10/10, would recommend to everybody."
76561198163725450,Recommended,453340,32914009,Posted: 27 June,all,camcorncube,"I personally love the game. The soundtracks for this game are very lush, relaxing, and beautiful. The art is also very beautiful and there is a ""gallery"" section in the game were you can view some of the art. The lineart of the art could use some work but overall the artist(s) have done a splendid job. I liked each route for the characters (some more than the others) because each person has their own struggles and development in the game. If you screw up or unsure about your decisions in the game, you have an option of saving and reloading your progress. The game bugs out sometimes but that can be fixed by returning to the main menu and reloading one of the autosaves.The slight customization of your ambigous character and the option to choose your pronoun is a bonus. Though the visual customization is limited, I still appreciate a game that allows me to choose how I want to look. In the gallery, you can also change how the character looks in the pictures with each customization available. I greatly admire how inclusive this game is and how they took the effort to make cutscenes that have each of the customizations.I also STRONGLY recommend buying the DLC sountrack because the music is absolutely gorgeous."
,Recommended,453340,32866940,Posted: 27 June,all,QueenMidnight,One of my favorite games I have ever played!!!!
,Recommended,453340,33044745,Posted: 30 June,all,lone,"Hustle Cat is a game unique to the dating genre as you can date both human and cat, a feat attempted by not many developers.I picked this game up recently during the Summer Sale and fell in love with it to the point where a friend and I basically finished the game in a day because we couldn't stop playing.The game revolves around you, Avery Grey, and your new job at a cat café. Within your first few days, things get stranger and stranger, involving magic, cats, and all sorts of mayhem inbetween. The story, although not complex, is one that is best experienced by the player rather than read in a review, mostly due to its sweet and fun nature.Pros:- (limited but at least its still an option) character customization- ability to pick your own pronouns- can date any gender regardless of pronoun choices- characters are unique- writing is captivating and fun with very few grammatical errors- the routes are well written when it comes to developing the main charcters/your dating choice- art is very well done, bountiful cgs per routeCons:- game occassionally crashes, though the autosave feature will always have your back (in my 11 hours of playing the game crashed a total of 4 times)- some of the story is kind of vague. even in the final route you don't get too much of a how or why things happen- i lowkey wanted to date the bad guy but that wasnt an optionYou wont really need too much of a guide for this one as the choices you can make have it be pretty obvious as to who you'll romance with what you'll say. I highly recommend this game for dating sim beginners, those who want to relax with a casual playstyle, or just want a generally cute but not extremely deep story (though it does have its moments).Hustle Cat receives a 9.5/10 from me."
76561198137261390,Recommended,453340,33492450,Posted: 12 July,all,ScootTheJelly,"Holy heck, I love this game. This was my very first dating sim experience, and I'm just so happy I gave it a chance!"
,Recommended,453340,33526285,Posted: 13 July,all,spacey_72659,"I....love this game. I've only completed Finley's route, but it's just unbearably cute. Each character seems to have a pretty well defined personality, and they all seem likable in their own ways. I went with Finely first, mostly because that's the path the game put me on (due to my choices of course) with a little of my own prodding it to go that way. It's not always clear to know where you get ""points"" that add up for each character (how the game determines who your 'love interest' will be) but that's what makes it fun. I think there were a few options that were clear they'd lead me down a good path with Finley so I, of course, chose those because her character is just so damn adorable (so is her cat, I want to squeeze it - can I squeeze it? How would you even squeeze an animated visual novel cat? Get back to me on that....)Maybe I'm a sucker for ridiculously adorable cartoon cats (I mean, not only are the cat-people cats adorable AF, but the cafe cats in the backgrounds are adorable AF - and I'm a crazy bird lady, so that says a lot about how cute the cats are <- ok, I like adorable things. Sue me ok?). Regardless, the art style s great, the story is good (Only through one route so there are some holes in teh plot that I am hoping will get filled in as I progress, but from other reviews it seems they might not all get filled in, which is a bumer - but the game is still worth playing, and the story is still really good) and I just have so much fun reading through it. The skip function is nice when you're playing other paths, since the first bit of the game is basically the same, until you get your 'love interest' - I'm working on Landry now ;)At any rate - really happy I bought this. I got it on the winter sale, and have only just now started playing it (I'm crazy for waiting this long, I know). But I highly reccomend this one. Plus, again, super adorable cats! Come on..."
76561198259626410,Recommended,453340,33464620,Posted: 11 July,all,plomeek,"Genuinely of the best dating sims I've ever playedRight off the bat, I was very pleased with the neutral pronouns option for your character. At first I was iffy about the plot, where could you go with magic cat people working at a cafe? Turns out that the plot was pretty engaging and all of the characters had fully realised personalities and ricb backstories, one character's route even brought me to tears!Overall the game is very cute, with fantastic characters and a plot that kept me invested until the very end, and I wish that I could play it all over again with fresh eyes!"
,Recommended,453340,33297434,Posted: 5 July,all,Felish,I've played half of the routes and all of the bad endings offered for this game and I love it! It's fun and each route is unique and interesting. It's a quick game too so playing through all the routes doesn't get boring. I definitely recommend it. :D
76561198121818448,Recommended,453340,33296384,Posted: 5 July,all,PiggyEmpire,"Pretty cute game, a little limited on options and such but overall pretty good. Crashed at least twice per story line for me which was pretty annoying but it seemed to save itself before hand,  It also seemed to wipe all my data once when I left without the exit button."
76561198262791952,Recommended,453340,33283011,Posted: 5 July,all,Liva_kyun,"I have played through all the routes in this VN and I really enjoyed all of them. I finished it a while ago but felt like I should write something nice about it at last because it really was a fun experience reading it.What I really liked about this Visual Novel was undoubtedly the characters and the artstyle. The bg music was very pleasant to listen to and it fit quite well with the setting of the story. The story was fairly simple yet still interesting and also relaxing. I found myself very relaxed while reading through the story but I wasn't bored in the slightest- it was the atmosphere that did it for me I guess. And also cats. XDThe only real downside of it I think would have to be all the times the game just quit all on it's own. It wasn't too frequent but it did happen quite a few times. I had to re-launch it again every time to continue and that's why I saved frequently, but it's a minor annoyance at most because there are also auto-saves if you haven't saved the game in a while.So, all in all, if you like cute cats, cute people, romance, a chill atmosphere, magic and some action sprinkled here and there in your stories then this is a VN that I can recommend to you."
,Recommended,453340,32962533,Posted: 28 June,all,TheLoveThatKills,"It's a pretty short game, I beat it in about 2 sessions, but it's still pretty fun if you like visual novel-type games.The characters were surprisingly interesting, with each route contributing a new part of the story as a whole. Even on the secret route, when I thought I had everything pieced together story-wise, it had still managed to throw me a few good curve-balls."
,Recommended,453340,33661025,Posted: 19 July,all,KuzaKat,"Buy this game. It's too underrated and deserves better.1) Cute characters with personality and an insight into their life and goals.2) Spooky magic themes and suspense.3) Character customization that includes an option of gender nuetral pronouns!4) No matter what gender you choose, you can date any of the characters!!5) CATS!!!!!6) Good art and backgrounds! Also frequent story images.7) Helpful and convenient save and fast forward features as well as a gallery.8) Generally interesting and fun to play! <3(Finley is the love of my life cough cough)"
76561198151755605,Recommended,453340,34154335,Posted: 10 August,all,KeiMaxwell,"I was immediately intrigued when I saw the trailer for this and I can't say I'm disappointed. It's neat that you're able to choose the protag's gender and customize their looks a little. I played two routes so far and loved them both. Can't help bobbing my head to the music, aah! Overall, this has a really nice vibe to it. I would have loved for the routes to be a little longer, but the plot itself doesn't necessarily need it, so that's fine."
76561198314558841,Recommended,453340,35505317,Posted: 5 October,all,Arcos Of Fireheart,"PROS:CharactersMusicBackgroundsTHE CATS. Gotta love those cats. I mean, just WHO doesn't love cats?ArtworkThe pronoun choice thingy. I played this whole game as them/they.CONS:The ""back"" button on the artworks in the gallery. It's gonna mess up my screenshots, but oh well, who cares?I loved this game so much, I don't think I'll ever stop playing it! But that is with like, half the games I have, though this one is 10/10 for me!Try this game out, I'm sure you'd enjoy it!"
