user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,453750,22822876,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cowman,"This game surprised me. I expected a kind of boring edutainment game about ecology and instead got a fun and fascinating look into how biomes work and have learned a surprising amount. It's really a lot of fun and dragged me in almost immediately. I'm constantly wondering how my biome is doing and if I put down too many things the last time I was on. The devs also are very active on the forums and open to feedback and suggestions.This isn't really a game that you sit down for hours and hours and play. You can and I've seen myself playing longer than expected but it doesn't really seem intended for that sort of play. Time passes while you don't play and so you hop on to check on how things are going and if your latest additions screwed up your balance or not. The best thing is that you can adjust the maximum amount of time that will pass while you're away. It defaults to a week but you can set it to a month or 3 months. I've found that 3 months actually isn't that bad but it's a great setting that more games that do this kind of thing need to implement. It's nice to know that my going to sleep/work won't cause a year+ of in game time to pass.I highly recommend this huge surprise of a game if you want something that is engaging and completely open ended. It's difficult but that's really just because biomes are complicated and it's a lot of trial and error. Definitely expect to restart your biomes a couple times simply because your experiment failed. It's a fantastic game and it's way more engaging and interesting than I expected.I will definitely buy any and all DLC that might be released (The devs haven't said anything about DLC, just me hoping/speculating)."
,Recommended,453750,23380984,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Trolske,"TL;DR: You like slow-paced sandboxes and/or strategic puzzles and don't mind learning a bit while playing? Get this game! Deer mice are evil!This game is great!It combines a reasonable amount of education value with a great amount of fun.To be fair, you have to be interested in biology and/or ecology to enjoy this and if you require constant fast-paced action, this game is definitely NOT for you.But if you enjoy an ecological sandbox where you can play with different animals and plants to see their interactions, this game is a must have.Your actual time spent in the game is rather low, since most of the time you introduce species into the biome and then leave the game to come back a few hours later to see how the ecosystem reacted (you can adjust the maximum in-game time that passes while the game is closed).If you get the game, do yourself a favor and be very VERY careful with rodents. They can (and will) seriously mess up your ecosystem."
,Recommended,453750,22413117,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,TheIntCat,"Nice relaxing game, enjoyable to play and good for getting rid of stress :-)Devs really crafted a beautiful game here, doesn't take much learning at all and there is very little learning curve to it.Pros-Simple idea, great concept.-Major parts of program work as expected.-Never had a crash before, seems reliable.-Has options to limit how much an ecosystem can change while you're gone.-Fast loading times in general (Depends on machine of course).-Devs are active and listen to players. They don't appear to be making any sort of ditch and run, as is rampant in the steam store at the moment with a lot of titles, which is nice.-Not expensive or overpriced.-Tutorial explains what you need to do and doesn't leave you asking questions about gameplay.Cons-HUD needs little tweaks here and there to make it a little less invasive, personal opinion here though.-Takes a while to get going initally, is more of a neutral point than con.-Graphics are average, hopefully some texture patches will come soon :)-Needs a couple of little features adding but developer has said they are working on updates and is very open and active about it in the discussions.Definitely worth picking up for the price!"
76561198134570920,Recommended,453750,22466592,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Vox,"AnimalsPlantsDecomposersDetritusLong ago the ecosystem existed together in harmony. Then everything changed when the detritus attacked. Only the player (me), master of all life, could stop it. But when the biodome needed me most, I afk'd. Several years passed and my little brother came by my computer, a dorky brat named Tom, and although he is a pretty avid casual gamer, he has a lot to learn before he can balance anything. But I believe, the biodome can be restored!"
,Recommended,453750,22420045,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tisokan,"This game is a great simple way to have fun with your own biome.  As a soon to graduate Biology student I just had to try it out.  Of course its extremely dumbed down but the game is still great fun.  I actually get a lot of joy out of the informative side when you read about each species.Pros:-Easy to get into-Some informative aspects-The developers seem to listen to the community in the discussion boards and talk about adding moreCons-I would like some more graphical settings, but the developers have talked about implenting more-A bit more diversity would be nice.  Especially birds, they are a huge part of the ecosystem, and mentioned a lot when you are reading about different species.-Some faster speeds.  The game is nice to just put to the side but sometimes I would love to fast forward.  Especially if I started another biome.All and all it's a nice little game and there is very little to complain about with the price."
,Not Recommended,453750,29662474,Posted: 2 February,all,DragonAnt,"Alright, to start, i love games that focus on the ecosystem, love them, but i give a negative review on this game, with so little time actually playing, is because its sloppy. heres my list in no particular order1. flying bugs stay where they are, dont fly around, dont land on things, just magically pollinate everything from their stationary position2. ground bugs dont leave their nest, just simply move around it a circle, kinda magically floating around it as a flat image, they also magically eat waste from there stationary positions3. bugs neither breed nor eat or be eaten (from what i can tell) you can have an entire population of decomposers that never die out4. plants cant overpopulate, the point of an ecosystem is that even plants can wipe out other plant species and are all competing for water and sunlight, which brings me up to my next issue5. water isnt a resource, nothing requires water, main example is the desert biome in the first open spot, there is no readily available water, all the animals should be dying of dehydration6. animals dont have nests, burrows, homes, nothing has shelter, why dont the rabbits have burrows? everything just kinda wanders around there ittybitty territory, munching on whatever and sleeping wherever, its nonsensicle, my rabbits are just being eaten while they sleep7. animals are dumb, you have a preditor walking around, you dont walk up to it and say hey8. the ""territories"" concept, this is a good mechanic, but it doesnt do realisism justice, animals territories are constantly shifting, a hunter moves into an area, prey moves elsewhere, hunters run out food, they look elsewhere9. fungus grows randomly, but mostly directly where you placed them they'll clump up, they'll kinda grow around dead things, but not much10. lastly, its just overly simple, everything is simplified, and i feel they simply couldve done more with itoveral, its very lacking, and really i wouldnt complain so much about this stuff if this games main focus wasnt on a realist ecosystem, if we are supposed to be controling the dome, we should be controling things like wind, tempeture, water, sun exposure, maybe geomorphing the land to form it into whatever kind of ecosystem we are aiming for, and then have it so we are simply releasing seeds into the wind or even directly planting them, and then watch the plants grow and spread overtime, releasing animals into it, watch them find safe places to burrow or build a nest, watch them migrate around the dome looking for food and avoiding preditors, watch them over eat the plants, or watch the plants dry out the water or over populate, trees blocking the sun of smaller plant life that grew under them and dying off, fungus dying off because they have nothing to feed off of, watch preditors compete for territory, watch wolves hunt in packs, and cougars hunt solo, the ecosystem is so much more complex then what we have here, the game needs concepts like cover, water requirements, nests, sun exposure, make the animals more dynamic instead of eating sleeping and dying"
76561198030940067,Recommended,453750,22470322,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mercy-Chan,"First off, do not expect a fast paced game. It's a game where you will be sitting for a while or simply turn it off to run in the background.Anyway, I don't think I have anything to add about the game itself, so I can move forward to what I like and dislike. Please note, some of my favorite games are God-Like games, games where I can do what I want and see the consequences of my actions. I also enjoy simulators. Games I play often that fit in these categories are The Sims 3, Black and White 2, and Zoo Tycoon 2. Moving forward,Pros:The whole concept is great, I've been missing having an ecosystem game like this.It's a chill game but it still makes me want to go back in to check on my biodomes.The devs are very active in the boards and care about this game.Your actions do have an effect, positive or negative, on the biodome (Like myself adding Tapirs too early...)Cons:The controls could be better, more fluid.More biomes.Many users are having crashes, I have not run into that.The tutorial can lead you to disaster by placing carnivors so early (at least in my experience) so you'll have to figure out how to deal with that early.Anyways, for the price, I wouldn't say no to this title if you seem interested."
76561198029114626,Not Recommended,453750,22486358,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hachiseiko,"TL;DR - It's a good idea and a good concept. It's been worked on and improved a lot but I'm not sure if it's enough. It's very easy with no real challenge. You can play it as just a fun little simulation game but the problem I have with that is that the graphics are only okay and you can't decorate properly. Go ahead and buy it, especially if it's on sale, but don't expect too much.---All right, here comes the much longer text!Let's start with the gameplay.One thing that I noticed early on is that it's a rather slow and not very difficult game. This is how it works: You place animals and plants in a biodome. In order to place things you have to spend energy. Energy slowly trickles in as time passes in the biodome. As soon as you get comfortable placing things in the biodome you'll spend most of your time just sitting around waiting for more energy. I spend most of my time in fast forward mode. As your biome gets bigger and you unlock more things (including a higher energy cap) it gets better but I still find myself waiting around a lot for more energy.One of the things I enjoy the most about this game however is decorating. But I so wish that was executed better... The problem is that often you plant the smaller plants several at the time and if even ONE of these overlap another plant you can't place them down. I wish that different types of plants could overlap. Obviously trees and bushes can't overlap but what about bushes and grass? I see no reason why they shouldn't be able to occupy the same space. And also, I'd like the ability to rotate things before I put them down. That would solve a big part of my problem with placing several plants at once. It would also make decorating more fun and make the world look less fake and boring. It's a small problem but annoying to me none the less.Besides this it is also rather easy to figure out how to keep a stable biodome. If you use common sense you'll get a long way.Here's the best strategy: Have loads of plants for your herbivores, have a lot more herbivores than carnivores and have loads of stuff that reduces detritus. That's pretty much it. As long as you don't go crazy and put down five colonies of snakes all at once like an idiot you'll do fine. The only real ""threat"" is detritus. And even that doesn't seem so bad. I once managed to reach the highest level of detritus and... not a lot happened to be honest. I lost a few animals here and there but not a single colony died out. I got it down again and that was it. Speaking of, I'd like the ability to sort the list of animals after diet, energy cost, size and so on...Okay, so the game is easy and there's no real challenge. So what? This is a slow and chill game about nature. You can just kick back, relax and enjoy the atmosphere right?Well, sadly, this is where the rest of the problems come in... It doesn't control, sound or look good. It's been improved a lot but it's still not great.The controls have improved a lot but they don't feel very smooth. They don't quite make sense to me and annoy me a bit. I constantly have to stop and think about what buttons to press to make it do what I want. If you've ever played Minecraft in creative mode while flying you'll recognize the controls as they're very similar.And so we finally arrive at the sound and graphics.Unfortunately I can almost say nothing about the sound. The music is fine but personally I don't enjoy music in my games so that's a mute point for me. Due to a bug there are no animal or environmental sounds so... sadly, I can't say anything about that.And the graphics... They have gotten A LOT better compared to what they were before. The textures on animals and plants are good and I like the style. But meshes are still low poly, animations are poor and the ground and the water look really bad. It also doesn't help that it quickly and noticably lowers the resolution on everything as you zoom out. Besides this there are SO many small tricks I dearly wish they will implement to add some artificial variety to the few meshes they have. Randomly rotating and resizing the meshes would help as now every single plant of the same kind looks exactly the same, facing the same way. It's a real shame. There is a lot of work to be done with the graphics. I WANT a reason to take photos of it like the game wants me to!If his game controlled, looked and sounded good I'd love to sweep through the dome, just looking at things and enjoying it!And finally, as a last note... the only actual ""learning"" in this game is outside of the gameplay. It's just text and images in dossier-style, completely separate. I'm not sure how much you actually learn from this game. You may as well read a book or watch a documentary. I would suggest attempting to work small fact text bubbles into the game. I would be superhappy playing the game and suddenly having a little text pop up above my badger pupulation that says ""Did you know badgers eat frogs, insects and even bees and snakes?"". Because that's not only interesting but also useful in the game!"
76561198140299850,Recommended,453750,22488560,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,foofaraw,"EDIT: I originally indicated that Tyto Ecology focuses on the more simplistic aspects of the maintaining of an environment in equilibrium. While that may be true in the limited number of ""players in the game”, within those diverse players that are included there is NO shortage of complex interaction. As I expand the scope of my own TE creation, resulting in the increased need for answers to more multifaceted questions (a reflection of the environment itself, perhaps), I am constantly astounded as to just how complex the overall interaction is. Clearly not by accident, but precisely as intended. The complexity reveals itself slowly through necessity, as is done with any extremely well designed game. And these DEVS know exactly of what they speak, and say it extremely well. And with great passion.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Tyto Ecology is an oddly titled game perhaps, but no less significant in many important ways. In its most basic form it’s simply a bio-dome, in which a specific Earth environment is reproduced in perpetuity (with hope, luck and skill.) The player has a given space to fill to whatever degree desired with flora and fauna, plant and animal life to coexist as a single unit of many diverse parts (as humans have largely failed to do in the bigger world.) In a larger aspect this is an opportunity to understand mistakes made and do it right, while gaining a grasp of the balance necessary in all aspects of life. And it has baby bunnies! And snakes!First, the basics of Tyto Ecology. The player begins with a simple tutorial that almost completely explains the balance of life in about five minutes. Yes, it could be argued that this game is vastly oversimplified….and it would be true. But this game is to show the way, not to recreate the world. In the words of one of the DEVs, “nature is so ridiculously complex that a truly ""accurate"" simulator would cause the ecosystem to die every single time. How nature has managed to balance itself out for as long as it has is a question that puzzles even those who have dedicated their lives to its study!)” (Thank you creekit, hope it’s OK.) The line must be drawn somewhere, and perhaps time and success will move that line somewhat. (This player’s suggestion; the tutorial is necessary and valuable, but may not be the best starting point for a “real” game. Perhaps many players would wish to start slower than to introduce bobcats to jackrabbits in the first three minutes. No action performed can be reversed. If one makes a mistake, only further actions can eliminate it……..with time.)As Tyto Ecology progresses you receive two types of “purchasing power” (since this IS a game, after all.) The lightning bolts accumulate quickly with time, and are used as the means by which to add each plant group or animal colony as often or to as many locations as each player sees fit. The “T” tokens accumulate more slowly as specific rewards, and are the means by which each plant or animal TYPE is unlocked, and is only done once. Ever. (No matter how many bio-domes you control, apparently.) In theory, the payments become of altered significance over time, especially the tokens. It’s also built into the game to use tokens to perform emergency actions when needed.For this reason, the first “game”, or bio-dome one controls is a completely different experience from any other. In the first game, choices tend to go from small to large expenditure / life form. In subsequent games there is no restriction, as all life forms are available from the first moment. As such the additions may be based on their impact as much as game need. (Mice can be HUGE!) While existing domes can be deleted for new ones to be started, any unlocked life form seems to be forever unlocked.The goal of Tyto Ecology is equilibrium. Establish enough plants, and types of plants, to act as food and shelter for whatever types and quantities of animals you include. The animals must also be food for other animals, so there must be enough of each to reproduce at the rate necessary to replace those that don’t run fast enough or hide well enough. Plants must also reproduce, so pollinators are included: bees and moths. Armadillos (and others) need “bugs” to eat, so you may need to include ants and millipedes near any armadillo colonies you add. Are there enough bugs? You have the ability to constantly monitor the hunger, health and number of members for each colony. Players also receive notifications when things start to go wrong. (Although this player is still largely uncertain as to how to respond to a message about “declining mushroom health”.) Mushrooms, you say? Yes, without mushroom and millipedes, debris and carrion would accumulate to unhealthy levels, so they must be included. And they are both also very tasty! YUM!Tyto Ecology opens with a desert ecosystem available. Later, tokens can be used to unlock Rainforest, Grassland, and perhaps other later. Admittedly, this player only has a few hours in the game, and the achievements extend for fifty years. Yes, fifty years. No worries, you won’t have to abandon every other game, as well as your job and family. (But you can!) The game operates at an accelerated pace, as well as allowing players the option to speed the game while playing. When players leave the game they may select the maximum amount of time to pass in the interim: none, one week, one month or three months (with the warning that three months is HARD!) The DEVs resisted the temptation for the selected time period to pass instantly, so the player must actually stay away from the game for some unknown period for the maximum time to pass. When players return they will be notified of any issues to have arisen, and how many tokens may have been earned.No, Tyto Ecology doesn’t have impressive graphics. But to choose between having or waiting, most likely the proper choice was made. And Tyto Ecology may not include enough variables to make a serious environmentalist or biologist content, but for the casual player or student (perfect for a classroom) this should be adequate to make one feel they have more understanding of the workings of nature than previously. Or if you simply love animals and nature, this is a very special experience (especially the first time you have BABIES!) If the remarkable enthusiasm of the DEVs is any measure, this game should be very successful, especially if they continue constantly improving it as they are doing as we “speak”.Thank you."
76561197989789822,Recommended,453750,23261411,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Clockwork Onion,"Interesting and quite in-depth biome development simulator.Balance your biome with a wide variety of plants and wildlife, unlock extra segments to expand.The plants and animals reproduce and spread out over time, keeping the game challenging and interresting to observe.Experienced one crash, submitted a crash report, and received a reply that the issue had been adressed withing 12 hours. Very good support!Apparently there will also be a patch later this week with bugfixes and optimalisation!"
76561198009823429,Recommended,453750,22953520,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Shifter,"This game is meant for people who are willing to come back a couple times a day and check on their biodome(s). If you don't like that, this game may be tough to find fun. However, if you are willing to check back every so often, the game has incredibly well designed ecosystem development and many options for flora and fauna for each of its (currently?) three biome types (in vanilla). The gameplay is mostly placing animals and plants in a custom ecosystem you create from scratch. The longer it works and the more diverse you make your miniature worlds, the more the game rewards you with coins, which let you unlock new animals, plants, etc. Be careful though, as fast breeding grasses and rabbits can overrun the entire environmental plan you thought you had set up, or the extra foxes you put in ate all the herbivores and starved. The only constant is that no plan ever works out perfectly, as the interactions always tend to surprise you each time you log back in. The camera feature gives you extra oppertunities to do some non-ecological work, such as taking snapshots of a bunch of baby hares roaming around in your custom made desert bush garden, or peeking at a sleeping turtle.The devs are wonderful, active, and more friendly than every other early access devs I have ever talked to. A simple email or a forum post will get their attention, and they will contact you in a timely manner with support and/or response to your feedback.At this time, however, there are certain things that I found midly troublesome (not to say they ruined my experience, but these small things could greatly improve my gameplay). Listed below:-clipping (animals can go inside of large trees, making it hard to spot them as well as slightly damaging the realism the game is going for)-swimming for animals. Not just for realism (which would be amazing in its own right), but because like the tree clipping, it can be hard to spot animals ""buried"" beneah water. Again with both issues (this and tree clipping) it isn't a huge concern, due to the fact that the need to see individual animals is somewhat small, but it would be nice to keep track of certain smaller populations (such as bobcats or foxes) on a more precise and individual scale without having to look inside of large trees (such as kapok).-not being able to pan the strategic camera (the top down view) while trying to place animals or plants (this is now possible! thanks againt devs!)-not being able to see which population I'm being alerted about (a snap to function would be amazing)Again, this game is lots of fun and functions as a good creative outlet, and for 7$ it is easily worth the cost. Please support these wonderful devs!(please remember this review was written in later summer of 2016, and despite my efforts to update this review I will not always be on top of any fixes that the dev team makes)"
76561198006884685,Recommended,453750,22466220,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Slayllian,"This is a great game to pick up and play for short periods of time, i'm not sure of the longevity but for under £5 you cant complain.It mixes a realaxed play style with a Sims style soothing soundtrack. The graphics and animations are a little poor. A greater diversity and better realised animations could make the game a lot better and more involving, as well as tweaked visuals. The game could be used as an educational tool, theres lots of great info in there, so should be good for kids.I have encountered a number of crashes, but the developers have been quick to listen to feedback and these are being rectified.There's a lot of potential in this and its a great original concept, but unfortunatley not quite realized and falls short of the mark. I would still reccomend the game due to its low price and relaxed, easy to pick up play style."
,Recommended,453750,23006508,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ZappRowsdower,"Great and educational game! Very simple but very fun: it plays a lot more like a ""hands-off"" strategy game than something like Civilization. You have a number of points that can be spent on using your trusty ""Owlbot"" to interact directly with a biome of your choice (currently desert, grassland, or rainforest). Adding plants, animals, and detritivores all consume these points. Successfully maintaining your biome unlocks a second currency that allows you to purchase additional plants and creatures to increase your biodiversity (there are NO real money transactions). The goal is to introduce plants and animals that are all in balance and can eventually maintain your ecosystem without your involvement at all.All in all, I highly recommend it if you're a bit of an amateur naturalist such as myself. The graphics are nothing spectacular but fun and functional, and I really enjoy the gameplay, though someone looking for a more action orientated experience will be quickly bored. The photo mode is also a nice addition.TL;DR - For the patient crowd interested in biology and ecosystem studies."
76561198167901223,Recommended,453750,22503465,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,BlindSeer,"After playing about 5 hours, I feel I can safely say I enjoy this game, and it is worth the price they are asking. I like seeing my plants and animals thrive and reproduce, and seeing how adding one species might affect another. There are still some kinks to work out, but the devs seem more than willing to work on fixing bugs and are very responsive."
76561198022280120,Recommended,453750,22545101,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ladyimp,"I am a player fascinated by biology, especially genetics and how complex systems play out.  I regularly search for better genetic, evolution, and ecology simulators and games.  It's a narrow field, sadly, and most of the options are really quite limited.This is not a perfect game of its type, but it is closer to perfect than about 95% of similar games and simulations I have played with.  And I've been searching for games like this for decades.It's dev team are currently 'fall over themselves eager' to interact with their playerbase, always a nice trait to see.  The game is not listed as 'early access', because as a developer explains in a news post, to be early access you need to be committed to develop the game further 'no matter what', and for this team, further development was only an option if the game sold well 'enough'.Apparently it is selling well enough - the team seems profoundly excited and active!  I feel like my purchase is a plant set down in their herbivore territory, here are my 5 leaves, please eat them and make more programming!  Not quite how it works in their game, but close enough.  The game, though not listed as early access, is very much currently functioning as a healthy early access game.The game has some areas of 'needs improvement' - but I am a very picky player who already knows a great deal about real life ecology.  It's one of the very best ecology simulators I have sampled, and they're working to make it better.It is not a game for players who demand fast paced time controlled action, this is very much a game where you make strategic choices and allow time to pass to see the outcome.  I consider this game to be more of an idle clicker sort of game than any other sort of game mechanic, and a player can expect many minutes to hours of real life to pass before one sees the overall outcome of choices made.  But a player is allowed multiple simultaneous biomes, and the choice to allow time to pass while each is offline or not - note this is not a way to speed up time in the game.  One can allow up to a maximum of 3 months of simulated time to pass while logged out, but logging out is not a way to snap time progression forward.Despite this, the game is detailed and engaging, in a 'spread out over many, many days of play' sort of way.  Additionally, it appears to be in -very- active development, with player opinions getting significant amounts of developer interaction and discussion.Great team, top game of its type, and getting better.  I like this game and these people.  I think you will too."
76561198030747725,Recommended,453750,28846462,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,teej72,"I ususally give a game a few more hours before I make an assessment but this is truely a fine game. It took me a bit to get the ebb and flow as time plays a big factor but a few questions posted on the board were answered quickly from the developers and I figured it out. It's a very laid-back game. Nice when your looking for a challenge without anxiety or as something fun check on while you multitask.The value of this game is incredible. It has one of the higher ""fun per dollar ratios "" of many games that I've played. I bought it on sale but even at full pice it's worth it. Heck I've paid more than $7 for an app on my phone that doesn't compare to this game.If you are into startegy, time management, or nature games, this one is for you.Enjoy! (I'm gong to see what else this company has made)"
,Recommended,453750,30972324,Posted: 5 April,all,Czech this out!,"Created a lush beautiful biodome, slowly filled it with various plants and animals, deer population expolded and ate up all the plants/foliage, almost everything died.10/10 accurate representation of capatalism."
,Recommended,453750,28603558,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HuskiesSymphony,"Thus far I've put about three hours or so into this game and so far, I'm impressed. The level of detail put into this game is impressive and I love that the player is given the option to choose different biome types; each with theie own unqiue animals and plants!As a bit of an achievement hunter I'm also pleased that while this game has achievemnts they don't seem to be obscure things you have to specifically do. Most of them appear to be things that you would do naturally while playing the game."
,Recommended,453750,32875513,Posted: 27 June,all,Spongebob Roundpants,Not the best graphics but pretty good for learning about how nature is all connected. Lots of cute animals.
76561198013556071,Recommended,453750,28855625,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pinkie Pyro,bit of a nich game but i like it... but its not for everyone..alsoPro Tip: do not underestimate deer mice they breed more than rabbits and can quickly strip the land of plants
,Recommended,453750,33684383,Posted: 20 July,all,MysticWolf,"Its a great game! It is one I play when bored ALL the time :D (Sadly, I'm rarely bored :p)Tbh though, I can't really make a dome where everyone doesn't just die :p"
,Recommended,453750,22506271,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,drolife,"Tyto Ecology was intelligent, intuitive and a great learning tool for people interested in the natural world."
,Recommended,453750,26158247,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,takchik,"If you want something to play while you have time to kill, waiting for something else or want something that is simple but fun then i recommend this. Its great for short bursts of boredom. Now there is plenty to keep your attention for longer periods, i just dont personally do that. You can set up the domes and then exit and do other things and comeback to it to see if you good at balancing an ecosystem(or to see how the rabbits have taken over xD) A good thing is you can set a limit to the time passing, its not always GOING so you have plenty of opportunity to fix balances.I'm not good for reviews ^^;;; Its a good game worth the price, the DLC isn't needed to fully enjoy the game(but it is an extra fun) The developers are amazing with helping problems they can help with. They are super fast with replying in the discussions.Okay enough rambling....just get it. If it is ever on sale MOST DEF GET IT!!"
76561198149073511,Recommended,453750,29990923,Posted: 17 February,all,domukazs,"Its is really relaxing game, reminds me of wildlife park series, just its little bit different, i really enoy playing this game, its a good time killer and the price of this game is really good!"
76561198253048684,Recommended,453750,29931216,Posted: 14 February,all,dinoking22,"This game provides an intresting expirence for people wanting to learn about ecosystems, zoology and botany and makes it very enjoyable, or for people who loves strategical building games, even ecological building."
,Recommended,453750,22719682,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Valosar,"Tyto Ecology has some room to grow, as an education game it does its job very well. My children love the game and have both managed to create seemingly stable eco systems (They don't play on hard like I do and so far I've had trouble creating a truely stable eco system so at least the game is challenging for parents and children) I would like to see the creatures interact, like a coyote taking down a rabbit or cougar taking down a mule deer for the most part animals just seem to ignore each other.From a gameplay point of view the game does not offer enough information that actually applies to the game. The biodex offers real life information and often includes items that aren't even in the game as predator/prey relationships. I would love to see a biodex that actually comes out and says exactly what each animal eats and gives more game realted detail as far as how they impact the game world . So far we're left guessing exactly how many of each thing we need, will this animal eat this plant and if so will it actually like it? It seems like when I place down anything it literally interacts with everything else but that doesn't really tell me HOW they interact, is it going to eat it or is it going to hide in it or is it going to trip over it what is going on? How does a tourtise interact with a coyote are they going to fight or what? This has lead to me just putting down everything plant and animal wise and seeing what survives in a survival of the fittest sort of scenario which I guess is true to life : POne other thing I'd really love to see is some sort of history as to what happened while you were away 3 months. I come back and all animals in my biome are dead other than insects it would be nice to see how or why certain creatures are no longer around. I'm left guesing, did the carinvores eat all the herbivores then starve or did the herbivores survive then over populate and starve death or what? There are no bodies, no evidence, but surely a research assistant was around watching this happen can't I get some kind of report on what is going on while I'm away?I think the game has a lot of room to improve and I hope the developers continue to do so, as it stands it seems more like an early access game than a full title. Perhaps developers can open up the game to modding and allow them to be hosted on Steam, then players can add their own animals and improve sound effects and graphics, works for Skyrim why not Tyto Ecology  ? :  )"
76561197962973671,Recommended,453750,23154508,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Past0ri,"Addictive piece of work this one. A nature simulator which let you create your own ecosystem in grassland, desert or rainforest. The game starts with one small zone with no content. Then you use your ""energy"", which accumulates over time, to place flora and fauna. More zones are available, up to five, to buy with ""Tyto coins"", which are also used to unlock more plant- and wildlife. These coins come from unlocking achievements and on a weekly basis. I enjoyed the peaceful pace the game has, but you can also increase the speed a little (energy accumulates very slow). Plantlife also expands on their own on-game and off-game, as well as the inhabitants in the animal territories decrease or increase (you have to carefully plan not to have too many carnivores in a zone, or too few insects for insectivores etc). Also it is important to have certain number of decomposing elements and pollinators. I almost learned something here, geez.Something to tweak (imo):No birds, and fish are just generic fish pre-placed on water.More biomes, tundra and regular forest would be niceY U NO BEARS?!Bobcats are op, 2 of them massacred like 7 herbivore communities and several other carnivores sharing same territory.The whole gameplay area gets crowded even with full zones, bigger mammals really need their lebensraum.Oh, and rats can eat a tree. Like whole."
,Recommended,453750,22467023,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,Actually a lot of fun and will teach you a few things. It's worth the price for a sim game to waste some time on. It's not that deep but is very engaging.
76561197990070543,Not Recommended,453750,23215228,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,sharpy,"Edit : Ok after feedback from the Devs i've gone back and taken another look.Pro's :Devs that are really responsive to thier users.Mushrooms! Unlike some other spawns the mushrooms appear randomly around the biome within the spawn radius.A good veriety of creatures and plants etc.Camera is better after 1.6 update.Con's :Static spawns such as butterflies. I guess it would be very resource intensive to have hundreds of individual butterflies but the current alernative seems to be a small cloud that just stay it the spawn point.Poor AI. I find it annoying to place some plants and herbivores and then a single carnivore and then sit and watch as the carnivore strolls around the group of prey and they dont respond at all. Shouldnt they try to hide in vegitation or at least try to move away from the predator?Water looks terrible even on the highest setting. Its like a slightly animated oily mirror.Lastly and this is just my personel preference but the pace is just so slow with little to keep me interested. I want to like the game but i get bored very quickly. Dont assume i dont have patience either... I just stopped playing a virtual cactus growing game!For me it needs a lot more to keep me interested. Maybe more stats and data on your biomes and inhabitants. Better AI would make the interactions between creatures more interesting. Maybe speed up the ability to unlock more stuff early on to add more variety. I like that you need to work for progression but early game its to slow to keep me interested.So in summary, i looked again after the 1.6 update and although the camera control is a big improvement i'm sorry to say i still cant recommend this game as it just isnt something i want to play yet.I will look at the game again after more updates.[Old Review]I didnt like it. I usually love this type of game but this just left me feeling very bored and disappointed. Graphics are pretty poor and need more and smoother animations. Gameplay isnt there yet either as you place a few plants and then plant eaters and throw in a carnivore or 2 and then sit back and wait.... and wait.... and wait... and ok i'm bored. Yes the foxes eat the rabbits and the rabbits eat the plants and the insects/worms do the biodegradable what not but what do i do... its boring...Sorry not for me."
76561198107946153,Recommended,453750,22520052,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,noshameever,"Fairly fun, loving the concept. Overall, I am really enjoying this game. Seems balanced, and is actually running fairly decently on my potato.That being said, I am running into a very annoying issue with the mouse. Everytime I go to place any producer/consumer/decomposer, the mouse becomes very floaty, sometimes moving in directions entirely on its own. The mouse returns to normal soon after I exit the placing mode, and just go into view mode (or any other mode for that matter). Not sure if this is optimization issue, or issue with my potato."
,Recommended,453750,33210220,Posted: 3 July,all,isanotha1,after playing this game for a long while it does tend to get repetative but over all the concept of the game and how complex you can make the eco systems makes this game a yes. it is worth the low price it is to buy it.
,Recommended,453750,22422224,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,xShadowsaur,"A rough yet charming game. It's basically a massive interactive terrarium where, by maintaining the ecosystem, you get funding to further populate it with flora, fauna and fungi. The game is simple, to the point, charming and has the appeal of any game you check on daily and tweak. It's like an aquarium you can run around in, essentially.Of course, it is not without downsides:- Rather poor graphics- Inability to change controls- Limited options and description of what is going on (I'd like to know what the animals are doing)- Slow scrolling- Lots of waiting- Lots of trial and errorIf you don't mind these issues then this game deserves a serious look at. I honestly find it very appealing."
76561198005609675,Recommended,453750,22540840,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Garrus,"First off, this game isn't an edge of your seat, action packed game... which you should have been able to tell from the title. If you liked Zoo Tycoon, Sim Park, or any of those other old wildlife simulation titles... be prepared for a bit of a nostalgia trip.The gameplay is failry straightforward. you start with an empty biodome. At present, there are three to choose from- Desert, Grassland, and Rainforest. The Desert biodome is based on the American Mojave Desert (for those FO: NV fans reading this, NO there is not an option to include radioactive mutated wildlife), and the Grasland biodome is based on the Great Plains of the United States. The Rainforest biodome, in contrast, is based on the Amazon rainforest of South america.Once you choose a Biodome to work with- and you can have multiple biodomes at once- it is your job to create a functioning ecosystem. Word of advice- start by unlocking as many plants as you can first, as you start with a pollinator and there is no way to ""make space"" for new plants later on. Also, it will make keeping you dome healthy easier in both the short and long run. Reproduction is handled simply but realisticly, in the sense that while there are no mating animations, the time periods and litters are scaled to their real-world time periods as much as possible. This, combined with the lack of gore, makes the game very kid friendly and educational. A predator will kill prey by simply running up to them and delivering a quick bite. No blood is involved.Importantly, you only start with a single section of your biodome available for use; you must unlock the other areas through use of ingame ""tyto tokens"" which are earned at the end of every ingame week. You CANNOT purchase these coins- you must earn them, and the number of coins you earn is based on the health and biodiversity of your biodome. There is no pay to win feature here. Incidentally, these coins are also how you unlock new species to place in your biodome. Also important to note, animal territories that extend into another section of the biodome can and will take resources from the section they extend into. Place your territories carefully.Other than these tips, I will leave you to discover the fun by yourself. The game is fun and relaxing, and can be enjoyed at your own pace. The developers are VERY interactive with their community, and problems are answered propmtly and quickly. One quick thing- ""Tyto"" happens to be the genus name forTyto alba, the barn owl. The game is called Tyto Ecology, and your inagme avatar is a cute little robot called the owlbot. Do the math. ;)"
,Recommended,453750,34305371,Posted: 17 August,all,SquidIII,"Tyto Ecology isn't for everyone, you either love it, or you hate it. That's why recommending this is hard, because though I quite enjoy it, I can completely see why someone else would think it's bad. The bottom line is, if you're the type that get's bored easily and can't enjoy slower paced games, this probably won't appeal to you, this isn't action packed and generally the satisfaction you'll get from it is from watching the flora/fauna interactions and watching a biome succeed. However, conversely if you like antfarms and played around with bugs like I did as a kid, this will be a real treat, it's fun adding more and more plants and animals and seeing how they affect the overall ecosystem and diagnosing the problems as they come. If that sounds boring to you, it may just be, and perhaps this game may not be for you.I really like this game, but being honest, it's a niche product and like I said, not for everyone. However, if you think this game is for you, I'll say this, it's good, really good in fact, and may be the only game that has ever quite scratched this itch. The graphics and animations are simple, but they're never illegible and serve their purpose nicely. Their is good variety and I quite like the progression systems. The community is also really cool, it's filled with a bunch of other nerds, who are really knowledgeable about this stuff, the devolopers are also incredibly involved with the community, if you ask them a question, you are almost guarenteed a reply from them. All in all, it's really fun and I enjoy it, but buyers beware, research the product before purchase, or you may just end up with a game that fundamentally doesn't appeal to you."
76561198114776129,Recommended,453750,23810974,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Archen,I tried to make functioning eco systems on zoo tycoon and now I have a game where I can
,Recommended,453750,25199136,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,indigowulf,"This game isn't for everyone. It's for people who love to watch Nature work, and get your hands (virtually) dirty!If you want excitement, intrigue, romance... not for you. If you want to balance a delicate ecosystem with some of your favorite creatures, watch Nature in a relaxing setting, and get some amazing screenshots, this is for you!There's nothing to shoot. There's no dialog. Just a world you help create and manage that is relaxing and beautiful.Warning: balancing that ecosystem may be more challanging than you expect! You may stay up all night playing!"
,Recommended,453750,22433732,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,smokauweeds,"Good concept.decent gamplay.few things need fixed\altered.*needs better optimizing. as others have said, it really starts to work your gpu. i just got a fatal error crash. ( i have a gtx980)*would like to ba able to change the key layout.*would like to be able to rotate the camera when placing objects.(not really a game breaker)*maybe some better textures. (whats with the bees?)* oh yeah, and optimize the game! i got a fatal error crash 3 hrs in.( i may have mentioned that already?)Thats about all i can think of right now.I do recommend the game...maybe after an update."
,Recommended,453750,29920147,Posted: 14 February,all,!Astungkara,When education meets fun. Here you can learn the nature cycle packed in a relaxing simulation game.
76561198288539565,Recommended,453750,23684465,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,mbiggiani,"This is one of the most realistic ecology simulators I have ever played. It teaches players about looking ahead to see the consequences of their actions. If even one thing is out of balance, the whole ecosystem will collapse, which is just like real life. The devs are also really helpful. When you post a bug, they get back the exact same day almost every single time. They are very friendly, unlike in other games where the devs are mean and refuse to accept your advice.Right now, the game is just a seed with so much potential to grow. The more people that play this game, report bugs, and share their screenshots, the more that seed grows into a beautiful tree. So what are you waiting for? Become a part of the Tyto Ecology community today."
,Recommended,453750,23453568,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Neemulus,"So... I've had a bit of a crack at this and so far I like it.- dropped plants and vegetation- added mice and antelope- they eat my plants- add bobcats to 'curb' the population- add bees to pollinate and propogate plants- add tortoise, armadillo's and a few others... for variety - all goes well...before long...- mice are everywhere- all plants eaten meaning everything (except mice) are dead or dying- deploy snakes to curb the mouse population- quickly drop as much vegetation as possible- add more bees- mice decimate bee population- add more snakes to try to calm the little chaps down- snakes dont' eat quickly enough- delpoy the heavies - the badger - to try to control mice- badgers doing their job, but its a long healing process... :(9/10 - would employ badger mercenaries again.(cougars waiting in the wings in case badgers get full of themselves)"
76561198288446959,Recommended,453750,23273022,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ruthsophieb,"+ nice simulation game, similar to zoo tycoon+ lots of real life information, very educational+ 3 different biomes to try out- I feel like there could have been crazier or more challenging achievements- I'd love bigger biomes than this cake-thing, I like to build big- not a lot of information on the interactions in the game/ tutorial is very basic- not a lot of content, actuallyhowever: it's also quite cheap. So in proportion, that's okay.I like it and it can be quite addictive but I don't think I'll spend too much time on it."
76561198059031285,Recommended,453750,23392875,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Pearson_Realize,"I have been waiting for a game where you can make and destroy your own ecosystems and my prayers were answered. This game is cheap, and it is new so I expect more reptiles, biomes, graphics, animations, better ai, and more realsitic hunting in the near future. This is very slow paced game, the game that you have minimized while you play Minecraft or something. I like watching youtube on my ipad while playing this. A large majority of the bad reviews on this game are from 11 year olds who got it just to watch jaguars kill deer and didnt bother reading anything about it.Pros-Realistic designs-Relaxed gameplay-Controls are easy-You can set how much your biome changes while you are gone (YAY)-Devs are very helpful and open to suggestions-No crashes and runs smoothlyCons-Lack of many animals (crocodiles, lizards, more reptiles, fish and insects mostly)-graphics are not modern (devs talk about updating them)-Animals walk up to another and it dies, I would like more realistic behavior-Some of the good animals/plants take alot of coins to getI recommend this game if you like animals and are fascinated with nature, also be aware of the bad graphics and the supreme lack of content (for now.) The price will likely go up to atleast 10$ when the game gets more content and better ai.Suggestions-More reptiles (crocodillians, more snakes, lizards, and turtles)-More animals in general-More realistic behavior (stalking prey in vegetation, chasing prey and running, intimidating other animals etc.)-Graphics could be a alot better-More biomes (Not dlc please)At its current state I give it a 7/10 simply because of the lack of content. When more updates are patched I will review the game more thoughly and when I have more timed clocked on too."
,Recommended,453750,28057030,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,楼至韦驮,I want to Nominate this for The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award🐰
,Recommended,453750,22444059,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"First (Sort of, I'd played a bit before) Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/ByTQcfe0X1ATyto Ecology is a simulation game about building a sustainable ecosystem. It also happens to be rather enjoyable.The players job is to place plants and animals so that they don't all die a terrible death. This happens to be more complex then you would think (unless you happen to be an ecologist. Then it's about as complex as you would think). It's all about getting the right ratios. As you build your ecosystem you get coins that allow you to purchase new types of plants and animals to add (i.e. use to destroy) to your ecosystem.The gameplay takes a while to play out. An in game day is maybe (educated guess) ten minutes sped up. However, the game does continue when you turn the game off. your ecosystem will continue to flourish (fat chance) when you leave. You can set the maximum amount of time that is allowed to pass between play sessions, and that acts to decide the difficulty of the game.Overall, I've really enjoyed Tyto Ecology so far. I've slaughtered healthy Jackrabbit populations with Bobcats and then slaughtered the Bobcats in the name of balancing the ecosystem. For some reason I feel rather evil... well, it's all in the name of progress. If you like slow paced simulations, or enjoy watching ant farms (this game is like a massive, far more interesting ant farm), then check this game out. It'll be right up your alley."
76561198038866295,Recommended,453750,23372608,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Brulis [Qc],"Awesome little game, lots of potential.Watching our little animals going on, trying to survive, getting killed by our predators and hopping for this biodomes to survive as long as possible.... Its simply awesome.Cheap price, great game, lots of hour to go for me.(If your fan of those kind of game, where you don't really need to do so much, watching the life goes by themself, then I recommend you this game)Ps. Sorry, I know im not the best for review :D"
76561198386979806,Recommended,453750,32091803,Posted: 31 May,all,daryaviles,"This is a great game and it's really fun but there's one problem that I have with it, while I was playing in the rainforest biome I logged out after buying a new section and when I logged back on all of my plants were gone. I tried several times to get the plants back but no matter what I did they would not come back. I know the animals didnt eat all of the plants because there were trees that the animals could not reach."
76561198127429212,Recommended,453750,28958648,Posted: 2 January,all,rebeccathepuppy,This game is really fun. And the detailing is really nice so you can zoom in on all the animals and actually know what they are.
,Recommended,453750,23427651,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,CommieKiller,This game is great for people who only have a short amount of time to play or just want to relax. The soothing music and cute graphics also add to the game making it even more enjoyable.  The only problem is that the start can get boring only have a limmited amount of speices. Overal its a great game
76561198010164992,Recommended,453750,23414229,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Joe,"Now im actually not very much into ecology or biology, but i like tycoon and sim kinda games, which is what drew me in. I also like the type of game that plays while youre away, as it is a good way to occupy your mind while still doing constructive things (IE: It doesnt feel as boring to do the dishes, if you know your ecosystem is doing its stuff aswell).What kept me in the game was, after working through the tutorial and the beginning, which felt quite slow, i ended up having fun trying to properly integrate predators into my ecosystem and trying to find the balance between herbivores, plants and detritus. The animations can be abit lackluster, but as far as i understand from reading other threads on this forum, this game is still being worked on?The biodex is fantastic. It gives you alot of infomation of which you have to find out what applies in your ecosystem and what doesnt. It feels alot like a helpful handbook, which you also end up learning from.It also complements just watching the animals behaviour, as to learn what they tend to eat and do, in your specific ecosystem.It took me about 5 hours to unlock everything for the jungle biome, withouth integrating any predators yet, and there are 4 biomes, so thats roughly 20 hours of straight up progression before youve seen it all, and again, thats without having gotten anything good to actually work yet."
76561198079005744,Recommended,453750,23426380,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cowday,"It isn't something your suppose to get supper excited over but it is fun. Yeah the qaulity isn't great but its not very expensive either, it was mean to teach people. All i know is its good i liked play poor qaulity graphic games and still do because i love the speed it runs at im not someone whos picky about looks.- they should also add in an aquarium area in the ecosystem selections so we can see how underwater ecosystems work, or just learn more about it."
,Recommended,453750,25338201,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,hannahlikescats,"I personally love this game. The name and the gameplay videos is what orignally sparked my interest. I, as a budding environmental scientist, love being able to create my own ecosystem from scratch. Sometimes I purposely make my ecosystems ♥♥♥♥♥♥ just to be able to fix them up later. Another thing I like about this game is that there is a 3-month in-game cap on off-game grinding. If it was unlimited I would definitely be fixing up some really, really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ecosystems.However I do not like how slowly it takes to rack up coins. Every so often you get a little 10ish coin allowance based on how your ecosystem is doing. The timelapse of the game is pretty slow too, even while on fast-forward mode. The graphics are also kind of iffy. The ecosystem starts off a little cramped at first but you can buy expansions with your coin allowance.But overall, if you enjoy ecology and would want to manage your own ecosystem, this is the game for you. I personally love it and enjoy making ecosystems."
76561198047158595,Recommended,453750,23563429,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Son of Kyuss,"A low-input simulator featuring real flora and fauna.  These days you get what you pay for, that is for sure here.  This is best used as an educational tool as there is a good bit of text on each species and how it relates to the community.  Its best to check in on the game and make the few adds you can and log out to let the game progress offline.  Waiting for time to pass otherwise is like watching paint dry.  You can only input species.  You cannot remove/move/manipulate anything.  The graphics are bad.  There is little info as to how your score is affected, etc.  Don't expect an in-depth sim.  I recommend it as an educational tool."
,Recommended,453750,22640289,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wadena,"It`s all about balancing nature in this game/simulator. No stress, take your time and make the perfect biome. It`s like have a private zen garden to play around in!Could use some additional features like:- Ambient sounds.- Weather.- Quests (optional).- Decorations (logs, rocks, waterfalls, etc.).- Aquatic life (fish, otters, seaweed, mulch, etc.).- Better animations.- More detailed wildlife (symbiotic relations between species).- More wildlife.- Birds.- Improved ground textures.The above list is more of a ""wish list"" and will probably be fixed trough updates and DLC`s. I`d be happy to pay for more features and support the game/simulator that way! This is already a great educational software, but it can be improved a lot with more realistic animal/insect relations etc..If you want to teach your kid about how nature, animals and ""the circle of life"" all works together this is a great start!"
76561198320871687,Recommended,453750,25701832,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,IamPokeyJoey,"what anamazing game but i have some sugggestions. NEW biomes!!! 1. early days, add mammoths  and sltothes. 2. Artic biome 3. ocean biome 4. ADD PLACEBLE FIsh. THose are just suggestions you don't have to take them though. LOVE YOUR GAME"
,Recommended,453750,22435345,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mr_Finnie_Mac,"I really like this game, it's simple, intuitive and easy to use. But........I really don't like the 'Owlbot' thing, It's anoying I'd rather just a click and scroll free cam, please add this as an option?! :D 7/8!"
76561198316850020,Recommended,453750,26423827,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Assasin_360,"Tyto ecology is quite a simple but fun game to play, watching your biomes prosper or die.this game is really fun to play but of course there is always space for improvements ut if you follow the discussion page on this game you can see that the developers are always taking in ideas and creating a better everything in gameAlthough this game is fun to play, your progress sure goes slowly when you start since you have to wait for more plants to grow, animals to reproduce, babies to mature, so it ends up in a lot of waiting. But after getting in to the game unlocking more animals,plants and areas the game really begins to move faster as you decorate and plan were things will go on your biome"
76561198079112062,Recommended,453750,22557360,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,cdjk.bennett,"THANK you DEVS for continuing to work on this project.  I love this Game / Theme / Niche.  I have to be honest ... I was a bit worried when the Graphics got ""slashed"" in favor of FPS  ... BUT ... so Proud ... that's right, Proud of ya'll for being so proactive, for listening AND ... excited about the upcomming update to Graphics.  Way to go and Congrats on a very nice game!   Well done!Loving Tyto Ecology !!!"
76561198203774860,Recommended,453750,23619196,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FRODOJESUS,"Overall I think this game has a lot of potential, i've sunk like 13 hours into it and i have enjoyed it quite a lot, it is pretty easy to grasp, and althoughg it may be slow i find it to be very relaxing. Some shortcomings i have found so far (all of which can be easily rectified) is the lacck if animals, and the lack of biomes, other than that I think it has a lot of potential and well worht the 10 dollars i spent on it (dlc included)."
76561198267234358,Recommended,453750,28249802,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,✪ ExZzist#1TapzOnly,The game is pretty cool nice and amazing! Lots of fun but after u get everything it gets  a bit boreing. So play it beacuse its fun at first and mabey you will fall in love with it.Worth The Money
76561198065494458,Recommended,453750,26755755,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Gimick,A pleasant distraction  6/10On the whole I quite like this.  The concept is different and its execution is fair.  Graphically it doesn't really come up to scratch but it is a game I can run while I do housework chores or cook dinner.  Sometimes I feel like pottering around the garden and this is the digital equivalent.  I hope that it continues to develop because its got potential to be quite good.
76561198051025525,Recommended,453750,27830655,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[Daos]BLACK KNIGHT,very interesting ideea and pretty fun game
76561198178863203,Recommended,453750,22551587,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,darthz42,"If you love sandbox games, this is a decent choice for the price. Would still recommend purchasing on sale if possible.The good:ANIMALS EVERYWHEREBaby animals!Customize the environment!Observe predator-prey relationships!The bad:Adding predators quickly will wipe out all of your herbivores :c Predators eat CONSTANTLY.Must constantly return to game or the game will not continue past a month of in game time.Spamming plants is boring.6/10"
76561198140257724,Recommended,453750,26321829,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mimer,"So, you just place colonies of plants and animals and watch them prosper or die out, and get ""XP"" each month based on biodiversity. Pretty simplistic game. For the price, I do recommend it, but there's a lot of room for improvement. I would have preferred more/better features even if that would have changed the price. Just a short list of things that could have been better:Graphics. They are OK. They could have been beautiful.Sounds.Energy system (planting something drains energy that slowly trickle back). It just adds waiting times. I don't see the point in it at all. Waiting/idling is not good in a game.There are no layers for vegetation. So if you place grass, you can't place bushes or trees there.Grass is not available in all biodomes (the ground is still green though).Placing vegetation is sometimes tricky, could have been made a lot better to get thicker vegetation. I don't see the benefit in placing 6 tufts of grass in fixed location rather than sowing an area, specially since those 6 tufts share ""HP"".Biodomes are a bit small even if you unlock more stages. But then again, the energy system makes it a chore to fill even one.Controls are...well, they are OK, but could have been better. I mostly find myself getting an aerial view of things and staying there.Filtering system, more than the basic plant/animal/detritus remover.So again, at the price, yeah I recommend it. But I do wish for a better game."
76561198097930789,Recommended,453750,22537806,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,deborah.simon91,"Adorable, and very interesting concept. Downside though, I think that the in-game time passes too slowly and you have to wait a looong time for your biome to become really interesting.Anyway, this game is really fun and educational. Love it!"
,Recommended,453750,24047735,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ThomasKunz,"It is very interesting to play, as I learn a lot about the interaction of species along. Insects are very important, I wish there would be more of them in the game."
,Recommended,453750,30562945,Posted: 16 March,all,akeuta,"This is a great game but there is one thing that I am very concerned about. I just bought the Himalayas DLC, and apparently I cannot create a Himalayas Biodome? Why is this? I've tried multiple times to get it to work, but it won't. Also, another massive issue: It won't let me create any biodomes other than my first one. I created a desert biodome, because it was the only one I was allowed to make. Now when I try to make other biodomes it says ""buy now on Steam"". I payed for this game and in turn only got to use the desert biodome. That's why I thought buying the Himalayas would help. Also, it will not let me rotate the camera. No matter how many times I right click and turn it just will not work. How do I fix this? Please help! I'm really sad because whenever I go to create a new biodome all of them have locks and won't let me. Help! What do I do?"
76561198392250959,Recommended,453750,33840989,Posted: 27 July,all,Suzi The Biologist,"Very glitchy . But it will be amazing if my laptop was more high quality.     I do recommend it if you have a good laptop tho.     Overall great design, and graphics.    Hope to get it in the future and it looks like great fun."
76561198096056718,Recommended,453750,22619641,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,vonKönigzmarck,"I have not found any other game like this. It's easy, and interesting enough to make it fun. But most of all, it's educating!First it was made for tablets I think, so the graphics are quite mediocre on pc. I have not encountered any bugs.Currently there are three biomes, desert, plains and rainforest. All with their own ecosystem.  I hope the game will be expanded. Woodland should be added, boreal forest, and the subarctic too. But that is only my wishes.BIG + for the excellent price!And another BIG + to the developers for making this game!And another BIG + if they continue to work on this game."
,Recommended,453750,23463481,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ambient Waves,"I like this game, I've only played for 0.7 hours but I fear that this will change so fast...that 0.7 is going to jump to 7+ hours. It's slow and requires a lot of micromanagement of the ecosystem and the population of it. The tutorial is rather basic I wish it would teach you a bit more about everything in general, but we all can pick on one thing from the game we like. Now for the true review.~My Enjoyment~10/10~Review~Tyto Ecology teaches you a good amount of stuff about the enviroment and how everything works together to create a perfectly working ecosystem, it teaches you the roles of every animal what they will eat and so forth. It's a bit slow but then again every sandbox game starts off slow but after a while the game get a little bit faster into micromanagement mode where you will be on your toes trying to keep it managing.~Features I liked~I liked the fact in game setting you can adjust the looks of everything, the UI of the program/game is clear and simple where you are able to find everything you need, I really enjoy how you can use a setting that when you exit the game time will continue and your ecosystem will play out for the amount of time you're gone. It's a wonderful machanic to add to the game, as everytime you come back it might be chaos or better.I really suggest you do get this game, It's amazing."
76561198085914217,Recommended,453750,23429124,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Stationtostation,"Here's a complete comprehensive review of the game Tyto EcologyThis is hands down one of the greatest simulation games I've ever played to date. With over 2.5K hours logged in three different games I think it's safe to say that Tyto Ecology is the next Goat Simulator of the steam market. I highly recommend this game to friends, family, and co-workers. This game guides you to creating and establishing your very own ecosystem, what's not to love?9/10 Game of the Century."
,Recommended,453750,22888950,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rakingcake,Fun little game. for anyone new to steam I recomend that you get this game. It is verry cheap and  it is verry simplistic. You animals/plants into a biodome and try to manage them so nothing goes extinct. It is fun to unlock the new animals and also verry satisfying. (sorry I cant spell) Over all I highly recomend this game it is verry fun!
76561198067828426,Recommended,453750,22789792,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tanzia,"I admit my experience was short lived on the game. I can appreciate the content and depth.What I did not care for:-The tutorial is vague, for once I would of prefered a bit more.-The camera movement was annoying - either eye level or zoomed out to the point things are markers. Personally want a middle ground.- I expect nature to look more than ""ok"". I rarely care about graphics and usually prefer depth but given the topic it's very lack luster. I didn't feel immersed in the experience like I'd hoped.-Lack of animation, my jackrabbits hop or lay on their sides with ""Zzzz"" to indicate sleeping. I want to see animals 'do their thing' day to day and night to night.-Agree with another reviewer, sound lacking, I don't like game music much... I want ambience. Wind, bird chipping, whatever else that is suitable.What worked:Content for bios is very good, I found the vegatation and animals to choose from rather good.Animal and plant information is good - enough to inform but not bore you to tears.The dev's ARE very active with the game and their community.The price is too low if anything, you do get your money's worth.Updates are coming for some of the issues I had.I've changed my mind and will recommend the game. While I refunded this purchase, I CAN picture myself re-buying it at some point and being more satified.I apologize for my previously over harsh review, was a bad night. And I commend the dev's for their quick and HONEST response."
76561198135950250,Recommended,453750,23146904,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Everybody in Uganda,"Only bout 3 hours of playing so can't tell the best review,but I am telling one anyways. Gonna be using pros and cons so that I don't have to do that much writing :P (doing 5 per so its fair)Pros:1.If this game were out a year earlier,I would have had a unit of Biology already learned2.Making having to come back every hour,hoping everythings alive fun(when they are all alive)3.Autoclick and clicking the Bobcat makes it sound loud and demonic4.Cheap,usually games go for over $10 while this was $75.Developers are really open to suggestions,and talking every bit of feedbackCons:1.It is a early on game,so content is not insanely huge as of now2.Having to live with hoping your Mice and still alive when you get back on3.VERY slow. For things to reproduce,it can take from 50-369 days. While predators eat every about 3 minutes when sped up.(one day sped up is about 30 secs?)4.My yellow foot turtles eat like they are starving,and my Bobcats don't seem to want to eat them. Also,a Cougar would rather eat a mouse than a Antelope. So in short,the AI is not exactly the best.(but again,new game)5.Lastely,not enough Dodos.The Devs are really great and this game is quite addicting once you start along with it being cheapish. So,hope this review helped in the slimmest of ways. Also,I bet no one read this far,congrats if ya did :P"
,Recommended,453750,28131737,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tasty Pickles,"Amazing game, simply fantastic.11/10 Would Animalize AgainP.S.Great devs too"
,Not Recommended,453750,29640407,Posted: 1 February,all,THE DOG and Friends,"I was bored one day and I decided to scroll through YouTube on animal games (because I do that,) and I came across someone named ""Seri! Pixel Biologist!"" play 22 minutes of this game. I watched her gracefully put plants down in her ""biodome"" and I said, ""Hey! I can do that too!""So after 2.9 hours of playthrough I have disliked at most.1- It's more like a mobile phone game to check on every once in a while to see if your biodme is doing OK rather than a full-paid PC game.2- After you unlock everything, it's more boring than watching an episode from EvanTubeHD.3-  It's way too easy! I was having a population problem with mule deer and agoutis once. I just had to buy a cougar, place it down, viola! 99% of my problems has dissapeared faster than my faith on humanity.4- There really is no point of the game. I know a lot of other sandbox games have no point either, but some are much better than watching your animals thrive to the point that 100% of the population is only deer mice!5- The most important thing I have to complain about this.So important the developers will immediately put it into the game.It is...They put every simple animal you can think of, and not fennec foxes.I really tried to enjoy this game, I really did! But it's too simple and easy. And I like simple and easy games! The only aspect of the game I like is wolves, bobcats, and ocelots. That's it. Wolves, bobcats, and ocelots.Edit: I found out that the developers are a little childish and will ban you from the discussions if you criticize their game in public. Oops.Edit edit: I was originally going to put reccomend. Sadly, I saw how many cons outweighed my pros, so I had to put ""Don't reccomend."" But it must be seen to be believed. I hope there was a ""maybe reccomend"" button."
76561198329503657,Recommended,453750,29706030,Posted: 4 February,all,snowywolf622,"I spent almost 20$ on all the extentions and the game. I play for 1.9 hours and then it stops working. It was an okay game in the (Almost) 2 hours I spent on it. Though, if it works it's a pretty cool game. Told my science teacher about and she uses it sometimes now to teach."
76561198021433803,Recommended,453750,22565855,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Donald Trump The Leaf,"How this game has a single negative review I do not know. For a small price you get a ridiculous amount of gameplay, which is both casual and complex. Honestly, you could spend hours working out what combine with what (which will be different every time due to some element of randomness) or stick the game on and every so often check your biome whilst you're doing other things.DID I MENTION THE DEVS? I've yet to ever see a game that the developers have been so hands on. Check the discussionabout the game to see the sheer amount of corrospondence they've been giving to everyone, definitely a massive positive! And it's also being constantly updated. Cannot wait to see how amazing this already amazing game becomes.Solid 10/10If you're wanting a little taster of this game before you purchase there's the tutorial and a letsplay series here -https://www.youtube.com/user/FudgeTheGiraffe"
76561198132289841,Recommended,453750,22633320,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fairy of the North,"it's not an intense game, but it's interesting.it's chill and you'll be hooked in watching your biome thrive.i just wish that:- better tab for what to place; the current way is so much of a hassle- more options on what to place and more complicated ones- a grid marker or something on placing things, especially plants- a bird's eyeview option, not as high as the one already existing- there's an ""click the notification"" and it will signal where this organisms are"
76561198188305394,Recommended,453750,23392335,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mac,I enjoy it already; and the game has a lot of potential. A great educational resource that I hope is made to be even more scientifically accurate while also introducing new elements through frequent DLC releases. We can only hope. Also being able to see more statistics and a changing enviroment like the natural dispertion of plants by seeds via wind and animals. the changing of moving bodies of water from soil erosion due to loss of plant life. Just because large increments of Time are included as achievements.
76561198079719178,Recommended,453750,24764100,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,insane.tobi,"If you ever looked outside, saw how nature did things and thought 'I could probably do better than that, nature. You suck at your job.', then this is the game for you :PIn all seriousness, though. I didn't regret buying it, even though I have a relatively firm grasp on how ecosystems work. It also lets you experiment with things you really, really shouldn't do in actual nature. Unleash hordes of rabbits on an unsuspecting grassland. Release the hounds (or something close enough) on your biome to spice things up, or to cut down on the aforementioned rabbits. Find out how long it takes 50 groups of rabbits to starve to death after they ate everything even remotely plant shaped. Or try to find just the right balance between plants, herbivores and carnivores to let nature take its course without everyone starving in the long run.There is a tutorial for the basics, but the art of creating a biodome that essentially works on its own is something that requires a lot of learning, experimenting and, most likely, failure. You can have a lot of fun tinkering with your biome, or just flying over it and watch the various animals do their thing, or literally watch the grass grow. As for the pacing... this is not really a game you play full time - your biome will not really need you too often, unless things are solidly out of balance. I find there is more to do when a biome starts out, as I try to arrange all my plants to some degree. Once life is placed, it is out of your control. Plants will flower, fruit and reproduce on their own, animals will go and eat their way through the foilage or their fellow species... Leave it on while you do things that are not your homework, or check in between sessions of other games as the devs suggested. If you want to micromanage every aspect of your biome, you might be disappointed. However, if you have an interest in nature and enjoy seeing (or seeking) the small changes since you last visited your biome, then I really recommend buying."
,Recommended,453750,22483703,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lord Pally,"I do like this game, and if your into the ""Circle Of Life"" you may really like it too.  I do think it needs a few important animals added for example ""Birds"" which not only help control the population of some animals, can spread seeds of plants.  Also the ultimate animal should be human, and to see if we are able to balance that is the ultimate goal.  I think as for biodomes needed to be added could be ""Ocean"", ""Forrest"", ""Everglades - Swamps"" and any animal that would fit within those realms.  All in all its a great game, and if they do keep adding to it might make it into a really good teaching tool for those trying to teach the new generations our place in the world cycle."
76561198140431394,Recommended,453750,25188714,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Millerrex,Very good game! i would love to see an african grassland biodome!
76561198084501114,Recommended,453750,22482403,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Richard M. Nixon,"So this game, Tyto Ecology, is amazing. For anyone who likes tycoons, and managing their own playstyle, this is the game for you. I enjoy the balancing aspect to the game very much. Mainly because if you mess up, it all goes down the drain, but if you dont mess up, your effort is rewarded. I dislike the unavaiblility of Steam Mods/Workshop Creations, but this is all due to funding issues. Once this game gets off its feet, there is no stopping!-Michael"
,Recommended,453750,24481236,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,jessicaraeyoung,"This is a nice game to have when you are in for a rainy day or something along those lines.This game doesn't take much attention, so it is quite a nice game to have running or in the background while you're doing some other activities.The game has a good layout base for the game style. When you zoom in on the animals, the look of the animals is detailed enough that you can tell what the animal is supposed to be; however, it still maintains a cartoonish appearance that won't eat up your entire computer processing system.Thsi game is also nice, due to the fact that it doesn't have a set way in which the game must be done. You can have a biodome made up of mostly herbivores if that is what you want. The biodome does not require you to even have carnivores within the ecosystem.This game has immense possibilities that the user can play around with. Highly recommend."
76561198099416467,Recommended,453750,30122408,Posted: 23 February,all,moony31,"I've really enjoyed this game so far, if your as much as a ecology nerd such as myself you'll apreciate this game.Honestly love what they're doing and hope they continue to develop the game, for educational puposes or just for fun it's worth it from my opinion :)"
76561198280885331,Recommended,453750,30717221,Posted: 24 March,all,Salamnder Tree,A good eco builder. everyhing I wanted : )
76561198011816621,Not Recommended,453750,34223218,Posted: 13 August,all,[MwG] fyzzo,"The game has a good idea, but it's not teaching me in any way how to do a good biodome. Things just either get eaten up too fast or things spead over the whole landscape. Maybe I need to read up stuff outside of the game, but I have no motivation to do that. It's not a game you simply play and be successful. The overall control mechanisms and statistics about the biomes could be improved heavily as well.I'm just thinking I should be able to figure it out ""on the fly"", but maybe that's not intended. However, like this I can't really recommend it."
,Recommended,453750,22439417,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Monterico Gaming TV,Tyto Academy is just a great and simple idea to learn about balance within some different biodomes. I have only played the grasslands so far but the value is really great. They could easily ask for more just based on the detailed information you learn about each of the three area termed the circle of life in the game.Cons - Graphics could be better but the price is fitting.
,Recommended,453750,22423067,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Desert Cross Tortoise Fox (TF),"Im plesently suprised by this game, while at the time of this review I have only played for just over a hour I feel like I love this game. It's basicly about creating your own ecosystem and maintaining it. As someone interested in going into forestry or zoo keeping I feel I could beneft from this game heavily. If you interesting in real eco systems, how they work, or want to control one, I would highly recommend."
76561197994344833,Not Recommended,453750,22442807,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,dada,"Simple in every aspect. Don´t expect a complex simulation sandbox.A simple calculation of the food chain and it´s balance graphicly presented. Placing territorys in reach of needed foodsources, maintain a certain balance, unlock species through achievement coins.. beside the simple animations nothing really happens you could watch, while you wait for passing time. Controls are awful. Interface is sufficient. The educational content is the better part of this software, though no mechanic guides you through or links you to, and it is relatively basic as well.So, i would like to recommend this software, because i appreciate the genre and would like to see more, better and complex kind of this. But i barely would call this either simulation, game or well made. ..for me.Edit: Ok, now i feel a bit sorry for my negative vote, as i´ve done some research. I think it is important to make games not just fun, but also relevant for the player and the ""real"" world. So, i like to appreciate this project, but, assuming i´m just not the targeted audience for this game, there are still some aspects, which are especially important, if you focus (mainly) for kids to keep them entertained while motivate and facilitate research. So, i find it still not so well executed, yet.I would be fine with the progress of the game, if it wouldn´t be released as final game. Though, this might be due to ressource reasons.. So, i quarrel with myself, whether i should recommend and promote or rate and demand. :/"
76561198165729622,Recommended,453750,22415779,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,AlphaCommander42,It is a small but beautiful game with a gorgeous art style.Your task is to build an ecosystem and to take care of it. There are so many plants and animals you can select for different biomes. We need more games like this one.
,Recommended,453750,22416834,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,morph113,"I haven't played that much yet, but so far it feels like the game is worth it's price.You have to build a working eco system out of different kind of animals and plants, with everything serving it's purpose in the eco system. The beginning of the game seems easy. The difficulty will probably come once you have unlocked the whole dome (playable area) and filled it with all sorts of animals etc.I do like the music in this game. Although there doesn't seem to be a big variety in different background tracks (2-3?) they fit the game very well, are relaxing and don't feel like being forced onto you. The tracks remind me a bit of the tracks from Simcity 4 and City Skylines.However there are 2 downsides I would like to mention at the moment. There is little to no sound effects. Only when you click on an animal it will make it's distinctive sound and obviously normal mouseclicks on the interface make a sound. Other than that, you only hear the music playing.The animations and AI seem a bit strange at times. Sometimes you do see bobcats hunting and killing rabbits for example. But sometimes their hunger bar just fills while they are standing moveless at the border of the dome.Overall and due to a lack of alternatives, I would say the game is definitely worth the little price it costs."
76561198201587131,Recommended,453750,22947669,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,djcamp2003,AWSOME GAME BUT THERE SHOULD BE MORE BIOMES like mountion lake rivier and ocean and more animals like egales fish reptiles
76561198239856924,Recommended,453750,23014108,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,rjheller10,4 stars great game just needs biodomes for savannah and the ocean
,Recommended,453750,22459013,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ConsummateVs,"Significantly better than other games of this variety, and a nice change of pace to see a good indie game make it onto Steam. However, you'll have more fun dusting off your old copy of Spore.Recommended for people who like un'ironic' simulator titles or fans of other zoo games. Well worth your time if you fall into either category. I rate B+ overall."
76561198237201518,Recommended,453750,26279007,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,littlebrat95,fun for a bit  but after a while it really gets boring
76561198104268847,Recommended,453750,24903511,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,rhino350wynn,Very slow casual sim and you have to be in to those types of games but it's creative and gets pretty interesting when you're trying to figure out how to maintain balance in your biome.
76561198119595291,Recommended,453750,22596227,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,FIdel,"Tyto Ecology reminds me of the games like Zoo Tycoon or any other game where you control your very own community of wild life. I have to say if you do not have patience for a game that takes you through everyday of life in you habitat then this game might not be recommended for you. But if you are interested...You might look forward to this game.Remember when i said that this game waslikeZoo Tycoon i mean that it is exactly like it. now if you don't know what i'm talking about then i explain how fun both of them are at the same time. These games both give you your own world to control and your own animals, problems, and solutions. I'd have to say that these two games are a little bit different in difficulty. Tyto Ecology gives you more of a challenge them Zoo Tycoon(my opinion). In Zoo Tycoon you control a zoo and manage it so animals are seperated and humans are having fun and of coarse the finacail part of it. While Tyto Ecology is more open world and there is hardly any sepertation of animals just the food chain to follow and use to keep your place happy. It's cool in Tyto Ecology that you get to unlock more zones for more space by earning a currency to purchase stuff and it really one play through can get you through a year of time or more!10/10 would play this game over and over again!"
,Recommended,453750,30508870,Posted: 14 March,all,Frankie,a frustrating experience in the mortality of virtual rabbits (RIP)
,Recommended,453750,22573397,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Royale Lady,"I expected a bit more from this game.... It has lots and lots of potential. I'm looking for a game like Star Wars - Gungan Frontier Episode 1, that I can't play anymore, cause quicktime 3 can't be installed on new operating systems. I have to say Gungan Frontier was more advanced and more visual then this game. Maybe the developers can check Star Wars - Gungan Grontier out and try to immitate that game. I would be so thankfull for a look a like game into the store!"
,Recommended,453750,24541983,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Pielikey,"experience the circle of life in the lawless wasteland under the cover of the BIODOME! two species enter, one species leaves"
76561197960939300,Recommended,453750,23392552,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ozzie_Warrior,"Would be improved massively to not charge (T) coins to advance time - its becomes monotonous fast otherwise.With young minds they've disengaged way before they get to the learning and balancing elements, so becomes self defeating as a result.It's well done other than that, so please at least offer the option in the settings to not charge to advance time, or it starts to feel like a payware app on a mobile device."
,Recommended,453750,22784492,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,WTFoost,Loved it
76561198018910266,Recommended,453750,23111458,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Interesting game for some time, sometimes it may be hard to understand, and it should have more content, but its ok game I guess"
76561198186310750,Recommended,453750,24395986,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheCrackedCanon,Great game i would give it 9 prearie dogs out of 10 prearie dogswould be 10 if it didnt keep on resetting my progress when i unlock everything
76561198079279247,Recommended,453750,22417763,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Gorynvlad,"Tyto Ecology is a great sim game. The graphics are not astonishing but okay for this type of game. The balancing of the biomes is well done, and the game is fun to play."
,Recommended,453750,22416751,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tom,"I bought this game on a whim, and it is quite fun.Micromanaging biodomes sounded fun, and it is.Lacking features, but for the price at the moment, it is definitely worth picking up.A nice game to play casually and relax.However I would only give it about a 6/10 due to:Lack of voice acting in tutorials,Lack of animations - animals don't appear to eat eachother :(Lack of graphics settings and control options (And relatively low graphics by default).However I do have a relatively low play time ATM, so I haven't seen all this game has to offer. If these features were implemented plus some more game features I would totally give it a 10."
,Recommended,453750,22455932,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Graeme2LT,"I have a degree in Conservation Biology, so I felt compelled to try this game out. It operates on a ""high school"" model of ecology, but it would be damn near impossible for a game like this to get any more complex than that. I'm glad to see that the developers seem to actually care, and listen to their community. If this game were to be built upon for the foreseeable future, I could see it becoming something really special!Here are my first impressions and review of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACdoqZzJM4k"
,Recommended,453750,25127006,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Blue Eclipse,"One of the most gripping and engaging stories of video gaming, Tyto Ecology makes you question life, religion, the universe, and our purpose as human beings. I've never seen gameplay implemented with a story as well as this masterpiece. Screw Life is Strange, Heavy Rain, Huniepop, The Last of Us, or the Walking Dead. If you want a real story, get this Da Vinci piece of art."
76561198298775319,Recommended,453750,22835866,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,vrence,"Great game, very fundamental and useful for things outside of the game, and most importantly, fun. It somehow is still fun even though it's educational."
,Recommended,453750,28896591,Posted: 1 January,all,Alpha.EXE (10/06),"I think this game is really work, but it's worth the effort."
76561198045448845,Recommended,453750,24615855,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GumbyWench,"Do you like games that you don't actually have to play? Then you've come to the right place! Sit back and enjoy almost nothing happening before your eyes, except for cute little creatures dying by the dozen. A+++, would let those lil' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s get eaten again by the TRUCKLOAD."
,Recommended,453750,29313310,Posted: 17 January,all,Wif,"THE GOOD:Quick tutorial, fun concept, UI does some things very well, a lot of animals/plants, easy at the start but gets hard to balance later.THE BAD:Controls are average, locked to a small region of the dome which generates [in-game] errors/notifcation if you move around too close to locked zones, minor lack of information, feels like a Facebook game, starts becoming a game of replace the plants, animals don't really interact.Overall this is a fun little game that you can definitely burn some time on.  Reminds me of Sim Earth but done better and with some strange design choices."
,Not Recommended,453750,34051548,Posted: 5 August,all,Rose Collie,It's not as fun as I thought it'd be.
,Not Recommended,453750,22461958,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Eelis,"Get's boring quite quickly, very slow and limited content, that said, its not a very expensive game to try."
,Not Recommended,453750,22485274,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sanus Ga(L)(L)us,"A lot of potential, and respect for idea, but other than that there is no real reason to praise the game as some people do. It acts like typical flash/browser game, in which you unlock new stuff, place it, and it doesnt matter anyways."
76561198089879542,Not Recommended,453750,22542844,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Nerezza,"As someone with a keen interest in ecology and biodiversity I can appreciate what this game is trying to achieve.Unfortunately, as with the majority of educational titles, it fails to deliver a polished and engaging experience.The user interface, while relatively clean and simple, doesn't feel polished and rather more like a indie phone app. A lack of tooltips make figuring out what each component of the interface does a bit of trial and error. While some of this is covered in the brief tutorial, it would have been a nice feature to include especially as the game is probably marketed to a young demographic.A lack of transparency regarding the statistics of your biome was dissapointing. Again, some of this was accessible by manually clicking through each population however it would have been nice to have some sort of central overview of the correlation between all components of your ecosystem. I found myself wondering what aspects of my biome were causing decreases and increases to my biodiversity, so some sort of indication as to the source of these fluctuations would have been welcome.Visually I was actually impressed. While the graphics certainly would not win any awards I can see that a reasonable effort has gone into art and animation, which could likewise have been easily overlooked in such a title. An inability to remap controls was disappointing.Unfortunately the fun factor here was minimal at best. There was no real incentive to do anything, other than to keep your biome health up. I really liked that a comprehensive database of information regarding each component was included, much like how Age of Empires and the Civilisation series have consistently included in-depth information, but when there's no actual fun to be had alongside this feature you may as well just read a book on the subject.Overall I would recommend this to someone who has absolutely no concept of the basics of biodiversity as an extremely basic educational tool. I feel bad giving this a negative review because I really support education in interactive media but there are a number of areas where this game falls short. I guess I can buy my guilt off knowing I paid for the title and supported the developer in some small way."
76561198002355790,Recommended,453750,22417482,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,bananaSplif,"Haven't played much yet but it looks pretty good. Though I must say it appears to be very basic but again I haven't played much at all so maybe it gets more complex with more interactions between species. +9000 points for the educational side of it; I feel this is the kind of games that'll get kids interested in biology, ecology or whatever. I just hope the devs will keep working on it, and some kind of genetics system and more 'randomness' would be awesome.Also maybe another game mode where let's say you can only impact basic things like the terrain itself, average temperature,.... and see what happens."
,Not Recommended,453750,22484252,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SickTag,Gives me an error that I do not have Microsoft C++ Visual 2015 Runtime on my computer.  I do.  I even tried to goto microsoft's website and it says I have it already installed and updated...
76561198026263099,Recommended,453750,25467644,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PicalHead,"The concept is fantastic, and its fun to play, it does have its problems though. The AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I watched several rabbits starve to death while surrounded by food... because they where too busy sleeping and running in circles. Also the reproduction rates are abysmaly low. a single carnivore 'territory' can easily wipe out multpile herbivore 'territories' before they even get a chance to reproduce as the hunger value reduces so quickly that animals are hunting far too often. Even 2 rabbit territores couldn't reproduce faster than they where being hunted by 1 fox territory.dispite these problems, once you get used to the fact that herbivores have to massively outnumber carnivores (to the point of stupidity), and the fact that you will have animal dying because they litterally forgot how to eat, it is a very entertaining game to kill alot of time with. (fyi i pirated before purchasing so i do think its worth buying)"
76561198070985798,Recommended,453750,22634518,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Nevin,What I think about this game.Tyto Ecology Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3AV4xyz26E
76561198040554509,Recommended,453750,22442772,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,𝕌ℕ𝕀𝕋,i love itfurst game like  this i ever seennow do the steky leg
76561198097850480,Not Recommended,453750,22438003,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BruhBR,"Lots of potential but very buggy. My mouse would wander off, which made playing very diffucult. The graphics blow and they're hardly worthly of a dollar game much less a seven dollar one. I didn't play much (I couldn't with my mouse being so buggy) but this wasn't worth the money."
76561198017599168,Not Recommended,453750,22454372,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SFF2000,"(Because of Steam limiting the amount of text for a review I was unable to post the full review here, please see the comments for more information...sorry for how confusing it looks, you have to read the comments from the oldest to the newest for it to be coherent, my apologies).[04/18/2016] – Final ReviewTyto Ecology is a very intriguing idea where your role is that of god-like being able to place plants, animals, and decomposers as you see fit. However, you are limited in how much you can do with the creatures and biomes; like you cannot shape the terrain nor can you give commands to anything to do something. You are just trying to maintain a balanced eco-system as you fill up the map. That is, if you were able to do that…at all.The game has a cool idea, but it is hard for me to even call it a game at all. With about 19 hours of gameplay, I was only involved with maybe 5 hours; a few of which I forced myself to play just for this review. The first few hours are fun to mess around with stuff and watch your biome burn from a lack of understanding, but even after reading through the only information given in a form of an index (which I assume is accurate scientific data for the biomes and etc.) you will still be scratching your head wondering why your biome cannot maintain itself except past a certain point. Which becomes a common theme. And it doesn't help that the majority of your time in Tyto Ecology will be spent just waiting…and waiting…and waiting….and waiting…for something to happen.The game is still un-optimized and contains bugs that will lower your framerate to a slug’s pace (even on my $5000.00 pc), making it un-playable. It has many of the drawbacks of a mobile game where you feel like a lot of decisions for the pace and mechanics of the game were made in the thought of micro-transactions (there are not micro-transactions on PC).There also isn’t enough information for the player, like given in Sim City or City Skylines, for you to digest or to understand (mechanical information) and even when your waiting for “x” to happen, there is nothing for the player to do (besides reading all the scientific facts of the creatures and plants).There is also a lot of annoying features and tools that should be in the game, but are missing; like being able to rotate and move the camera while placing objects or being able to rotate larger objects, like trees, a certain way.  It just isn’t fun to play after the initial look, you will find yourself doing other things the majority of the time while this is alt+tabbed in the background.The developers have been extremely active which is great and makes it more painful for me to say, but this game is not worth $5.00 and you should only really play Tyto Ecology if you’re the type of person who enjoys playing a game, or multiple games, periodically throughout your day.[04/16/2016] - Initial EntryBefore I give the game a proper review, I currently cannot recommend this title as there are some game breaking bugs that either make it unplayable or very frustrating to play. I will revise this review as updates come out."
76561197973206553,Not Recommended,453750,23486508,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,patweb01,"Not impressed so far.The game has three speeds.1. Realtime.  Uh....2. 'fast forward' which is?  Maybe 2x realtime.  Lol3. Skip ahead days/weeks or a month, which you pay from limited funds.I put down some rabbits, bobcats and moths.  The rabbits spread out, the bob cats lolled around, and the moths just sat in one place refusing to migrate over to the plants I needed pollinated.  That's where it sat, for an hour while I watched.  I threw the bobcats in out of boredom.  They come in 100% fed, I guess it takes a long time for them to get hungry.  I'd already skipped ahead a week so had no T points available to skip ahead more.  Maybe someday if I leave the program running unattended I'll get more.  But then, how will I play my other steam games that are fun?The graphics are lackluster.  They start out on minimum settings.  I cranked everything up to maximum, the only change I could see is the textures got fuzzy due to the anti-aliasing.  It appears none of the creatures make sound on their own, but the bobcats growl if you click on them.   I may be wrong about that though.To make this game better it needs more ambiance, more sound effects, MORE ACTION, ability to fast forward without dumb restrictions.Edit:  I read in another review that time can pass when the app is closed.  The default is time does not pass when app is closed.  I changed that to 'easy', one week passes when app is closed.  I left the app and came back in 15 minutes.  Four days had passed in game.  My rabbit population went from 12 to 8.  At this rate they will be long gone before the ~70 days to reproduce happens.  Not sure HOW they died.  It would be nice to get a log of what is going on when the door is closed.  ""Bobcat ate rabbit"", ""Rabbit died of old age"", ""Rabbit died of starvation""......."
76561198254220385,Not Recommended,453750,22465503,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Third,Not that grasping poor ai good concept bad execution
76561198348307179,Not Recommended,453750,28293053,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,suecohen,the game keeps getting locked up.  we cannot move from one choice of animal etc to add to the biome to the next without the visuals scanning in and out crazily - or the whole thing just locking up and not responding to input.  very frustrating!!!
76561198005462292,Recommended,453750,23207953,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,LadyVolk,A piece of art.
76561198042170606,Not Recommended,453750,24481124,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ShadowVVar,I wish I used the money on a 1 dollar game insted cuz it whould probably be more content and stuff to do there...
76561198038320041,Recommended,453750,23239233,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,leverettwillow,hellow i whold like it if you whould plan to do this in the future it whould be niv=ce if you could add more biodomes madbie a ohen one or a shannah one or a swamp it would be nice  :)  by:Elli
76561198335790519,Recommended,453750,33774121,Posted: 24 July,all,Feathertail916,it barely lets me play the game 👿👿👿
76561198006554612,Recommended,453750,22412794,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,mccanlessjc,graphics arent the best but its a fun eco game especially spawning dozens of lynx to kill of a herd of wild frogs
,Not Recommended,453750,23591304,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Calcifur'sCurse,"games ok i guess, cheap, bought on sale at that. Just have better games to play,1-10graphics: 3gameplay: too slow and unrewarding 2"
,Not Recommended,453750,32557438,Posted: 18 June,all,Tequila,"Not worth buying. Clunky controls, must leave the game to age for you to really do anything. The use of currency could be improved and theres not a lot of animals."
76561198025376643,Not Recommended,453750,29158665,Posted: 10 January,all,Little Phoenix,Once you've done everything prepare for boredom en mass.
,Recommended,453750,22417779,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DeltaForce C:/Windows95,-I created a Rabbit Empire-went to kitchen for dinner-left the game open-I thought game paused-returned-all my rabbits got murdered by other animalsgg
,Not Recommended,453750,22545335,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Sykario,Is EXTREAMLY BORING! I
76561198000016600,Not Recommended,453750,24676943,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,*****,"This game is about building small ecosystem with plants, herbivores and carnivores. It's ratherboringeasy and slow-paced. Doesn't offer much entertainment. Graphics and interface (while not bad) feel unpolished."
76561198313744186,Not Recommended,453750,24625032,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,tlady64,all my stuff was deleted all my plants are gone and all my animlas  r gone
76561198260355045,Not Recommended,453750,26723817,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,king of war,BORING... it may seem fun but no
76561197977483812,Not Recommended,453750,23371208,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,philmont,A poorly adaption of a compound builder wich can't even match zootycons in depth.Graphics are really weak and outdated. Animations and interactions are a joke.And now they start throwing out DLC for more then 50% ! ! ! of the games price. Way 2 ♥♥♥♥ supportes -.-- Not worth the money- at least 10 free abondened titles of game history are much more worth your time
76561198306285560,Recommended,453750,32579635,Posted: 19 June,all,nwcjean,could not play it
76561197972399937,Not Recommended,453750,25391364,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,nervrek,"This is like going to the zoo AND shoveling the ****.  Want to see the elephants?  Not until you move a mountain's worth, I tell you."
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,453750,22420742,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Well, imao this can't be tagged as a SIM.First of all, it has a ""GAME"" core where you need to do tasks to unlock things that gives you more xp to acess different stuff just by that.Secondly, one of the features says that the game is a SANDBOX game which is not since it doesn't have a sandbox mode, only 3 scenarios with tutorial/objectives core.The scenario is very small either and the game doesn't require any biology knownledge to be played.Not fun at all, very simple, controls are bad, not a true sandbox (scenery based), not detailed and not scientific."
,Not Recommended,453750,23424529,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Zkrizt,It's ugly and it's controls are very clunky.
76561198353692693,Not Recommended,453750,29388919,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr. Magma,ok so the guidlines say be polite. bunt not now. WHY THE F#@K IS EVERYTHIMG GREEN AND THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY. I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR ILL REPORT THIS GAME FOR THEFT
,Not Recommended,453750,23293656,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,golergka,"Boring, badly executed resource strategy which uses ecology as a gimmick. Stupid currency system, UX design straight out of free2play mobile and social games, and very awkward 3d graphics.It's sad to see such a game with ""very positive"" user reviews on Steam."
76561198059957475,Not Recommended,453750,32292675,Posted: 9 June,all,Dachshund,boring
,Not Recommended,453750,31129530,Posted: 13 April,all,KittenCatnip,badnot what it looks like.i wasted my money on it and 2 hours in i deleted it. its that badhonistly watch a video before you buy to get a ideardont buy unless you can waste money
76561198048226642,Not Recommended,453750,23372895,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mattgo,Doesn't work at all. You can't do anything. Asking for refund.
76561198059725078,Not Recommended,453750,23310508,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,cherkasov.nikita,Boring as **ck
76561198130000025,Not Recommended,453750,23367939,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,jeroen2003,i buyd the game later the releasd a dlc i din't not know about that and the only reason buyed the game was i hoped that will add more biomes but the maked it a dlc
76561198354813614,Recommended,453750,29617295,Posted: 31 January,all,sweet406,i have decide to change my review as because i have been contactecd by the devlopers and have found a soulotion
,Recommended,453750,26705238,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,VeggieSpider,"(original review from 11-26-16) not recommendedI thought I would have a lot of fun with this. And I did. I really enjoyed it. Then I alt+f4ed instead of formally exiting the game and found one of my biomes basically reset. No matter, I can rebuild. I play for about 5 more hours and my power goes out. I load the game up to find, surprise surprise, all of my save files are gone and all the unlock progress I made is also  gone!So the save files are basically unstable. Great game but not worth your time if your progress can just vanish like it's some bugged up game from the 90s.(post-patch review in march 2017)Since the developers actually followed through on a lot of the problems, I changed my recommendation. There are still some data loss issues if the game is closed while it's loading, but it's not as severe as the one with the power outages, which seems to have been fixed.I'm still a little iffy on how to actually accomplish the goal of the game, but I guess people who know what they're doing will just tell me to get good."
,Recommended,453750,22440470,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ohshitausername,"I'm really enjoying this game, but I'm experiencing pretty bad mouse lag. Anyone else having this issue? Or know how to solve it perhaps? I've tried my trackpad and an external mouse but both are jerky and laging. Someone help."
76561198335126195,Recommended,453750,26639375,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ms.britbrit321,"eh, its good for educational purposes. but it gets boring pretty quickly."
76561198343849137,Recommended,453750,26594431,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BlockingCombos,"Great Game, Could Use More Biodome Habitats"
,Recommended,453750,29572983,Posted: 29 January,all,WARHAMMER,"As a person that helped to make this goal possible, this was an execellent turnout! i really love the animation of the animals so kudos. Also... screw those Agoutis who keep devouring my ferns. D:< STAHP."
,Recommended,453750,34256774,Posted: 15 August,all,Commodore Yvela,"Tyto Ecology is a very addictive and fun game that I have poured hours into. If you like animals and biology, then you will love this game! I recommend you get it, and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198293438904,Recommended,453750,30195820,Posted: 26 February,all,adriroque15,Hello I do not know if you remember me but I had problems with Tyto Ecology and working with my computer. And that is still the case cause I have the same crappy computer. I would like to know though which Windows computer is best to play with. Thank you again Dev!
76561198133009429,Recommended,453750,35210652,Posted: 25 September,all,Dog Residue (Velociraptor),"I personally don't enjoy how slow-paced this game is, but this would be great for someone who does. The developers are also very interactive with users, which is something I rarely see."
76561198308053689,Not Recommended,453750,34823631,Posted: 8 September,all,WitchyCat,"This game is very slow and there is not much to do other than placing plants and animals then watch them. Though I like games about nature and animals, I would only reccomend this to very slow-paced people."
76561198254671980,Recommended,453750,27377731,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sophie,"Hello DevsI once made a review on this game,I HATED ITI really did not like the graphicsBut now im getting it again to re experience it!Thanks For Make Tyto Ecology DevsHave A Great Day!"
,Not Recommended,453750,34894397,Posted: 11 September,all,cecilkorik,"As an educational game, I was expecting more education and simulation, but instead the emphasis here seems to be on ""gamifying"" things to introduce artificial difficulty, like having to ration your resources like tokens and energy, and constantly struggling against the things you can place being automatically unbalanced due to their pre-set quantities and areas, which cannot be changed, and a lack of information about what resources each species needs to survive, which means you're forced to just blindly experiment and watch things die when you're wrong, because you won't have the energy or tokens needed to correct any mistakes.My understanding and expectation is that the goal, would be to build a balanced ecosystem, and that would allow us ""students"" to explore and understand how small changes could unbalance it, and maybe figure out ways to make the ecosystem more resilient. Instead, quoting the developer, ""You're not going to be able to get a truly sustained balanced ecosystem. [...] If your ecosystem could be perfectly balanced, then the game would basically just be over."" I disagree there are lots of sim games like SimCity or Prison Architect where you can build a perfectly balanced little simulation, and that doesn't make the game over, maybe all that means is that it's time to expand it some more, or maybe it's time for a disaster to occur. There are lots of fun things to do when you have a nicely balanced little simulation, just leave it up to the player's imagination.I have nothing against the game, it's kind of cute and I respect the developer's position, I just don't agree with it and in my opinion it doesn't result in an enjoyable game at least for me. I can't give this game my personal recommendation but if you are looking to play a bit of an arbitrary guessing game full of cute and not so cute animals that will eventually all eat each other and everything else in your biodome, it's worth picking up. It wasn't what I wanted though."
