user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198026673593,Recommended,454410,29771042,Posted: 7 February,all,CrazyHermit,Consider this a friendly reminder that Game Freak still makes good games that aren't Pokemon.
,Recommended,454410,32154733,Posted: 3 June,all,Silver Fox,"Giga Wrecker is a game I bought after someone mentioned that it was made by Game Freak. I didn't even look at the gameplay as I wanted to be surprised and I definitely was not expecting one of the best puzzle platformers i've played in some time.The main gimmick to this game is finding debris and combining it into a large ball of debris that you carry around. You can use this to extend your attack range, make platforms and more as you get new upgrades. Each area you visit has its own mechanics for puzzles, like making your debris balls bouncy or poison gas that lifts platforms as well as a new power in each area to use which makes them all stand out. There is also a skill tree in this game which I feel can increase the replayability, as I went through the whole game without knowing about a skill that can make more platforms.The best part in this game are the physics and how you use your abilites to affect them. There is a lot of satisfaction when you solve puzzles in this game and it's a lot of fun to see the blocks fall in the exact places you need them to. There are also multiple ways to solve certain puzzles, and in a lot of places I felt like I was breaking the game. The combat is pretty simple, but I don't think this was the focus of the game, and a lot of the time combat is about finding enough debris in the level to attack them. The boss fights are pretty great as they still use the main mechanic of the game, and learning the patterns of the boss is fun and satisfying.The graphics are unique and look nice. The sprites themselves are very detailed, and the art used in story sequences look lovely. The story is pretty interesting but it is one of the weaker elements of the game because of the bad translation. You can understand what is being said most of the time, but a lot of it sounds strange. Finally, the music is excellent - in the main areas it's nice and relaxing for puzzle solving. It gets a bit more intense during the boss fights.This review is kind of a mess but I hope it gets more people interested in this game, as I feel like it's a bit underrated right now. A few final notes are that my computer is not that great so the game's performance was slow at times, but the game was good enough that I kept with it. I'm also planning on getting more playtime out of it through the game's custom levels made by other people."
,Recommended,454410,24999166,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Animelee,"Interesting and very fun game from GAME FREAK. It's early access, so many of the dialogue mistakes or grammatical errors will likely be fixed later on. I've gotten one crash, but this is literally what Early Access is for -- reporting bugs and crashes.I can really see this becoming something great. I'm glad I own it."
76561198009156462,Recommended,454410,29772791,Posted: 7 February,all,Ces,"You know, prior to this game, I never knew Game Freak even MADE games other than pokemon. Turns out, not only do they make them, they're quite good at it. I had a ton of fun playing this game. The puzzles are just the right mixture of genius and janky, and at least twice I have achieved the holy grail of free-form puzzling: the abused-mechanics solution. I will never forget sticking a spear to a free-hanging block, only to stick another spear onto the spear and build almost a free-swinging gondola to throw myself across a gap. It was stupid and beautiful.Story works, I did play the initial roughly localized version, so I'll have to revisit to see if cleaning up the narrative improved it or robbed some of the charm.Besides the puzzles, I have to praise the bosses. I died multiple times on each one, mostly because they are violently agressive. They are perfectly beatable once you know them, but they come at you so fast that it's still a challenge to execute what you know. Very enjoyable.Also adored the art style. Adored.Finally, with the level editor, there's some real potential for a solid fan community here, which would be fantastic."
76561198160868511,Recommended,454410,29760540,Posted: 7 February,all,Strayed Lynx,"GIGA WRECKER is truly an amazing game,it features many interesting gameplay mechanics,a memorable OST and an extremely detailed,one-of-a-kind artstyle used to great effect to create gorgeous characters and stunning locations.If you love platformer games and puzzles based on physics and dynamic interaction with the game's environment you'll have a blast with this game.PS:the developer of this game GameFreak also worked on the Pokemon games,their name guarantees the quality of this game and the presence of top waifus 'innit."
,Recommended,454410,24997988,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Oni-Link,"Instant bought this game, and really happy. The gameplay is really good and interessing, the game is beautiful and the soundtrack is also really good.The controls are swift and quick.Also a good point : there is a level editor to create your own levels, we don't see it a lot in general so it's really good to have one in this game.So yes, this is a good game. The only problem AT THE MOMENT (because Early Access) is the loading times and freezes when destroying something.I recommand this game, you will be happy with it."
76561198253814583,Recommended,454410,29845411,Posted: 11 February,all,Yugo Ogami,"First of all, Thanks GAMEFREAK for bringing this game to PC, the game is AMAZING.The early stages of the game is quite easy, but in the late game, it is getting harder and harder, even the puzzles are too hard for me at first attemp, they always give me headache when i encounter the puzzles of the late game, especially the lazer puzzle, i love lazer but now i hate it :)).The art style of the is UNIQUE, from the environment to characters is very detail, and the screen is like getting dusty or something, i love it :3.Restart over and over again to get pass hidden area or when fighting bosses. TIMING is YOUR BEST FRIEND IN THIS GAME. I MEAN IT :)).For the story, 2 words, GREAT and AMAZING, full explanation without making confuse or anything because i always bad at some games related to time stuff.For the music, i can feel the mood when i listen to these music, BGM for each area, BGM when fighting bosses so GOOD.Recommend for those are seeking for the challenges. A metroidvania game that is worth to try and experience.And it seems like the game runs pretty slow on some low-spec pcs although adjusted to the lowest in-game setting, but i can ignore it.Final words: get headache everytime solving puzzles is a great experience for the first time playing this game. AMAZING and AWESOME."
76561198097905522,Recommended,454410,29765943,Posted: 7 February,all,Hakurei Marisa,"A game worth its price.Great graphic with descent combination of combat and puzzle solving. The Boss fight is difficult but can be rather easy if you get used to the rythm. The puzzles are challenging and hard to cheese. This game worth more than its prize.In the other hand, the hit box on platform and boxes can be off occationaly, which do frustrate you when solving puzzles. And the upgrade system doesn't really help much besides the health increase.8.5/10 Would recommend to my friends."
76561197972364092,Recommended,454410,31347875,Posted: 24 April,all,Lockey,"Giga Wrecker is a 2D action puzzle platformer. You play as a young girl called Reika, who has been transformed into a cyborg and now battles the robots that have successfully defeated mankind. The puzzles consist of box physics, lasers and the ususal spikes and pits. You can destroy or cut parts of the level to solve the puzzles. The action comes from the robots that you encounter in the levels and the bosses you must defeat. Bosses each have their own pattern and stages and take a few tries to learn. The story is told through dialog text during the level and every once in a while there is a still art cut scene.Graphics and sound are good and I personally quite like the art style. Controls are okay, but can also be remapped if necessary. If you have a different aspect ratio than 16:9 you may get some display artefacts. 1920x1200 has black bars that aren't cleared and show whatever part of the Steam overlay was last drawn over them.The game offers three save slots and you need to expicitly save at save points dotted around the map. After death the game will however restore you at the last door, teleporter or warp point, so you really never need to reload during play.I do have a few gripes with the gameplay. The biggest problem is the floaty or slippery platforming. This will get you killed often as Reika will slide off platforms you squarly hit and drop into spikes or into a pit. Wobbly blocks sometimes make this worse. Add to that the knockback and the very short invulnerability after being hit and boss fights quickly turn frustrating. I feel that tighter platforming would have made this game a lot better.Despite its flaws I do recommend Giga Wrecker. If you can deal with grinding the bosses until you get the pattern (and get better at the game in the process) then you will find a satisfying little platformer that rewards the persistent player."
,Recommended,454410,29782597,Posted: 8 February,all,D2Synua,"GIGA WRECKER is a really charming game from the creators of Pokemon, Game Freak.As soon as I saw the Game Freak logo I knew that I was in for a treat, the game looks amazing and the gameplay is great. It's heavy on environmental puzzles and the usual metroidvania combat (With some really innovative mechanics) which I love, but the controls feel slippery.Sometimes Reika would just fall through platforms for no reason, which is a shame because the game is filled with platforming.I had a great time with what I played of GIGA WRECKER even though the controls are somewhat loose and it's too heavy on platforming/puzzles for my taste.If you're unsure if it's worth buying or not you can check out the first 30 minutes of the game here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OxKAvkvYQQ"
76561198079604679,Recommended,454410,29448999,Posted: 23 January,all,Munchie,"""Come in like a wrecking ball.""I bought this game during a sale, but after finishing it I'd recommend it even at full price. Felt like it's time for an ""in-depth"", structured review, so expect a lot of text. Also my apologies for the bad song quote joke.StoryGIGA WRECKER follows the path of a cyborg girl whose world has been destroyed and now has the power of reconstructing debris and scraps into various weapons in order to find the reason of it all and push back the robot army invasion. There's still a little bit more to it than just this, but I'd like to keep it spoiler-free. Don't expect anything too deep or fancy, though.As for me the present level of storytelling is fine enough and I enjoyed following it instead of just skipping everything. It's admittedly very anime-like and therefore contains some tropes (as the protagonist's tsundere vibe) some might consider annoying, but I was perfectly fine with it. Not only because I enjoy anime in general, but also because the gameplay/the whole package is the main focus in the end. The story is delivered mainly in rather short dialogues with artworks sprinkled in sometimes.Flaw:In the current game state there are still a lof of spelling errors and sometimes the dialogues feel written rather poorly, although it might add up on the game's charm. However, it's been stated already that those errors should decrease with the final release update.GameplayGW is a ""2D puzzle-platform action game"" as stated in the description already, you probably got that so far. But how good is it really? Well...The puzzlesvary in difficulty a lot. You might run into very hard ones right after defeating the first boss and run into quite easy ones in a later stage, but to me that's what kept it running, since some of those puzzles (usually physics focused) can be rather tricky and even frustrating at times. Being able to relax (or wreck) a bit after a tough challenge makes you not give up on the puzzles/the game. Apart from that solving those riddles is highly satisfactory, since you get to witness the progress you're making right away, may it be an additional story part, a lot of EXP or a new weapon skin (which are hilarious btw - ever fought with a swordfish/ice cream combination?).Flaw:Although there are different ways to approach a puzzle every now and then, (very) few of them didn't make that much sense to me and I pretty much solved them by chance or luck just by randomly destroying my surroundings. This might be intentional, but made me wonder if I actually found the solution and - if not - what the solution is supposed to be. Also some of the puzzles containing lasers seemed pretty unclear to me since they kept changing directions for apparently no particular reason other than placing a block on top of it which should have just blocked it. I managed to solve them anyways, but still a thing to keep in mind. With those few exceptions the physics system works fine.The platformingis pretty decent. Every action takes place immediately and I rarely had any problems controlling the character. I got used to the way it behaves rather easily. Unless the map's design is at fault for making you die by containing a lot of traps, enemies etc, this part of the game is executed smoothly.The actionfocuses on the ARCHE abilities of course. I won't explain them in detail now since they're being presented in the trailer already which gives a quite good overview. You either use those tools to crush everything in your way or in order to explore the maps a bit. The four different weapons (apart from the default debris ball) make these things a fun experience through and through and since it's possible to upgrade them via the skill tree, it's up to you (to a small degree) which weapon's going to be your main tool. Furthermore I never had the feeling of over- or underusing one of them since each puzzle usually asks you to do something slightly different or combine your abilities. (Apart from that you can still just spam your attacks and wreck the map in case things aren't going your way. Way to release stress included!)Flaw:Except from a few upgrades or the increasing of your total health the skill tree doesn't feel that game changing in the end. It DOES change things for sure, but since you're improving on your own anyways while the game continues, it became a collectible-like thing for me at some point. Then again it's very easy to farm EXP since you'll never lose those points no matter how often you rewind time to recreate the map (therefore EXP orb blocks, as well). I never farmed them on purpose and ended up with a fully upgraded skill tree and almost 11 points left to spare. Probably the only part of the game that isn't a challenge.AudioThe background music was another factor for me to keep going, even when being stuck at a certain puzzle or boss. While during the stages the music usually has an ambient and relaxing vibe, boss fight themes are uptempo tracks with melodies and beats that kept me pumped for another try. All of the tracks belong to different kinds of electronic subgenres and also feel a bit anime-like (when it comes to boss fights) at times.Reading through the other reviews the BGM seems to be some kind of ambivalent aspect and I understand that some might consider the music a tad bit annoying after a while, but I enjoyed it a lot (I'd probably even buy an OST CD, but that's just me).A reminder: there is no voice acting in this game apart from some voice samples when attacking, jumping, dying and so on.VisualsIf you despise pixel/2D art or character art as seen in anime and manga, you won't like the visuals, simply put. I do like both, so no downside for me. However, there isn't too much variety and detail to find here, most likely in order to keep the stages easy on the eyes since there is a lot going on sometimes. Characters and enemies, though, are pretty detailed for such a game in my opinion, which leads to a minor...Flaw:When the camera zooms out in a few stages in order to give you an overview of the huge puzzle, the character becomes a little bit blurry due to a black outline that somewhat flickers around while moving. Not to a disturbing degree and you probably won't pay too much attention to it, but still.ConclusionGIGA WRECKER is a game every platform and/or puzzle game fan should try out for sure. In case you're also a fan of anime/manga, you'll be good to go. There are still a handful of (minor) flaws, but nothing gamebreaking in my opinion, not to mention that this game isn't fully released yet (upcoming patch will be the final one to leave Early Access) and the developers still have some room to act. I finished the game within 15 hours with every collectible achieved (achievements weren't active at time of completion) and a fully upgraded skill tree. There is also a level editor which I didn't try out yet and therefore didn't review, but from the looks of it, some additional hours should be worth spending there, too. I'll be definitely coming back to this title, though, and I'm eagerly waiting for more.8/10Thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,454410,32262361,Posted: 7 June,all,Jupies,"Let's start with positives.  The game's art style is really fantastic, to say the least.  A nice, 'chunky' visual aesthetic.  The open-ended approach to puzzle platforming is refreshing, and very well thought-out.  Honestly, taken from a step back, the game is refreshing to play, and I wish there was more creativity like Giga Wrecker's in modern gaming mechanics.To quickly summarize what the game lacks.. It feels very quickly pushed out.  The physics of movement feels a little lacking; sometimes you fall through what appear to be solid surfaces.  Sometimes, in the vein of classic side-scrolling action platformers, you take one hit, which causes you to bounce into a second enemy or stage hazard (most notably and egregiously in the Astra fights).  And sometimes, the physics engine just straight-up disagrees with you.  All three of the above will generally result in death, especially in the latter half of the game, with the oft usage of spikes and pitfalls.Because of the relatively quick loading times, it's not as much of an issue as it could be, but because of the nature of some rooms, you're forced to repeat several sections before you can get back to the segment that caused your death.. only to die to it again because of one of the above, or when you accidentally push the reset button for a fraction of a second.The music's lacking, and the localization's even moreso.  It's exciting to see Game Freak's name on something considering how much of a mainstay it is regarding my childhood memories regarding the pokemon franchise, so that's what caused me to gravitate towards the game, and, I think, in a lot of cases, it's the same for most of the people who ended up picking Giga Wrecker up.  But genuinely, someone really need to go through these sorts of games with a fine comb before they get pushed out.  I was expecting more, especially after grasping just how intuitive and clever the game's core mechanics are.  Please, make more games like this, but treat them with kid gloves next time, okay?  This sort of result is just not acceptable."
,Recommended,454410,31039426,Posted: 9 April,all,Judai_,"This game definetly deserves more love from the community.Giga Wrecker is a PC exclusive indie game from GameFreak (you know, the dudes that Nintendo enslaved 20 years ago to do Pokèmon) and god damn is it good.It's basically a metroid-vania 2D platformer except it's not retro style and has very curious mechanics. To me, it feels like playing a sidescrolling version of Portal since you have to solve puzzles with abilities and such.The plot is very interesting, sometimes weird and makes you question your motives throughout the game, while you're being carried around by a sweet soundtrack that is very fitting.The art style is lovely, a bit ""edgy"" but considering the whole mecha theme it fits perfectly. It's a pity some aspects have been forgotten, like mono-dimensional sprites, but those are just minor things that could've made the game a bit more polished.It's not a hard game, the mechanics are a bit unforgiving tho.The platforms are a bit wanky when not 100% horizontal, you get easily punished if you abuse your abilities, sometimes when you get hit you lose track of the character because the backgrounds are very colourful, the knockback is outrageous and 90% of the time makes you fall to your death to bottomless pits or spikes and the absurd amount of debris that comes out from broken objects is a double-edged sword. It can help you solve puzzles in a non conventional way or can completely screw you up (fortunately every puzzle has a reset pad).In the end you're always happy after completion and you never feel frustrated after completing a sector. And if you haven't completed it 100% you can go back at whatever point to find unlockables or get achievements.I highly recommend it if you love the genre and a fluent platformer with a bit of challenge"
,Recommended,454410,32031204,Posted: 28 May,all,wadeithan,"I play a lot of 2D platformers, and this is one of the best I've played in recent years. It leans heavily on the standard Metroidvania framework, but the puzzles and abilities you acquire really make it feel like something fresh and unique. The art is great, the boss fights are satisfyingly difficult until you figure out their patterns, and the puzzles are often difficult enough to make you feel accomplished when you solve them without being so difficult or abstract that you run screaming for an FAQ. I could go on, but I think you get the point: there's a lot to like here.Unfortunately, there are also a few things to be aware of going into it that might affect your enjoyment. First, the English translation is a mess. It's never so bad that you can't understand what they're trying to say, but it's obvious that non-native speakers translated it and the dude listed on the credits as ""Translation QA"" didn't actually ""A"" the ""Q,"" which is especially strange given that the game came out in early access initially, so there was plenty of time to have those errors pointed out. If you're like me and grew up in the NES days, when broken English was the standard in video game translations, or if you don't care that much about these things, it's not probably a deal-breaker.More frustrating was that sometimes--seemingly due to debris being at odd angles--I would land solidly on a platform, but I would just fall through it as if it wasn't something I could stand on or that I'd missed the platform. It didn't come up very often, but most of the times it did, the ""non-platform"" was over spikes or a bottomless pit. Even though it was rare, the somewhat finicky platforms are something to be aware of.Overall, though, this was a great game, and the fact it isn't being talked about more is a shame."
76561197993297012,Recommended,454410,27917689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pikmintaro,"""An incredibly fun and unique post apocalyptic platforming/puzzle/action game from our friends at Game Freak (The Pokemon Developers!) with a green haired cyborg girl as the cherry on top!""+++Pros++++Incredibly fun (the most important thing in any game and this game has fun in spades)+Great Brain teasing physics based Puzzles (using your various abilities to break structures and move them for stage progression. etc...)+Enjoyable fast paced combat (and not too difficult either)+Great fun platforming (which goes along with the puzzles and combat)+Beautiful art, and graphics+Bizzarely Beautiful Nanomachine infused post apocalyptic setting+Entertaining characters (and a fun poweful female main character)+Great music that fits perfectly with the game's atmosphere+Your weapons are also used as your tools for puzzle solving+Powerful fun bosses that are all awesome robot girls+The game doesn't take itself too seriously or not seriously enough with a great mixture of comedy and drama (there's nothing worse than a ""trying too hard"" post apocalyptic game or series that has no or very little comedy in it.)+There is a level editor with pretty much everything in the game at your disposal so you can make your own stages+Simple and fun progression system/skill tree+No ""lives"" system (I pretty much only died to the bosses, but outside of that I think when I died the game simply placed me in the same room close to where I died or at the nearest save point)+Integration of story and gameplay mechanics (The game explains what the save points function as in the universe of the game, and how the upgrade system works for your character in that world, things like that always a plus for me)---Negatives (these are all pretty minor to me though)----The bosses may be pretty frustrating until you figure out how to correctly fight them-Some of the puzzles (particularly the later ones in The Mine) can be cryptic and frustrating (most have a simple solution once you figure it out though) I'm also not sure if I solved some of the more cryptic and difficult puzzles correctly, but after getting stuck on some of them for over ten or twenty minutes I was ready to take any solution I could-Some of the character animations seem a bit weird, I'm not sure how to describe it (like they are stiff or jerky?), but not a big issue, and not that noticeable while playing-Reika (the main character) has a mirrored character model, her robotic arm is supposed to be on her left side, but when turning left it switches over to her right arm, a very minor issue, but it bugged me a little.+++Maybe Positive/Maybe Negative---+-The game is originally in Japanese and has obviously been translated by somebody who speaks english as a second language, some people might find this annoying (since it results in some perhaps unintentional humor), but I think it helps give the game a very unique and entertaining charm, and since it's been done this way you get a more ""pure"" translation in my opinion.I'd definitely recommend this game to anybody who is even slightly interested in it, at the time of this writing the game is still in alpha but I had a blast with it and a ton of fun.Also the developers have said the price may go up for the full version, so I'd definitely recommend buying it if you are on the fence."
76561198038482457,Recommended,454410,29757857,Posted: 7 February,all,Minst_Meat,"Would recomend a try but very hard, still stuck on an area but art direction and soundtrack are unique."
76561198176061846,Recommended,454410,33424536,Posted: 10 July,all,98Peanuts,"Game Freak made a game that wasn't pokemon and its good, it felt like a combination of maga man and metroid and the puzzles were all very clever. Pick up this game its worth it."
,Recommended,454410,28704597,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zek,"A well made game by Game Freak, that has an infinte ammount of potential. It's story is very interesting, and for the most part from what I played so far its game play is very entertaining. But alas this still has a few flaws. The puzzles are well made but the difficulty spike after beating the first boss is well... A bit overwhelming since you're tossed into it extremely quickly, I know it might be good for some people to be suprised, or to suddendly have a challange but I feel like it could use a bit fine tuning for the people who aren't that good at the game just yet. Besides that for what I've played so far it's pretty enjoy able. Out of 10 I give it an 8.Pros- Puzzles are intresting, and sometimes gets you thinking.- Well designed charaters.- Nice intro (as of the Story Update)- Many differnt ablilities.- Learning curve.Cons:- ""Second Boss"" could use some slight changes in attack speed / difficulty.- A few graphical touch ups on the debris ball in certain rooms."
76561198235720980,Recommended,454410,29775162,Posted: 7 February,all,Bobafootsy,"So when I first saw this, it was by accident. And then I saw it was by Game Freak and I instantly bought it.  Then I got into it and I am so dang hooked on this.  Between really creative combat to interesting puzzles that mess with your mind if you're not careful, this game is amazing.  If I knew how good this game was, I would have paid twice the price for it!EDIT on 2/9I'm not new to platformers or 2D games.  But ****. that first boss fight is so HARD!! More frustrating than most of my time in the Dark Souls games. Also, that's how far I've gotten, so I'm probably going to be much more frustrated in the future as well. If there was any game I wanted to kick in me in the metaphorical nads, it'd be this one definitely."
,Recommended,454410,31499101,Posted: 1 May,all,Hazarddex,"One of the most fuffilling Metroidvania games that we sorely neededPortal meets Megaman meets Metroid/CastlevaniaChallenging gameplay and puzzles, Bosses are strong as hell if you love more old school games that are both fun and challenging this games for you.Graphics 8/10  good just some backgrounds can be distracting. enemy designs are cool some remind me of a mix between sonic and megamanGamplay 9/10 fun challeging some puzzles and bosses may be furstrating but are satisfying when you figure them out. the level editor makes the games replay value almost infinite if people keep adding to it.Story 7/10 I really love the story and mystery of the world the plot iself is rather simple but still solid and engaging However the ending feels a bit lack luster without spoiling to much it left a lot open, and unresolved. prehaps they plan on making a sequalSound/music 6/10 sound effects are nice some of the music is good but nothing to gush over. some music can get repetitive"
,Recommended,454410,32173042,Posted: 4 June,all,Show_Key,"good game! very pretty, very fun. Puzzles were challenging but not frustrating because of confusion, but because you have to make the physics work for you sometimes. It can take some throwing things at the wall until something sticks. But the combat and boss battles were awesome as hell, and the music and story were also pretty rad. 8/10! Don't pass this up if it's on sale!"
76561197998214731,Recommended,454410,30752968,Posted: 26 March,all,TeslaNeiL,"It's an okay game to spend the time with, but expect to be raging from time to time with the crappy controls and platformers marginal tolerance."
,Recommended,454410,29799688,Posted: 9 February,all,TastePurple,"Starts off simple, but the sudden difficulty spike is a bit unforgiving, but when you figure it out and get the hang of it it feels very rewarding."
,Recommended,454410,25046397,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,inhow,Pros: 1. Great graphics and art style2. Good concept; although it is not very unique3. Awesome boss fight4. You can build your owe levelCons: 1. Frame drop2. Frame drop3. Frame dropBut these cons are not crucial; The game is still an EAG after all.
76561198105810112,Recommended,454410,29866930,Posted: 11 February,all,shadowwolf,the whole concept reminds me of Generator Rex but slightly more post apoctalyptic.
,Recommended,454410,32036093,Posted: 28 May,all,JayRad116,"This game was a ton of fun. It's challenging enough to always stay engaging, but rarely frustrating. And the game often doesn't force you to solve the puzzles in a certain way. I know there were a few puzzles that I did not solve the intended way.It's really also beautiful. I want to take every cutscene image set it as my wallpaper.There were a few issues I had with it though.-It's pretty short, and while you can get make and get custom levels from the workshop, there are only a few dozen of them, most of which aren't very interesting.-The collision physics needs some work. It's way too easy to accidentally fall through an object you didn't mean to, right onto some instadeath spikes.-You get several powerful abilities, but they're mostly just for platforming and puzzle solving. Even though you can buy skills to let you use them in combat, there's never really a reason to do so, especially against the bosses. Speaking of which...-The difficulty progression is off. The first boss was a huge challenge, and I died a ton of times before I got the hang of it. But I beat the final boss on my first try, and the last few before that went pretty easily as well. I'm sure part of it was that I didn't know what I was doing as well with the first boss, but I think that more of it was that I was just too powerful by the time I got to the final boss. Against the first boss, you have to avoid pretty much every attack if you want to survive. But by the time you get to the last few bosses, you have a lot more health and you'll be able to heal damage as fast as they can deal it without even really trying.-The story/writing isn't very engaging. Maybe it's better in Japanese, but the translation really isn't very good.-The art during the levels always seems a bit odd since the player and the enemies are so much more detailed than everything around them.But despite my complaints, I do think the game was a lot of fun. I might not ever pick it back up, but I don't regret the time I invested into it."
76561198123410178,Recommended,454410,29770700,Posted: 7 February,all,Shaccyoi,"It's great, totally want to keep playing, but are you sure this game is completely done already?I was told it just exited the early access state and is now a complete game but especially with still quite a lot grammar mistakes in the text it doesn't feel that way.still recommending it though!"
,Recommended,454410,32638049,Posted: 22 June,all,Gay Spaghetti Chef,"I can't put into words how much I love this game. It looks amazing, the puzzles and boss fights are challenging enough to give you a feeling of fufillment when triumphed, dialogue (while a bit off in some places, but not too bad) is pretty great, the enemy designs are just plain rad(especially Astra Sarama), and that's just scratching the surface. I would gladly play through this game over and over again. I'm just a sucker for good boss fights and puzzles and this game does way more than deliver on that end. I'm in the middle of another playthrough as I write this as well. I should get back to it. This game gets my two thumbs up and a 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,454410,30329562,Posted: 4 March,all,Zeream,"Giga Wrecker is avery prettybut very run-of-the-mill puzzle platformer with most everything being forgetable besides the artstyle and boss fights.  7/10 Average for its type, with several nice things.Graphics:I'm going to get the gush out of the way first.  I am severly biased here, as the game's artist, ASGR (aka Asagiri), is one of my top favorite artists in the world and has been for several years. Its no exaggeration to say his art speaks to me. I was downtroden, as over the last year I thought he had dropped off the face of the earth. Low and behold this past February I learned that he had spent that time working on this game.  And hoh boy was it worth it.  I can say I bought this game full price solely for the beautiful artstyle, nothing else included.So yes, I am very biased in that case, but I tried to look at everything else with a keen eye.Game looks fantastic at 1080p, everything is drawn very very crisp and there are no upscaling problems; in fact some textures are so high resolution that you get some downscaling pixelation, especially on the player character's sprite when the camera zooms out a lot.  The artstyle is pretty damn strong, and the game screenshots speak for themselves.  The animation is also very fluid and never breaks that artstyle even with its fluidity.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=858914194Camera is automatically adjusted to provide the best cinematic and puzzle solving experience.  When a puzzle calls for you needing to see the entire area, the camera pans out to do that.  When the game wants you to focus on a specific aspect of the puzzle when you walk into that area, the game does that.  When the game wants to show you some fantastic bit of background to build ambiance, the game does that too!  Its great in those situations, but annoying in others. Sometimes the camera moves unnaturally and too quickly; the panning and zooming when you walk between areas can cause motion sickness, so be wary if you're sensitive to that stuff.One interesting and unexpected addon to the game are cosmetics for the abilities you gain throughout the game.  Some look awesome, some are nostalgic, and others are just plain funny.  Its a fun addition to the game and definitely helps build some love for it.Sound:Soundtrack is good, but its really repetitive so it might get on your nerves after a while. Given a lot of puzzles take you some time to complete, it won't take you long to realize how short the music loops are.Sound effects themselves are spot on and really bring the game to life more than you'd think.  I think its the second strongest feature of the game behind the artstyle and presentation itself.Voice acting is a nice feature and gives personality to various foes you fight, but you'll notice that they resampled quite a few a few voices on the bosses.Gameplay:The game looks amazing, but take away the art and there really isn't much you haven't seen before.I used an xbox360 controller when playing this game and for the most part it controls fine. Area doors are annoying though, because the same button to attack up is the same button to open a door.The gameplay boils down to something kind of like a metroidvania and physics puzzle platformer combined, whereas you gain new abilities as you progress through the game and unlock new puzzles with those abilities. Complete more puzzles to progress, and every once in a while there is a boss fight. Unlike a metroidvania the game has next to no optional backtracking, although there are optional areas and puzzles.  There are some RPG elements thrown in that let you upgrade your existing abilities and add on to their capabilities.  An unusual mix of gameplay elements, but again nothing you haven't seen before.So yeah, ironically the boss fights in this game are better than the core puzzle gameplay. That's my personal opinion, but I felt much less frustration and had a lot more fun on them rather than the puzzles themselves, I explain below.The Boss fights are the funnest, best designed parts of this game. The major downside to some is that all the boss fights are entirely scripted rather than reactive, so most of the difficulty revolves around timing and memorizing the patterns.  Also, at first many of the boss earlier fight mechanics are never revealed to you until you die several times, at which point the game will give you a necessary hint.  Later boss fights also never tell you that they randomly borrow from the mechanics learned in other boss fights and other parts of the game, so keep an eye out and react instinctually.More than often not you'll find yourself fighting the physics of the game rather than elegantly using it to your advantage. A lot of puzzles are very frustrating and there were a handful I felt like I had to ""cheat"" my way through rather than take the intended path (note by cheat I mean complete the puzzle in a way that the developers obviously didn't intend). Another handful of puzzles felt like I only completed them from sheer luck. That hints at some bad puzzle design. You can't stop all the exploits, but when its so unclear how to solve them such that the player resorts to unintentional methods or game exploits to progress, that is a problem.  That said, there were some very fun puzzles as well.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870228994Plot / Story / World:This is the weakest part of the game.  There are times when you'll feel a twinge for the players as you read their dialogue, but its super super freaking cliche and is on the whole unbelievable, even when you consider it from within its own  ridiculous bubble.  If you have encountered much eastern scifi or post-apocalyptic stuff before (or any time travel), then you'll see everything coming from a mile off.  The game doesn't try to be anything but simple in nature, but its annoyingly simple and very tropey (and not in a good way).  There is little to no satisfaction (comparably to the other features of the game) in progressing to see the plot unfold, since there is barely any there to sustain the player and what is there is so utterly cliche, predictable, and tropey.That's not to say the characters aren't interesting; many of the bosses are so cool looking.  All I'm saying is that more than likely most of your love from the characters will come from the character designs and actions taken in battle, rather than the dialogue or plot.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869510534Translation:Its weak and full of engrish.  You'll get the point of the game and what is going on but it definitely won't sound natural."
,Recommended,454410,30473607,Posted: 12 March,all,Gwynbleidd,"Each room is basically a puzzle, with a few ways to solve it as you unlock more abilities.The boss fights are all about timing and countering their techniques, usually requiring you not to get hit at all or you miss your opportunity to strike back.However there where times were I would fall through a platform that was on an angle, usually resulting in death.Overall it was a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,454410,31864065,Posted: 20 May,all,Massic,"<1 Hour Later>- The localization is painful, the words can read but it takes some used to- Some of the hitboxes/colliders don't react predictably, sometimes registering a ""hit"" with the player for no apparent reason and others missing it entirely- The soundtrack is really mellow, which if the combat element didn't feature so prominently would be much more fitting- The physics component is well done for the most part, although I've already experienced issues where the direction I'm facing influences the speed of certain objects making precise positioning needlessly difficult- The exposition dump is really condensed and jumps straight into terms and structure unique to the game world rather than slowly introducing you to one element at a time and building it up. It reads likea list of bullet points being read to you by someone offscreenIt feels like an attempt at a mix of Kill La Kill, Megaman and a physics based platformer, and so far it's reasonably successful. However the game mechanics and script don't seem to mesh as cleanly as they should for me.<1.1 Hours Later>Just ALT-F4'd.There's no reason that the camera cannot follow the character and keep a functional distance at all times. After realizing that I had neglected to go to a save point (which considering the open world feel and that this game does not appear to be attempting to be a rogue-like makes NO sense) I died because the camera got up close to the character and didn't show me that there was an enemy directly below me. I dropped down and got juggled to death. There are ""zones"" or areas of the map that will cause the camera to draw closer or farther away from the character, and since the camera isn't locked to the character's horizontal movement this actually becomes nauseating.This basic design flaw both questions and answers so much about Game Freak."
,Recommended,454410,25027940,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Uchiaro,"Easy to play, suitable for casual gamers.A story plot that everyone can understand.Good soundtrack.Graphical illustration that fits Game Freak a lot.If you like those GBA megaman zero or Rogue Legacy this can be your game."
76561198051374574,Recommended,454410,25299114,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,AblazinGrace,"Preordered Pokemon Sun, but I'd gladly trade that in for more GIGA WRECKER developement T.T NEED MOAR STORY MODE PLOX (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻For real though, this game is tops. It's like Megaman with puzzles, where puzzles take the place of most of the running, gunning, hacking, slashing, dodging, and yes, dying alot in the old Megaman games... And the music is amazing as well. Kicks the crap outta Final Fantasy's soundtracks!"
,Recommended,454410,35409805,Posted: 2 October,all,Scholastic Moonlighter,"Generally fun game, if a bit on the simple end of things for a puzzle platformer, even with a physics puzzle bent. The vast majority of the game is straightforward enough in regards to figuring out the solutions, and there was only ever one time I became stuck.While there's nothing overly complex about this game, it plays well, the platforming is quite solid (although perhaps a bit too reliant on the instant death spikes towards the end) and the bosses while were fun and distinct.The story and characters are a bit on the flat side unfortunately, and there are a lot of odd localization choices for the translation, which leaves some bits reading awkwardly (but understandably). It's fun for what it is, and honestly the aesthetics of everything carry it through where the story and characters fail. Game is gorgeous, can't argue that."
76561198142011295,Recommended,454410,35168511,Posted: 23 September,all,Zinico,"An oddly enticing puzzle game, it has very good game feel and suprisingly unique puzzles. The only downside is that you can screw yourself out of puzzles, which is why there's a rewind mechanic. And even that's a streach since by designing them were they can have fail states gives it the ability to have unique puzzles and combat senarios. Plus it has a level editor so you can have infinite levels to pick from ."
,Recommended,454410,30516122,Posted: 14 March,all,JDonte,Fun game with an ending I'd consider bittersweet. Some of the puzzles were a tad bit annoying but that's to be expected when most of the game revolves around them.
,Recommended,454410,25266395,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Myerax,"This game is really fun a great for an early access one, gamefreak, ya made a good game! But the fustration was real in this game but I enjoyed with it, the story was beautiful, the gameplay was great, the art you used in the short cutscenes when the character is moving itself, also can't wait to til january 2017!! You guys should really check this game out! It's great and you will love the story! Gameplay was kinda glitchy but I dealt with it and it wasn't that big of a deal anyways, but surely check it out! Game is great!"
,Recommended,454410,25541347,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pícaro,"This game suprized me I knew it was a puzzel platformer but it had some puzzels where I genuinely had to stop and think. The physics engine is pretty complexe (although a bit akward but its early acsess so im not going to complain. The music is nice and fits pretty well with the visuals. The background is very detailed and nice to look at. The filter thing is a nice touch and I really like the way the enemies look thoe i wish they were a bit harder. in the end im glad i bought it now and like hopefully enjoy watching this game develop. the oly thing i have to complain about is sudden frame drop when collecting a large amount of nanocrystals, and the flipping Reika's when she changes the direction she walk because her having a robot arm and the head spikes kinda makes it a bit jarring. Overall its worth checking out and i would recommend adding it to your library eather now or when its finished."
76561198096560985,Recommended,454410,29215426,Posted: 12 January,all,Rafa,"really good phisics based puzzle 2D platformerPS: oh boy do i love the alternate sprite for your weapons, instead of a blade a popsicle, instead of a drill an ice cream cone and instead of a debris block its a debris cookie"
,Recommended,454410,29411518,Posted: 21 January,all,ⓚⓚⓚ | d_dweeb,"I enjoy the game, but It's sad that it can't run good on my potato pc.other than that i love it."
,Recommended,454410,32057754,Posted: 30 May,all,FlameFrozen,"At last, I finish this game and beat the final boss.Firstly, it is not a ACT game!it is not a ACT game!it is not a ACT game!Only Boss fight need to use your hand, while other time we need to use our brains!All of the game experiences are find the answer of puzzle, but I like it.Finally, the boss fight is designed well, even better than other ACT game!"
,Recommended,454410,30298824,Posted: 3 March,all,Ekenwars,"I'd never expect the developers responsible for Pokemon to create a platformer this good. You would have expected that when developers like this hit big they would bask in their glory and spend their days relaxing and enjoying their fame and millions but noooo, Gamefreak HAD to make their own original game, just so that we could shut our mouths up for thinking that they were licking Nintendo's balls the whole time. And I'm glad they did, since this game turned out absolutely awesome.Pros:- Cute and awesome artwork- Adorable voice effects and music- Interesting and fun game mechanics- Challenging; you won't drop this one in a while- Level editor- Robot waifusCons:- The art is a bit too sharp for the game; takes some time getting used to- Default keyboard configurations are messed up, a controller is recommended- Somewhat awkward englishI believe that this game is 100% worth the money. It is enjoyable for both casual players and hardcore completionists. Good job Gamefreak for not disappointing."
,Recommended,454410,33141677,Posted: 2 July,all,Pokemanz,"The style of the game reminds me of Mega Man a little bit, which I enjoy. The game is fun and has an interesting story. Would definitely reccomend."
76561198131507005,Recommended,454410,30082359,Posted: 21 February,all,ac.pilot,"The Pros:The overall concept is unique, abilities are fun to play around with, the physics based puzzled are challenging and progress in a smooth diffculty curve.  The controls are responsive and the soundtrack is wonderful.  Some very unique ideas in terms of how abilties and resources interact and overall, the mechanics are wonderfully executed.  The animation is smooth and the visual effects are appreciable eye candy.  The Level buIlding and publishing features are a nice add for extra challenge proven by some very devious minds out there.The Cons:Artwork is hit or miss, either you'll like the style or you won't.  The dialogue atleast in English is a bit poorly translated and doesn't come across naturally, could use some work.  The story can be a bit weak at times, but does eventually muddle itself along to begin to grow on you.   Combat is somewhat lacking and lackluster, the enemy designs hold more potential then was actually given to them.  Obvious corner cutting in sprites, for instance left vs right facing is the same sprite flipped.  The writing seems to be the developers greatest weakness and is the main detractor for this title.Overall:The gameplay and challenge themselves are well worth the money, so long as you don't mind the weak aesthetics.  Honestly, if the developer hires a new writing team, this is a sequal worthy title.  If you're looking for a unique challenge that tries both your brain and your reflexes then I do reccommend getting this game."
76561198047436117,Recommended,454410,30307452,Posted: 3 March,all,Duke of Flukes,"Giga Wrecker is a puzzle/plateformer game with an anime art style that take place in a post apocolyptic planet. The character you play as has the ability to manipulate debris from enemies she kills and from rock formations she can destroy. The debris you collect is used as your main weapon and it has increased utility the more you collect.To begin with the combat in the game is very simplistic yet satisfying. Your attacks can be used to solve puzzles and destroy enemies. While satisfying the game does have a lack of enemy variety as there are only a handful of enemy types with single move sets. This however is not the main aspect of the game as the puzzles are what make up the core parts of the game. The only area where the combat truly excels is the boss fights. The bosses have multiple movesets and attacks which make them alot of fun to face even if you're not to great at platformers.The puzzles in the game are quite easy to solve but are unique in their nature do to the debris ability the game gives you. Most of your time in game will be solving these puzzles and trying to find the unfortunately limited amount of collectable items. The puzzles can either be fun to solve or become a nightmare do to the sometimes wonky physics engine. You may very well know the solution to a puzzle but executing it properly is finicky sometimes.The game has a leveling system which is very 1-dimensional as the upgrades you get for them are uninspired. These upgrades  range from more health to extra weapon damage and range.Finally, the game's story is nothing special as it is filled with common tropes and bland characters. I'm not going to go into the specifics as to not spoil anything. The story is atleast entertaining as for most of the game there is an element of mystery. The overall story is soft-hearted with some dark elements thrown in. If I could describe the story's appeal in 1 word, it would be ""cute"". The character designs also reflect that description.Overall I think Giga Wrecker is a fun casual game that you will enjoy if you like cute characters and satisfying puzzle/platformer gameplay. It was enough to entertain me for around 18 hours with screwing around with the level creator and gameplay elements."
,Recommended,454410,30299789,Posted: 3 March,all,アイリス,"Reminds me so much of the Megaman series, except the puzzles are like 300% harder. Longest i have ever taken was 1 hour and it was the worst and best 1 hour. Would 5/10 do another hard af puzzle.Of course, this game is nearly perfect, if it wasnt for the fact that the entire game feels like an ice stage. The character sliders across the screen when im trying to balance myself on a pillar.Boss designs? Absolutely badass. Wish i took a screenshot of the first one but got too engrossed on trying to figure out her patterns... Come to think of it i also forgot to do it with the second one. If any of you kind peeps could get one for me..? Or is there a gallery somewhere?Soundtrack? Really catchy and endearing. 10/10 would buy the OST once i get the money to do so.Other complaints other than ice level level movement? Maybe sometimes the screen zooms out way too much but i guess its for visibility so i can't really call that a valid complaint.Would i recommend it? Yeah sure, go for it! As expected of GAME FREAK, this game is really fun.capcom when revive megaman mmmmm?"
,Recommended,454410,29771193,Posted: 7 February,all,ExpiredAlphabits,Awesome art and clever characters. The mechanics are simple but surprisingly fun. It's awesome to go around and throw giant rocks at enemies. 10/10.You can check out my let's play of it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3koDNvYOhE
76561198031494442,Recommended,454410,27413951,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kryl@byt,Interesting and fun gameplay overall an amazing gem by GameFreak.
,Recommended,454410,32113455,Posted: 1 June,all,Kaas272,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
76561197995017516,Not Recommended,454410,33706912,Posted: 21 July,all,DutchSantaFe,"I really wanted to like this game, but due to some flaws I can't really reccomend it, especially at full price.First off, this game is much more of a puzzle game than a platformer, at least the portions I was able to get through. So if you are expecting a platformer with puzzle elements (e.g. Trine) you will be dissapointed.Pros:Good graphicsCreative DesignCons:Disjointed - The different sections of the game don't really mesh well. This is particularly evident in the boss fights, when the game abruptly changes from ""go your own pace"" puzzles to ""frantic timing""Unpolished:Both the translation and design seem rushed.Some areas have no music, with no particular reason why there shouldn't be any.Checkpoints are not automatic, so if you forget to activate one you get sent back several screens upon death.Sometimes puzzles solutions don't work because a piece of debris gets stuck somewhere. This has caused me to reject correct solutions at least once, possibly twice."
,Recommended,454410,25918041,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bigpanther,really fun game. I really love this game.
,Recommended,454410,29755244,Posted: 6 February,all,Ph.D Hakase,"Yeah, this game was pretty fun... but it's pretty hard to play. I don't know if they are goin g to make more contents for this game, but now, this game isnt that much fun as you guys think. I recommend you to try, and if you dont like it, refund."
76561198035866887,Recommended,454410,28888840,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zoo'oob,Very good. Also very hard. Why did other reviewers give it a bad review? Did they think it would hold their hand like Pokemon?
76561197966370322,Not Recommended,454410,33659367,Posted: 19 July,all,Macross_VF1,"I seriously don't see how this game can get a positive score. Yes, the graphics are certainly not bad, nor is the soundtrack but the controls are kinda wonky and it suffers from some old school game design in the form of ridiculous spiky death traps and obnoxious knockback. Still, not that much of a problem if you've suffered through the NES era.However what well and truly kills the game and makes me want to throw my controller through the screen in rage is the physics based puzzles. For instance, in some places you need to guide a wall bouncing laser to hit a certain spot. The physics mean you have potentially hundreds of variables to take into account and in many cases it comes down to pure RNG if you get it right or not. Did your block fall in right angle? Did the destructible surroundings settle in the proper manner?I quite frankly want my money back."
,Not Recommended,454410,33395877,Posted: 8 July,all,Georgie,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I WHIP OUT MY JAVELIN?
76561197960560982,Not Recommended,454410,34051098,Posted: 5 August,all,TroubleEntendre,"You literally can't play any part of the first fifteen minutes of this game for more than 90 seconds in a row before it will interrupt you with another tedious, boring conversation between forgettable characters mumbling expository dialog. If the gameplay was fun I'd tough it out, but it's not. It's just kinda...there. Don't waste your time."
76561198002549182,Recommended,454410,29768545,Posted: 7 February,all,Gufubu,Make Platformer great again  12/10
,Not Recommended,454410,24998902,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BriHard,"As one would expect with an Early Access title it is very rough. Gameplay doesn't flow as well as it should and hopefully this will be fixed later on. Animations themselves are quite rough and don't read well when the camera pulls out. Despite the camera pulling in and out appropriatley to match what's happening on screen an adjustable camera view would be preferable. I'm only 40 minutes in as of writing this and will update as I continue playing and updates occur, but I can at least say that even this far in I'm still not out of the tutorial and that everything in the core gameplay is rough and clunky. Sometimes the jump button will result in the player character jumping and it's not eactly uncommon for them to fall through walls and floors either, especially when in mid-air.The biggest fault so far has been the game's hook of creating and distorting platforms with the rubble the player obtains. It presents interesting ideas, but the game is very picky about using them for combat and they generally only work half the time. In certain tutorial segments the player is outright restricted from using any attacks or skills that aren't the one it asks them to use, despite levels being designed to allow for other skill usage. Levels are actually designed with reset markers in case the player somehow screws up a puzzle and needs to reset the entire screen. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it helps highlight the faults in design when you have to reset a puzzle multiple times as a result of the physics acting up.So far there is little difference in visual design, but I'm hoping it changes in the later levels so I won't really count that against it unelss that is the case later on.Wait for a few updates and see how reviews have changed. I've no doubt the devs will turn this into a fun title by the end of things, but for now I'd advise on waiting before you pick this up."
,Recommended,454410,29771450,Posted: 7 February,all,Sora Hjort,"Giga Wrecker gigagiga, giga wrecker wreckwreck, gig ker giga. Ker wreck giga gi. Wrecker wreck gi gi ker. Giga Wrecker ga giga. Ga gi ker wreck Giga Wrecker.8 / Giga - Wrecker gigiga wreck."
76561197980186686,Not Recommended,454410,26392145,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TrueChicken,"I cant reccomend the game in this state. But the game is in early access so this is fine. I will remember to come check again the game and re evaluate my review.For now, here's a list of improvements needed:1. Tottaly uncalled for tsundere trope on the main character.2. Very mediocre oversimplistic post apocalipse story with hard to believe explanations for things. Maybe changing the tone from drama to comedy would be a simpler way of not needing to deal with the actual requeriments of a believable dramatic storyline.3. The character has a black outline that becames very ugly (low res) when seen from far. And you see the character from far 99% of the time.4. Way too simplistic UI elements."
,Recommended,454410,29771575,Posted: 7 February,all,Charox,1 word...NANOMACHINES
76561198121967341,Not Recommended,454410,28874824,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,oOkami,"At very first, that game feels great. But after few upgrades it gets worse.Pros1. Concept and StoryCons.1. Slippery control2. Scripted Boss FightThe 2nd Boss is to hard for rookie, what a disaster!3. Some Stupid puzzle4. BGMAnd, yes we are still in EA..."
76561198273914721,Recommended,454410,33539973,Posted: 14 July,all,BAD,I loved this game it had a good story and amazing graphics i admit it did have cons but it makes up for it with amazing puzzles if you like doing puzzles i would absolutly recommend this game the price also pefectly fits the game
,Recommended,454410,30009432,Posted: 18 February,all,Xenon,Highly recommendedFor those looking for 2D Action and puzzles
76561198065620659,Recommended,454410,29888935,Posted: 12 February,all,Thicc Crompton,"Amazing game, you did it again Gamefreak. This game has great, yet frustrating puzzles, amazing artwork (that make really good wallpapers btw) a good sountrack, and challenging boss fights that are actually fun. This game has definitely risen to my top 10 favorites of all time."
