user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198058113636,Recommended,454530,22796677,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,smuttlegiaco,"This game is a winner. The last few years no other wargame managed to suck me in like this. Either they were too much on the easy side or to complex. This one is exactly right. The feeling you get managing the Ostfront is unparalelled.First there's the basic hex wargame. I don't have to manage each and every little artillery regiment, special unit or air wing. It's all on the divisional level with a fair amount of abstraction. This makes the game playable. No micromanagement slugfest here.Note: It's still a hex counter wargame, so complexity is rather high if you're used to RTS games or Risk or something like that. Learning and knowing unit stats, supply behavior and action point costs is a must. Good thing: the guys made help videos, accessible in the game. Grab a beer, coffee or whatever else and take some time watching them - else I predict frustration.Second we have the political meta game. This is such a nice, well done thing - I can't praise it high enough. See the tears in my eyes? These are tears of joy. The meta game is what sucked me in. I feel as if I'm actually in a chain of command. I feel that my decisions matter. That's awesome. Having to manage my political  relations with Generals, my Chief of Staff, Hitler, bloated Goering and many others is what makes the game stand miles above any wargame I played in the last 25 years.I am in my second game vs the AI, turn 3. This turn I mainly brought my armies in position, Army Group Centers and Army Group Norths Panzer Groups stand ready to encircle large contigents of soviet troops next turn. I can't wait to do see my glorious plans come to life. Once I played 2-3 games vs the AI I will look for human enemies. Just you wait! :)So, enough talk. You like wargames? You like WW2? You like making hard decisions? You are able to concentrate and read text? You like the feeling of being a commander in the biggest war in history?Get the game, it's worth every penny - a labor of love. Support your independent wargame developer."
76561198006391828,Recommended,454530,22930679,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jmacjmac006,"I am a grand strategy junkie. I love world military history and am a master of Hoi 1,2 &3. I also have played ck2, panzer corps and other games in the multitudes of genres to death. I have stayed away from these Decisive Campaigns because of what I perceived as a limited scope. I said to myself, I don't want to just fight to paris or just to fight the eastern front then have the game be over. This kept me away for years from these types of games and damn I've been cheating myself.This game is the perfect mix of strategy, tactical combat and role playing. It is a an excellent addition to any fan of military history, strategy, tactics or lovers of the turn based game. What is so very unique is the multitude of decisions you get to make as the overall commander of operation Barbarosa. I can not stress enough the journey you get to make as both officers above and below you haggle, beg, demand and interfere with how you execute the war. While these games have been around awhile, they are relatively new to steam and this is absolutely a fresh take on ww2 that I'd like to see more of......what this game does absolutely better then another other is put you in the generals chair.As far as specific mechanics go.....the learning curve is actually very reasonable as far as strategy games go. Inside the game are 14 approximiately 2-2:30 tutorial videos explaining the mechanics and it is clear, concise and all relevant material. The game has a huge manual is thats your thing but you don't need it, after the videos, play one turn, get the reports from your next turn and it all falls into place.Another thing i was concerned with was replay value, this value is different to each person but to me it does that job in two ways. You can play as stalin and control the soviets, which is excellent and because of how each side had to wage the war you really get 2 games in one. Another way they make it replayable is by having some very important option buttons for your game, you can choose to play historial or a more fluid game with more possibilities. You can also choose to have geneva convention rules apply or more realistically where they arent being followed. I applaud them for the historical context and the choices you have to make as commander.the tactical game is easy to learn yet mastering it is going to be on your individual ability to handle not only combat, but logistics and juggling priorties since you are in overall command of all 3 theatres or army groups north, south, and center.If you like strategy, tactics, turn based gameplay i highly recommend this. If you are a beginner or veteran war gamer that wants a deeper, richer and more immersive experience I highly recommend this game. Feel free to ask me any questions I'm happy to share my thoughts with like minded gamers."
,Recommended,454530,31497690,Posted: 1 May,all,Hobotango,"Best Eastern front there is out there... It beats Gary Grigsby's War in the East for me only because of the role playing feature. It adds so much more immersion and a feel of actually fighting a war.Of course, War in the East has more depth into it but anyway.  If you bother to look at review, its because you know you might like it, and im here to tell you, you WILL like it."
,Recommended,454530,29885959,Posted: 12 February,all,Zero Suit Link,"Hey, Steam people!Do you believe wargames should consist of more than just grinding chits against each other?Do you want to disabuse yourself of myths about the Axis/Soviet armies during the Great Patriotic War/Operation Barbarossa/the invasion of the Soviet Union?Do you like the idea of screaming ♥♥♥♥ YOU, HITLER! when he changes your final objectives right under your nose?Do you enjoy getting into arguments about the superiority of trains over trucks (or vice versa, I'm not going to judge)?If you said yes, then get this game. It's great fun, especially with another player."
76561197976327138,Recommended,454530,22772643,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,becephalus,"This game really gives you the feeling of being on the general staff.  Quite the accomplishment and not really much else like it.  The feeling fo pushing papers around is great, and it is nice to see some new ideas in wargaming.Really enjoying my first campaign, though I don't think it will end well."
76561198007341546,Recommended,454530,29871302,Posted: 12 February,all,bascrebolder,"I have been playing wargames for nearly 20 years. Both on board and on the PC. I seriously believe this is the best PC-Wargame I have come across in all that time! Any serious wargamer should get a copy of this absolutely fabulous game!It has a nice emphasis on command & control, logistics and fog of war. All these things that are so often forgotten in wargames... I really don't understand why this game isnt even more popular than it is. As far as I am concerned it's a hidden gem!"
,Recommended,454530,35186792,Posted: 24 September,all,the_rock0123,"I bought this game not realising how magnificent this game is and I hope you have the same experience. I like to complete a game before writing a review but 90 hours in and with my game hours the third highest of all of my games (next to Motorsport Manager as 2 and Pike and Shot Campaigns as 1), I feel happy in making this review. Simply: If there was an award for the “Best Ever wargame made for PC”, I think this would win it hands down.  This is the best WW2 strategy and tactics simulator you will get your hands on (and yes, even looking at you Gary Grigsby).  I don’t choose my words lightly but when you have a wargame that gets 100% positive reviews it makes you sit up and take notice of why it’s so good. Everything is as near to perfect a you will find in a wargame:1 – The roleplaying element is perfect, unique for this type of game and what sets it apart from Gary Grigsby games. Instead of shoving counters around a map, I actually AM the general in command, I have my superiors to keep happy, colleagues of similar rank and subordinates. In this game you don’t just push around counters but you have to care about people (or not). Decisions can include whether to help with propaganda efforts, whether to join the Fuhrer’s party (I didn’t realise until now that most officers are Antis).  You can turn off “moral” decisions, but if not, you’ll have to choose whether to help or hinder the SS completing “special tasks” and you will be considered for war crime trials at the end.  Overall, there’s about 10<15 people to interact with and keep happy.  Making them unhappy will give significant penalties e.g. Artillery won’t show up, maintenance is more “expensive”, Air Support less effective, etc. etc.2 – The Grand Campaign simulation for WW2 has finally been simplified without losing detail (again, looking at Gary Grigsby here – you are FAR better starting with this game or transitioning into this system from Gary Grigsby, as I did).  Tutorial is via video in game and you will need to watch them twice to understand the game (perhaps an hour+ effort).  You’ll also panic when first seeing the interface – “why can’t I move my army” “how do I make basic decisions”. Before you realise: The first turn is a decision turn only and all troops have 0 Action Points turn one, and each decision does indeed have around 5 screens per decision (1 to make the decision, 1 to provide a historical background (how many games provide this historical backround?), the rest being view points from affected parties to help you decide a decision).  Although a lot of screen shots show NATO symbols you can play with a more graphical interface (which I do) to instantly see if a Regiment is Infantry or Panzer. Movement and Attacking is so simple – click a hot key and move, or choose troops to attack.  Don’t over-stack hexes and keep watch on a units Morale and Cohesion.  If it gets too low you can play a “card” to rest them.3 – The card system is a fantastic idea.  Cards are used to control which units have “command focus” (i.e. leaders bonus), how to use air support (very happy air support is represented by cards in this game, and you simply choose where Army Group North/Centre/South airfields are based), to rest units, to deploy artillery or where to deploy reinforcements, etc.  Each card has a Political Point (PP) cost and you need to spend PP on either cards or the roleplaying decisions (of which there could be perhaps 6<15 per turn). You get extra PP for each decision you have to deal with and each city you take.  Your relations dictate how expensive an action is to take in PP cost – if you have poor relations with a front leader, don’t expect decisions on that front to be “cheap”.  I love the tutorial where the designer says “play and forget”.  i.e. simply play the cards once and that bonus will continue to be provided until an event means it cannot or you choose to change which unit receives the bonus.4 – The AI is very good and a big challenge (you can change difficultly settings to suit).  It will form defensive lines, complete counter-attacks, withdraw at some points. It’s never easy to get towards the objectives, but highly worth spending your time pondering over things.  Luckily, you do have intelligence reports (should you choose to read them) that will help in gauging a threat in a certain area by giving limited oversight into the fog of war.  In fact, you get a LOT of great reporting in this game (but you DON’T have to be a bean counter and read it all to play this game).5 – The logistics and weather are simulated VERY well. Logistics is via Train and Truck and you have a limited number of both that will automatically move around (don’t permanently lose trucks/trains – else you’re in BIG trouble!!! Keep them well MAINTAINED).  The player can affect efficiency and wear/tear – don’t make your trucks run more than 10 hex to a Panzer HQ else they will wear out and spend more oil than the oil being delivered.  In this respect, oil is a HUGE and critical problem.  Your supplies are extremely tight and running a Panzer Group in “Blitzkrieg” posture (gaining attacking bonuses) uses A LOT of fuel. Often my North and South groups ran out of fuel.  If you are out of fuel, you simply cannot move mechanized vehicles – Panzers, etc.    It gets very hard and restricted to say the least (and when you move your “Forward Supply Base” supplies of oil are NOT delivered at all for one turn – you must use stored oil, that’s IF you have it). Trains will get supplies to your “Forward Supply Base” but your engineering staff will need to convert the track to German gauge first (again, an automatic element which depends on the decision cards you take, relationships and whether it is physically possible to extend the track – is it in enemy territory or not). I have seen mud represented which slows movement up, terrain has an effect on battles by operating troop types at x% effectiveness (shown in the clear display screen if you hover over the terrarin type in the top centre).6 – The graphics/charts are clean and neat, not cluttered at all.  There’s a HUGE number of statistics in this game for people who like to see detail, but you don’t need to read it all.  You can see amount of kills, equipment in use, very detailed battle reports for each engagement, detailed Order of Battle, Daily Reports, reports on most tired units, lowest morale, etc.7 – The game measures you /5 in all areas such as Strategy/Tactics/Relationships/Ethics, etc. – all are important.  Tactics are hugely important in this game, you really do want to make sure you attack at the right time with the right units else poor planning will be punished harshly (you make end up with units being disciplined and receiving permanent negative bonuses rather than awards for a great performance).8 – Supplies and replacements are challenging to manage.  You need supplies at the divisional level (e.g. Ammo, etc.) to mount offensive battles, but resources are very limited. So, you can accept the default distribution of supplies, or, toggle supplies to be received by each unit (micromanagement). The same is true of “replacements” to reinforce the units.  You CAN micromanage, or choose to ignore that aspect without a “huge” effect.There’s just “a lot” in this game, but it’s presented in a clean and simple way.  If you fancy getting this game because you are interested in WW2 grand strategy and tactical games (on a huge scale) I would 100% say get this today, give it a go for 2 hours, and once you “get it” and its mechanics, you won’t look back (you will need to re-start the campaign a few times to get the hang of this).  The designer is not just any designer but a master of his genre, very much like Sid Meier is a master of business and strategy games.  When you get a passionate master who works on something, you know the end result is going to be very special indeed.  Congratulations on this masterpiece!My rating – 10/10 100% Must Buy"
,Recommended,454530,22759722,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,GeneralHawk,"Delightfully easy to learn and play.  The dynamics of the command system they have developed makes for an incredible experience.   Runs beautifully and while you can feel a strong engine underneath, the game is surprisingly easy to play.  Love it, congrats to the developers on this incredible game and I cannot recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,454530,22803516,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ickie•°,"Decisive Campaigns: BarbarossaDon't know if i should do a review this early into the game,but when you think about it,does it really matter when ive made up my mind already!?.I only bought this game yesterday morning,but its still on in the background along with a stack(x10)of youtube tutorials'thrown'onto the Tv.Now i seriously struggle with HoI3(Hearts of iron)and it really frustrates me so that i can't play it!!.So you can see i was a little worried to begin with,but this just passed as quick,as i started to shove my units around the'board',this game is totally playable from the off,which im happy to say.The built in tutorials,theres quite a few watch them all before you play is my ""Tip Of The Day"",some of them ive played a number of times already and ill probally visit them again too,they are just the right length not boring or too technical,i sat and watched all of them in one go.You will learn stuff that would fly past you otherwise unnoticed.Im going to keep this review short mainly because of the samll amount of hours ive put in,read more reviews if your still not sure,this is NOT HoI thankfully.This is ooozing with stats+info so if you like that then...The GFX are even passable i mean a few more explosions etc and maybe a little movement with the icons ont he top of the counters would have been nicer,but i understand that you dont need top notch graphics for TBS,but i have seen recently i think on matrix games think it was Order of Battles newest title correct me if im wrong,has nice effects as each units makes its moves.Only one gripe(See Edit at bottom) and thats just been spotted on the Tutorial video playing behind me is showing a swastika on its german flags which is totally fine by me,and mine only has Nato or politiically correct counters!;) Maybe this tutorial was shot in beta?CoH did this a few years back and it was disapointing.Leave them in even if its for realisms sake,and they look much better too,apart from that the game is awesome and beyond my expectations in the end,going to get the Case blue next 100%,itching to get it now,but as steams summer sale is coming up i might be able to hold on a few more weeks for the % but idk for sure.Seeing as im getting back into hexwar games,played PG to death back in its day,who didnt?,this game is is along the same lines but with so much more included,i was torn between thisDC:B or Gary Grisbys as they both look very similar indeed and after doing my homework i chose to buy this.You won't be disapointed if you love Hexwar Games with a bit more than the average,and Perfect if your an Infomation♥♥♥♥♥♥?,it's got stats galore!...great game so far...and it was a nice bonus to get the 20%off £6.00 is a nice discount.-EDIT:My Game now has the rather nice ""Classic""counters which you can find in that LINK below from Philippe_at_bay.My Counters now have Lovely Artwork on them,this game really is a little Gem.You can modify the pants off it!:)>>If you like this Review and like me went and bought the Game use that link below and it will take you to the Hub where youc an get all sorts of Files to shape the Game how YOU like it!.Enjoy.EDIT:(Since i have managed to put back the original Flags,thats twice now,so i make steam now not update ANY of my games.Im happy this game lets you do this,after we are all adults here and its fine in the UK.This is becoming such that now im making it a point to not purchase world war two games that are with PC symbols,after all how can you tell they are germans?You can't,because with  out symbols they could just as well be Hungarians or even Romanians.Leave the things alone.Fair play to the guys at VR games.:) I will continue to buy your Games.21/11/2016"
76561198022296391,Recommended,454530,30478299,Posted: 12 March,all,MacAttack,"I love this game.  It's everything I've been missing since HOI3 decided to take a left turn and dump their echelon battle system for a UEIV style combat system.  The detail in this game is astounding, but what is more impressive is how they put it into a UI that is so simple to get after a few starts.  And, what's intimidating is that this is a challenging game at it's ""normal"" or lowest AI setting....I wonder how it's going to shred me when I start increasing that?  It's a great beer and pretzel game when you have a snow storm or a boring weekend day game.  I love the whole game, and if you like strategy, I would pick it up...if any of you want to try out the multiplayer with me, just give me a buzz...."
76561197976571139,Recommended,454530,22743787,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ceeker,"Strikes a good middle ground between light strategy games and monsters like Gary Grigsby's War in the East.The tutorial videos included in the in-game help teach you everything you need to know, and are a welcome addition. I suspect newbies to the genre will find this one of the more accessible titles around, though you will still need to do a lot of micromanaging and the sheer amount of units that you need to individually control may be intimidating. Smaller introductory scenarios, maybe limiting you to the role of an army group commander for a single theater (eg. north, central, south) would be a welcome addition.The logistics system is one of the most intuitive I've encountered in an operational level wargame. All of the information is straightforward and easily accessible. If you don't have enough fuel, it's easy to pull up information about why. Other than that, veteran grognards won't find much of note in the battle system to write home about. But that's OK, it sticks to a formula and does it well enough. The AI is competent and a worthy challenge. It seems easy at first, but wait...What differentiates this game from other wargames is the decision and staff system; you need to negotiate and compromise to achieve your objectives. I've not actually seen anything like this done properly before, and it's very cool! For example, one of the significant issues that arises is how to proceed with converting Soviet railway lines to be compatible with your German trains. Going for the the ""I don't care, do it was fast as possible"" approach will likely put your supply officers off side and make them less likely to support you in future, while opening you to other potential problems like train breakdowns, partisan attacks, etc. But slowing down to install signals and water towers, provide proper security, etc. will irritate some of your army officers, who want those supplies *now*. And when they don't get enough supplies, they'll be reluctant to push as far as they possibly can.And don't forget Hitler, trying to micromanage everything you do...Another interesting aspect to this decision system is that a toggle option in the menu can enable or disable controversial material (disabled by default so as not to cause offence). It's handled intelligently, without glorifying atrocities. It adds an interesting ethical dilemma, though - do you spend significant political capital trying to stop Himmler's Einsatzgruppen, or not bother and focus on winning the war instead, using that political capital on other things? I appreciate that the development team decided not to ignore this; most wargames do. It's an interesting challenge trying to be the good guy fighting on the side of the bad guys.In summary, this game makes you feel like you're an actual general as opposed to ""Army God"" (with the caveat that you can turn off all of the above, and play like a traditional wargame if you choose). This aspect alone makes it quite a clever game, and a unique take on what was possibly the most brutal conflict in history.Definitely recommended for genre fans looking for a somewhat different take on the formula."
,Recommended,454530,26345325,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kluge,"This is a superb operational level wargame that does an excellent job of capturing the feel of Operation Barbarossa from the viewpoint of a general. This is by and far my favorite operational game. It is not without its flaws, but I find those easy to overlook since it ultimately fills its niche so well.Play this game if you enjoy focusing on manuever and supply while ignoring resource production and unit micromanagement. Unlike grand strategy games, the number of tanks and men at your disposal are largely fixed. And unlike  tactical level games, combat is taken care of by a detailed simulation.I had been searching for an enjoyable operational level game when I finally came across DC: Barbarossa. Other games in this niche range from accessible yet cartoonish (Panzer Corps) to serious but micromanagement heavy(War in the East). In the middle lies Command Ops, but that is a game that is light on important decisions for a player to make. And then I finally played Decisive Campaigns. Sitting in the driver's seat was neither boring nor a chore for me- it was exciting! DC lands in the middle of the spectrum, with just the right amount of choices each turn.This said, the serious aspects of the game get in the way of accessibility. The interface leaves a lot to be desired. Simple moves can involve awkward sequences of keyboard presses and mouse clicks. Important information is often found buried in a sea of paperwork or on-screen stats. The game plays a bit slow as a result.The other weakness in the game is the Russian campaign. While the German side is lovingly crafted, the Russian side lacks the same attention to detail. That said, the German campaign provides more than enough playtime on it's own.All in all, I highly recommend this game if you're a hardcore fan of wargames. You will be especially pleased if you're specifically looking to play an operational level game- within the niche, DC: Barbarossa is simply the best of the class."
,Recommended,454530,30981501,Posted: 6 April,all,angelosnau,A grand strategy masterpiece.
76561197983120702,Recommended,454530,22734742,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Manco,"If you're looking for a tactical/strategic game, you may want to try Panzer Corps, which has a nice expansion into the Eastern Front. This game puts you in the shoes of Col. Gen. Franz Halder, who was the Operational Chief of Staff for the Eastern Operations, as such, you will have to manage multiple resources (oil, rail tracks, trucks, etc.), political demands and military egos, both above you and below you. Your superiors and subordinates will always look up to you and your decisions will affect their relationship with you, which in turn may affect the operational aspects of the Barbarossa Campaign. The game comes with a nice video tutorial available in the main screen and you may refer to it if a point remains obstruse. Overall, a nice game, but only for those who don't look for Michael Bay's style ""War bling""."
76561198034826180,Recommended,454530,28464597,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,steelwarrior77,Great game - challenging and with a lot of replay value - now we need expansions until 1946 ;-D
76561197972141782,Recommended,454530,28776064,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gnugnug,"Strikes an excellent balance between detail and playability, a challenge for any eastern front game. On top of that, the layering in of political and personal elements is a masterstroke which raises this game above its peers. The variety between campaigns is enough to keep replays interesting, but not so much as to feel random or ahistorical. Convincingly immerses the player in the atmosphere of high command, and from the German perspective, captures the nature of a campaign that begins as unstoppable, begins fraying at the edges, and gradually goes to hell from logistical disasters, weather snafus, political infighting, and the Nazis just being total jerks.Speaking of which, another major innovation of this game is that it ""goes there"" regarding the ideology behind the war. Dilemmas regarding ""incidents"" and ""POW food rations"" touch upon themes that, while uncomfortable, nonetheless played a central role in the historical operation. As a result the game feels much more immersive, realistic, and morally interesting than the usual sanitized simulations of this war.Can you keep the invasion on the rails past the first winter? However it turns out you'll get a juicy debriefing full of stats and narratives, including the results of your very own war crimes trial. After my first playthrough I was moved to read a lot more history on the subject and learned a great deal, even after all these years of being a wargaming grognard.Don't worry about the price. You'll get your money's worth."
76561198001364809,Recommended,454530,24098355,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tempest,The A.I. in this game is a real jewel. And the decision layer added is real clever. I really can't add any more then other positive comments. You won't be disappointed by the game play
76561197970593560,Recommended,454530,28367808,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cetan,Best wwii strategy game i have ever bought. I play Wite too but for me dcb is more realistic because the cards give much more a feeling to act like a leader. The decisions you must made are not only where you move your divisions/ armys - you must play on the right time the best cards. dcb feels more like a strategy/ rts game - really really great game mechanic. Hope there will be come a sequel.
,Recommended,454530,26170661,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Nemesis 2002,"First, let's get one thing out of the way : this is a wonderful wargame, right up there in my personal pantheon of strategy games with Flashpoint campaigns : Red Storm, and Unity of Command.What really sets it apart from anything else I know, is the sheer boldness of its premises : integrate roleplaying and historical reality in the gameplay in order to give it a unique feeling. If you've ever tried to imagined what it must have felt like to take sweeping decisions, juggling between army theaters, then this is the best I've ever seen and played.The AI, even in easy mode, will definitely punish every mistake.If I had to highlight a single flaw of the game, it would be the victory conditions' assessment : as Germany, by early September I got Moscow under control for 5 turns and Leningrad under control for 2 turns, and the game stopped (due to Moscow being held for 5 turns, which I expected), but I ended up getting a draw (with a slight advantage to the Soviets); frankly speaking, I'm sure I would have quietly held all three of the German's objectives by early October, so an option to let the player continue playing wwould have been great."
,Recommended,454530,25210799,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ramyland_maelstrom,"Decisive Campaigns SeriesI recommend very warmly this turn based little gem strategy game at operational command level with a very good intuitive interface&gameplay mechanics not overly convoluted , for those who want a greater challenge&have free time to spend - and also a more detailed historical background regarding the units in combat - the description on the game page is very accurate from my POV - 10/10 !NOTE: ""major"" changes between DC2 and DC3 are highlighted in the manual - so be sure to check that first - the strong point being enhanced chain of command interactions/decisons !Side note - i preferred DC: CB for the greater flexibility and micromanagement allowed on the battlefield - ex: separate artillery/air support units +  the possibility to assign divisions to other HQ !"
,Recommended,454530,26178471,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Raied,"The game is the third installment of the Decisive Campaign series, and it is definitely the best one.The game is using traditional hex turn based wargame strategy system with division level units to be controlled on a map that cover the eastern front of WW2.The main thing that make the game really distinguishable among many other similar strategy game is the RPG elements that have been added to the game, the elements are not just there for flavor and immersion, they are adding a whole layer of strategic decisions and operational thinking.The gameplay is very deep, and has excellent representation of controlling the high command of either the German or Soviet armies with high fidelity in almost all historical aspects of Operation Barbarossa from supply lines, weather condition and army organization to the details of each armies commanders and their relation to you as player in a high command.The cards system and the utilization of political points also make a lot of interesting but hard decision that you should choose in each turn, such as: where I should fortify, which army should be reorganized, which city to be garrisoned first and which commander should be shot and replaced, and many more, and the best thing when you see your action result on the next turn and how that changed the whole strategy on the map on your army.The AI of the game is excellent. However, the beauty of this game (or any wargame) is to be played with human opponent through the revolutionary Slitherine PBEM++ system, try it and you will never want to play against AI again.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is into WW2 strategy game on operational level, this game and GG: War in the East are the best available on steam right now, if you do not own any of them, you are doing wrong (I am looking at you Hearts of Iron fans)."
76561198076800204,Recommended,454530,33536519,Posted: 14 July,all,reinselc,"When I was a kid in the 90s, I remember reading about a game called ""road to moscow"".  It was going to be the leap forward in wargames.  Put you in command, where your division and corp commanders wouldn't do exactly what you wanted, and where you weren't a god moving 100's of counters around a map.That game, was way too much for the systems of the 90's and I never got to play it, but I always have been hoping someone would be able to build it.  This game is as close to that as I can imagine.  It is more than a wargame, it is a general simulator, and I cannot recommend it enough.Please support great games like this one.  (and no I don't have anything to do with the publisher or designer, just want to see more games like this made!)"
76561198006899983,Recommended,454530,33511969,Posted: 13 July,all,Jim_hatama,"This is kinda maybe the best wargame on PC right now. It needs some time to hook you, so be patient. When its rolling it kinda like to replay real barbarossa in person. You will regret decisions, ask why Leeb cant agree with you and why, why dont Panzergrpoups move - only to find that running  war is not only pushing counters, but managing between superiors and subordinates, arguing with supply department, dealing with political obstacles and watching all your plans get ruined."
76561198102021408,Recommended,454530,35317320,Posted: 29 September,all,torrent of a goose,excellent game. 51 positive reviews out of 52 says it all.historical immersive easy to learn...fun!highly recommended
,Recommended,454530,26697510,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dodenburg,"couple of days to pick up all the gameplay, but very addictive once you have the basics learnt.Have one crash on windows 10 no idea why, but thats after playing for over a week with no problems.Price seems a little high, but you have lots of  gameplay thats going to last you."
76561197996140314,Recommended,454530,22792737,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kof,"Quick note to let you know what I think of this game.Only for those who like turn based strategy on a pretty large scale. AI is good, quality of the initial release is also good. There's currently a 20% discount on Steam for this title.I'm happy with my purchase."
76561198100608621,Recommended,454530,22783177,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sour Kraut,"A simplified Hearts of Iron, with sole focus (as the title tells you) on the Eastern front.Simple game, but complex enough to keep you engaged. I found myself staring at the map for half an hour before committing troops, something that I haven't done in grand strategy titles.I attempted to solve the German error of logistics and had superb trucks and railways. Unfortunately, the campaign was fought to a standstill on the East Front on the Volga. No end in sight, and the Finnish were routed and occupied.I could not liberate them, and was heartbroken that my Finnish allies were destroyed, so I opted for a restart.I also enjoyed the option to have diary attachments. It made me a bit sad to see ol' Hugo killed, as well as the entries of real life officers.I believe this will replace my obession with Europa Univeralis four, I can't wait to conquer those filthy bolsheviks."
