user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198359732724,Recommended,454650,32130069,Posted: 2 June,all,ShrinkingOdin39,"First of all, i am a Dragon Ball fan.What i like in this game are as follows :* Fighting mechanics is superb, Better then the first game* The Parallel Quests are more diversed then the previous game* The story is ten times more interesting then the first game (in my opinion)* The transformation is more balanced, you cant just spam Ultimates, which makes the game less boring, it feels like you actualy get a power boost instead of just using ultimate attacks all the time* The leveling up system, especialy Guru's House, makes the game intriguingAnd last but not least, The 5 Time rifts ; The 5 time rifts are a very good addition to this game, every race you pick has a advantage from the house the same race is, for instance if you are a Earthling you get more zeni from Hercule's challenges.Now for the cons :* First of all the computer is actualy doing more *nothing* then the first game, they are just standing there, (i must say reviving is the only thing they do very quick) which makes some Expert missions impossible to do offline* The online feature, especialy Online battles and Pq's like to lagg a hard time, the funny thing is i am a blue bar (means 5 bars of connection strength), if i get instanced with a red or yellow bar (1 and 2 bar connection strength) it is almost impossible to play the selected mission, which makes this very frustrating atleast for meNow for the final conclusion ; I give this game a 7 out of 10 because there are more pro's then cons in my opinion.The game is very well balanced in terms of story, parallel quests and online battles.The reason for me to buy this game is simple, got it on sale for 25 euro, 50 euro is way to much for the current state of the game so i advise waiting for it if it is on sale.This was my first review, if this was helpfull to you please consider buying this game 'cause its very good.PEACE"
,Recommended,454650,32495076,Posted: 16 June,all,Brawler™,"Pros: It's a fantastic sequel. Combat, hub, characters, customization are all enhanced for the game. PvP is fun, but you may sometimes have major lag issues. It's an easy game for anyone to pick up, but takes time to get good. The system for transformations is improved and each race has a unique 'Awoken' (No more SSJ spammers) The selling point of the PC version IMO, is modding. You can add new characters, add new transformations, outfits, hairstyles, etc.Cons: Story isn't very good, nor is  the fact that you have to do it again for each new CaC. Just finish the Cooler/Freeza fight in story mode and you'll have flight and multi-lobby. (if you just wanna get straight to PvP) The devs are incredibly lazy, and they haven't patched bugs that have been going on for months. Devs don't care about PC seeing as our moderator, ""Kimundi"" hasn't been around for a few months. Once in a while, you'll fight hackers. Don't worry, as hackers aren't  very common and you can always kick/ not accept their challenges.Edit: The game uses the garbage P2P system, so there are no dedicated servers. Due to this, a good portion of fights will end up being laggy for you. Not to mention the unbalancement for CaCs and all the damn bugs. And let's not forget to mention the drama. You'll be losing brain cells by the second so never visit the DBXV2 forums.I'll have to give this game 7/10."
76561198140413477,Not Recommended,454650,26542070,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tiny Tyrant,"There's absolutely no way I can recommend this game to anyone, considering it's current state and how the company that owns it is behaving itself. As of right now, I would consider this game to be a complete scam. Bandai-Namco has taken our money and run off with it, and they refuse to even address the issues the game has; let alone fix them.Let me explain why I think this game is a scam. It's mostly due to the ""November 1st Patch"" fiasco. The news article in the store page promised that ALL PLATFORMS would be receiving a general balancing and bug-fix patch on November 1st. Except the PC version didn't get this patch, and about two days later the Community Manager told us that we somehow already had the patch. Most people knew that this was complete BS, as none of the balancing and bug fixes are present in our games. So, after being called out for lying to our faces, the Community Manager locks the thread and that was the end of it.The day after that, they announced the ""Raid Quest"" event. Seeing how similar these quests were to expert missions, which are currently unplayable for many because of how buggy they are, people began to voice their concerns about this event. These concerns were quickly deleted by the Community Manager, but that didn't stop people from asking him legitimate questions about the game, which he refused to answer. It eventually became too much for him, and he locked yet another thread, answering nothing. The concerns people had proved justified, because the Raid Missions were nothing short of a complete and utter failure. And now if I recall correctly, they're trying raid quests again this weekend, despite having absolutely no patches this week. The result will likely be the same.Nothing is being fixed. They refuse to communicate with us at all. People sending bug reports through the proper channels (I.E. Bandai-Namco's support page) have been ignored completely. People reporting bugs on Steam have been ignored completely. Many of us cannot even open the game, some of us don't have our pre-order bonuses, some of us crash every ten minutes, some of us experience frame rates plummet for no reason, expert missions are unplayable, online is unplayable. And yet, BN isn't fixing any of these things, they seem more interested in these broken raids.TL;DR: The game is a complete trainwreck with more bugs than content. And the company refuses to communicate with the PC community at all, and doesn't seem keen on fixing any of the issues we are experiencing. Instead they push on with new, broken content.EDIT: It seems the Community Manager has sprung back to life for a couple days, and has vaguely promised us that a patch is in the works. I'm not holding my breath, but it's at least a slight improvement to their communication. We'll see if anything actually gets fixed.EDIT 2: The Raid Quest on the 13th was another mess. However that isn't the worst part; the worst part is the rewards not being given out on PC. People suffered through a God-awful event and haven't even gotten the rewards to show for it; and once again there is zero communication from the Devs about this issue. Players on the PS4 received their rewards, there should be no reason why the PC players shouldn't have theirs.EDIT 2b: The Community Manager created a locked thread addressing the missing Raid rewards, so let's see what happens. It seems we can't expect a response to anything within two days. Oh well, it's still an improvement.EDIT 3: On November 23 the game received it's first real patch, and it was an immediate problem. Overall, the results of the patch have been mixed at best; fixing some issues but also adding new ones. For instance, people have been experiencing a sort of ""Slow motion"" since the release of the patch. However, the biggest issue the patch has is that it didn't actually fix many of the bugs, such as the Giant Ki Blasts on Expert Missions. This patch was delayed for PC, and yet it still didn't fix some of our issues.The community manager has actually addressed the issues, which is a start. However, we have had no updates to the situation for quite a while now."
76561197962196041,Not Recommended,454650,28278165,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SolidusPrime,"It PAINS me to write this, as I love Dragonball Z games to death.I cannot though, in good concious, recommend this game to anyone but the hardcorest of DBZ fans, and even then I would say wait for a sale if you must.THE GOOD:  The core game is great - Tons of moves, tons of characters, 100+ quests. Great voice acting and animations. The moves and abilities you are familiar with are handled really well. Being able to craft your own custom guy and give him the moves you want is just really cool. The maps are really big this time around as well, and the story is interesting enough.THE BAD:  So why won't I recommend this game? Because the few flaws it has are really, really bad.There is something up with the netcode of the PC version that literally makes it unplayable online. And this isn't just a few people here and there. It is 75% of the community. At some random point during a PvP or PvE match, the game will just disconnet, wiping out all the time and effort you just put in. This also happens when trying to do the in-game events, like boss raids. People are randomly grouped together into a lobby, and you are almost guaunteed to not make it through the entire match. This alone killed the game's population right away, and the developer won't even aknoweldge it.Next up would be the cheaters. Every game has a few, but this game is RIFE with them. Again, it's because the developer doesn't really give a crap. I would say a good 40% of the matches I attempt online has someone speed hacking, or stealing experience from people. It will never change until the game is completely 100% done, again, because the devs don't care.Then there is the way that events are handled. There is no way to get forwarning of one unless you actually log into the game or hear about it on a random game site. And then, they are almost exclusively held on the weekends, for a very specific 3 hour or so window. From noon till three for example. These events also give rewards that are not obatinable any other way.EDIT: IF you are ONLY buying the game for single player, then yes you will most likely be satisfied. The game is not, however, sold as a standalone single player experience. In fact, it is almost sold as an MMO. Hence, the negative review on my part."
76561197970262750,Not Recommended,454650,29409371,Posted: 21 January,all,Eguzky,"The game is fun, I enjoy playing it with my friends. Though the AI can be abusive sometimes.So why the thumbs down?Well, 'modded' characters are allowed online.This includes infinite health and infinite ki!So are you doing an event with a leaderboard?Too bad! Infinite ki ultra-spammer gets more points faster!Are you doing a World Tournament?Oh Well! Your opponent has infinite HP, so he can't lose!Doing a Raid for the fun and challenge?No challenge! You get KO'ed? Welp, someone else has infinite HP and is spamming Ultimates with infinite ki! Just sit back and watch this BSSo yeah, until the devs block ALL mods from online play, this game should not get another penny from ANYONE!NO GAME SHOULD ALLOW CHEATERS, AND THIS ONE DOES!I even asked on the forums 'Any way to report cheaters?' and the reply was 'Just play against AI'.I am MILITANT about not cheating in online games. The devs know people 'mod' their heros and gain infinite HP and KI in Xenoverse 2. They don't care and won't ban them. And NO game company who ALLOWS cheating should make any money, IMO. They can go bankrupt, like their lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥morals.Bottom line: Don't give money to ANY online game that tolerates cheating filth!"
76561198104338171,Recommended,454650,32657049,Posted: 22 June,all,Alola (pokeash22),"I will definitely say that Xenoverse 2 is a huge step-up from the original. I could go on and on about all of the great features and improvements over XV1, but I'll keep it simple and do a pros and cons list. Sorry if my review does not seem detailed enough or if I leave out anything, this is my first review.Pros:Story mode was much more entertaining and immersive than in the first game. There were more unique scenarios and more missions to play through.Fighting mechanics in the game are much smoother and varied than in XV1. You can now perform different combos based on what buttons you press and the order you press them in, unlike XV1, where every character only had 2 or 3 combos.Parallel Quests are quite fun to play through and although many of them are rehashed from XV1, there are enough new PQs to keep the diversity balanced. I also feel like the drop rate for items and attacks is a little better than XV1, but not by much.I very much appreciate that all races have a unique transformation now (even though the Majin transformation is literally just Kid Buu, but I'll save that for my cons list). I hated the fact that in XV1, only Saiyans received real transformations and everybody else just got Kaioken and Potential Unlocked (which was a DLC transformation, so not everyone could even get it). I also hated how Saiyans were able to spam Ultimates (anybody who played PQ 47 in XV1 knows how much of a nightmare it was because of this reason) and I am glad they re-worked the transformations system.Conton City is so much better than Tokitoki City. There's MUCH more to do and many places to explore within the city. It becomes even more fun when you're allowed to fly around it. Conton City feels like a true city and was an amazing hub world. Also, the Time Rifts were a nice addition and I liked that each one gave more benefit to a certain race.But of course, there are also some cons:I'd say the biggest con of Xenoverse 2 is that they did the same thing with Ultimates that they did in XV1, and that is re-using Ultimates for many characters. Seriously, there's way too many characters that have Full Power Energy Wave and Super Kamehameha. I would have liked to see more diversity in Ultimates instead of slapping Full Power Energy Wave onto so many of the characters.The drop rate of items and attacks is better than it was in XV1 in my opinion, but only slightly. I still find myself having to re-do PQs several times trying to get a specific Super Soul, clothing item, or Super/Ultimate Attack and not getting it, even after getting Ultimate Finish every time. I wish they would either increase the drop rate or make it to where you need to defeat a certain character or do some certain objectives to get the items. I don't want to spend 2 hours trying to get Big Bang Kamehameha or Super Spirit Bomb just for it to not drop.Don't get me wrong on this one, I do appreciate the fact that they gave Majins a transformation, but did they really have to make the transformation have Kid Buu's moveset? The Majin transformation (called Purification Form) literally just has you play as a re-colored Kid Buu (unless your Majin is pink, of course. Then it literally is just Kid Buu). You don't get to use the moves you put on your character. I feel like the devs could have done much better with it.Online play is not always the best. You can be the host of the room and have 5 bars, but if even one person with like a 1-2 bar connection joins and you enter the game with them, it causes EVERYTHING to lag. I can't tell you how frustrating it is trying to do an Expert Mission or Great Ape boss and having the boss lag to the point where you can't even damage them all because someone with a bad connection is playing with you.The final con I am listing for this game is the AI. The AI will revive you relatively quick, but that's about all they do. I've had many experiences in Expert Missions where I will become mind-controlled and a COM will be standing RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME and won't do anything to free me from the mind control, so I end up succumbing to it. It's super annoying when your AI teammates aren't even smart enough to simply punch you to free you from mind control.""Goku Black likey""Overall, though, I'd give Xenoverse 2 an 8/10. It is vastly superior to its predecessor, both in content and gameplay mechanics. Not to mention that the DLC is amazing (I have the Season Pass and I don't regret buying it at all). I highly recommend this game to anybody who likes Dragon Ball and people who like fighting and RPG games."
,Not Recommended,454650,26517763,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lacy,"My patience is running out - Fix the ♥♥♥♥ing expert missions, I am tired of having to retry the same mission again and again because the enemy teleports out of the map, or they for some other reason becomes impossible to complete.I am experience frequent crashes, and I see the people I play online with have the same issue, because it's hard to go through a full mission without dropping at least half your team. I have a 50/50, so shove the ""it's your internet blabla"" excuses up your♥♥♥♥♥My rig is also way to beast to be the problem of the crashes - This game shows very heavy signs of a bad PC port, where no attention to optimization for windows were even attempted."
,Recommended,454650,31563100,Posted: 5 May,all,Juli Kidman,"Edited 11/05/2017If you love Dragon Ball, then you'll love this game. The game lacks of online players to play with (If you are looking players in the lobby) but if you have your own group/friends to play with, then this is not an issue. So far they gave us many satisfying content and that's just me. Others may not be happy or satisfied with the content.Story content is the same as Xeno 1 with Xeno 2 extended further to the current game story which is also superb. Looking forward Xeno 3 with Goku Black arc story and possibly the Universe Survival arc!There are bug here and there just like any other games, but it is not a game breaking.Many players actually still playing this game, reason why not many can be seen in the lobby is definetly due to many user use mods.The only thing I hated within this game is just the hair transformation between SSJ, and SSJ2. Your hair do changes when transforming into SSJ3 but thats because it used the exact same hair style for every hairs available. Why can't bandai do such thing when Modders have done many times back in Xeno 1 is beyond me. They are just lazy I'am assuming.DLC 4 will be the last content for this game. They already showed us a bit of a spoiler of what we will have in the last dlc in DLC 3 trailer.What I'm hoping to see in their DBX3 game:1. Hair transformation from SSJ to the latest Saiyan form.2. More available Saiyan form skill, Super Saiyan Rose, SSGSS, SSG and SSj43. More clothes, more hairs (give us iconic hairs not as accesories)4. DBS latest episode story5. New graphic/game engine (So it doesnt look the same from 1 to 3)6. More events!7. More race transformations8. More Race9. more accesories10. TAILS FOR SAIYAN!11. Original DB Japanese music/ost (Not the English version)For developer:Please look at DBX Modding community and take their ideas (Credit em if you must) and put those new ideas into your next game. Alot of awsome mods that should have been in the game."
76561197979030179,Not Recommended,454650,35471630,Posted: 4 October,all,NotWorthTheWeight,"I really liked the game until today's patch got released.This is what happens if there is close to zero interaction between the community and the developer/publisher:They release an anti-cheat software which will probably punish the people modding in some cosmetics/extra content way more than it will punish the actual cheaters.I wouldn't even be surprised if most players who get banned just used some alternate skins/music/whatever and the real cheaters get off scott free, finding different methods to cheat.The solution could have been as easy as disabling mods for online playing.However this was very badly executed.As long as this is the state of the game, I won't recommend it."
76561198212103880,Not Recommended,454650,28153432,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SuperSebebe,"As of right now, I just can't recommend this game. I enjoy it I will admit that, but there are so many bugs plauging it as of this minute, that it justs ruins the experience, When I first got the game I decided to complete all the training missions first, then I got to Advanced Combos #13, and I can't complete, the ♥♥♥♥ING Tutorial Bot can't even complete it sometimes so your not even able to try, But I think the worst part is the fact that you can't find ANY ONLINE ROOMS, NO EXPERT MISSION ROOMS, NO PARALLEL QUEST ROOMS, AND NO PVP ROOMS, then November 23d hit with the games first patch with it being out for almost an entire month at this point, AND IT FIXED NONE OF THE PROBLEMS LISTED HERE, all they did was buff and nerf certain  moves and fix the dragon balls!!! Its frustrating how Dimps and Bandai Namco just don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the PC port of this game, some of the acheivments are impossible to get at the moment cause of all the bugs ruining the experience of the game. Until these issues are addressed  I highly recommend you don't purchase this game.Update #1:Your absolutley right but It does take away from the experience,don't you think you'll get bored of offline p q and battles, the bots are ridiculosly easy to handle, and don't get me started on Expert missions in which your team of bots are practically useless considering there ai and its pretty much up to you to beat the boss.The Ps4/Xbone ports are all fine they don't have to deal with these issues, but here we have all these problems and yet support the game. Don't get me wrong I love Dragon Ball Z I like most people grew up watching it, but even though its a dragon ball game, it dosen't mean its good, some review's say that its better than Budokai Tenkaichi 3 or Budokai 3, which is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, those games are known as legendary in the DBZ community, and the fact that they could call this sorry excuse better hurts me.I feel as though everybodys love for Dragon Ball Z is clouding their judgment on the game, and yes we will be getting all of these Dragon Ball characters in incoming DLC, but it dosen't come cheap The Season Pass is $30 and a lot of people bought it before even knowing what was gonna be on it, it seems that the 1st Super pack is gonna have 2 new characters, 1 new instructor, 3 new pq's, 2 new costumes, 5 new attacks,5 super souls, I feel that this is a bit overpriced at $7.99, its only worth about 30 to an hour of extra playtime considering the content, I was expecting DLC stories, like Time Patrols in diffrent dimensions in the Super series, but no this is what we get, and the rest of the DLC wll probably be the same.I don't understand why so many of you stand for this game, when Arkham Knight came out, people were complaining that  it was unplayable with so many graphics and framerate issues, and you know what rockstedy did, they took the game down, they apolagized, and they offered refunds. But here since all of you are supporting the game, saying its better than Budokai 3, even though it lacks multiplayer, anti cheat and bugs that won't let you complete missions,  (still can't complete training mission #13, my trainer can't even complete it so I can try),and hard to complete combos,all of you guys continue to support it, which makes Bandai think ""hey they seem to like no need to fix anything here"".Is the game good? On consoles yes, it works just fine on there, but here on PC Namco dosen't give a damn about all the problems, and it seems as though alot of you don't either. If you are interested in this game, I would wait for a price drop, the winter sale begins tomorrow so look into that, but in my opinion, this game still needs alot of work."
,Recommended,454650,26342055,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,netninja,"Being a player of the first version of this game i gotta say, this is waaaaaaaay better than Xenoverse one. It feels more like a fighting game in the sense that you acually need to use combos and watch how your enemy fights. also, it's so fast paced that it acually feels like Dragonball when you fight. all in all, great game.You like Dragonball? get it.You like fighting games? get it.And if you want somthing hard but not imposable? those Side quests are you're thing. (story is not that hard.)10/10"
76561198047502811,Recommended,454650,26347969,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,killamrix88,"So I just beat the game. Here are my thoughts.Short Version: Xenoverse 1 had a better story. Xenoverse 2 has better multiplayer.Long version:The first half or so of Xenoverse 2's story mode is almost entirely recylced. Including cutscenes (I get why, but...). It feels much less epic. Also, any choices you thought you might make... don't... exist... at all. There is one choice near the end, but I can't tell if it even did anything.Your character from the first game is almsot entirely an afterthought and does almost nothing of note. They're the hero of Toki Toki city but they feel weak and pointless. They killed a ****ing god (solo if you play it right) in the last game but in this game they do NOTHING.It feels very rushed and disjointed. It's not BAD, but... coulda been better.Unfortunately, allies are still a burden in this game. Being precise and decisive with your actions is SO MUCH MORE important in this game, but if your ally punches your target at the wrong moment, your very costly ultimate can miss and a HUGE amount of effort can be wasted. If you just want the win, this MIGHT not be a huge deal, but if you want to have a cool moment or get more points for Z rankings... this can be ****ing infuriating.Also, it's so easy to collect a good chunk of TP medals (especially if you did a transfer and started with over 200 like me) and just buy every good move from the shop with minimal effort. There's almost NO NEED to do PQs... at all. In fact, PQs are a HUGE chore that I dread having to do at any point in this game. Why? Because you'll either be dealing with the burden of allies or facing multiple opponents. Fortunately, in many cases it seems your enemies are programmed to only attack if you're targeting them. Otherwise they hover around and wait their turn. A bit odd to see but it's honestly necessary and I'm glad for it. However, they'll still occasionally shoot ki blasts at you and you CAN DO NOTHING ABOUT IT and it will ruin your combos... every time.And it's worse when they DO all attack at once. It becomes and almost insurmountable nightmare, especially if you don't have good skills equipped.In XV1 it was almost fun to jump into a PQ and gamble for equips and skills (or horrifying if it took more than 3 tries/was a long mission...)... if you were a saiyan with infinite Ki. In this game, there is no infinite ki and the enemies are HAPPY to smash your stamina... over and over and over. They weren't smart enough to consistantly punish you before, but now they are.This is good for making it a challenge, but mostly it's annoying if you ever have to deal with multiple opponents. People too prideful to use items and heal will suffer unless you're REALLY good at this game. It's nice to have a greater challenge, but it's often hard to call it fun unless you're in a nice, fair(ish) 1v1 battle.To play this game and land many of your more decisive skills you have to be VERY precise and manage your stamina and ki carefully. Often I'd get flustered and get royally screwed with no chance of making a come back. Not enough ki to ult? Oh s**t they're no lnger staggered, your opportunity is gone... and you're dead. But that's fine, of course. Mistakes should be punished. Except... when you DO hit the right buttons... and nothing happens.Enter the stamina break feature. Your new best friend and worst enemy. Hitting UP + HEAVY or UP + LIGHT does a stamina break... sometimes. If the game feels like it. I don't know if I'm missing something, or if my controller is f***ed or what, but often my character refuses to stop their combo and use a stamina break. The thing is, you CAN do it mid combo, but... for some reason it's very inconsistent whether or not it'll happen.Unfortunately, this move is now somewhat necessary. It's VERY risky as if you miss or it is blocked, you're gonna get punished by the PC or any competent player. And yet to land ALMOST ANY ULTIMATE IN THE GAME you have to land one. That or you have to break their stamina by smashing their guard or interupting their ultimate... if they're dumb enough to use one while you're still free to move.It would be nice if comboing was a bit more rewarding. To an extent it is. If you force someone to use all their stamina, you can get in a very brutal melee combo, especially if you have some stamina left yourself. LInking ANY powerful skills into your combo, however, is... hard. The stamina break is such a slow, risky technique and windows to use it against a skilled opponent are small.I guess it somewhat makes these big ults more satisfying when they land, but quite frankly, some ults can ONLY be used on an opponent with broken stamina. Sometimes they won't land even IF you break their stamina.For example, I learned that weak enemies with less than five bars of stamina are effectively immune to some big ults as their stamina will recover so fast that they will just recover and float over the attack before it can land. Even if you link the ult in as fast as possible. That leaves you with breaking their stamina via guard breaking which is... rare.It'd be nice if there were a few more windows to land an ult and actually have the entire thing hit. It can be hard just to initiate some melee based ults, and then to have the full force of it not connect (even when sometimes it looks like it does.........) is disheartening. It's like ""Ha, I've got y- Awwwwww....""Basically, for 90% of the ults, if your opponent isn't stamina broken or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it's not going to hit. You're gonna have to learn to fight hand-to-hand and link fast, quick acting supers for a majority of your damage.But I still like the game. It's not that these features are entirely unfair, it's just a ratehr high skill floor that will probably aggravate more casual players (*coughmecough*), especially if they were used to being a SSJ spammer from the last game.It's just that the somewhat unreliable/glitchy gameplay will occasionally (if not regularly) exacerbate these issues.However, for the most part, the combat has been greatly improved and allows for some fun as hell 1v1 online battles. They're fun to watch if you're viewing them online on youtube or on a stream, and they can be very intense to play yourself. The last thing I did before i put the game down to write this was finally do some online battles myself. I found an opponent who I was pretty much even with and many of the battles (where I didn't royally f**k up) were intense and down to the wire.The only complaint (aside from finicky controls and whatnot) is that it's easy to become a one trick pony and use gimicks to win. My opponent often won because they would combo me into a stamina break and then ult me. A few times I could recover and roll out of the break, but then other times I inexplicably couldn't... This was basically their main goal in all our fights so I did get bored and leave after a dozen matches with them.If I had wanted to be a d**k, I could have abused skill that reliably (except when it randomly does nothing...?) targets any opponent you've knocked back for a lot of damage... but that would have been boring and a bit too easy.Well this review has been a bit... messy, but I'll come to a conclusion here: If you loved the story of the first game and were excited to see your old CaC come back and join your new one... I'm sorry. You're probably gonna be disappointed. It's a bit of a disappointment from start to finish.Multiplayer and fighting nechanics (if it's 1v1) have defnitely been improved. For the most part, being skilled is rewarded far more than before. Still no good way to fight multiple opponents though.Also the camera often ends up at an annoying angle... but... meh.You can have fun with this game and I'm looking forward to future additions to it.Overall, I'd say it ranks about equal to it's predecessor. Perhaps better than if you were in it for PVP."
,Recommended,454650,34183439,Posted: 11 August,all,Kaji Wyldfire,"So apparently DBXV3 is a thing. Let's tell them what to do, shall we?I reviewed DBXV1 quite enthusiastically a while back, and I gave it a 7.5/10. I'd say that's a fair score, so I wont change it.As for DBXV2, well, here's the thing. My computer could barely play it for the longest time! I only just recently beat the game, but I've had plenty of time to research, and watch youtube, so I'd say I'm decently knowledgable of this games content.First up! Things that I like.-Character creation! My opinion on that is the same as ever. They even improved it!-The battle engine. I didn't appreciate this much in XV1, but the way the game flows is incredible.-The plot. It's simple as ever, but dang does it have its moments.-Diversity. Each character seems to have their own ups and downs.-Bigger hub world! You can fly around, too. It's not open world, but it's close enough.-Expert Missions. They're cool. What else can I say.-Ultimate Finish's are better now.-Soundtrack is less repetitive! Except for Conton city. Gosh dang it...Now for the things that I dislike...-Too many levels, too little time. The level cap is 99, but you'll be around level 60 by the end of the game. PVP is hard to jump into once you're done with the story, which is saddening.-Still not enough characters! They added more, but most of them are the same from XV1.-Somewhat unbalanced PVP, from what I hear. Cheese tactics and all.-Apparently Bandai Namco is being quite annoying? How about that.^Some of these are complaints from the community that I overheard. They're mor qualified then I am to tell you about PVP and whatnot.Now for things that I'd like in XV3!-New, original plot. Maybe even set in the distant future?-More DB Super! And put it in the main game too, not just DLC. By the time they release it, there will be more characters and transformations to play around with, I'm sure.-Maybe some original Dragon Ball as well? You put the Flying Nimbus in the game, and we haven't seen that in forever.-Open world pls. XD-More Custom Character potential! Maybe even new races! Also it'd be great if our character wasn't some weakling who can only go SS3 at the max? I get that's to keep SSG and SSGSS special, but that didn't last long with SS1 or 2, so...-A more balanced PVP.I'm a hopeful guy.Overall? I give this game an 8/10! Let's aim for 9/10 next game, 'kay?"
,Recommended,454650,26342078,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rishoune,"In short, DBZ Xenoverse 2 takes everything that made DBZ Xenoverse 1 great, and makes it better. And there's new stuff too.For the long version:--Combat is much more open and dynamic. While still using the basic weak/strong attack system from Xenoverse 1, there are far more mix/match and basic combos to be had, while also adding new moves like high-speed smash attacks, and critical smashes. Spamming specials is far less effective, even against AI. Most skills had their aim assist removed or toned down, requiring you to now think about setting up skills. This does add some cinematic feel though, sometimes reminding me of the cinematic Ultimates from Budokai 3.--Soundtrack is mostly the same. Old tracks from Xenoverse 1 are present, though they have been improved and now sound even better. New tracks added are either very goofy hubworld music or some godly epic battle tracks. The voice lines are also clearer/sharper, as well as most parralel quests have their own unique dialogues between characters, making each one feel like a miniature story.--Story feels similar to XV1, which isn't a bad thing to me, and Xenoverse 1 players will recognize a lot of battles early on. But late-game is when Xenoverse 2's story goes its own route. One of the promotional trailers showcased The History Of Trunks, with the lines ""Histories you wish were different"". They handle that moment, as well as other iconic moments like Vegeta's Sacrifice, very well. Especially compared to how DB Super butchered most of DBZ's iconic moments. (But DB Supert is terrible anyway)--Character Customization is mostly the same. New options for hair/face/eyes have been added for most races, and many more outfits can be recolored now. They've also added ""QQ Bangs"" which, despite their possibly insulting name, override the stats of your costumes, allowing you to wear what you want without fear of it ruining your build.--AI and NPC enemies are far more balanced. Super Armor is removed from the game (at least right now), instead now there are varying levels of AI intelligence. Default AI feels like Xenoverse 1 AI, but higher level AI bosses can actually fight pretty intelligently. Players who mindless spam Ultimates will find themselves quickly Guard-Broken and getting pummeled. AI-Allies are now far more helpful. Story-mode allies are much tougher (no more Future Trunks getting 2-hit by Cell), and all allies are much better fighters. And, AI ALLIES WILL USE THEIR ULTIMATES. Depending on your level and the character you picked as an ally, it can happen rarely or semi-frequently.--Hubworld is much better. While in Xenoverse 1 we had 3-4 sections to load into, Xenoverse 2 gives us one big overworld, with a few mini sections in between. This means a lot less time spent loading into areas, and also a much more immersive and enjoyable story experience. Some of the scenery is also pretty nice to look at. Plenty of goodies are hidden in the overworld as well, rewarding players who enjoy looking around.Personal Thoughts:--Majin Females still feel somewhat underpowered. The majin racial trait is rather pointless, since you'll rarely, if ever, have full stamina during a fight to gain the full-stamina defense bonus, which isn't that much anyway. The majin transformation is unappealing as well.--There is a save carry-over from Xenoverse 1, but it only exists if going on the same platform. I had XV1 on PS3, but I can't carry it over to here. Which sucks as I'd like to have had my old character appear in the storyline.--Guru's House is currently the most annoying thing in the game.Overall, Xenoverse 2 is a great example of a sequel done right. There are no downgrades, there are no unchecked corners. Everything has been improved or remained good. The new features are well done. Everything is simply bigger and better. Nothing was sacrificed for something else. There are a few bugs/oversights, but stuff that is mostly minor or will be patched out soon enough. A must-have for DBZ fans of old and new, and overall an enjoyable fighting game for anyone.Now heres to hoping the Expansions are just as good and pray for Xenoverse 3 eventually."
76561198013397733,Not Recommended,454650,26261236,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Trixie,"EDITThey changed it back to 1 year----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Namco pulled a bait-and-switch, the steam store page used to say we will get free updates for a whole year as one if its FEATURES, now it just says we get continued support for ONLY 6 months and there's no longer ""FREE"" in that feature line! what the hell kind of scammy nonsense is this?! how the hell do they have the balls to do this after the No Man's Sky bs I don't know, I hope they either change back to 1 year support and actually promise they will do that or give a pretty damn good explanation why they pulled a bait-and-switch.But lets be honest here, there's never a good reason to do something like that."
,Not Recommended,454650,34641520,Posted: 31 August,all,adamg15,"DISCLAIMER: If certain things were polished I would recommend it. Read on to find out why I think this game is not worth the full price of admission.Much as I am a fan of the series, and thus, have some love for this game and this predecessor - I cannot recommend it at this price.Not only did they fail to polish out some of the major issues with the past game, but this one feels like a rushed, and poorly done, expansion pack for Xenoverse 1.Some of the design decisions come off as completely lazy and unthought out. For example, in this version, you can turn Super Saiyan 3, which is an improvement from the first game. You can transform using a new slot, which is another improvement, but to keep things dynamic, you can be knocked out of your transformation mid-go. This would be fine if it was the same for enemy AI. When enemies transform, the entire field stops and anything that was previously going on ceases to exist. If you are about to KO an enemy, and say, Gotenks is his ally and decides to transform, your attack loses all power and it goes to a mini-cutscene of Gotenks transforming. When you come back, you're almost always open to damage, and your finisher never even connected. You still lose ki as if you shot it off, but no damage or effect is actually done. This also happens in Expert Missions, even when playing in multiplayer, and can also happen when a new enemy or ally arrives on the field - destorying the flow of game play and sometimes costing you the fight.Balance issues with enemy AI leave some fighting experiences to be difficult and downright frustrating at times - which can be nice in some games when you want a fair challenge. But this games mechanics almost exclude it from being fair in the single player element. That is just one example of many small design flaws this game has. They are easy to look past in a few cases, but in most they come up during the heat of battle, and can sway things unfairly in the way for the enemy AI to start beating you down. Some of this comes down to how fast the AI can react to your button inputs, as well as how floaty the inputs can feel. Targeting is also an issue that is easy to see as soon as you get into your first difficult mission with multiple enemies.As for the multiplayer - I haven't noticed many issues. If you really dedicate yourself and get good, you can likely compete in PVP and team multiplayer can be quite satisfying when things work right. There are some obviously lag and connection issues from time to time, but no worse than I've seen anywhere else. It's actually somewhat bearable.Overall, I don't recommend this game at it's full price. The lack of polish and it's mechanical flaws hold it back from being the truly enjoyable experience it could have been. If this was the first of the series, I may give it a pass. But considering how little of an improvement it is to it's predecessor, I cannot. The gimmick of having a custom character is not worth the price of admission.Get it if you're a die-hard DB fan - you will probably find some things you enjoy, despite it's major drawbacks (many of which I forgot to list such as : lack of depth in Frieza and Buu transformations, although the source material is already there, lack of real diversity in attacks, lack of character choice, etc). But I would still only recommend it if it's on sale. Maybe XV 3 will actually be the finished product XV 1 and 2 were supposed to be. This feels like a late beta phase of the the past game, and fails to justify itself as being its own release."
76561198126011421,Not Recommended,454650,26533051,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SomeFilthyCasual,"(Quick note: every time this game pisses me off, I'll add more salt to the review.)The game is enjoyable, it really is, but I can't recomand it in its current state.Some maps are laggy as santa's balls (dying namek, glacier), Guru is always under attack, the game crashes (A LOT, and for no bloody reason),the game very often fakes loading (as in, it stays on the loading screen, but won't load jack-sh!t), it's IMPOSSIBLE to play expert missions online, since the conection is as stable as North Korea...Either wait for a sale, or better yet, wait for them to clean this awful mess of a game.Oh, and that turnaround glitch is bullsh!t. Fix it.EDIT: After changing some settings (and checking the game's cache everytime before launching the game), the lagging problem seems to be solved. I still encounter some crashes when checking the PQs rewards, though.All things considered, this game is very enjoyable to play WHEN IT ACTUALLY LETS YOU PLAY IT WITHOUT CONSTANTLY CRASHING OR LOADING THE VOID.EDIT (again): Every new update seems to make the crashes even more frequent. Wonderful.EDIT (yet again): I'm beginning to think these guys have a loading screen fetish, to be honest...EDIT (another one): WILL. YOU. STOP. CRASHING. EVERY. ♥♥♥♥. MOTHERING. TIME.EDIT (ayy lmao):June 2017. Still crashing and loading nothing. Plus the graphics like to just f**k around on my screen to try and give me a seizure.Seriously, screw this port. And screw Dimps for doing ABSOLUTE JACK-SH!TE TO FIX IT.WILL YOU PLEASE STOP CRASHING, I JUST WANT TO PLAY GOD DAMNITJuly 2017 (almost august now), and the game is STILL a broken mess.What a f/ucking scam."
,Not Recommended,454650,35468298,Posted: 4 October,all,DeadPhoenix,"Thanks Dimps for killing off modding !!! This is gonna be my first negative review. Our voice will be heard !!!Update: Apperently Modding still worksInside the Xenoverse 2 Folder, find EasyAntiCheat. Delete EasyAntiCheat_x64.dllThis will allow you to play the game in offline mode, with mods enabled.Hopefully in the near future, the developers will update the game with a better solution for people, who want to continue playing with mods.EasyAntiCheat does not stop cheaters. And Some even considered it as spyware, or malware.It only killed modding."
76561198114547725,Not Recommended,454650,26404917,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Grablin,"DO NOT BUY THIS AT LEAST FOR ANOTHER MONTH OR TWOthe game still has quite a few bugs that can really hinder your gameplay experience such as :-getting stuck in the ground in hub world-getting stuck in the ground on missions-AI getting stuck inside scenery-unbalanced fights with AI PATROLLERS-unexplainable serious frame drops when playing online with another player while it runs fine when you play missions on your own-glitched tutorials that force you to replay them over and over even though you completed themthe last one was the straw that broke the camels back especially when its a tutorial for an optional type of mission and it halts all story progress till it is complete, to be more specific the expert time rift side mission tutorial, after completing said tutorial i was told to re-enter the rift where i was then forced to repeat the tutorial with a gamebreaking bug that caused the player to instanty fail and have to repeat the process over again. this is a bug ive been told was supposed to be fixed on the november 1st update and clearly that is not the case. so combine the fact that im stuck in limbo until the next patch and the fact that the issue is coming from an OPTIONAL part of the game thats being forced on me and hgalting story progression is utterly unacceptable.TLDR; game is fun but still seriously friggin buggy and stil needs quite a bit of patchwork before it can be redeemed"
76561198118800114,Not Recommended,454650,31385995,Posted: 26 April,all,Neonflare59,"Not gonna lie, I still like the game a lot. It's just that there are so many places where the game falls short to the point where it's about as good as the first game. I personally think it's slightly better than the first game, but not by much, but for starters:-The story is good, but gets half-baked by the time the Buu and Ressurection of F Sagas come around. I thought the concept that the other movies taking place in other timelines was good, so why wasn't the story revolving around fixing history, not just in the main timeline, but in the movie timelines as well? That would've made for a much better story. What makes Xenoverse stand out is its insertion of you into the Dragon Ball Universe, so wouldn't it have been better to kick it up a notch to actually stick around for the story, like having open world features between missions, like hanging out on the Lookout with the others and possibly training with them before the Cell Games?-The last two Story Quests serve no other purpose than to unlock Bardock and Future Gohan as mentors when they could have been used for much better story elements. What a waste of potential.-A problem the game shares with the first game is the fact that the character roster doesn't contain characters that should've already have been on there. (Ex. Frieza's 2nd, 3rd, and Mecha Forms) The reason for this is that a lot of the characters' unlock criteria are based on your progression of the story, which wouldn't be much of a problem if the story was improved. Not only that, they're only randomly putting in Bojack in DLC Pack 3? Come on guys. We all know the reason why he's in the second parallel quest of DLC 3 is because they were looking for an excuse to put him somewhere where the player would be midquest regardless of context.-Another problem with the character roster is the movesets the characters have. For the most part, their fine. It's just that things like:-Super Gogeta's two variations have the same movesets, only difference being one has a halo, the other one doesn't.-Whis Symbol Uniform Goku and Vegeta don't even have AT THE VERY LEAST, Super Saiyan. It's insult to injury to see them transform in their uniforms in DLC 2 and 3.-Teen Gohan is still a Super Saiyan instead of his base form. The whole point of that was because in the first game, there were no stackable transformations. We have that now, so why keep him a super saiyan in his base form? In fact, in the first game, there was even a model for Teen Gohan in his base form too, so why not use that?-Frost's moveset could use some work.-Majin Vegeta needs to swap a few moves between his two variations to perfectly recreate the version between the one fighting Super Saiyan 2 Goku, and the one fighting Fat Buu.-SSGSS Goku and Vegeta should both have a variation where they are in their regular cloths and a different combos from their regular counterparts, ESPECIALLY Vegeta.bother the hell out of me.-One thing that really bothers me about the game is that they made something that wasn't a problem in the first game, a problem in this game. Case in point, ANY MOVE THAT FUNCTIONS LIKE INSTANT TRANSMISSION ONLY WORK HALF THE TIME. Moves that do this include:-Instant Transmission-Hyper Movement-Kai Kai-Charged Wave Attacks when you're a Super Saiyan (Ex. Kamehameha, Galick Gun, Big Bang Kamehameha, etc.) A solution to this could be: If the opponent isn't in range, Teleport. If the opponent is within range, teleport in place, but reorient like it does in the game if you don't teleport anywhere.-Raids and Expert Quests, OH BOY. Making Villainous versions of other characters is fine, but here's the thing. THEY ALL FIGHT SO SIMILARLY to the point where it's no longer fun or just an average grind. It's just assinine and tedious. Almost every boss for both Raids and Expert Quests use the exact same moves as the final boss of the game. Taking both into account, it:1. No longer makes the final boss a unique character.2. Makes both Raids and Expert Quests so difficult, that they take away from the game's fun. Case in point, Expert Quest 15. I was stuck on that quest for about 2 1/2 months using every strategy I could find on the internet. In the end, it all came down to spamming, which in my opinion, should never be an option. Unfortuately, the player is pushed to that extreme because of such difficulties.3. By giving them absurd offenses and health (in Raid Quest's case), creates so much difficulty, quests like these are very unappealing to the player.-First, you have to understand that Expert Quests are like actual portrails of You v.s. a boss in the show. What I mean by this is that in the main story, your character is an insanely OP person that can keep up with the likes of Super Saiyan Blue Goku, Vegeta, and Golden Frieza just by training trough parallel quests, but realistically, if you were put into a fight with any of the strongest characters in all of Dragon Ball, like Cell, Kid Buu, etc., you would have MASSIVE difficulty no matter how much you trained, just like the heros in the show did. A good example of this is Expert Quests 16 and 17 where you're up against SSGSS Goku and Vegeta. They are insanely powerful characters in the entire franchise, hence why they're rather difficult to fight against 1v1 in the quest itself. I realize that this is what they were trying to do in most of these quests, but the fact that most of them get posessed by the Time Breakers and then all of a sudden have the final boss's attacks is what makes Expert Quests very assinine. THERE'S NO CHARACTER VARIATION. The bosses were just fine as they were with their own unique movesets without the power up from Towa. Heck, they could've made a quest where Demigra makes a comeback (and if they did this, Demigra should be one of the few characters that has the Possession Attack as opposed to almost every boss having it).-Raid Quests act as exclusive Expert Quests, which is fine, but the thing that makes them even worst than Expert Quests is that it's the difficulty of Expert Quests TIMES A MILLION. Not only do they have the final boss's attacks, but they can take you out in less than 10 hits. THAT'S EVEN WORST THAN EXPERT QUEST 15. They expect you to go do the absurdly difficult quest and fail OVER AND OVER again with other players with terrible connection to the server that can potentially disrupt everybody else's gameplay by sending everyone back to Conton City because of their terrible connection all for an accessory and/or title that should've been waaaaay easier to get. It makes Raid Quests the opitomy of ASSININE. The only one I've seen so far that has actually followed the ""exclusive expert quest"" criteria that I mentioned was Hit's Raid Quest.-AND FINALLY, the COM allies. They are little to no help AT ALL. They're still too dumb to use their Transformations, and my biggest issue, is that they don't cooperate with you at all. I have lost count of the many times they have knocked the opponent out of my Ultimate Attack and the times they didn't bother to do that when I'm getting molly-whopped by the opponent. They have not improved since the first game and are more inconvenient than anything else.With all these problems I've had with the game since it came out, I wouldn't really recommend this unless you are a hardcore Dragon ball fan. It has too many problems to ignore if you weren't one. I hope this helps you know what you are getting into if you are considering buying the game.Plus you can put sick mods on it because PC MASTER RACE : )"
,Not Recommended,454650,26542492,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lobstersaurus,"Gameplay is a direct improvement from the Xenoverse 1 series.  The ai no longer face tanks ultimate blasts, and spamming ultimates is now punished by the ai.  The removal of super armor from player quests really showed how the developers listened to the complaints from the first game.The game is a wet dream to any long time DBZ fan and I highly encourage people to wishlist it.  Why wishlist and not buy the game you might ask?Currently the game is incredibly unstable, after about 50 hours of gameplay and the occasional crashes which have come with it have continued to grate on my nerves, which in turn has caused me to snap and write this negative review.  I have already tried uninstalling my graphics driver, deleting the registries and freshly installing a new driver and updating it to no avail.  After many attempts and tries to fix the game, nothing has worked.  Just when I think the game is working fine and I forget about it crashing, BOOM! It happens again.Crashes aren't the only problem that contributed to a thumbs down.  Problems like in Expert Quest 3 Great Ape Nappa, the giant monkey will fall under the map, it will  instantly kill the entire party because the meteor spawns in the ground giving no chance to counter it.Under the myriad of technical issues and bugs this game faces is an incredible experience.  Until some patches I can not in good conscience give this game a thumbs up.System Specs:i7-4790k @4.00GHz16GB RAMWindows 10 Pro 64 bit Operating SystemSamsung SSD 850 PRO 256GBNVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 (MSI)"
76561198005551493,Not Recommended,454650,28322034,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Crade,"The only way this would be a ""yes"" is if you're playing for the single player aspect or just with friends. As much as I like this game, serious flaws on the PC version include: lack of anti-cheat, spotty connections and broken expert missions/raids. The  component that can attribute most to the fun of the game, the ability to play online, is just not good. You are limited to a preset list of messages that really don't help much and the volume for the game is too loud so you can't even hear others talking with the built in voice chat (not adjustable through any options).If the developers were to fix these issues? Could be a solid game. But, considering Bandai's dedication to the consoles and typical apathy toward the PC, it's unlikely they ever will.TLDR; Only buy if you like to play solo/have friends to play with reliably."
,Recommended,454650,33935272,Posted: 31 July,all,Mofker,This is what Xenoverse 1 SHOULD have been!Great combatGreat storyTons of features and contentRNG is gone (not really but compared to Xenoverse 1 it's basically gone)Don't play PVP EVER!The player with the worst connection will ALWAYS win. People know this and uses methods like lag-switching online.Your attacks will never hit their targets whilst your opponents melee attacks will hit you from across the map.Game on it's own 7/10Game with friends 9.5/10Game as a PVP 0/10
,Recommended,454650,30291320,Posted: 3 March,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"If you liked and played the first game, this is jsut bigger and better and more of it. If you're a Dragonball fan of any sort, this game will likely be right up your alley. Unfortunately multiplayer on PC is pretty dead, but the story and missions are still a lot of fun to do single player, and I definitely got my money's worth. Even more if you have friends to do the various missions with. The story mode is exactly what you'd expect from the Xenoverse games, no super big surprises here, even with the time altering stuff. They have a formula and they're sticking to it.Almost all the RNG woes from the first game have been solved, in regards to grinding for specific events within missions to happen. Item RNG itself is still there, but now you're not battling 3 separate layers of RNG to have a chance at an item drop.Equipment stats can now be overriden with the ""QQ-Bang"" system that lets you make an item that copies stats, so you can wear whatever aesthetic outfit you want without needing to worry about the stats conflictng. you'll spend a lot  of time and money looking for just the perfect QQ-Bang mix, too, giving you something to do.Every race has a transformation now like Saiyans, although they vary widely in terms of usefulness. Every race also gets access to Power Unleashed (i.e. ""Mystic Gohan"") so if you don't like your race's transformation, there's a default Good Stuff thing to use so you're not left out.Strike Supers are much improved from the first game and are actually viable to use. Combos in general are more complex and intricate, and stamina breaking is much easier to do than the first game, so you can't just throw out ultimates with wild abandon anymore. The AI is very very good about stamina breaking you out of your Ultimates, so learning how to combo and stamina break them back is very important. The AI in general is better than the first game, and they no onger have infinite ki or stamina - you can see their stats just like yours, so you know exactly when they'll be able to block or ultimate.The hub is GREATLY improved from the first game, and is also a big place you can fly around. Mentors are simply on the map now, no need to exit in and out and back and forth hoping one shows up. Random items will also drop all around the hub to pick up.All in all, the game is a fantastic buy for me as a dragonball z fan. Ultimately I think that will be the kicker for people - you sort of already know if you're going to buy this game or not, and the reviews don't matter too much. But just in case you are on the fence, if you like DBZ, and you like action games, this will be great."
,Recommended,454650,26261918,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,im the baby gotta love me,"Bandai-Namco has done some stuff, but I don't care, really? Read the other reviews if you want info on that. It's a great game. A good expansion on the original. Great graphics, great gameplay, pretty much the only problem I've had so far is the music (minor gripe) and the tedium that is Milk Delivery, which, while a clever callback to the original Dragon Ball, is a horrible mini ""game."" Other than that, I can't think of much wrong. Haven't encountered any crashes or glitches or anything.EDIT: So, it turns out everyone's main complaint was a technical hiccup... guess I was better off not mentioning it."
76561198064822359,Not Recommended,454650,35470519,Posted: 4 October,all,Stock_TF2 Player,One of my favorite games despite it's flaws (many of them) but now they made it worse without being able to add mods which made it unique to ps4 and xbox 1 version. They could have kept offline mod for mod users and disable mods when ever you go online but nope they need to disable everything that made this game fun! Congratz on killing off your playerbase.
,Recommended,454650,26307596,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Big McLargeHuge,"The game improves on the first in nearly every way, with better cutscenes and combat everywhere. The combat is much more based on learning the mechanics than the first entry was, and while spamming one move is still possible, you won't get away with it as easily (Blue Hurricane is no longer the solution to every problem). Enemy AI isn't quite as idiotic as in the first game, and the super armor used to make the higher level fights more difficult in the first game isn't present on enemies like Mira, so you won't get stomped as easily if you go in without powerleveling first.Some issues still remain, however. Like the first game, simple things like your team's AI being nearly braindead and the mouth flaps not syncing to the spoken words in cutscenes have carried over, but these aren't too bad and are heavily outweighed by things such as a more streamlined Masters system, a variety of things to do in Conton City, and more.The only major issue, and it is MAJOR, that I've encountered at the time I've typed this, is that about halfway through the story there is a mission to teach you how to partake in the expert missions - the six-man team fights against Great Apes. You have to do this to advance the story missions, and so you have to do this to unlock all content in the game. However, the mission is bugged in such a way that the Great Ape will either clip outside the map or instakill you with the energy ball that you're meant to deflect. Because of this bug, a vast sum of players on the PC version of the game cannot complete the game at the moment.However, beyond that massive bug, the game still has a large sum of content to complete up to that point, and is still very entertaining. When a patch is released to fix that mission, the game will be undoubtedly worth every penny to fans of the Dragon Ball franchise."
,Not Recommended,454650,35469243,Posted: 4 October,all,Snoopsahoy,"[EDIT] Thanks to Chaos Knux for commenting a way around this, just remove the EasyAntiCheat_x64.dll from the EasyAntiCheat folder and you'll be able to play offline with the mods and online won't workThough until Bandai either announces this as the way you can still play with mods or changes this decision, I'll keep this review up until then. Though I hope they just announce this and don't change as I imagine the community would be happy with this.Kinda long rant so for TLDR: You can't play offline with mods and it saddens me.I loved DBXV2 when it first came out, but after a while I started to fade off it a bit because I'd played the first Xenoverse so much (over 100 hours is alot to me okay?) and the games were pretty similar. I never really played the online as well as it just wasn't for me for this type of game. Though I love doing CPU matches and the PQ questsBut what got me back into the game heaps was the mods, I absolutely loved being able to play as characters that fans of the game had put so much time and effort in to creating like Caulifla, Kale (that one is really impressive, voice acting and everything), Jiren and yes... Kermit the Frog. As well as starting the CPU matches off with Super Saiyans (So I could do something like Goku v Vegeta and wouldn't have to hope they decided to transform)But now this updates basically taken so much of the fun away from the game to me, that I don't really want to play it as much anymore which really sucks because I was getting so much back into this game and loving it.I don't know much about how this mods online thing works. But surely if you can stop people from not being able to play the game because some files are different, you could instead just make it so they can't use the online. I think most of the community would be completely happy with that.I also don't know what other people are doing with mods if there is a huge amount using it to cheat online, but all I wanted so some cool features and an up to date roster of DragonBall Characters to make the game much more fun. Because seriously look at those DragonBall Heroes clips and imagine how insane and fun it would be to play as those characters. Well, with these amazing modders it was possible but now not so much...Might be wrong but I heard Rockstar decided to pull a 180 on not allowing mods and now it seems alot of the negative reviews are gone, so I'd be more than happy to change this to a positive review if they start allowing mods again or just let you not go online (Seriously I'll take a permanent ban from online Bandai if you just let me mod mah singleplayer please) Though this game isn't a popular as GTA V so there probably won't be as much uproar about this and thus, they might not change this decisionSorry if I repeated myself or spelt stuff wrong don't normally rant this much but it's just because I really like this game. Guess all I can do is hope they either realize this is a dumb decision and reverse it.... or I guess I hope DragonBall Fighterz has some of the newer characters playable or as DLC. :("
,Recommended,454650,26368809,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Havauk,"GOOD, BUT...... developers, make it possible for two different custom characters to fight each other. Me and my bro play, so he has one character and I have another, but I want to fight his character, and I can't.Make it happen.Other than that, this gaming is bloddy amazing, exept the fact that it's hard af to fly the pillarmajig. Maybe introduce more transformations? some for humans too? Something like Roshi's Mind-Body-Soul thingy. And also more saiyan transformations. It literally just went up to SS3 since the last game even thought there are 3+ new transformations that were introduced.This game is completely worth while tho, worth every cent. 11/10."
,Not Recommended,454650,35328496,Posted: 30 September,all,Apocalypse,"Intro:I am a lifelong Dragonball fan. I love the franchise, but this game just doesn't do it justice.Dragonball Xenoverse 2 can be fun at times, but make no mistake, it is by all means a mediocre, underwhelming game that doesn't seem to have progressed or differentiate all that much from its' previous ansector. At its current price, I just can't recommend it.Pros:+As its previous ansector, it lets you make your own character with a variety of customizations.+There is a large variety of masters which you can learn various interesting techniques from.+Quests and Party Quests can be a lot of fun and interesting to do.+The character roster has expanded, though not to my personal liking.Cons:-The game is too heavily based off its previous ansector, that means there is no special difference between Xenoverse 1 and Xenoverse 2, making the game very underwhelming.-Bandai is greedy. Very greedy. The game isn't worth its full price, let alone the DLCs it offers for its extra money.-Storyline is exactly like the first game, albeit with a few more touches. Storyline concept is really interesting, but the execution is awful.-I'm not a fan of the fighting style, it feels lazy and choppy, but can be amusing at times.-Getting the Dragonballs is really a headache and the pursuit for them isn't fun at all.-Character roster has expanded, but excludes crucial storyline characters whilst adding irrelevant ones such as Jaco. Most of the characters come as seperate DLCs inorder to milk more money. (E.G:An upcoming DLC (DLC 5) has been rumored not to be part of the Season Pass, although I don't exactly know if this is true).-Audio and most of the quotes are exactly as the previous game.-Some attacks of the same category are downright awful and underwhelming, whilst some attacks are too overpowered, this imbalance makes you stick to some attacks by default.Conclusion and Rating:If you're new to Dragonball and haven't played the first game, then get this game at half the price. But if you're someone who's a lifelong fan such as me, this game will be a complete letdown to you since it takes too much from Xenoverse 1 and doesn't really offer something that new.It can be fun at times, but I really don't think what this game has to offer is really worth its full price. Maybe at 20 bucks, but not more than that.Season Pass too is a bit underwhelming and isn't worth the money. Maybe at 10 bucks.Overall, feels almost identical to the first game, so I can't really recommend this.[ 5 / 10 ]"
,Recommended,454650,30091265,Posted: 21 February,all,TheAmazingWhatsisfce,Ive played my share of dragon ball games and while its certainly not Budokai 3 its still pretty damn good.Pros- The RNG rate has gotten LOADS better than Xenoverse so obtaining certain items isnt as much of a grind- graphics and models look a loty better and dont look as shiny than in xenoverse 1-the hub world is great and no loading times to get from place to place-the game has become more competitive. They fixed the issues with multiplayer from the first game making for an overall for ferocious combat style really emulating dragon ball-The game is more challenging and not a much of a grind than the first one-very replayableCons- The multiplayer connectivity sucks-the special events that happene every once in a while provide item drops that are lack luster-the big boss raids are unplayable because the servers are utter garbage- a lot of techniques are rendered somewhat useless seeing as how easy the enemy AI can slip away from the attack-(not a big deal but still annoying) turning super saiyan doesnt change your hairstyle which was a big demand from the first game- they said 1 year of support for the game including paid and free DLC has proven to be very lackluster providing very little to the overall experience however the DLC is cheap individually so the season pass isnt obligatory-story is more or less the same as xenoverse 1While this game does have its issues its an overall fun game that can be easy to pick up and play but difficult to master. I definitly reccomend this game!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26484300,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,merak136,"- Very buggy which can lead you to getting stuck until you just randomly get lucky and the mission doesn't crash- A lot of quests are very repetitive and boring- Online battles really needs modern matchmaking ( Why can I just not auto-search for players in my skill level? I either get crushed or play against someone who barely knows the controls. Very few close matches. )- Only hosts get rewards from online quests so no one ever wants to play together- Expert quests are buggy and can force you to instant lose- Time patrol quest battles (where you fight three other patrollers) seem really unbalanced and are possible but frustrating- The ""special event"" this past weekend lasted 3 hours and didn't even work when I woke up in the middle of the night for itReally I could keep going but I think I could put more time into listing flaws than I have spent playing the game. It does have decent combat and I enjoyed the story but overall a very poorly made game with a lot of bugs and questionable design decisions."
,Recommended,454650,29766575,Posted: 7 February,all,Oats & Moats,"If you haven't bought Xenoverse 1, get this instead. If you have, wait for a sale."
76561198013026789,Not Recommended,454650,28714832,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pi Flavored,"So to clairify. If you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the online play, or care that the game is a glorified expansion pack of the first Xenoverse. Then your golden. Go ahead and buy it, you'll have a fantastic experience. Hell, even my own experience with the single player wasn't BAD... It wasn't anything to rave and give praise to, but it wasn't BAD.However... If you want to play the online mode. Good luck. At that point, you're basically playing everyones most hated game show, ""Will my version work?"" where everything about the game suddenly tanks performance wise if you take it online! A problem that Bandai and their dev teams had plenty of time to fix for people. But they didn't. I'm even hearing of even more people having this problem now since their latest ""patch"" to the game, at the time of writting this.If anything, anyone that wants this game, should wait until there is a sale on it. If you were a fan of the first Xenoverse, you might like this. Just never forget the following bullet points that should convey what I'm trying to say here better than my rant.1) Xenoverse 2 is a glorified expansion pack of the first game2) Online play will have potential (and likely permanent) performance issues3) Voice acting and dialouge isn't synched properly (but this one is a nitpick)4) Trunks is still an incompetent boob of a time travelerKeep those points in mind, and think very carefully about if buying this game at the full retail price is really worth your time and money. If it isn't, then wait for a sale. If you've decided these points have disuaded you entirely, feel free to heed my thumbs down."
,Recommended,454650,31338992,Posted: 24 April,all,Vinrael,"Highly recommended for any of reasons from me:- Nothing else comes close to the power tripping RP of this when you get a decent selection of moves, seriously landing that first perfect kamehameha to finish a tough match is an indescribable feeling and it only gets better form there- Piecemeal picking up Equipment/Moves as you go gives variety to everyone's first/second/third playthroughs (srsly, it's a huge concentrated effort to get all moves/costumes/souls without cheating)- The character creator in general is pretty fantastic, keeps things looking like the DBZ style but with enough range to do pretty unique characters- Extensive roster of DBZ chars if you don't like playing as your custom all the time- Training under all the different instructors and having things pay off with you getting new techniques/getting stronger feels like actual training progress- Surprisingly faithful to the Anime/Manga when it comes to fights if a bit slower (understandably, humans can't react in nanoseconds)- Good difficulty curve with most gamemodes, the time patrol and Parallel Quests get tougher at a reasonable rate and are pretty damn difficult near the end- Large rifts in time provide mini-storylines that help your character unlock their inner potential, big step up from the first game where you ground out a PQ until super saiyan dropped at random, this time you'll earn your transformation and while not all of them are super-useful they're all unique and cool as hell- Proper engagement escalation, I cannot stress this enough. You go from a useless newb with generic skills to learning from people who were badass at the time and ride that wave of constant escalation right on through all of DBZ into GT, New movies era and on into Super territory with the DLCs- Presets allow you to create quickly accessible moveset/gearset variations for your own characters, memorise each stage of your evolution and create your own sliding scale of badassery! I tend to keep between 4 and 5 different sets for each of my characters as they increase in strength just like Goku and Friends'- All the moves, seriously, just about any technique from DBZ you'd want to use is in here somewhere. The only majorly lacking spot is the transformations and that's understandable. Because it's one of the biggest whinges about this game I'll include the ones you can use after this: Kaioken/x3/x10/x20, SSJ/2/3, Future SSJ, SSV/2, Potential Unleashed, Giant Namek, Majin Purification (Become a Kid Buu style majin), Golden Freiza Clan, Power Pole Master (Flying nimbus and Power Pole). Transformations that are constantly asked after that you CANNOT use as a CaC: SSJ4, SSG, SSGSS, SSR, LSSJ, RSSJ, Great Ape, Freiza Race forms 1-8, Fusions, Super Buu, Majin Forms, Cell Absorption. I think that covers everything.- Surprisingly deep combat system once you get the basics down but no pressure to use advanced techniques unless you care to. You can quite happily pass the base game content with some grinding and mashing basic combos if you are good with your supers but pulling off stamina breaks or step vanishing/aura-dashing combos can feel really rewarding.-  Make no mistake though, this game is riddled with irritating bugs and the difficulty on the expert missions is insane past a point. PvP there really isn't much point in either as it's the usual mishmash of cheaters/people with 1000ms connections. Cooperative stuff is pretty fun though.- In the end what keeps me coming back is the sheer, dazzling variety of builds you can do with this Char Creator/Moves/Equipment/Souls same thing that kept me playing the Dark Souls series' for hundreds of hours each time.In Summary:There's a definite reason I have 150+ Hrs on this thing. It fills a niche for super-powered combat with custom characters you cannot even come close to getting anywhere else, this is also the only Season Pass I've ever forked out for and been happy with what I've got so far. Each new DLC pack brings me right back into the fold with a new build based on the new moves.Short Points:Polish: 5/10 Rough edges and bugs aboundGameplay: 8/10 Damn solid 3D fighter with good contentRoster: 9/10 very few omissionsReplayability: 10/10 So much stuff to collect and useGFX: 8/10 Fits the style and looks great but prioritizes FPS, move effects are gorgeousOverall: 9/10 for me only because I don't care about PvP."
,Not Recommended,454650,35469088,Posted: 4 October,all,Kapanth,I understand the need for an anti cheat system and I applaud it but when it kills mods that I only use offilne and have no impact on online like new characters and the game simply crashes and I can't recommend this game because of that. Mods are one of the best thing in this game and they just killed it. :(
,Not Recommended,454650,35472478,Posted: 4 October,all,The Neverending Twilight,"This is a fantastic game that I believe any fan of DBZ would enjoy. It is easily the closest to experiencing the anime, at least since the Budokai Tenkaichi series. However, the reason I'm giving this a thumbsdown is because Rockstar here does not know anything about its players or community. I understand wanting to prevent online cheating. It makes sense. I'm not going to fault Bandai for wanting to keep people from cheating. However, in doing so, they KNOWINGLY effectively killed off the modding scene. Why should people be punished for buying this game and wanting more for it? Sure, there's DLC, but that's just not enough. Modding keeps games alive even years after they originally came out. So we should not be punished just for wanting more characters, costumes, and moves. And we shouldn't be punished for using those exact mods online with FRIENDS who also have those same mods. However, if you're using them against random players, then fine. Yeah, that makes sense. But to completely ban them from offline and playing online with friends who also have them is unacceptable.So until we're allowed to use mods again... until only actual cheaters are effected by this... my review will stand. As will every other angered modder. You messed up, Bandai. You messed up just like Rockstar and Bethesda. But hopefully you will actually learn from your mistake. If you do, then this review will come down.Edit: Oh, I completely forgot to mention and this is an issue that has existed before this horrible new anti-cheat nonsense was implemented. For some reason, some of the characters who I tried to unlock just wouldn't, despite meeting the requirements to do so. I did what was asked of me to unlock Mr. Satan, Saiyaman 1, and Saiyaman 2 as playable characters but yet, they never unlocked. Hit randomly unlocked for some reason despite not doing his requirements. Maybe fixing characters not unlocking would have been a really good idea but nah, gotta do that crusade against modders."
76561198106674338,Not Recommended,454650,28255536,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,daveyi777,"For the record I am in the UK and have a strong Broadband connection. This means jack however - as of yet I have yet to have a single online pvp or PQ match due to constant DC's or simply not being able to find a room. So this and this reason alone is enough for a ""not recomened"" as of right now - and no doubt it will remain so as BanCo don't seem interested in adddressing said problem.which is a shame. Offline  play has been, while not without its own faults, enjoyable in it's own right - to a point. (Expert and PQ missions a little dull on my lonesome.)The little in the way of new content for CaC was also disappointing, given that the role-playing aspect of this game is one of it's biggest draws for many, myself included. They even created an entirely new problem of not beeng able to switch avatars in the same manner as XV1 which is incredibly frustrating. (Having to replay all tutorials, story and PQ missions AND unlock aall characters INCLUDING wish characters is some next level BS.)So while creating your own DB avatar and the initial playthrough of the story is fun, replay value is a lot lower than the previous game.Overall a frustrating experience."
,Not Recommended,454650,35472790,Posted: 4 October,all,CN,"We were promised that with the arrival of anti-cheat, our cosmetic mods would remain safe. That is not the case.I would not recommend buying this game, until this lie has been cleared up."
76561197989724251,Recommended,454650,26282687,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MeatHammer,"Regardless of Bamco's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this is now the best Dragon Ball game. Ever."
,Not Recommended,454650,26411305,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,-Gemini-,"Changing my recommend this game to No for now, since the bugs are just insane in the PC version, they didn't do a beta test for PC only PS4, and clearly that was a bad idea, and it's 80% re-used assets from xenoverse 1. Which means they should have had a lot more time to fix this type of thing up and polish the game.List of bugs that have been driving me crazy. (many more exist)- Australia region bugged and can't find teams/partys.- Australia region being put with [EU] instead of [ASIA].- Music in a lot of maps just gets stuck repeating the first 10 seconds of the song on loop.- Crashs randomly everywhere.- Lots of english dialog bugs out the game and crashs it.- People using trainers on characters and still able to online battle.- Expert mission tutorial bugs out and instant casts.- Expert missions randomly bug out and teleport the boss outside of the walls.- Find Team in pause menu only brings up a character info screen instead of joining the team.- Trying to wish with dragon balls crashs 80% of the time.- Control becomes unresponsive in many situations when it shouldn't.- When game crashs mouse speed is changed drastically in windows and doesn't return to normal."
76561198057363272,Not Recommended,454650,26411154,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Water's flame,"hello!this game has many issues but within all those problems there is some good.lets get to the Review.Cons:- As many know the greater rift issue is still there and has said to have been fixed but as still not been done- Npc Fighters difficulty very poor, either heavy close ranged or they jump up and down for most of it (some fights are challanging)- Story locks itself when you reach a curtain point and forces you to do tasks not part of the main story- Controls can be a nightmare with keyboard and mouse (would recommend using controller)- Multiplayer Lobby forces you to be only play with others for 3 hours. (Multiplayer locked until later when starting)- Game closer to a beta then a full released game- Story is very short (abit expected in a fighting game though....)Pros:- Visuals are good and even better during story cinimatics.- Fighting moves animation polished from the first game (still a few issues)- Multiplayer largely upgraded from first game (not broken like before)- Fights are more closely related to the anime ((only the person you lockon to will be the one you mainly fight) however if there is more then one opponent they will fire ki blasts at you randomly)-if you played the first game and beat it your character appears in story and as a holographic statue in the center of the cityDeveloper Cons:-Lied to Consumers for support duration (was over a year, now 6 months or more)-Lack of support for game in a general sence (forums included)Developer Pros:-NoneOverall:Would advise waiting until they fix the game and a steam sale of 50% off or more.have a good day and i hope i have helped you decide to buy or not. ^^;"
,Recommended,454650,28491625,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mighty Donut,"Making a serious review this time.Xenoverse 2 is the successor to Xenoverse 1 (obviously) a game based in fixing a broken and currupted timeline, which by this point it is no surprise to anyone, Towa and Mira are the ones behind it all.Story:-(I will avoid spoilers if possible, despite most of the community already knowing most of it even without playing the game)-While the first game surely felt short plotwise with uninteresting plot devices and weird twists at times, the second one managed to redeem itself and bring out a better story than before, while still being able to use what was previously established. A decision that was not bad at all and created a new non cannon interesting turn for the franchise.Gameplay:>Pros<-With a great and fun singleplayer experience on your first run, with a lot to explore, a new hub world that is beautiful in its own way, and offers a lot of mini quests and interesting gimmicks. This game in single player is definetly a beauty. Mentors are easy to find, quests are interesting to do, and now with enemy rushes that sometimes can be annoying, certainly do improve the experience.-While it certainly did improve from its previous instalment, with far better combo game and much more fluid combat, even adding new types of combos and attacks, Xeno2 sure has brought a lot of new mechanics that make the game feel fresh, challenging and honestly, leaving the feeling of a true dragon ball fight. Well, almost.-Before we move on to the next part of this review...  MODS!!! One of the greatest things in this game. A lot of oportunities and creativity with what the devs have allowed us to do! Creating attacks, characters, transformations and hopefully maps and more in the future that we would love to see in game but never really got to! Boy it's good to play as super saiyan blue Vegito and Buu Gohan Absorbed. But that's just scratching the surface, with characters such as False super saiyan goku or even Bojack!>Cons<-But oh well, It's true xenoverse 2 feels a lot more like fluid and with fights that leave you feeling like a true warrior in the game, however this is if you play it fully for fun. Online has far too many exploitable issues and don't get me started on hackers. On PC it is far too easy to hack without getting punished.-Some of the issues gameplay wise are more related to the fact that this is the second instalment and we still dont have beam clashes like in previous games. A real dragon ball game, having an epic battle ending it with a struggle in a life or death situation, where you mash your button hoping to get that win you worked so much to achieve... Nothing beats that great feeling. Even if you lose, it was still a worthy match ending with an epic and flashy struggle. I hope in the future we get to see this both in beams and even on melee struggles where both players clash with fists and mash. The one who mashes more times, wins and sends the enemy flying.-Broken moves. The devs do try to balance them out but there will always be that one cheap combo, you can do nothing about, and will always lose to. By the time of this review, attacks such as Absolute Zero and Prelude of Destruction (just two examples) leave a player feeling robbed of that mach and with 0 fun during this unfair fight because he could not move during the whole time and just had to see his health drop like crazy.-Camera issues, game crashes, constant DC in certain missions and many more. Only a few of the many many bugs this game has. Devs seem o never be able to successfully patch them... so this really becomes an issue to us all.- And let us not forget about certain design choices. Such as every new character has to start everything from the very very beginning expect for moves and zenni but everything else is lost which now caused players to use max level mods more frequently so they dont have to play everything from the start and not be able to farm exp as easily as before. Also the loading screens are horrible and please get rid of the tutorial levels... I've palyed them way too many times.Developers:-Sure they patch the game once in a while, sure they get to fix the issues we get... but every time we require it, even when it comes to DLC being released, it always takes too long and there's some problem which leaves me and other players wondering about the developers skill to program a game. But despite all of that, we still get what we were promised even if dellayed, and this game does indeed grow better and better. Let's just hope the crashes and hackers end for good sometime in the future.Final Rating: 7/10 Needs Beam clashes.This has been my review for Xenoverse 2 but before I leave, I'd like to comment that I have a group on steam for players to group up for raids, quests and even battles easily without having to go online and just spammung around Coton city that they want friends to play with. At the moment we are small but once we grow we will start making tournaments, streams and more to not let this game die, much less become forgotten to its console under realm counterpart.Make PC Version grow, make PC version Better!Check it out on my profile! My main group! (Xenoverse 2 Fighting Community!)"
76561198232156228,Not Recommended,454650,26542834,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BucketKnight,Cant say i like this game for all its got. but there are a ton of glitches and bugs that bandai namco still dont care to fix. THE GAME AT ITS CORE IS FUN however there are some things wrong with it. Its not a stable build whatsoever in the first expert mission most of the bosses attacks fly out of the map and out of reach for you making impossible to complete the story. If you want to be a completionest this is NOT THE GAME FOR YOU its to buggy and you can kiss your♥♥♥♥♥goodby at all the ingame achievments. I hope all thiese bugs are fixed soon or else.  I am realy tired of people paying good money for an UNFINISHED GAME.
,Not Recommended,454650,26381672,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Chaosation,"I love this game, and I'm going to continue to play it, but do I recommend you buying it right now?Hell No.This game is full of frustrating bugs and glitches that need to be fixed, and the fact that it was released in this state was bad.Two major problems that I have with this game so far.Bear in mind, I have a GTX 1080, i7 6800K, 32 Gbs of RAM, X99 Gigabyte Motherboard. This machine can run The Witcher 3 at Maximum Ultra setting and run at 110 - 130 frames per second, but this game will continue to crash every other 20 minutes? I think I've counted with my friend at least 23 crashes so far just doing parallel quests normally.Usually it's a hard crash that freezes my computer entirely and forces me to sign out of my account on my computer just to end all the programs. I pray for the times it's a crash with a pop up window that will exit the game for me, saving me time of reseting.The second major flaw is the bugged nature of some of the quests that make it unable to complete certain missions. Especially the Expert Missions involving Great Apes where they will just fly out of the map, unable to defeat them. And without any pause menu within a multiplayer match, you're either stuck there for 10 - 15 minutes, or you have to Alt F4 the damn thing. (Whoever had the bright idea of no menu access during any sort of multiplayer match, Wow. Just, Wow.)Did no one do any sort of testing? Any lengthy period of game play on the PC? Poorly Ported, clearly meant for consoles.EDIT: The upsides. Sorry. The good things? Everything else.Better Graphics that make it feel like a great Dragon Ball spinoff, but 3d Modeled. The combat is far improved in the hand to hand aspect. The Ki combat was extremely balanced now to make it way more fair. The Story is interesting, and original, continuing off from the first one. The ending, is very nice, and the choice is gave you was really heart warming. Loved it. The voice acting is still great. AI on easier levels is pretty dumb, but the harder missions you'll be very challenged.Overall just everything else about this game is great. Really great. If they fixed the issues above, it would be a 9/10 no sweat.Stay away from this until you hear of a patch that fixes these, or a price drop.I am disappointed I preorded this for $78 bucks, only to be let down."
,Recommended,454650,29468650,Posted: 24 January,all,Dark Lothbrok,"Loved the first Dragon Ball Xenoverse and this improves on it in virtually every way I could want. Massively improved hub world, more combat options, more character customization,new transformations,new moves,a different,longer and better campaign.Every aspect of the first Xenoverse is taken and expanded upon to great effect.If you have played the first Xenoverse you will be pleased that the gameplay is faster, more fluid and more responsive.Also the grinding aspect has been lowered you don't have to do the same quest over and over to just get that one costume or skill you want. Most of the times you'll get it after 2-3 times, with a rare occasion where it's taking longer.The student and teacher aspect has been changed where you can get the techniques right away. Character customization has been tweaked, more options to create a character and every race now has a power-up/transformation.But,there are some issues too.For example: the loading screens. Bandai Namco has promised to fix this in the future but as of now the loading screens are very long and take you out of the immersion in the game. Sometimes you will be watching at a white screen for about a minute and that is very long for this day and age .Sometimes, if you take too much time to select a parallel quest,  the game just freezes forever, you can't even close it (i had to turn my PC off).8/10"
,Not Recommended,454650,35483870,Posted: 4 October,all,B4 | Emeralde,"To be honest, this game WAS fun.I played more than 880 hours, ever since God of Destruction's Anger, a skill in the game, was still a thing. And also mods made this game even more enjoyable, people could create new fighters, new textures, new customizable options for your character, new stages and add them to the game's files and it was great! Fighting friends was a blast, the game looks alright,Shure, not everything was great on the PC release.There where hackers almost everywhere, boosters, and mods that gave players an incredible advantage to them when fighting.But then came Easy Anti Cheat, or EAC for short.WE, the Xenoverse community were waiting a response froms the Devs to finnaly end hacking in this game, where promissed of still being able to mod our characters for cosmetic purposes only. And after EAC was finnaly added into the game...It only brought disapointment...The problem with EAC, is that it's not really an ""Anti-Cheat"", it's an ""Anti-Mod"".The promise of still having our mods intact was a lie, or what I'd like to call, NEGLIGENCE. Bandai ignored what this EAC would really do. In fact, it's the exact opposite of what they told us. It doesn't stop cheaters and it does not stop trainers, but it certainly stops cosmetic mods, added cast characters from modders (Not the bad ones that abuse the game. The guys that make stuff like Super Saiyan God Vegeta, SSJ4 Goku Black, heck even Sonic the Hedgehog a thing in the game) that do a better job of making saiyan tails might I add.In conclusion, Bandai and Dimps, together, only release disapontment after disapointment for me.I am going to uninstall this game soon if they don't fix this."
,Recommended,454650,30328136,Posted: 4 March,all,Caesar,"It's a fun game, but not worth $60-$70.Buy it on sale, maybe 30% off or more."
76561197968357855,Recommended,454650,26273548,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Bonesjustice08,"I really enjoyed and beat the first Dragon Ball Xenoverse on PS4. This game is obviously an upgrade. More variety, the fighting mechanics and gameplay hasnt really changed much. Just a little more to do. If you love DBZ world and not looking for a serious fighting game (Street Figher whatever, Mortal Kombat) this is your game."
,Recommended,454650,32840504,Posted: 26 June,all,Tactical Spagget,I just came here to say that the fight with Frieza and Cooler is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to beat
,Recommended,454650,26273959,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Aceprojectx,"Dragon ball video games have come a long way; and I personally see xenoverse 2 as the best fighting game I ever have the privledge of playing. It is addicting, interesting, and downright entertaining. It is a upgrade of the first xenoverse in everyway, and what has not been modified or changed is still here in the 2nd game.Xenoverse 2 is more ""what if"" than trying to stick to the correct timeline; for example you may fight both vegeta and nappa in Great Ape form at the same time and then after you finish the sayian saga its mission accomplished. This makes it feel more new and fresh. The characters are the same as before, you have an extra slot for transformations rather than it taking an skill slot this time around called the ""awaken"" state.To be honest, I dont really want to spend all day on a review, if you liked the first xenoverse, you cant lose here. You wont be disappointed."
76561198005401093,Recommended,454650,26286709,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,JunkHound,"1st Impressions are simple, if you’re looking for a solid Dragonball Z title with surprising depth and you’ve never played Xenoverse before, then you might want to pick this up! That said, if you are familiar with the series and played Xenoverse before, then this basically Dragonball Xenoverse the Deluxe Edition. It’s not exactly a sequel, more of a refined and expanded Game of the Year edition of previous title!Fun to play with friends, hands down the best part of the game, but there are some noticeable downsides. Not every class excels at PVP for instance, so jumping into random matches against strangers will usually result in a bad time. But if you want to duke it out with your friends then you’re sure to have a blast. Don’t have any friends? This game will allow you make some pretty quickly! In-game mic support allows for quick, on the fly communication to meet and greet new people.Pros –* Lots for Dragonball fans to enjoy!* Expanded Xenoserve with larger HUB town, more tasks to do, and things to collect.* Very good graphics and runs stable of higher end rigs.* Playing with friends is delightful.* Game is fluid, fast, and very deep. Will take a long time to master.Cons –*Currently, Lots and lots and lots and lots of bugs. At the time of writing there is a huge list of issues on the forums, check those before you consider purchasing. Joysticks get inverted controls in menus, which revert back in some instances. Custom layouts reset to default in Multiplayer, various crashing, connection drops, etc etc. They are releasing updates and patches, but it may take several weeks if not a month or more before things start being stable overall. Purchase at your own risk and expect things to mess up.*On the surface it feels like a bargin-bin game, but it's better than it the character animations and bad voice acting suggest.*Online Multiplayer is lacking a lot of depth and control. Room creation is a chore.*Denied access to the Multiplayer Lobby and Flight in HUB until you complete Frieza Saga, which saps some fun out, but you can join Multiplayer rooms via NPCs though until then.*AI in PVP matches cannot be controlled or scaled, it’s set to extreme difficult by default and can be very, very hard to deal with. If you’re new to the game can get decide to fill a slot with a Computer AI, expect the AI to destroy everybody in the room unless your friends are well-versed in the game.*Story Chit-Chat often goes on for ages mid-fight, even after you’ve beaten everyone in the zone. There is no way to skip in-mission dialogue and it can force you to take more damage than you desire. It’ll make certain NPCs invulnerable at the last sliver of their health, which can be frustrating.Conclusions -If you’re a Dragonball fan and never played Xenoverse before, pick it up. If you are a returning player, expect more of the same and consider this an expansion update. Fun to play with friends, good place to make friends, and an overall good time. Be wary of the many issues, game is freshly released and very buggy. Highly recommended you research forum and watch videos before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,454650,26601823,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Roberts,"If I could get a refund at this point, I would. Too many bugs and glitches at end game that make it unplayable."
,Recommended,454650,31132597,Posted: 14 April,all,im fucking gay ok mom,"This game is amazing imo but, there is just a lack of online players probably due to modding. It's enjoyable till you finish the game but if you got nobody to play with it will just get stale."
76561198168636292,Not Recommended,454650,28409868,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,carl broughton,It's a good game but it's got so little in the way of support for pc that I can't recommend it.
76561198029054199,Recommended,454650,26273577,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,THAT RED DEDEDE,If you liked XENOVERSE 1 and like the dragon ball series you will love this game!
76561198038650052,Recommended,454650,28565666,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nightmare Mirri,Much better then Xenoverse 1 and heres few reason's.1. better fighting mechanics and more of them.2. transformations for all races.3. bigger city.4. long story mode.5. customizing is bigger and better.6. character roster is bigger.
,Recommended,454650,31727653,Posted: 13 May,all,Squidward Tortellini,"This game is better than Xenoverse 1 in almost everyway IMO, the only things I see wrong with it is occasionally rare crashes and a few attacks not connecting with either some races or on online, and lastly, you need to redo the story and PQs to get the characters and the story for the PQs, apart from them few things, the game is great for fans of DBZ or just anyone who likes fighting games."
,Not Recommended,454650,35489315,Posted: 5 October,all,✘,"https://i.imgur.com/uixVgAb.jpgill change my opinion if they fix this, but bannedco doesnt care about the community so i highly doubt they will"
,Not Recommended,454650,26365796,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Syruse,"They still haven't patched it LMAO.Incredibly buggy and unplayable online. There is no news if or when a patch is coming.The AI is straight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Allys are totally incompetent and will constantly get in your way and mess up combos, letting enemies couter you. Enemies will often exclusively target a player character making them unable to escape constant stun-lock. All the meanwhile your ally AI will just stand there and watch you die. It gets worse the farther you get into the Parallel Quests.Nearly all of the quests are copy/pasted from Xenoverse 1. The campagin is really nothing of note and there is no real story to speak of, with the ending being a total anti-climax."
,Recommended,454650,31966982,Posted: 26 May,all,Pixie Stix,Skip the first and play this one.
76561198106802854,Recommended,454650,27159237,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jellykelly,"THE BIG GETE STAR ENABLED ME TO CHEAT DEATH, HOW COULD THIS BE?"
,Not Recommended,454650,35494520,Posted: 5 October,all,Scuttlebutt,Latest patch made mods unusable which is pretty much what makes the game way more fun than it should be. :(
76561197999607560,Not Recommended,454650,29610806,Posted: 31 January,all,SIGFOR,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 feels more like an update to Xenoverse than a new game itself. The fighting mechanocs have been improved with new mechanics, making it feel a bit fresh. The story is a good continuation from Xenoverse that allows you to import a character from Xenoverse as a Time Patroller Hero.Now this is where the game becomes an issue. This game is plagued with problems, crashing is a fairly common issue that patches have failed to remedy. I have had to play the game in Steam Offline Mode which prevented crashing somehow. The raid quests are broken where the energy blasts and/boss will teleport outside of the battle area, needing you and your team of most likely AI to spam super attacks until you shoot the energy blast back from out of the ground.The online lobbies are dead for certain mission types. Raids are always a barren wasteland when finding teammates, causing me to do it with AI. The missions become near impossible to complete without human allies. Most people stick to offline parallel quests which is why its hard to find partners.The online battles are hilarious, as for one, i am in no way a good player in the pvp realm. Some players are extremely good and will punish you in every way imaginable. Also apparently you can play with moded characters online so fighting someone who is invincible with infinite ki and stamina is not unheard of.The online community is extremely low due to the issues of bugs not fixed, the console versions are still alive but PC as usual is dying. Based on past histories of PC releases and dlc choicing, I predict that SSJR and Zamasu will be either the last or 2nd last DLC, and Xenoverse 3 will be announced next year.Do not purchase full price, wait until its on a good sale of 60% or more off. Or wait for Xenoverse 3 post launch. Theres a good game hidden in here, but its too late to salvage the lost community. This game flopped as hard as the DBS Future Trunks arc."
76561198119289055,Recommended,454650,29930404,Posted: 14 February,all,Super_Noob_X,Very fun fighting game with a ton of character customization in everything from appearance to ability combinations. You can learn iconic abilities plus plenty of fun new ones and fight along side your favorite DBZ heroes. DBZ fans will love this game.
76561198263950574,Not Recommended,454650,35485065,Posted: 4 October,all,Vanish,"You guys have made the game worse, at the beginning there were glitches that need to be fix but after 4 dlc barely anything was fixed at all, the only thing that make the game good are mods. It just give players a preview of what a character will or might look like. Now you took it away for no DAMN reasons at all. Plus you guys are gonna release dlc 5 anyway so why even bother removing mods.  You guys don't even care about the pc fan base of Xenoverse, even through pc isn't as big as console but god damn please don't torture us anymore. GIVE MODS BACK"
76561198067545906,Not Recommended,454650,35486186,Posted: 4 October,all,Based Adachi,"Ya dun goofd Bandai. There was objectively no reason for you to screw over modders. Without mod support, this game is pretty much dead."
76561198144616037,Recommended,454650,26312388,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CaptainAfrican,"Great Part 2... But that AI tho...So its fun as hell. The new City is huge and you really can spend hours in it playing around. The combat was Built upon and is very addicting. Basiclly Xenoverse 1 on Crystal Meth. Crashed on me 2 times in 10 min about 15 hours into the game on a  gotanks challenge but other than that it works fine. But now the most frustrating part. THE AI...I fail to understand why there are quests where you have to keep a character alive but you cant heal them. And why do they sit there and watch me get my wig spilt??? Jaco literally just observed me get my face stompped in by freeza. Oh the Enemy A.I.? Oh they will get into that rectom(I had to spell it wrong). They had a mission where you have to bet these 3 patrollers and they Stomped me in the Nutz 2 times before i beat them. Jumping simulater at its finest. even your teamates take part in it.Other than that gripe the story started off exactly like xenoverse 1 and i was about to fall asleep but then it took a Randy Orton out of nowwhere turn after the Saiyan Saga. From there it was eh... then OHHH ♥♥♥♥♥TT.. then eh. Then the ending was Dope worth sticking around for.Ps... I loved The Capsule Corp. Music. Its so damn Catchy that i go there when i want to do anything in the menus lol.If you like DBZ, Get this game.If you like Fighting games, Get this game.If you like Beotches, Get this game.If you are Human, You guessed it... Your human.Overall 8 out of 10That damn World tournament mode better come out this time.Edit.. And i just noticed there are 98 (possible 100) Parallel Quests. Worth the 50"
,Recommended,454650,34926251,Posted: 13 September,all,Coriend The House,"Dragonball Xenoverse 2 is a hybrid between an MMORPG and a 3D fighting game in the vein of previous DBZ titles and while it incorperates elements of both, it also compounds some of the flaws of each.Let's begin with what's good about the game. Character creation is back from the original and even better than ever. With the ability to transfer your character, their moves, and their equipment (with a very few exceptions) you can start the game with a decent and familiar moveset for your custom character. The races all return from Xenoverse 1 with slightly altered stats. If you check out the Steam Guides you can find the Big Numbes Guide for this game by the same person who made the one for the first DBXV, and the first thing you notice is that the racial multipliers are drastically reduced. This means that you can pick basically any race you'd like and play basically any playstyle and at least in the story and co-op modes succeed (mostly, I will touch on this again when I get to the cons).There are new customization options, including new hair, voices, accessories, clothing, and a new addition in QQ Bangs, which are accessable very early on in your playthrough and are made from other pieces of clothing, miscellaneous items, and a small fee of the in-game currency, Zenni. This means you can wear whatever you want and the QQ Bang will overwrite the stats, meaning you can give your custom character a look that is all their own without sacrificing stat bonuses.Speaking of stat bonuses, every race now has its own unique transformation which you get by doing side quests in various areas within the hub world. Each race gets a unique benifit, as well as the universal Kaioken and Unlock Potential transformations. Not only this, but they have their own slot on the move wheel, allowing you to have a transformation AND two Ultimate Techniques.As for the Skills themselves, Super Skills are mostly returning from DBXV1 with a handful of new ones added. Some of them have been altered slightly or rebalanced, but most are the same. Ultimate Skills are similar, with some balance changes made.Combat is basically the same as the first game, except each race gets its own unique combo chains which is nice. This lets you pick your playstyle (again I will touch on this later).Story is very similar to the first game with some twists and new bosses and story segments, this time drawing from Dragonball Super's first two arcs instead of movie plots for the last few story missions. It takes between 3-4 hours to finish completely, sans DLC of course (I will not be talking about the DLC content in this review other than here to reccomend getting it for the additional content and additional moves).Parallel Quests are also largely the same, with some basically being copied straight from DBXV1. This is both a strength and a weakness, because the only changes made are win conditions generally, and they were in the first game.There is a new type of mission added for this game: Expert Missions. These missions consist of fights of varying difficulty where you and 4 other people team up to fight either a superpowered normal enemy with new abilities, a large enemy with those same powers, or a normal enemy with tons of HP. These vary wildly from cakewalks to brutal marathons that will require teamwork and skill and your most powerful moves.The shops in-game have been left largely alone, aside from the addition of TP medals and the TP medal shop (open Friday-Sunday every week). While you can use TP medals (which you earn from Expert Missions, doing new Parallel Quests for the first time, or get as gifts from the devs from time to time) to purchase regular items, moves, and equipment, you're much better off saving them up in the literal hundreds to purchase moves from the TP Medal Shop. Moves here cannot be acquired any other way except maybe from your DBXV 1 create-a-character's import process. These include powerful moves like Goku Black's Black KameHameHa Ultimate and Final Shine from GT. You can also get exclusive gear here, which may or may not be to your taste but the option is there.Now for the bad stuff.First of all, Combat has become a mirror of what it was in DBXV1. In the first game, beamspam was dominant in PVP and PVE and a female saiyan with Super Vegeta and beam spam was basically unstoppable. This game outright will punish you for using energy attacks in 1v1 scenarios. There is a new mechanic added called Stamina Break, which immediately depletes all stamina your opponent has and leaves them wide open to attack. They can't block, they can't dodge, they can't boost dash, they can only float around helplessly as you pummel them in a combo or knock them to the ground before dropping a huge ultimate on their head. This means that Stamina management and melee combat are the two most important things, especially for PVP. If you go into a PVP match with a Ki-based character, expect to be chewed up and spit out, unless you're doing 2v2 or 3v3 and your teammates can for sure keep the enemy off of you while you wind up that flashy super or ultimate move. Not only that, but many energy ball Ultimates have had their tracking nerfed and all attacks can be blocked so long as you have stamina save for a select few like Destructo Disk and Special Beam Cannon. Basically, if your'e going to do PVP, avoid making an energy-based character at all costs because you will be destroyed. This isn't even to mention the pathetic anti-cheat in place; it is rare, but i have encounted the same players using trainers or some other cheat tool in PVP more than once.Finally, the issue of connectivity with the servers is also there. You need to set your Steam download region to the one you want to play in. This is how the game determines your location.So, remember that Stamina break thing? Yeah guess what, the bots abuse the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. With their perfect reaction times it is incredibly difficult to land any sort of attack with a windup as they'll simply dash behind you and break your stamina, leaving you open to an AI-perfect beating. The bots are brutally hard.Also, every time you make a new character you have to unlock all the PQ's again and beat the story... again.Overall I'd reccomend this game most if you plan on getting the DLC/Season pass but it's still fun without those things, so give it a chance if you have the money and the time."
,Recommended,454650,32832749,Posted: 26 June,all,TheHumanPickle,This game is alright but online and stuff like that is almost unusable. Most DLC have barley and content but the few that do could keep you entertaned for an hour or so. Good game but made just for the money.
,Not Recommended,454650,34432441,Posted: 23 August,all,TheMagicalAcidTrip,"Somewhat of a disappointing buy. The game is fun, but should have just been an update or patch on to the original game. There's not much changed around but a few tweaks, a new hub world, etc. Also, online play (at least for me) has been rather atrocious, as I can't ever find any matches online despite there being hundreds of players running around outside. Don't buy full price. Get it during a sale if you can. I might update this if ever I find out how to fix the connection errors or buy the DLC."
,Recommended,454650,27082511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,'Mercy,"Like I mentioned in my Xenoverse 1 review, Ive been playing DB games for over 10 years, and I listed Xenoverse 1 as my top 5 DB games of all-time. Now lets be clear, Xenoverse 2 did just what a sequel should and even better, it kicked the first one out of the door and made it look awful (althought it was great game by itself) with plenty more features, bug and glitch fixes.Now dont get me wrong, this game is far from perfect, it has its flaws and after countless hours of playing ill list the game's pros and cons below.Pros :1) Story-mode, great villian and if you have a character in Xenoverse 1 he/she will be included in this game's story mode.2) A much more polished game graphicially, not intense but great graphics that doesn't require high-end gaming pc's to work.3) Smooth combat, combat has been improved ALOT since the first game.4) Alot of content, side-quests, missions, NPC's around the massively improved map will keep u occupied for at least 80+ hours.Cons :1) Crashes, now I haven't played much after the latest patch but previously crashes has been a big issue for most players.2) Raids, the newly implemented events knows as ""raids"" has been a huge flaw due to servers and length of the event.3) No Anti-Cheat system, this can be a problem for those who like to play ranked/competitive fighting games since u will run into some ♥♥♥♥♥es who need cheats to gain some virtual ranked points."
,Not Recommended,454650,33106922,Posted: 1 July,all,Red Shell Robo,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is a rather good game,you can create your own character and equip your own character with moves from all sorts of DBZ protagonists and antagonists you obtain throughout the game through parallel quests (PQ's) and through the skill shop as well as being able to get a variety of clothing outfits which you get the same way as you get the skills (except not in the skill shop but in the clothing shop ofcourse)the story's plot is basically put going back towards different areas in time of the DBZ saga's to undo the changes that Xenoverse 1's Towa and Mira are setting in place, the twist here is that you sometimes encounter villains from the DBZ movies like turles and slugas for the gameplay it's a lot better compared to Xenoverse 11st off ultimate's are no longer as broken as they were in Xenoverse 1, the AI will now attempt to dodge the attacks and later on in the game attempt to stamina break you if you attempt to recklessly use ultimate moves against your opponents, there are also other mechanics added like boosting towards your opponent really fast to attack them when you reach them by pressing both A and X at the same time on the Xbox One controller,there is also the stamina break moves you can pull off mid-combo by flicking the analog stick towards your opponent and pressing X or Y on the Xbox one controller to put them in an instant stamina break state, which allows you to either do a really long and damaging combo on your opponent or attack them with an ultimate attack, (if you do this move while the opponent has more than 2 stamina bars left however the opponent will recover from the stamina break state really fast)so from what i just mentioned you would think this game is defnitely worth getting right? well there is a reason why i am not recommending this game on the steam review section and the reason as to why is because the PC Port is absolutely terriblethe PC Port is littered with crashes, the PC Port has more bugs than the console release for some reason and some users have reported the game running slowly on their rig even tho their pc pass the recommended system requirements that is on the steam page of this game (in other words it depends on whether or not the game likes your PC Rig)and if that wasn't enough whenever an update releases it seems to not contain all the changes it's supposed to have while the console versions do have all the changes that are supposed to come with the update (for example the most recent update on PC is missing the in-game voice clips that SSGSS Vegito and Fused Zamasu are supposed to have and the skill ""Sword of Hope"" is completely broken on pc)so basically put, if you are gonna get this game, get it on either Xbox One or PS4,the PC Port is so littered with issues that it's best to avoid it like the plague"
,Recommended,454650,33410853,Posted: 9 July,all,「Wolfslinger」 hellcase.com,10/10Reasons-1. Bardock is GOD2. Goku is sexy3. Videl is only size A4. Vegeta acknowledged my power5. SSGSS nuff said6. Again Bardock is GOD7. Stamina is LYFE8. CAC can get interesting9. Namekians are Addicts10. Majin BAE if u know what i meanBut no seriously the game is great i never played xenoverse 1 so i didn't know what to expect. The Story was diffrent but interesting wanting me to buy the DLC for the game currently can't but I WILL! Bardock is in the game so its instant 10/10. not as repetitive as u may think. Alot of fun parallel quests.Cons-There is NO Bardock Hair wig i need that sexy bandana.PLZ ADD BARDOCK HAIR WIG I BEG YA 100$ DLC I WILL PAY!!!!
,Recommended,454650,27987682,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,🎃Bad Dream🎃,Pros: new characters new gameplay new skills new hub world new items and loads of new stuff.Cons: loads of glitches especially in the hub world where you fall out the map which gets annoying.In conclusion I give it a 8.9/10 definitely a 5 more minutes game
,Not Recommended,454650,26470944,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,KylJak,"At the game's current state and price-point, I cannot recommend this game. So much of the content has been recycled from the original Xenoverse game, moreso than perhaps any other Dragon Ball sequel game, but quite simply, the PC port is just a buggy mess.Often times, the game will momentarily freeze, resetting the control scheme on my PS4 controller until I pause and unpause the game, which, just so everyone's aware, you can't do during an online match. Other times, the game will simply crash and bring me back to my desktop. I've fallen through the floor of the hub world, Conton City, multiple times, with one instance being my character actually falling through the threshold to be teleported back, forcing me to quit the game and restart. Players can be knocked outside of the stages, and attacks thrown by enemies during Expert Missions can also be thrown out of bounds, making them impossible to be pushed back.The online multiplayer seems to have taken a hit as well, as for some reason, no matter if I host a game or try to search for one, no one joins and I can't find one. That goes for Versus Matches, Parallel Quests, and Expert Missions. The only times I've been able to play online with anybody is when a friend has invited me directly to a game. I've played the Beta on PS4, and it had none of those issues with multiplayer.It's such a shame too, because the game itself is fun. The music's great and the combat's been improved significantly. The story as well (or at least the last third, much like the first Xenoverse game) is amazing, and I really enjoyed it. I want to keep playing but I simply can't because the game is riddled with glitches and bugs.Only once this game gets patched (significantly) and receives a price drop would I recommend purchasing this game.Edit: As of Patch 1.0.3, the points I have made still stand, and I myself have additionally lost all my Skills and have been forced to re-collect them all again."
76561198129992644,Not Recommended,454650,35471125,Posted: 4 October,all,KitRae,No more mods. Online mode is bad.
,Not Recommended,454650,35472904,Posted: 4 October,all,Cotton,"Thanks, Dimps.The anti-cheat managed to get rid ofEVERYTHINGbut the actual mods that were a problem, the hacked QQ-bangs, and the actual hackers.Just don't try to regulate your games, it doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,454650,35474708,Posted: 4 October,all,Negromancer,"For modders that are now unable to play because of the new ""anti-cheat"" system, here's a workaround:Go to the EastAntiCheat folder in your XV2 game folder and remove EasyAntiCheat_x64.dll. This will allow you to continue playing offline with your mods.Leaving a negative review because this whole anti-cheat solution by Bandai/Dimps is totally hamfisted and not consumer friendly. If you're playing this game competitively online (lol) then you're probably playing on console like PS4. Modding was the one advantage this game had on PC that actually added VALUE to what is otherwise a repetitive and mediocre game.Bandai needs to figure out a different way to stop cheating rather than punishing offline modders, not this wide-sweeping, draconian nonsense that they always do with their games that ends up punishing legit customers that just want to mod their game and play offline, while the cheaters continue to cheat."
,Recommended,454650,26253094,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DyingSabre,"Most if not all issues experienced at launch have been fixed or solutions have been posted on the forums by now.This game is a clear improvement on Xenoverse 1. The story is far more interesting. The combat is even better than before. And the things you can do in the new Conton City are incredible.Time Rifts:Isolated areas of time that you can choose to complete quests in as well as unlock your race's transformation.Mentors:Mentors' skills can be acheived much quicker now and all mentors you qualify for appear at once in Conton City. You can complete advancement tests to qualify for more mentors and their lessons.Misc:-You can now FLY in the city, once you get past part of the story, and you get a capsule vehicle until then.-Training events: i.e. Milk Runs by Krillin.-Challenges: Find npcs or other players to challenge in the city.-Expert Missions: up to 6 players against difficult bosses.-Online/Offline matches, Online/Offline Parallel Quests, World Tournaments, just like the first game.Final Rating: 9001/10"
,Recommended,454650,26577918,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Squid King,Fought a super strong Yamcha in a quest. He stomped my entire party.10/10 would get yamcha'd by Yamcha again.
,Not Recommended,454650,26469682,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Juopporapu,"This game is waste of money. DBX1 was better. Got about 20h out of it. Story was shorter than in previous DBX1, I think it was easier too or maybe I was over powered....dunno.....anyway, game crashed every 2-3.5h gametime, got server error notifications and I was always kicked out of the online lobby.....tho that didn't bother me after I started playing offline. I fell couple times out of the map after alt +  tab.....idk why, ou yeah.....they still have this same problem as they had in DBX1 (dunno if they still have it in DBX1) that u can get kicked for ""idling"" even tho if u are playing PQs...yeah. Graphics are better, controls are same, SS skills nerfed (which is good thing).....maybe major thing that I hate is that u can transfer only 1 character.....god damn it..........just don't buy this game....this is like DLC to DBX1 that it needed.....buy this when it's around 20€ or something like that"
,Not Recommended,454650,35483246,Posted: 4 October,all,AoS Nocturnal,"Xenoverse 2 greatly improved from the first game, but we as a community  had complaints about the game like, for example, the Saiyan tail not moving while other saiyan tails from the Z characters actually move, or our Saiyan hair not spiking up when we go super saiyan while everyone elses does. So the fan based community thought to pick up the slack bandai didnt by adding mods for you to use in your game. Ill admit, those people who use stuff like god mode and stuff like that are in the wrong, there are plenty others that use the game that are mainly for visuals and sounds, not affecting the online play at all. But today's update completely shut down modding of all kind and is now just like any other console. Now your losing your fan base Bandai, i hope you notice this. And since the PC community is basically dead, everyone might as well go buy this game for the Xbox or Playstation, cause this game is just like those but with less of a community."
76561198263874224,Not Recommended,454650,35483362,Posted: 4 October,all,Mike,"I stopped playing this for awhile since I had other games to play. Recently, I wanted to play this game again and reinstalled it. Yet, what do I find? Dimps integrated an anticheat program. Great, it will stop those who cheat online, ruining other people's experiences. Problem is, it also stops modding offline, modding which made this game better. The majority of modders, myself included, most likely never even played this online and yet we are punished because of cheaters who played online. I'm not going to play this again until mods are allowed offline again."
,Not Recommended,454650,35478575,Posted: 4 October,all,Arction,"EDIT: This anti cheat not only fails to stop the most basic of hacks but it also logs data, keylogs inputs, and does not prevent the most basic of hacks like dll injections and Cheat Engine.0/10 indefinitely will never buy a Bandai Namco game againKinda long rant so for TLDR: You can't play offline with mods and I will not be purchasing any more Bandai Namco games because of this from this point forward.I loved DBXV2 when it first came out, but after a while I started to fade off it a bit because I'd played the first Xenoverse so much (over 100 hours is alot to me okay?) and the games were pretty similar. I never really played the online as well as it just wasn't for me for this type of game. Though I love doing CPU matches and the PQ questsBut what got me back into the game heaps was the mods, I absolutely loved being able to play as characters that fans of the game had put so much time and effort in to creating like Caulifla, Kale (that one is really impressive, voice acting and everything), Jiren and yes... Kermit the Frog. As well as starting the CPU matches off with Super Saiyans (So I could do something like Goku v Vegeta and wouldn't have to hope they decided to transform)But now this updates basically taken so much of the fun away from the game to me, that I don't really want to play it as much anymore which really sucks because I was getting so much back into this game and loving it.I don't know much about how this mods online thing works. But surely if you can stop people from not being able to play the game because some files are different, you could instead just make it so they can't use the online. I think most of the community would be completely happy with that.I also don't know what other people are doing with mods if there is a huge amount using it to cheat online, but all I wanted so some cool features and an up to date roster of DragonBall Characters to make the game much more fun. Because seriously look at those DragonBall Heroes clips and imagine how insane and fun it would be to play as those characters. Well, with these amazing modders it was possible but now not so much...Might be wrong but I heard Rockstar decided to pull a 180 on not allowing mods and now it seems alot of the negative reviews are gone, so I'd be more than happy to change this to a positive review if they start allowing mods again or just let you not go online (Seriously I'll take a permanent ban from online Bandai if you just let me mod mah singleplayer please) Though this game isn't a popular as GTA V so there probably won't be as much uproar about this and thus, they might not change this decisIon."
,Recommended,454650,26272885,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,グランドマスターKorruh,"People seem to be hating on this game alot since the time of this rewiew 10/28/2k16>most helpful reviews are negativeall of them comment on something that already changed. They're misleadingProsControls are simple. I can play without a controller eaisly(Controls I use are at the bottom if wanted)The map is way bigger, not in the case that bigger is just spread out but bigger betterThe combos are more indepth than before more exciting to see happenThe transformations are far better imo. You can turn into buu kiddo; golden freezer; super sand 3 and a giant piccoCharater save Transfer works but you have to follow thisGuideIt works, if you do exactly what's said.If you haven't seen the anime it probably doesnt matter the gameplay goes in order of the anime in story. Like Saiyan saga to the next one whateverthe AI from what I can tell seems to play alot better than XENOVERSE Id say. I think allied AI uses more Ki blastsafter playing for 10hours in 1 sesh I can say I really enjoy the game 10/10 plays better than the first oneMultiplayer works Public Lobby thing at Conton City is really cool takes place after XENOVERSEBuying the game is a great idea for fans of the franchise and gameplaySave transfer so you can have your Clothing and Skills and your XENOVERSE character will be the Heroine/Hero of Toki Toki City or now known as Conton CityMore movie characters are in like Turles, Cooler, Lord Slug, Broly, and Super Janemba. (Bardock if you count the speical episode) maybe I missed someHonestly if you liked the first one you most likely would like the second as much if not more.Grafix really are better and runs at a great 60fps smoothly (Motion blur should usually be off on PC)Playing with a team would make the quests alot more enjoyableI cant cover any cons because I suck at seeing any problems when im blinded after just buying the game.Problems others have encountered that I HAVE NOT:Random fps dropsProblems with crashes  (I have Win10 64bit)Switching from Eng to Jap or vise versa I was able to switch to eitherEDIT: You can only change your lango on the main menu atmGood stuffPeople are saying they changed it to '6 months of update n support and♥♥♥♥♥♥but I can see 'Post launch support for more than a year' so I guess it changed back FeelsGoodGoku Black and Future Trunks are fixed and show up for people who preorder and stuffOverall I would recommend this game to all people that enjoyed the original.Controls that suit me bestKi Blast Supers 'Ctrl'Ki Blast Ultimates 'Alt'Decsend 'X'Lock-on 'V'Battle Items 'R'Rest on default excluding chat and that other thing that will be unbindedI changed the chat options to Keys I dont use as I dont need chat"
,Not Recommended,454650,35478811,Posted: 4 October,all,ShamelessSellout,"You ♥♥♥♥ED IT UP.You'd think other companies would learn from removing modding capibilities. But of course, here we are again."
,Not Recommended,454650,35483534,Posted: 4 October,all,LvsrsRedDragon,"The ONLY reason I did buy this game was for the modding community. Now, no one can play them. Why the HELL would I want to play online, when the issue is not the cheaters, but the cancerous spammers? I refuse myself to go online, and I'll go out of my way to bypass this stupid anti-modding tool. I do not care about cheaters, never even encounter any... I heard you can still use XVPatcher by deleting some ddls, but it is still a dickmove from Bandai Namco to ban all modding for just a few cheaters."
,Not Recommended,454650,35483790,Posted: 4 October,all,Bane,"The company released an ""anticheat"" that not only destroyed the modding community but also included malware to monitor your computer"
,Not Recommended,454650,35471238,Posted: 4 October,all,Derptron,Paid Freaking Full Price for this barely played 25hrs and get thrown this *Anti-Cheat* and Brakes the Game for whatever freaking reason dont buy this product
76561198005304512,Not Recommended,454650,35492328,Posted: 5 October,all,Dakka,"They added EasyAntiCheat and blocked even cosmetic mods that I use offline EXCLUSIVELY. If you value the modding community, don't buy this trash. F*** Bamco/Dimps."
76561198064898407,Not Recommended,454650,35491139,Posted: 5 October,all,Tinnyn,ThisANTI CHEATINGsystem is garbage and very scummy in my opinion. It isn't going to help. The real cheaters are going to merrily ruin our games and the modders will suffer.
,Not Recommended,454650,35478358,Posted: 4 October,all,Ringo the Pussy Slaying Flamingo,was fun untill they killed mods
,Not Recommended,454650,35469433,Posted: 4 October,all,Everybody do the flop,"Getting rid of cheaters is one thing, but not allowing people to enjoy hacks that add more playable characters, getting various event-releated clothes or even ONLY MODDING OFFLINE, is the biggest mistake Dimps has ever made with this series!Congrats Dimps, you just killed off the last of the people who actaully play this game still."
76561198144131751,Not Recommended,454650,35469013,Posted: 4 October,all,Hugh G. Rection (Curtis),You killed the modding community. R.I.P
76561198029179242,Not Recommended,454650,35472656,Posted: 4 October,all,The Nightbringer,"The new anti-cheat update was promised not to break cosmetic mods and only target people who cheat.I'd like to see what cosmetic mods Namco-Bandai is using because this update kills off EVERY SINGLE COSMETIC MOD that I had. None of which altered gameplay whatsoever.Hackers and cheaters have been around since day 1 and not until nearly a YEAR later do they finally decide to do something about it. Meanwhile, now a good portion of the playerbase is locked out of legit modding.Thanks Dimps."
76561198008667455,Not Recommended,454650,28146762,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[HoI] Branderman,"OK after playing through the story and doing some multiplayer matches ive come to a conclusion if youre just playing it for single player (creating your own character, story, training, quest,) its alrightBUT for multiplayer (even if you have a good connection) its a big NO (at least for the current game) the net code is horriblesome things will not be recognized by the system, sometimes you get hit out of nowhere and dont get me started on balance :(some attacks are just broken and are really not fun to play againstas i said just for singleplayer its ok but because of the state of multiplayer i cant recommend it im sorry"
,Recommended,454650,31230122,Posted: 18 April,all,๖ۣۜClint_๖ۣۜBeastwood,IMO way better than the first. the feel of being more open in the world is great
,Recommended,454650,28844953,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Lord Himself Matua Andy,"A great and fun game but the servers are pretty ♥♥♥♥ed, otherwise great game"
,Recommended,454650,31349420,Posted: 24 April,all,Metavance,"This game is a great fighting game. There is a lot of technical skill involved and the matches boil down to who conserves their stamina best. There's a lot of content and a lot of characters, pretty balanced roster. I'd like to see characters added from dragon ball becasue currently all the characters are mostly from Z. Other than the one thing I hate is the lag, it can get pretty bad but other than that the game is super fun. If you love dragon ball it's a must buy."
,Recommended,454650,33644683,Posted: 18 July,all,GameZard,"My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewDRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 is a major improvement of DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE. For one they moved the game over to Unreal Engine 4 which was a smart decision and now it looks better, runs better and is now easily moddable. Combat has been improved as their are more ways now to counter attacks, especially with ki based attacks. The con that I had with the first game was that the music was generic but they tried to remedied this by having a DJ named Steve Aoki to make the soundtrack. The music is hit and miss. Some tracks are good and some are bad but at least it is not generic. The hub town got a major overhaul and is so large that you can now fly around the area. The story continues from Xenoverse but following a new custom character. The story basically retread the sagas from the previous game. Because of this it feels somewhat repetitive if you played Xenoverse. I don't understand why they only added a few  characters when it already have all the previous game characters. This game is basically an upgraded Xenoverse. So If you liked Xenoverse then you will like this game."
,Not Recommended,454650,35481336,Posted: 4 October,all,Jim Brokov,"Good job taking a great game with a lot of modding potential and completely ruining it. I was planning on buying the new DLC and Xenoverse 3 when it comes out, but I think I would rather spend my money on a game that doesn't punish me for having fun."
76561198044823175,Not Recommended,454650,35482704,Posted: 4 October,all,Volition,"I firmly believe no Bandai game should ever get a positive review, but the recent drama has given me an excuse to finally give it a negative one. I sure can be petty some days."
,Not Recommended,454650,35482130,Posted: 4 October,all,NOM Godmaster,"The game is awesome; allot of different skills, lots of update with new content, and enough to do (online or offline)One big problem (in my opinion): the game doenst support 3440x1440, only with a modded file.Since the new update, these kind of mods are not allowed...Back to offline mode... thanks Bandai...."
,Not Recommended,454650,35466875,Posted: 4 October,all,Sinist3rRain,"A good sequal to the original Xenoverse title. There's many reviews here that explain why. But as many are aware, a new anti-cheat was installed into the game's bin files today. Normally i'd be happy with this, (cheating is bad kids) but that isn't the case sadly, as now you cannot use cosmetic or other 3rd-party mods OFFLINE.The game is pretty fun to play, but eventually there's a extremely noticable point where the end game (we're talking end of story / doing DLC story and late game PQ's) is very grindy and becomes boringly stale. That's where modding came in.Online anti-cheat is a very logical, and honestly, acceptable answer. 100% recommend for online anti-cheat.But i cannot approve of this whilst offline. For example, normally Sayian CaC could only go to SSJ3, but there were a variety of mods that added new transformations (SSJB, SSJR, for example) that worked wonderfully. This was the major key point for me, (following DBS, if Goku could become SSJB, why couldn't my CaC?) and now they've targeted a very dedicated and hardworking community.Recommend if you are a die-hard fan. Can't recommend if you wish to enjoy the game in the long run. Never thought i'd ever not recomment this, but here we are."
,Not Recommended,454650,35484184,Posted: 4 October,all,Nemesis,"Great game killed by ignorant and lazy company. Instead of creating a system to ban cheaters, they implent a lazy automated anti cheat instead that kills single player mods. Good job. Way to go.Allow me to use my mods without fear of being banned by a bot, and I'll remove this negative review."
,Not Recommended,454650,35485050,Posted: 4 October,all,Valik,EAC is a keylogger that will record your every move you do on your pc
,Recommended,454650,26253185,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Roventh,"Immediately went ahead and started an offline battle against Krillin to see if things changed since the last game.Krillin died in an instant.It's still good old DBZ, I'm not disappointed.10/10"
,Recommended,454650,34825401,Posted: 8 September,all,Draco42,"It gives a good twist on a somewhat classic. The fighting mechanic is easy to learn, that being said once you find the style you like and can easily over power your foes, the game kind of becomes stale; however, the story alone is worth it for any db fans"
,Not Recommended,454650,26405422,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jkollgon,"I would hold back on this right now. Wait until the game price drops or the countless bugs and glitches get patched. It is a fun game, but at the price and condition that the game is in, nope. Please wait. Hell play the first Xenoverse, they are practically the same game."
,Recommended,454650,33316701,Posted: 6 July,all,N7Legion,"The game is heavily aimed to go to a fight against opponents, but with the grinding and different objectives (such as getting dragon balls, protect someone, etc.), it isn't getting too repetitive as I expected the game to be. And the grinding is somewhat ""fun"", as not every opponents are expected to be easy to deal with and get points to spend on attributes each time you level up.The only downside is the terrible voice acting."
,Not Recommended,454650,32800000,Posted: 25 June,all,Shiren the Siren,"Between this and the console version ive put about 150 hours into the game. However, ive had to take more breaks from this game then i have any other game ever.I simply can not recommend this game to anyone. XV1 had its issues but atleast it played well and the ai werent absoutley unchecked on both sides.Good:Game can be fun at times and you can feel like a real badass sometimes.The drop rates on everything was for the most part fixed.New transformations.multiple other small things that pretty much dont need mentioning.The bad:Attack drop rates are still abysmal.Everything takes some time to get caught up with.Major glitches everywhere that sometimes tend to fix themselves.The freakin awful:Theres only really one thing that needs to go in here and thats the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI. Where the ♥♥♥♥ do i begin. Friendly ai is utterly useless. Not only do they do reduced damage overall (like insanely low damage) but theyre extremely unaggressive and will literally sit there and get the♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked out of them especially the ais that you have to keep alive or fail the PQ. The enemy ai is where the true ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t begins. Ok, i understand 6 and 7 star pqs are supposed to be tricky, but when youre at 125 points in ki supers, have max bonus from gear for ki supers, and BBK still does literally a fraction of an enemies health bar, theres an issue. The enemy ai has so much damage resistance that there are certain missions that simply can not be done WITHOUT another player due to friendly ai having already reduced damage (i literally watched an enemy ai take a full burst kamehameha to the face and his health bar literally didnt move.) Not only that the enemy ai is extremely aggressive but they (which you will find out very quickly) do not play by the same rules. They regen stamina at twice the rate the players do, so playing the way the game is meant to be played (stam destruction) isnt really possible. At the same time they have attacks that you as the player can not perform. Oh got stam broken? Hope you have health capsules cause its gonna hurt.This right here is the reason i can NOT recommend this game. Strictly from the Ai being such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that the game becomes unfun and aggrivating to the point of rage inducing. Everything about this game is fun EXCEPT the AI. If they AI could be tuned to be better on friendly side and less insane on the enemy side this game would be in a perfect state."
,Recommended,454650,30953790,Posted: 4 April,all,Jason,"Everything Xenoverse 1 should have been.Updated graphics, revised and rehashed combat system, all the previous skills plus new ones, updated clothing system and more. Xenoverse 2 is a complete upgrade from the first game.Xenoverse 2 offers everything the first game has and more. If you don't have Xenoverse 1, I recommend skipping it and just going straight into this one. Think of it as the ""premium Xenoverse experience.""Xenoverse is a game in which you create your own unique character in the universe of Dragon Ball. You'll fight a lot of the original cast throughout the story, many side missions, and even in online multiplayer battles in which you can fight against other players' CaC(create a character). You'll level up, gain new attacks, and acquire lots of costumes, the latter of which you can choose to gain stats from. Every single quest from the first game is included in Xenoverse 2, while also adding onto that number with both quests offered in the base game plus many more from the several DLCs it offers.I'm going to keep this review simple and say that this is a must-have for Dragon Ball fans. If you've ever wanted to make your own Super Saiyan, Namekian, powerhouse Earthling, Majin Buu, or even Golden Frieza, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,454650,31874770,Posted: 20 May,all,GunnerDS (playing ssbm fk off),"This game is loads of fun, the game play mechanics are a bit different from Xenoverse 1. Once you start getting into PvP that is when the real fun begins, at least for me it did. It is a very fun competitive game, die hard fans will love it."
,Recommended,454650,30128947,Posted: 23 February,all,bonelessjones,Great dragonball game to add to the many its the typical beat em up story with its own extra twist following the first game recomend buying if you have the first it has new characters from super a great multiplayer open lobby and item stores not to mention loads of side quests and missons.
,Recommended,454650,26307505,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,JRL4427,"Some minor glitches, but has improved in graphics, story and combat.overall I Enjoy Xenoverse 2 so far."
,Not Recommended,454650,35481247,Posted: 4 October,all,NoCondomAllRaw69 🅱,"Just add an in-game report system, if you really want to keep a healthy meta-game and really let this game live until the DLC comes out, just leave us report actual cheaters and let peaceful modders who like to play with their friends alone.My in-game hours should show that I absolutely love this game as a dragon ball fan, it is a massive step up for modern dragon ball games and is one of the best 3D dragon ball games in terms of gameplay. However Bandai Namco has now disabled mods with a new ""anti-cheat"" which doesn't even stop how most players cheated originally. They would usually use real time editors and cheat engine and then go online. Instead of disabling use of these programs however, they disabled the ability for all mods to be used, and I used mods only in PvE with my friends, I never fought other online players using mods, which only added new characters and skills. Now the entire PC Community for this game is gonna die, which saddens me very much. They are also releasing a new expansion pack, which at the moment only has 2 characters and 1 mentor, and is not apart of the season pass. Bandai... fix this"
76561198049643248,Not Recommended,454650,35471366,Posted: 4 October,all,HarryPT,Update: To play mods OFFLINE move EasyAntiCheat_x64.dll to your desktopRIP Mods└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄▄▄▄└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄███████▄└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████████▄└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄███████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└████████████▄└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└█████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄████████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█Anti Cheat████████Bandai████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄████████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████████████████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████▄██▄└└└▄████████████└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄██████▄█▄▄└└└└███████████▄└└└└└└└└└└└└└█████████▄▄└└└└└███████████└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████████▄└└└└└└└└██████████└└└└└└└└└└└▄██████████▄└└└└└└└└██████████└└└└└└└└└└████████████▄└└└└└└└└▄████████└└└└└└└└└└▄██████└└████▄└└└└└└└└▄████████└└└└└└└└└└██████▄└└└└└└└└└└└└└└▄█████████└└└└└└└└└███████└└└└└▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄████████████└└└└└└└▄███████└└└└███████████████████████▄└└└└└███████▄└└└▄███████████████████▄█████└└└████████└└└└█████████████████████▄████└└▄███████▄└└▄███████████████████████████└└▄███████└▄█████████████████████████████└└████████▄██████████████████████████████└▄███████████████████████████████████████└▄███████████████████████████████████████└████████████████████████████████████████▄████████████████████████████████████████
76561198090899007,Not Recommended,454650,35481256,Posted: 4 October,all,JugsOfHolyness®,"I liked playing the game with mods.On October 3rd, 2017, Bandai Namco released an anticheat for the game that bans all mods.I  no longer like playing the game at all."
76561198012942891,Not Recommended,454650,35484463,Posted: 4 October,all,Lucrass Kelvac,"Bandai effectively screwed over the entire modding community which just so happens to be the vast majority of their PC community. I play this game offline, I always set the game to offline. Yet despite that, I am being prevented from playing with my mods. Which aren't even cheat mods, they are transformation hair mods. They just change my characters hair to a differnet style when in super saiyan... Which is something that should have already been implimented into the game from the start! I bought this game for the kool mods, I've spent countless hours making mods for my own personal use and literally just completed a mod recently that changes hair styles... Until this is rectified Bandai will no longer recieve ANY revenue from me. I am not asking them to remove anticheat, just change how it works. If it scans the files it should give you a different build number. In other words, unless your files are identical to the other players you are trying to connect to, it wont let you play with them. That would be a good fix. If nothing else, after it scans your files and detects alterations, it should set your game to offline mode. I would be completely fine with that too, becuase I only play offline! Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together bandai! You seem to have forgotten where you get your money from, you keep screwing over the customer and you can guarantee you will NEVER make a dime in this business again. Gamers are vicious to each other for fun, imagine how vicious they can be when you screw them over."
,Not Recommended,454650,35483415,Posted: 4 October,all,Rynowned,When the only things keeping this game alive is the modding community and the name recognition and Dimps/Bandai Namco kills the modding comunity.
,Not Recommended,454650,35467377,Posted: 4 October,all,S4G_VJIglesias,"The game was one of the best DB games ever made but now modding community is dead thanks to the new anti-cheat system... Thank you for ♥♥♥♥ing the game like other companies did before with their own games. Was a really good game but now if I can't play with my character, powers and cosmetic mods... I'm out."
,Not Recommended,454650,35484848,Posted: 4 October,all,Rinku1037,"I wholeheartedly love playing this game, the gameplay is unique and lots of fun. One of the best games in my library.I hope they reenable the mods and if they do, the game will get the positive review it deserves."
76561198043746491,Not Recommended,454650,35490533,Posted: 5 October,all,Shadow,"Thanks for the anti-cheat virus you have an installed on my pc without my knowledge. I was installing mods and then I found a folder labeled as ""anti-cheat"". My reaction was to delete this unkown file from my pc especially because it could potentially be instrusive. Make no mistake, if I don't want your crap on my pc, I will remove it period. I play all of my games offline for my own reasons. I never go online! So now I am being punished for having mods that make this meh copy and paste game better? ♥♥♥♥ you Bandai/Dimps! I can't even play the game anymore. So now I have uninstalled the game for now. If you never fix this problem, then I will not purchase any more of your products until you fix your ♥♥♥♥ up. Thanks Bandai/Dimps for the most anti-consumer method of kicking cheaters from your game. This game is dead without mods you lazy ♥♥♥♥s. Half this game is from Xenoverse 1. Again, and I cannot express this enough, ♥♥♥♥ you Bandai/Dimps. On the bright side though, you pushed me into playing other games and will now go to your competitors for entertainment. Thanks for the final kick in the♥♥♥♥♥Bandai/Dimps!"
,Recommended,454650,29750752,Posted: 6 February,all,Contrix13,"big improvement over the first game, super saiyan 3, upgrades for all races... very well made, second wave of content is exciting, story mode is a little short however."
,Not Recommended,454650,35485008,Posted: 4 October,all,Lord Spam Bot,"Was good game.Past tense.However, a year after release and devs have fixed none of the issues, and have only made the game worse with the recent patch adding EasyAntiCheat into the game.Not only have they not prevented anyone from cheating (as anyone who does so is using Cheat Engine, which EAC does not prevent), it bogs down the game with unneccessary security measures, which, again, do not catch any cheaters.As well, they have not fixed any of the issues that pester online content. Expert Missions will routinely bug out and become unbeatable when playing online, and are extremely difficult to solo/do with AI because the AI are dumb.Raids are horribly imbalanced. Almost always require a healer specced player because their solution to ""players doing more damage than we want to the boss"" is ""instantly wipe anyone without an invulnerability skill slotted"". However, healer specs do not earn any points in raids, so nobody does it. Raids are also subject to the same netcode related issues that Expert missions are, as well as any form of PVP.In a year they have pushed out four major packs of DLC and yet have fixed none of these incredibly fundamental issues preventing the game from being enjoyable. The AntiCheat should've also been in the game before release, not a year after everyone stopped playing.Don't buy this if you want to play with friends, you probably won't be able to.Don't buy this if you plan on playing with pugs either, because you still probably won't be able to. Both because the playerbase is down to 20% of what it used to be, and because of those aforementioned netcode issues.Get rid of EasyAntiCheat, fix your glaring netcode issues, and this won't be a negative review anymore."
,Not Recommended,454650,35476638,Posted: 4 October,all,Zamaku,By the removal of mods online I can not recommend this game anymore
76561197980135209,Not Recommended,454650,35479210,Posted: 4 October,all,XJudgeDreddX,Well so much for the mods people would use for single player mode only now.
,Recommended,454650,28174298,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Jahsier,Seems easier and more fun than the previous. I still want the doesn't cause stagger to exist unless I haven't obtained it yet.All characters seem to not suck which is a good thing. It could lag but it's still great game and I want more.
,Recommended,454650,29036872,Posted: 5 January,all,SAM,Its a great game....if you are a fighting lover beat em up type lover person I strongly recommend this game......But yeah like everyone says online sucks....because of the lag and the connection errors.....If u get a good connection then u r  gonna have fun...but if poor connection forget about it. I have lost quite  a number matches aginst some noobs just because of this lag and errors.....But the single player rocks. The fighting style mechanics and style...combos are really amazing. So I recommend this game even though it has some drawbacks specially if you are a dbz lover
76561198122307927,Recommended,454650,29265651,Posted: 14 January,all,ΩFusion_Oasis11Ω,Dragon Ball Z xenoverse 2 is a pretty good game with a alright story and good missions but the glitches that this game has can mess you over. LIke in the expert missions if the enemy fires a large ki blast out of bounds you have to wait for it to hit the ground and take damage. If this happens theres a high change your whole team will be ko'd.
,Recommended,454650,26307626,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Izanagi,"Well, its basically the same Xenoverse, but with a little extras.Really good."
,Recommended,454650,30112660,Posted: 22 February,all,Xer0,"Plot: 7/10While the idea of traveling through time to battle in tons of memorable DBZ fights is good and all, the plot is a bit on the sore side. But in comparison to Xenoverse 1, the story has much improved. In Xenoverse 2's story, your time patroller goes back in DB history to fix holes in the space-time continuum, yada yada yada. But the story has some new features that make it great. There's the feeling of sadness with Trunks having to let Gohan die in order to save history, and a new Xenoverse 1 tranfer mechanic I'll get to later. Overall, not that great, but better than I really inticipated.Gameplay: 9/10If you've ever seen YouTube videos of Xenoverse 2, you'd think it's as copy-paste as Dr. Mario in Smash 4. Just beating on the same easy enemies over and over and then using some sort of beam attack after a combo, AKA just mashing left click then hitting F+M2. But there's much more than that. You can change your moveset to your liking, and be one of 3 players; The Ki blaster, who just keeps button mashing until they have their enemies in a combo and then shoots a Final Flash, the Has-Actually-Played-This-Game-Before, who is good at chaining stamina breaks and infinite Meteor Crashes, and then there's the troll player, who tests your paitence and frustration with Dancing Parapara and Body Change. Either way though, the PvP, game mechanics, and dificulty are very easy to cope with, even with palyers who never played the open beta or Xenoverse 1Music: 8/10While some themes are unnoticable stage themes, the character specific themes are so good. From the battle opera of Broly, Towa, and Beerus' themes, to the near-dubstep of Metal Cooler's theme, the music is very upbeat and tense, with a very nice ""Cha La Head Cha La"" remix for the credits theme. And if you're tired of stressful and adrenaline-filled themes, just head on over to Capsule Corparation and lie back in your IKEA chair, almost falling asleep to the soothing melody.Non-story content: 10/10Xenoverse 2 offers so much post-game. From the fun and diverse Parallel Quests, to the enraging but enjoyable Expert Missions, Xenoverse 2 does not leave you to do nothing but PvP after the credits roll. Alot more of the post-game fun I will mention just a bit later.DLC/Microtransactions: 7/10The DLC in Xenoverse 2 is pretty cool, at least, from what we have. There's planning to be much more soon, but for now, the only thing keeping this from a perfect 10 is the lack of current DLC. Who knows, maybe I'll update this review when that comes out, but for now, it's a 7.Misc: 10/10Alright, here's where I mention... Pretty much everything else. First, the mentor system, which for those uninitiated ones, is where memorable Dragon Ball characters train you and teach you their iconic skills. Then, there is what may just be the greatest feature of Xenoverse 2, and that's the leftovers from Xenoverse 1. Not only does almost every item and skill from your Xenoverse 1 character get transfered to your Xenoverse 2 inverntory, but your Xenoverse 1 avatar gets their own holographic statue in the center of Conton City. What's even better is that your transfered character from Xenoverse 1 plays a large role in the Xenoverse 2 story. They will make an appearance multiple times, and near the end of the story mode, you even get to fight your predecessor, which reminded me of battling Red in Pokemon Gold and Silver.Overall: 10/10Though the camera is atrocious and the AI is quite a bother, this was my GOTY in 2016, and why it wasn't on any top 10 lists of 2016 is a mystery not even Sherlock Holmes can solve. Amazing soundtrack, surprisingly decent story, and a great amount of small details that just keep you coming back for more. I love this game through and through, and I can't wait for more content to be released."
,Recommended,454650,28306711,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Crash #TSTJ,"I really like this game. I found crashing issues to be few and far between so don't let that put you off trying it.If you're at all a fan of Dragon Ball you'll have a blast, especially when playing with friends. I've unlocked all achievements and put over 120 hours into the game and I'm still playing. There's so much to do and so much customisation so I won't be stopping anytime soon!"
,Recommended,454650,30252990,Posted: 28 February,all,Renegade Rising,"As a player of the previous game, I can say for certainty that this game truly is the next step up in the series. Not only does it increase the pase of the fights, make the graphics look fantastic, and create a truly compelling story, it really makes you feel like the character really is yours. You get access to a host of new clothes, some of which I think they got inspiration from mods. If you're anything like me and was annoyed that the first game didn't have more casual gear, then your prayers have been answered. It's not just the outfits that allow customization. New voices, hair styles, facial features, and super souls (which can change the type of ki blast that you use) really get you into the game. Not to mention at least 100 new skills, some of which we've really needed. Strike skills can finally be used efficiently in droves, and each race has their own transformations. Said moves and transformations have many different effects added to them, or different means of triggering them. For example: Meteor Burst (Turles' Ultimate) is a heavy damage move that has the potential to negate other ults, but takes awhile to fire. Thankfully, it's become easier to break stamina to fire these shots. Some moves aren't exactly that great, like consecutive energy shot. Others are fantastic, such as Dragon Fist (that's right, it's here!). These moves give us a variety of new playstyles that will keep us looking for one that really fits your play style. Did I mention they added 45 new parallel quests and altered a large number of the previous ones, or that all of the previous DLC content comes with the raw version of the game?Fair warning though, the graphics requirements are a little more intense. Just turn down your graphics settings and it should help tremendously,Words can't describe how much of an improvement this game is. If you have any more questions, feel free to pm me.  I highly recommend this game to any Dragon Ball fan, and hope to see you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,454650,28808249,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Davonavik,"I am overall quite surprised at how much I enjoyed this game as normally I don’t play fitting games nor do I play them for very long, but this one I think I will play quite a lot more of."
,Recommended,454650,26465298,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Master Xen,Love this game. Much better then the first installment. It is the most immersive Dragon Ball game to date.Sadly with the release o this game came a great deal of issues that stil have not been adressed. The game is a bit buggy sometimes. If you can make it passed the bugs and glitches then you will be in for a real treat.Score: 8/10 (10/10 if they fixed the bugs.)Edit: As of November Update I am still having issues......
,Not Recommended,454650,26395143,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,powpowitsme,"I'm going to try and be as concise as possible.DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 is the direct sequel to DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE.The XENOVERSE series is very similar to another very popular DRAGON BALL Game Series, being Budokai Tenkaichi.The game tries to build on what XENOVERSE had, but has glaring issues.This review is going to focus on the bad parts of XENOVERSE 2, and not the good parts, as there are already countless reviews of the game online that show everything else.1. DLCThe DLCs in XV2 are not only overpriced for their content, but some are even unbalanced.Take DLC pack 1, which adds Cabbe and Frost, from DRAGON BALL Super... These characters are terrible.Some of their ultimates don't hit, and even when stamina broken, it is difficult to land said moves.The characters are also overall weak, causing there to be next to no reason to buy DLC pack 1.Included in the DLC packs are some parallel quests, which are simply too difficult to be fun.2. CommunitySimply put, DIMPS and Bandai Namco do not listen to the community.There is currently a major uproar from the community on the tails not being animated, and yet,the Developers do nothing.Players have also requested Potara earrings, which we also haven't gotten.The communication between the community and the devs is a huge problem and needs fixing.3. OnlineThe online in the PC port of XV2 is horrendous, but is better than it was at release.The first problem is modding. With the recent Anticheat update, the game is currently impossible to play with mods online without being banned.The second problem being that the actual online connection is terrible. XV2's netcode is akin to DARK SOULS III, which has some of the worst online in my opinion.Listen, I love DRAGON BALL and I think XV2 is a good game, but with the state it's in now I simply can't reccomend it.Please, DIMPS. Fix your game for the better."
76561198188538793,Not Recommended,454650,35504209,Posted: 5 October,all,Zoey Cadenza,"As someone who works in the industry of game creation, I am truly disappointed by the pathetic lengths Dimps and all other involved parties are going to in order to upset fans and guarantee that this game is never picked up or played again. The solution to this problem was so simple: Implement a system to prevent players with mods from entering tournaments or ranked matches. That was literally it. Take the exact thing that you did, but use it to prevent entry from online events rather than entry from the game as a whole. I'll be honest: While I don't typically play with or use mods of any kind, this absolutely absurd disconnect between developers and the community has led me to believe that this game should be dropped. Period. Don't purchase the DLC, don't keep supporting the game's continuation, because doing so would be rewarding childish and reprehensible behavior. Simply take your money, take your attention, and move on to another game. Looking for a Dragon Ball game? Try picking up FighterZ when it comes out, it looks promising enough. Or maybe try some of the older games; The Budokai series still holds up nicely, even today. Anything but this game, because supporting the continuation of this failure is doing a disservice to ourselves. Think of it this way: Even if you don’t care about the mod removal, or are happy about removal, know that a very significant portion of the community was up in arms against it, even before it went into effect. No matter where you fall on this mod issue, it can’t be ignored that the people behind this decision do not have your best interests at heart, and are not deserving of even more money for a game they don’t care enough about to hear outside input."
,Not Recommended,454650,35501275,Posted: 5 October,all,{RECON}Bunny_[QS],"This game was great at one point. There were great mods out there such as Gokus clothes for Pan or Evil Goku maybe even a Super Android 18 costume. But now thanks to this BS EAC BAMCO has introduced this game is dead to me. You have single handedly killed the entire modding community. I loved adding in things you guys couldn't like a properly animated Saiyan tail accessory or maybe even changing my aura color to LSS or Purple.But no you guys did this. Your game is dead now, I can guarantee if you do this BS for XV3 no one is going to buy it. This was a very poor move."
76561198136829127,Not Recommended,454650,35501528,Posted: 5 October,all,Primm.,".....Just got into modding this game, Since many many things need obvious fixes or could be made with a little bit more love ( a tail that is stuck on like a power pole is up your *** or a actual moving tail made by the modders..) and wha...The one! one! mod i added as a test is causing my game not to work ?They wont let me play because I have a animated tail! Because of the new anti cheat system blocks out mods online ?I'll just remove the anticheatx64 and continue to play, alone.Shame, the game seems so plain without people, I doubt ill manage to even rake up 50hrs on this game."
,Not Recommended,454650,35495625,Posted: 5 October,all,Kennungsera117,This game was my favorite game but why are mods now banned i mean okay it had online cheaters but i play only offline for fun with mods and this patch has kill the game. Pls make that we can use mods offline because it has allot of normall people  who use mods only offline.
76561198026367539,Not Recommended,454650,35480957,Posted: 4 October,all,Hexagoros,So basically the latest patch made most mods (even fully singleplayer mods) completely unusable.  Very lazy implementation of an anti-cheat system....which still has even fixed the problem of cheaters.So basically they punished mod users to get rid of cheaters...but didn't get rid of the cheaters...
,Not Recommended,454650,35483100,Posted: 4 October,all,U.S. Drone Strike,"I love this game so much. The story is good, the progression is really well done, and the accuracy to the lore is amazing. However, I like mods, so I am giving this game a negative review. If you guys fix this modding problem, I will make it postive."
76561198047802527,Not Recommended,454650,35481760,Posted: 4 October,all,Kain,Got this game for the mods its ok without them great with them till they fix it dont touch this game
,Not Recommended,454650,35485083,Posted: 4 October,all,LanePlain,"Look, I LOVED this game, but now... not so much. It was fun, a lot of, after hearing so much about it, I wanted to play it so bad. When I got it, I loved, it had its problems, and it didn't help DIMPS was lazy when making it. So I beat the story, and did everything I could. So what was left? Online, hell no, that was dead as ♥♥♥♥, nobody played it, and when you did most ppl had boosters and 5+ All QQ Bangs. But you know what was left? Mods, and those are the only reason to play this game on PC anymore. And I was told that the hackers would be gone and that the online would come back. I was told that mods would be safe. But nope, it's not the same, I used have fun times with my buddies, but now, I can't. Mods were the only way I would play this game anymore, and yes I can use mods offline, but it's no longer the same. I can only hope that this is DIMPS' fault, and I could blame them, but it doesn't look that way... Hell, I could get XV1 and still have more fun then this game any more. You know you've made a good game bad when someone would play Sonic 4 EP1 over this♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198089595719,Not Recommended,454650,35498499,Posted: 5 October,all,Soul of Lords,"I want to start off by saying, I love this game. This is probably the best Dragon Ball game since Budokai 3, in my honest opinion. I loved what DIMPS did for Dragon Ball and I always believed their games did the franchise justice. However, now that DIMPS has turned their backs on me, and fellow honest modders, I must say they have made a very poor decision. The majority of modders only ever created content that DIMPS couldn't add or chose not to add to Xenoverse 2. We the modders are not at fault, and thus we shouldn't be punished like this. The real cheaters still plague this game with their All 5 QQ Bangs and abusing the stat system. Now, even offline modders cannot add characters to the disappointingly low roster, and our CaC's will not get the spotlight that is their's. Not only about the mods, but this game has had flaws from the very beginning. Xenoverse is all about our custom characters. It isn't about Goku or Vegeta, it's about us. DIMPS, we the honest modding community urge you to reconsider your poor decision."
76561198074978649,Not Recommended,454650,35507343,Posted: 5 October,all,The Supreme Sandvich,"YOU DONE ♥♥♥♥ED IT UP BANDAI!!!!!  You have to be a special kind of STUPID to not learn from the Take-Two/Rockstar's GTA V Mod removal fiasco that happened a few months back. (Which was basically the same reason as this) AND DO THE EXACT SAME THING THEY DID!!!!!I PAYED 50 BUCKS JUST TO PLAY WITH MODS. And you know what? It was a helluva lot of fun. I loved the game in that state but then came Bandai and Dimps messing it up with the ""Anti-cheat system"" Which by the way it DIDN'T STOP CHEATERS! (Starting to sound familiar?) This is basically the Take-two/Rockstar mod removal fiasco 2.0 only that this time it's Bandai/Dimps. I don't understand how 2 companies could fall this low AND LOSE THEIR FANS' TRUST in just a span of 2 months.If you don't remove this Damned system or find a workaround so that players with mods can play I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!♥♥♥♥ YOU BANDAI AND ♥♥♥♥ YOU DIMPS. JUST YOU WAIT. THE INTERNET AND THE BAD REVIEWS WILL EAT YOU ALIVE. ALSO DON'T THINK THAT IF YOU REMOVE THIS WE'LL JUST FORGET. Not only did you shoot yourself in the foot but you also killed my hype for Fighterz. Companies that make decisions like this disgust me."
76561198037312064,Not Recommended,454650,35486340,Posted: 4 October,all,deadmanwalkin,played the game made a cool character spent lots of hours playing then they rolled out anti cheat and bricked the game needless to say i'm not happy not at all
,Not Recommended,454650,35475718,Posted: 4 October,all,xiammes,"I wish there was a neutral rating, but I am going to go with a negative rating over positive. First thing I want to say is that this is a perfectly fine and functional game, its a great dragon ball game if your into a sorta of mmo styled game with a version of the budokai tenkaichi gameplay. There is a lot to sink your teeth into and play for hundreds of hours. If that is all you want, I can't recommend it enough.As of the latest patch they cracked down on cheating, which was a big issue for playing online. However the way its been handled has been laughable. I am a avid user of mods, I eventually got tired of the XV2 base game and expanded my roster. The anti-cheat completely blocks this, however there is a very easy work around, literally just move a .dll file. The only downside for modders is that you can no longer play online, this isn't a huge change if you never cared about playing online like myself, but I will miss the active lobby.This would be a mostly positive move, people who play online stop dealing with cheaters and people who play with mods can still do so offline. However the anti-cheat doesn't work on trainers or cheat engine, or on save edited saves. I would think this was just a attack on mods if it wasn't so easy to play in offline mode, which makes me think that dimps is just grossly incompetent. This is just a lateral move, a move that did nothing for people who modded the game and nothing for people who just want to play online, its causing a divide in those communities that didn't exist before.I'll change this review to a positive if they manage to effectively crack down on online cheaters or undo the anti-cheat."
,Not Recommended,454650,35476065,Posted: 4 October,all,Jmthebigman,No more Caulifla and Kale mod and other custom stuff that aint cheats...Yet with EasyAntiCheat you know you wont stop the real cheaters....
,Not Recommended,454650,35473409,Posted: 4 October,all,PokemonGod,"The ""Anti-Cheat"" system makes the game impossible to mod for any reason, even if you only play singleplayer and want to play as silly characters such as Bugs Bunny, Kermit the Frog and Pepsiman.Buy a game that supports modding instead of wasting your time here"
76561198063958640,Not Recommended,454650,35476631,Posted: 4 October,all,BlackLatios562,"Prior to the most recent 'Update', I would have recommended this game to any DBZ fan.  NOW However?  I would tell people to not waste their money because this 'Update' has the chance to randomly, and COMPLETELY, lock you out of the Game for NO REASON.  This 'Update' is to block modders, but the program used has the chance to block Non-Modders from playing at all.  This means someone can buy the Game fresh, try to launch it, and then themselve unable to play the game they bought...  This is TERRIBLE...  The Game itself, prior to this 'Update' was great and I never ran into problems, except lag, but that may be because I just didn't play Online...  Now however, I probably/definitely won't play at ALL...  This makes me incredibly sad.To think I spent nearly a YEAR looking forward to this Game's release and THIS is how it alll ends up..."
,Recommended,454650,26273617,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,語 Sigma,Best game of 2016 if you are a dragon ball fan.
,Recommended,454650,26624737,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kenny McCormick,"I really like this game, but it seems more like an expansion pack more than anything, with there only being a few new stories and stages etc.... BUT the main issue I have is the Supreme Kai of Time's training quest (in the begining) NONE of the combos want to hit, and it's really irritating"
76561198337819362,Recommended,454650,33439624,Posted: 10 July,all,umer7farooq,The game is amazing but watch out for the hackers when playing online.
,Recommended,454650,30878008,Posted: 1 April,all,john scarce,"Just got this from the anime sale, and I don't regret using 26 pounds. The game has amazing controls, a great storyline, decent mouse sensitivity, etc. I highly recommend this game to any type of DB fan.Though I do have to give criticism aswell. The game isn't exactly full of them, but there IS a handful of glitches. I was fighting ##### and ##### (censoring so I don't accidentally spoil), and I did a combo on #####. He literally fell through the ground and was glitched outside the map, so I had to reset to fix it.The game has loads of great things but there's its fair share of glitches.The post-game has an array of things to do, including fighting other players and NPCs, simply adventuring, etc. You can also create another character and redo the storyline.You can mod the game to add NPCs, skills, items, etc.I'll rate it 9/10 as the glitches don't really affect the game if you know how to fix them (merely resetting)"
76561198214428020,Not Recommended,454650,26407369,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SSJuk3,"This is easily a thumbs down, its buggy, half the time the moves dont work, and the achieves are bugged along with a BORING way of doing the story just leaves no room for fun to be had here. PASS!"
,Not Recommended,454650,26515569,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MiCrOz #p!Nk,"Had to request a refund for this game. Spent about 30 minutes creating a character, and going through the initial cutscenes, only to have the game repeatedly crash on the start of gameplay. i5 Ivy-Bridge with GTX670, not the most up to date system, but should be able to run this game without crashing.My recommendation: Judging by other reviews, this game is still quite buggy. Don't waste your money until they (hopefully) sort out all the issues."
,Recommended,454650,26630618,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Zeo,"This game is awesome in terms of both content and technical improvements over X1. However, many people will hate on this game and tell you it's just a cardboard copy of X1 with improvements... don't let this put you off, this is mostly coming from people who like to complain for the sake of complaining.I've played this game for many hours both on PS4 and PC/Steam. The game is endlessly entertaining and the PvP value is especially fun thanks to the new mechanics and hit box fixes. I would however say that PvP on PS4 is more enjoyable than PC, for numberous reasons, but mainly that the PC version of the game has really bad support.Now on to the bad support issues:-Servers are bad, you will disconnect from the server multiple times in one day - guaranteed. And nothing has been done about it.-PC version does not get patches at the same time as PS4. A lot of bugs and glitches already fixed on PS4 still exist on PC.-Events - so far, all PC raids have been buggy and the latest one gave us zero rewards and we still haven't been told why.-Hackers/modders - PC version has hacked QQ Bang users and endless stat users. Endless stat users get d/c'd from PvP, which is great, but the QQ Bang users can PvP and honestly it ruins the game in that aspect. Again, still nothing done about that.Would I recommend this game? definitely, and especially to fans of the series in general. This game, in my opinion, is the first DB game to have a real sense and feel of the DB world. All of the new mechanics make you feel like you are in the DB universe yourself and can utilize things that never before have been used in a game properly, such as teleporting for mobility without using stamina, real time dodging and so on.All in all, if you want a DB game that pretty much only ends when you choose to stop playing, with fun and at times challenging content and mechanics that really drag you into the DB universe, then.. get Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.Totally worth it~"
76561198135115907,Not Recommended,454650,29452902,Posted: 23 January,all,MrCrustxNasty,frequent crashing is now present in the game :( so for now i don't recomend
,Recommended,454650,26692601,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Frozedy,"I am a Dragon Ball Z fan, and I looked at all the episodes ... So then I asked myself why would not tried to play some Dragon Ball games? Well my first game when I played the '' Dragon Ball collection '' was Xenoverse 1 on the PS4 and the game was amazing ... When I saw the trailer of Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 I immediately preordered this game on Steam for PC but this I do not play the game with mouse and keyboard because I play with the Xbox One controller.Okay let's start with the details of the game:I finished my story when I was level 59 and had 22 hours to DBXV2, for me it was quick because I have all the free time to play this game. Now I'm level 80, therefore, the max level, I've done all the Quest I have to do only 5questsin I reversed the whole game (Btw I'm Saiyan). Well now I've done it 2 character is a Boo and the other is Namekian still recommend Saiyana.Story fashion is otherwise similar Xenoverse 1 They changed fight combat, graphic. I recommend the game but prematurely ending all ... I hope they will do in xenoverse 3 different Story Mode and more long story mode and max level 100th8/10 ~ Tigy"
76561198081597573,Recommended,454650,26340931,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Philzoid,Would rather watch episodes of DBS made with this games engine.
,Recommended,454650,26276592,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hella Friend,"brilliant. the devs really listened to fan feedback about the first one, this one is better in every way. more refined mechanics, bigger character roster, smoother combat, nicer graphics... you get the idea"
76561198170103623,Recommended,454650,30484374,Posted: 12 March,all,MarkdaMarksman,"This game is great. It has its issues, but it's brimming with content. Before I say anything else however, I will mention I only ever watched the first one, which might have added to the experience as there is a lot of similar content. Of course, this game is based off the anime, mixed with the movies, and isn't much storywise rather than a time traveling, dragon ball fever  dream. It's gameplay is where it shines. It's a fighter that uses basic combos, special attacks, and super special attacks along with cosmetic gear that affects your stats. The combos on the basics aren't very varied, it's mostly just press one button 4 times, then another button, adding in teleporting in between. The real variety is with the two polarities of special attacks. The weaker form is where you will be testing most, that is, if you get the move from somewhere besides training, most of which are staple moves from certain characters. Besides that you have big bad attacks etc. If you've watched most of every dragon ball, you know what situations you'll be in and all that jazz. I would recommend you pick up this game if you're a fan of dragon ball. (There's also multiplayer, but it's basic). I forgot to click the button so I'll go ahead and say this was gifted to me. Another note is that I didn't mention the glitches. I've heard there's plenty of game breaking ones but the one I've run into has run me off at this point in time when I'm typing this seperate from the rest of the review above. It involves the expert mission tutorials, specifically the first one, of which has halted progression on 3 of my characters. The one plagueing me made it to where I couldn't interact with a giant ki blast and when I finally completed the turorial by shooting it, it didn't let me move on to the next tutorial. If you run by my review and happen to know a fix, please message me or invite me to a discussion so I can learn."
,Recommended,454650,26282534,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SSJ KiDo,"This game is just so satisfying for Dragon Ball fans, the fighting mechanism is so awesome and only those who couldn't master it are complaining, you get to do more and more various combos, stamina breaker, vanishing, it's just perfect for combats!!!Yes it does have few bugs, but name ONE game that doesn't have bugs at launch! they already announced that the first patch will fix almost all the known bugs so stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it.The game will get support for 1 year so stop writing negative reviews only saying that it's getting 6 months, IT IS 1 YEAR!If you can't master the game, join the academy, and if you can't do it even after, then maybe you're just not up to the challenge.Pros:The whole gameCons:Saiyaman (Gohan) voice, it's annoying af.11/10 best DBZ game so far."
,Recommended,454650,28175812,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,✅PreX' Arez,"This Game Is Good, Dead, And Good I Guess.The Game Is Dead ThoughAlso In The NewsIt's GoodThis Game Is Filled With Drama That Isn't Needed. Some People I Know Are Involved WIth It All, Honestly Most If Not All Of My XV2 Pals Are In This Stuff Too.I'm Not Really A Fan Of Some Of The Harsh People, (you know who i'm talking about)Wicked: Some Dude Who Can Be A Little Harsh And Does Alot Of Stuff I Hate, So Stay On His Good Side And Don't Share Your Opinions On Him.Steve Man Jones: vewy vewy mean dood.Emeralde: Kinda Became One Of My Best Pals, Canadian (nice lol), And Defends Himself And His Friends Like A Good Guy Should.Alavin Or Alavan? idk And Kyle Hambling: I Don't Really Know Them Besides The Fact That They Do Shady Stuff.Belle: Neat Person And Good Fighter.Son-Rock And Gun1t: There Play Style Is Something I Hate Just Like Wicked And Steve Mans. But There Personalies Are Truely Nice.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You Are Going To Run Into Cheaters No Doubt.Most Videos On ""Cheaters"" Might Not Be Telling The Truth Based on Who Uploaded Them.Have Fun And Meet People On This Thing, If You Wanna Play I Might Be Up For It But As Of Whenever Da Faq I'm Making This It's A Little Dead For Me.Razer And Necro: Great People I Feel As If I Can Always Talk Too.:vegeta:"
,Recommended,454650,26328593,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Escrypha,"Before reading this, please be warned. It's a complaint/rant fest. Sorry for the stick show.I'd prefer it if certain things were still shared between characters, like Master Grades and completion. What is the point of redoing them when I've already mastered them? For instance, I have all of Krillin's skills. Why should I have to complete it on another character? I'd rather level up repeatedly through defending the Dragon Balls.More so, I think it would be better if the factions were shared between characters. I mean, all I really did on my Buu character was level up, buy food on my main, then feed Majin Buu until he was so pregnant, my siblings popped out. This allowed me to grab the transformation so easily. What's the point of separating them when I can do that so easily? It's just grind, grind, & grind. Oh, wait. This is an RPG. That negates everything I just said. xDWe're supposed to be all about that grind. It's still a shame, though. I would love to have been able to practice my laziness. I don't want to have to keep repeating stuff. ;cNevertheless, the game is stylish and excellent. It may not be all that polished, but we have been promised a year and a half of support, so I think I can believe that this is going uphill from here. Some of the bugs like the frequent crashes are known and are hopefully being handled. With that said, I must still recommend this game. Just like Conton City's space, there's huge room for improvement, but I think we're headed there. It's a fun game to play, and it doesn't force PvP down my throat. For that, I love it. Please, though, please fix the AI. I'd love to see ""standing"" actually be idle in practice mode. It's a good start, though. Practice Mode is still appreciated. Thanks, and I hope to see only improvement from here! =DEdited: I just double-checked. It appears I can still go Super Saiyan on a newly created character, so I removed that complaint/nitpick. My mistake.Edited Again: An attempt at anti-cheat has been implemented. It doesnottake screenshots during game-play. The third-party company's privacy page explains that. It will not make attempts to invade privacy (at the very least, it won't send information that is personally identifying), and evidently, mods can still be used offline by removing the EasyAntiCheat64 from the EasyAntiCheat folder. They're going the GTA V route, but they aren't harming modders who play offline. Good luck, everyone, and hopefully, the online environment remains cheat-free.""We guarantee you that we do not get involved with screenshots, keylogging, or scanning your hard disk. We are not interested in anything that is personal to you as an individual.""https://support.easyanticheat.net/kb/privacy/?lr=en-us"
,Not Recommended,454650,35503696,Posted: 5 October,all,Eye of Newt,"Would I recommend this game? No. Not for PC that is. If you play, or want to play I would recommend getting it for console if you can. There are no mods for PC because of the most recent patch, introducing their anti-cheat. Funny thing is, it doesn't even work. All it did was screw over mods and the content creators in the community. They also now monitor your keystrokes on PC. This patch just allows them to gather data on players, and doesn't stop a damned thing. On console, they do not monitor your stuff and you didn't have mods in the first place.TL;DR Until they bring back mods and stop taking user data, DO NOT PURCHASE ON PC"
,Not Recommended,454650,35501529,Posted: 5 October,all,riley,"Sorry guys, but with the new anti cheat/mod patch, this game is done. I played it for maybe 10 hours before mods came in, then with all the new mod-made content, playtime instantly shot up and I was playing this for hours on end. Now that the patch forces players to use the ever lacking vanilla content, its just not very fun. Maybe if the anti cheat made it so modded copies only worked offline it would be a huge success but to see how the devs are purposely coming short with the content so they can put them in paid dlc and remake the same game over and over again by adding bits and pieces of additional content it just makes this extremely lame, and honestly I was okay with it because how literally playable and original the mods made this game. Now I'm wondering what was the point in taking the game back to the vanilla version so long after the release?"
76561198144023307,Not Recommended,454650,35481265,Posted: 4 October,all,GrandMasterSuperSonic2001,i am super scared to even play this game until we all solo players get are fun and freedom for the modders i will not give a ♥♥♥♥ until we have freedom and fun in single player only and modding to me is art so give us are freedom and fun 0 out 10 and 0 out 5 stars.
76561198312311308,Not Recommended,454650,35480094,Posted: 4 October,all,MidNight,"I like this game. I really do. I've completed the story around 5 separate times and I own all of the DLC. But today's patch gave me an unsuppressible hatred for the Devs business practices and community interaction. Why did anybody at Bandai/Dimps decide it was a good idea to crush a huge part of the game's fanbase and basically kill the retail value? Why isn't modding allowed offline? If people are going to make content for your ♥♥♥♥ing game (that, lets be honest, is quite often better than the vanilla game) for nothing more than a passion for the community, then maybe destroying their entire hobby and isolating them from the rest of the community. I've seen this happen not so long ago with rockstar/take 2 in GTA V, and I hope that for once the out of touch devs will actually hear the community. The second this modding restriction is undone, then it will be a thumbs up for me for an otherwise entertaining grindfest."
76561198159618111,Not Recommended,454650,35473370,Posted: 4 October,all,Halotroop0,How could you do this to us?! I just wanted my saiyans to look badass and now I can't even play the damn game.
,Recommended,454650,26353935,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BlackStarHH,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2Well in this review I will be talking about:- What I like about this game- What I dislike about this game- Dragon Ball Xenoverse vs Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2- Should I buy this game?What I like about this gameDragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is a fighting game with ALOT of content to it. For players you will have the story quest, small side quest, small minigames(fx. deliver milk), Huge freeroam lobby with good transportation possability, ALOT of emotes to play around with in the lobby, TONS of PQ to play and farm, special missions, Expert quests for up to 6 players at the same time, and for what I know an upcomming raid quests again for 6 players but the enemy will have a TON of hp.If you got alot of spare time you could find all the secrets to the game and do those or mainly Z rank everything.Some parts of the game can feel like a huge grind unless your RLY lucky to get everthing on the first try.I reached max level - 80 before I even finished my main quest, if you are only doing main quest this will not be the same for you. I did alot more then just the main quest since I did not want my town to be filled with quest in the end so I cleaned up in town bit by bit.The combat in the game is complex with alot of possible ways of playing where the melee combat has some tricky and hard combos to it. Can you master every single combo and move in the game then you will end up getting unbeatable almost.There might be more to it that I did not mention of the good stuff but those are the top spotlights I could remember right now. expect if it aint on the dislike list I probably find it good.What I dislike about this gameThere is some big bugs in the game as I write this review. But the game just got released I am sure they will fix it, and its almost to be expected in new games now and days. Here is a list of bugs I have ran into.- Making a wish with the dragon balls makes me crash everytime at least it's saving right before the crash- When scrolling trough ALL PQ the game will crash - Easy fix until dev fixes it.. simple just pick difficultys instead of all and it wont crash.- Expert missionsThe boss dissapeares - If one of your players are outside the playing field try and fly HIGH in the air that made him respawn for us so we could finish it.The boss shoots the ki blast into the wall - well this one is annoying and will make you wipe only way of dealing with this is to try to keep the boss in the middle as good as you can.- Lost connection to the server and kicks the party - Everyone should restart their client and that fixed it for us. most likely a desync problem.- Fullscreen tab dc - run borderless or dont tab out while in a game as fullscreen since its making you out of sync and kicks you, Your game will either freeze or pause for you when tabbed out but not for everyone else thats why you get kicked and if your the host you will kick all.- Falling trough the ground in the lobby - I dont know why this happens but happend once for me when I jumped right after a quests while the screen was still fading in. My brother also experiences falling trough the ground from tabbing out and in of the game.now to what I dont like about this game. Well a minor thing is the english voices does not fit to the video at all and its so bad from time to time that it feels kinda weird to watch, but I could see trough fingers with that since its not a gamechanger. The expert missions well its kinda good that you can play it with computers but they dont rly do anything but beeing meatshields for you and helps with the special skills that he is doing. but as 3 players the mission is just way too easy and I can not start to think about how it would be with 3 other players who will actually dead high damage as the 3 we are. I bet that it will get harder and harder the longer up we get but we just did golden freeza and he was the first and only one we had any trouble with so I guess it will get harder the longer up you get and well we will have raid for the tough experience so I guess its fine thats why this will only be a minor thing also.MAJOR thing that I dont like is the PQ, Expert missions progression. PLEASE do so when you join a host and win the mission you will get progress aswell when you have that mission. If we dont get this funktion we will end up playing alone in all the content or get forced to do the same mission 3 times so 100 pq suddenly becomes 300 missions O.o with more to come on the next dlc's + expertAnother major dislike is the way you play with your team for the PQ once you selected a PQ missions and finishes it you only got the possibility to replay it or leave. You should be able to change the mission doing the lobby imo so there would be less loading time. - I havent tried out the Kame House if this is the place where you could do the exact thing I was talking about. but would make sence but then we need some guidence in game that tells us this.An annoying feature is the Lobby Idle timer. We need this changed plz or at least explained in game why this feature is so important to have. I understand if the lobby will have too many players standing afk it will maybe slow it down but then make a timer when you havent moved and stuff instead fx. 15-30 min of idle in the lobby will result in a kick. when you play you will just get annoyed by the idle message telling you that you got 10 min until you get kicked are you doing a mission you just get a dc and its fustrating plz fix.Dragon Ball Xenoverse vs Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2Well I played both games and to be honest I like both games and I like the secound one way better then the first. we have alot of new combos to pull out and a great tutorial to try them out. I did 1-12 of them but the last 13. I can get to the third part of it and never pull that combo out the npc either does not fall all the way to me or keeps teleporting or jumping away. I ended out leaving it. They have alot of costumes and moves to use and the way they made stuff more balanced in the secound one is nice to see aswell. You can no longer spam ki blast as a sayin but this also makes the ki blast less effective since they intend to miss alot when people keeps pushing them around. And blue hurricane cant one shot everything now.The lobby is way cooler and better also way easier to navigate trough and figure out where to go. The PQ can remind you alot of the first one but the story is a continue from the first one and without spoiling the story it can from some times feel like the same but still have a new kind of story to it and its a thrill to see who is going to show doing it.I would prefer DBX2 over DBX but if you have the extra money to spent and the extra time then I would say play trough DBX before DBX2 to get the full story it will make your playtrough of the DBX2 story line way better. But dont get me wrong you can still play DBX2 without the need of the first on you will still get the full story just with a slight twist.Should I buy this game?If you want my opinion well if you like fighting games and if you like the dragon ball universe then YES you should buy this game its alot of fun and even better if you can bring some friends to play with.Is it then worth the money I would say with all the current content there is right now yes it is you will be spending ALOT of hours in this game if you want to complete it 100%I still havent done it 100% and I have alrdy passed the 30 hours marker and I bet there will be over double that time at least still to play"
76561198002819606,Not Recommended,454650,26994992,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Taffy,"If you liked the first one, this one is enjoyable too with some nice upgrades. Some missions have been rehashed, but that's expected with anything Dragon Ball. Girls still got booty, so that's a plus.Buyer beware, there are reports of a TON of bugs and the developers have not given an ETA. For that, I can not give it a recommendation."
,Recommended,454650,31892695,Posted: 21 May,all,CitrusKris,"Fun game. Plays better than the first Xenoverse. The controls are still very much the same, but there are plenty of improvements to the rest of the game, especially when it comes to playing online."
,Not Recommended,454650,26416118,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kaladin,"Game is awesome, I really enjoy it. Unfortaunatley I can only connect to multiplayer lobby about 20% of the time. Wouldn't be such a big deal if it didn't take 5 min for every attempt."
,Recommended,454650,33361291,Posted: 7 July,all,Ell,Thoroughly enjoyed this game. Better suited for offline play.
,Recommended,454650,26258002,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MidKnight,"The game is great, but there are two big problems with it. First the changing from 1 year of support and free updates to 6 months of support, which im sure you've seen; and the lack of Black Goku and Future Trunks not being unlocked early. The game has only been out for a couple hours but if they fix these issues it'll be great"
76561197991836428,Recommended,454650,26261585,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Beastlypanda,"I buy a lot of games that I never end up playing more than a couple hours, if ever.I often buy games and don't feel that interested in playing once I actually own it.Games I like I often don't play for more than an hour or two at a time.I played this game 7 hours straight without so much as taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥the minute it unlocked. I can't wait to wake up tomorrow and play it more. I haven't enjoyed a game so much that I was glued to the screen for this long in years.I did try to play through Xenoverse 1 a few times between PS4 and PC - I was sort of interested but just felt myself missing BT3 whenever playing it.This game pulled me in from the start and plays much better than Xenoverse 1. The story and world is interesting but most importantly the game is just fun to play. That's it. Fun game."
76561198152722948,Not Recommended,454650,26407418,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[Black Autist] Crazy,"It's a great game with vast improvements from xenoverse one, great new customization, and a decent story, but the online aspect is not there you would probably be better off with the consol version as the fanbase is more there"
,Not Recommended,454650,35507934,Posted: 5 October,all,Final Aeon Z,"This game was fantastic until the release of patch 1.07.02. with that update, content mods have been unilaterally banned. If you use any mods in this game, it will outright refuse to let you play it. This was a needlessly heavy-handed and poorly thought out attempt to prevent cheating, which has primarily hurt people who don't actually play online. This could have been implemented SO easily and without any adverse effects. All you guys had to do was run your file check, and if you detected something, force us into offline mode. Instead, you force us off of the game entirely.If this isn't fixed, not only would I never recommend this game, but I would strongly discourage anyone from ever buying any game from this developer again."
76561198262992704,Not Recommended,454650,35484931,Posted: 4 October,all,Netoro,"Ever since Bandai updated this patch, they basically killed this game since mods were the only thing keeping this game alive. if you buy the game after this review was published for mods, you are a ♥♥♥♥ing dumbass."
,Not Recommended,454650,35500811,Posted: 5 October,all,Chase11200,"Bandai just got rid of the best thing about this game, which were mods. If you don't want people to mod you're game you should have worked harder because this game is lacking a lot, and mods fixed it for them but now the anticheat just killed this game for me."
,Not Recommended,454650,35479884,Posted: 4 October,all,Bobatemycake,"TL;DR- Bruh, why you gotta remove mods? Y'all trying to kill this dead game or what?In all seriousness though, this game was pretty fun with the addition of modding and customization. That was until Bandai released their newest Anti-Cheat patch that was supposed to prevent cheaters from ruining the experience of online players, but it also removed the ability to have any mods. Period.Even a majority of the people who used mods and only played offline; without doing anything wrong, now are unable to enjoy the game now. While some enjoy the game without these additions; I personally can't enjoy the vanilla game after the boring aspects of never-ending grinding and monotonous missions to substitute the lack of creative direction.Honestly if they fix the game and allow both groups of players to enjoy a cheater-free game and enjoy the additions of mods and cosmetics; then all will be fine, but realistically, I don't see that happening any time soon. Such a Shame."
,Recommended,454650,26344214,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sensei Rio,"A must have title for fans of the series, it's an enhancement of the first Xenoverse game.The new hub world is one of my favorite additions.I've only experienced one crash throughout my time of playing, and the team A.I. as others mentioned can be quite useless.+ Dragon Ball Super characters (With more on the way with the planned DLCs)+ Plenty of content+ Hub World+ Combat system+ Customization+ Challenging- Some characters take up unnecessary slots where honestly different characters could of been added in or instead treated as an altnerative attire.- Team A.I."
,Not Recommended,454650,26426404,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr.Vas,"Great game when it doesn't crash or have issues/bugs, which is aboot half the time and a crapshoot at the moment. Don't buy it until its optimized, otherwise you'll feel ripped off. Don't recommend it until its fixed."
76561198068966132,Recommended,454650,30583155,Posted: 17 March,all,KAL6,"You can make all of your edgy Dragon Ball OC's come to life, and then realize the creator is seriously limited, next time let me make a 9 foot tall frieza character, seriously, I want to be taller than Broly"
,Not Recommended,454650,32097159,Posted: 31 May,all,Sam,"Better than the first, but that's not saying much. You have to either be a god at PVP or be incredibly creative to get more hours out of this game than you paid for.That being said, only buy it if it's on sale. Oh, and the DLC has barely any extra content, so don't give them more reason to keep making this franschise the way they're making it.With the negatives attached to it's still annoying RNG system, repetitive gameplay, limited customization, terrible online UI and party system, I can't recommend this game unless you're buying it for around $20."
,Recommended,454650,26945427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,' JegueBauer,"Score It's over 9000/10Mais do mesmo do primeiro Xenoverse, porém muito melhorado.Apesar das mecanicas de lutas continuarem quase da mesma maneira, o jogo trouxe elementos novos e surpreendentes.O sistema de build onde a altura, o sexo e peso do personagem, bem como sua raça, influenciam em todos os atributos, fez com que esse jogo ficasse realmente F 0 D 4.O sistema de mentores também foi uma novidade muito bem aproveitada.O modo história é surpreendente. Reviver as partes principais do anime é uma sensação que não tem como descrever.E o jogo online está de parabens, tanto para o sistema PVP quanto PVE (JxJ/JxA)."
,Recommended,454650,28780963,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fluttershy,"It's everything you'd expect from a sequel to Xenoverse but it has quite a few bugs that cause crashes still, I'd recommend waiting a few months for them to patch out before buying but overall I recommend the game."
76561198262658714,Recommended,454650,30883062,Posted: 1 April,all,viperverse,"Great game, easy to get into and has so much to offer I highly reccomend this game to any db fan."
,Not Recommended,454650,31507323,Posted: 2 May,all,Kill Me,Servers don't work most of the time and when they do they are still unstable. Fun to play but very annoying to start playing
76561198075654238,Not Recommended,454650,33617360,Posted: 17 July,all,Salt King,"So many things could of been done better compared to the first game.  Yet so many of the annoying, bs moves are left untouched.  There are some super attacks (use 1 bar of ki) that do way more than ultimate attacks (use at least 3 bars of ki).  And that's just beginning of it.  Not mentioning the grinding that occurs at Guru's house and the still broken expert missions ;which consist of letting cpus do most the work and charging up ki for the highest damaging move that is in your move pool.  As much as I enjoyed the game, there are so many things to be improved upon and unless I see very promising reviews from xenoverse 3, I will not buy another one of these games."
,Recommended,454650,28174840,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tallcat,"Looks and sounds better than one would even hope. Has a ton of clipping issues, and playing online has broken the game several times. Looking past that, the combat is really fun and there's tons of content."
76561198047352573,Not Recommended,454650,26285880,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,GeminiDark,"I cannot in good conscience reccomend this game as it is right now. And to explain why, allow me to show you the results of my training.- There are many improvements to the fighting system from Xenoverse 1. Due to this, I decided to try the training missions that teach you how to play. The inputs are incredibly difficult on a keyboard, so I went and got a controller after the first two trainings. This led to problems with the controller. This may be on my end, but it stopped, as in it WAS working before, but then stopped working, reading my right stick inputs. So I cannot control the camera. It still lets me click in the right stick to center my camera, but that's not good enough when the camera is so important. If you use a mouse, then the camera speed in the overworld, the town, is insane. It moves FAR too fast to be able to move around the town at speed, because if you slightly move the mouse, the camera turns practically 90 degrees. This IS NOT AFFECTED by the camera speed setting under Options. That setting only affects the camera during missions.- The training under Elder Kai, the training that TEACHES YOU HOW TO PLAY, not only tells you incorrect commands for what to do, but it also glitches about 1/3 of the time where it doesn't end the demonstration, AND at one point I did the combo perfectly, but because Krillan (my instructor and the default instructor) made his stupid comment about hurrying at the same time, it didn't accept my completion and I had to restart the mission for a second time, the first being because the demonstration didn't end. The dialogue triggering at the instant I finished the combo made it impossible to complete it without restarting the mission. I can't stress that enough.- I did the training mission after that one after finally completing it. There are three stages to each training mission, at least of the first 5 or so, this being the fourth or fifth. The advanced launch attack training. I got to the third and final stage of the mission, only for Krillan to fail to do the final input needed for the combo that the game is teaching me, making me stuck in the demonstration. I restarted the mission, this being the third time I had to. This time, the second stage demonstration glitched, and I restarted for a fourth time. Then the exact same thing happened again, down to even the same input being failed by the AI. Fifth restart.- I finally completed that training and moved on to the Perfect Guard training missions. The first one went by with no problems, aside from it taking too long for Krillan to attack. So I went to the Advanced Perfect Guard mission. The demonstration works fine, even when Krillan failed to do the input that he was supposed to, luckily. However, when the actual training started, and I had to practice the Perfect Guard, Krillan DID NOT ATTACK ME AT ALL. Meaning this mission was literally impossible. I restarted 4 times, giving him 30 seconds each time to attack.- I chose to play as a female saiyan, and let me tell you, female saiyans were NOT considered important by the makers of this game. The BASIC combo, the one that's just repeating basic attack several times, does not make a full combo unless you have a very specific angle from below your target. There are two, sometimes three, attacks in the combo that don't reach far enough to hit your target after the previous attack knocked it back. The very first training mission took me maybe 3 minutes longer than it would have any other race/sex combo, because the most basic combo in the game didn't chain with itself. This is unforgivably ridiculous.- Update: As I said earlier, I'm playing as a female saiyan. Turns out, jumping as one is not only pathetic as they jump maybe one foot off the ground, not only does it slow you down to continue jumping rather than at least keeping the same speed, but at Capsule Corp., jumping just caused me to fall through the floor. Since I was falling, I couldn't bring up the menu. So I had to use Task Manager to exit the game.- Update: During the Beerus fight and afterwords, two of Supreme Kai of Time's lines are in the wrong spots. She says she'll make an extra special lunch when she's supposed to say they cut it close, and vice versa.- I've fallen through the floor many times by simply getting off my vehicle in Conton City. This simply causes falling and then teleportation back to ground, but it's still rediculous. I've also fallen through the ground while simply walking through the City.- Not only have enemies gotten stuck underground, but twice on missions to collect the dragonballs, dragonballs have spawned underground making it impossible to complete the mission.- On the final fight, the boss got stuck underground. There is no greater way to ruin a climactic scene than that. Not only that, but when I reset the mission, the first fight of the final boss threw me through the boundry barrier. These types of glitches are not ♥♥♥♥ing acceptable.ALL of this is made worse by the lack of a patch that was promised. All of these problems are made worse by the lack of controller camera control, and the worst part of all of this is that the console verstions of the game don't seem to have ANY of these problems whatsoever.- Outdated -This is as far as I have gotten. I'm still technically in the tutorial until I complete the next story quest, and I'm already incredibly aggravated. I'm hoping that these glitches will be fixed in the future, but considering that the missions meant to teach you how to play are VERY bugged, I can't help but wonder if they even playtested much of the game, or each race/sex. This is made all the worse due to the fact that I preordered and bought the DLC pass because videos of the closed beta looked very good. According to other reviews, there's also now an issue of the game potentially not getting support, which makes this all the worse, but I can't really comment on that.- Update -I now have gotten to the ending. Furthermore, there was supposed to be a patch on November 1, it's now November 3 and the patch hasn't come yet. This is insane.In closing, the number of times I've fallen through the floor in Conton City, the number of times some glitch has caused me to fail a quest because either someone won't spawn, I'll end up outside the area barrier somehow, the loading screens don't pause the mission timer, some enemy or dragon ball will spawn or get trapped under the ground, or some critical dialogue that triggers progress gets cancelled by some meaningless random dialogue that does nothing is ♥♥♥♥ing unacceptable.DO NOT buy this game unless it's either fixed, on a HUGE sale, or both."
,Recommended,454650,26345916,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lanfear,Best Dragon Ball experience you can get from a game.
76561198324405973,Recommended,454650,26426074,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NIGHTMAR3_K1D,Best dbz game ive played so far (cutscenes animation got better and the new cg cutscenes are awsome and storyline is overall better than the last game) i give this a 10/10 for being worth the wait (since i accedently preordered this a month earlier XD)
,Recommended,454650,26329020,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Jotaro Kujo,"1. Huge map.2. Added quite a lot of new and unique missions/quests.3. Sleek interface.4. Tons of new skills and QQ Bang feature.5. Combat is much much better compared to DBX1.Overall, its definitely worth to purchase it!!"
76561198210257108,Recommended,454650,28072602,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Monkey D. Garp,it's over 18000
76561198271931614,Recommended,454650,28500893,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Refer to me as a thon,meh
,Recommended,454650,26273368,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,trybefore,its ok i guess
,Recommended,454650,26581879,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ulisses,"Really feels like a DBZ MMO, very active and a lot of stuff to do at same time.Story/Quests have choices and the story is really fun and adds up really well if you watched all the anime.There are tons of secrets in form of clothes/abilities which gives the player a reason to do everything. The tutorials are also very good, and it is good to play with other players online.The game seems to be very skill based, while there may be some abilities slightly stronger than others.Despite being newI was able to beat and win mostly my online player battles against veterans, which is immensely satisfying."
,Recommended,454650,27222326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ali Shaikh,After The Update this Game became awesome (Not including Low Frame)10/10 Waiting For The DLC And the Black Goku
,Not Recommended,454650,26515414,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,El Caballo de la Noche,"This game is really, really fun. It's also great to look at.That's it for the pros.There are some minor nitpicky cons here and there that I feel are relatively inconsequential, but there's some major ones that I'm going to talk about that really prevent this from being a must buy.In short, the game doesn't run properly on any pc no matter your specs. For reference, I have a GTX 980 gpu, and a skylake 6700k cpu plus 16GB ram and this game still has hiccups on any setting. The game has crashed at some point during my play every time I've turned it on. It usually happens much quicker when I do the online mode, but it has also crashed every single time when I'm offline.This issue isn't just happening to me. My friends have issues with it, and if you go on message boards you'll read about many other players having those problems too.Another thing to notice is that the netcode (much like DBX1) is absolutely horrible. Trying to do online matches is a crapshoot because people are teleporting all over (when they're not supposed to) and the hit detection is awful online as well. A big mechanic in this game is the 8 man raids you can take part in, but good luck with that. People just drop connection on those randomly as the mission loads, no matter how good the internet. Luckily, they can be done with CPU partners, but the AI is pretty crap and it's much more difficult and the game is likely to crash.Honestly, if they fix the netcode and the crashing issues, I ABSOLUTELY would recommend the game. As it is now though, I can't. If the game is fixed I'll update the review accordingly.Edit: They seem to be patching the game slowly, so it's promising."
76561198255593020,Recommended,454650,28808966,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Antar Wolfheart,"Amazing game, so much fun to play, they say that the online multiplayer is broken or something but since I don't play multiplayer that much I cannot really tell, this is a must have for any old school dragon ball fans, I love it!"
,Recommended,454650,32917753,Posted: 28 June,all,2 nigga's kissing,"Hey, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,454650,26278127,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dark,"This game is just like XV1, almost identical. They literally contain the same story, same missions, same enemies, but I would still recommend this game because it does what it did in XV1 but better.Also these guys whining, complaining and downvoting about the 1yr free updates/support being changed, grow up guys. I mean would you actually play this game for a full year?I'm ready for the downvotes, also the lipsync sucks... fix it Bandai."
76561198347632867,Recommended,454650,32968490,Posted: 28 June,all,gabe1260,"Definitely a must have for every Dragonball Fan. The Story, the Gameplay, and the endless customization makes for a completely immersive, addictive and enjoyable experience. For those who are new to Dragonball Z This game is the perfect way to catch up on old Episodes quickly just in time for the new series on Cartoon Network. Even the voice acting is straight out of the show and the abridged series so you get a truly authentic Dragonball Melee in all its glory.10/10 would play again and again.The only thing they really need to add is Master Roshi.  He's in the only member of the Universe 7 Tournament Roster thats not in game. He better be in DLC 5 is all I'm sayin'"
76561198004665169,Recommended,454650,33123463,Posted: 2 July,all,ุSahfy The Hell-bent Calamity,"An honestly legitimately fun game so far. Certainly worth the current sale price even for how long I've played it over the last few days.It improved upon the first Xenoverse and has addressed my main issues with it.If you like the type of fighting style in DBZ and would like to make a character that is in that world, this is the one.They added many quality of life and pseudo-freeroam elements. There even appears to be something similar to raids.The quest seems to skip over some of the winded parts of the series and continues at a better pace than most games in this genre.. If you probably know what happened they don't waste your time with it. As a fan, this is nice, I feel like many of these games tend to get stuck on one saga or particular aspect of the series.. This one twirls its hand and says ""move on"" during lulls like this.The one issue is that I dislike having these chat systems where you can't just type things.. you have to select from preset stuff.Even then, there is a chat for just about anything you'd have to say gameplay wise and there are tons of emotes/animations.I do wish chat wasn't as restricted though, because this game could probably have a decent rp community without it and most MMO have amusing map chat, even if sometimes probably too extreme for some peoples tastes.In the future, I'd like this to be a parent toggle-able option.. just let us prove we are above 18/21 and toggle an option to be able to chat more freely.Still, with discord and other such messaging apps, if you want to chat with a friend I doubt you will have any difficulty. The game appears to have some sort of voice chat during missions but I did not test it. It sort of beggars belief to have that but restrict text, imo.I am having a blast!Side note: Also, there are various voices from Team Fourstar! Surprisingly, the one that really shines from the character creation process is female voice 11 this time.. Absolutely, entirely hilarious. The amount of apathy in the voice makes every single attack and action amusing. Unceremoniously punting Frieza while barely even raising your voice in a bored, somewhat sleepy or even possibly baked manner... Priceless. The voices from Team Fourstar are of course amazing as well."
,Recommended,454650,26271231,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,icyhotpad,"I love dragon ball and I am angry that this game is getting♥♥♥♥♥♥all over day one, it had bugs sure, but the only one I've experienced is the missing dlc, and look past the support statement change, there's only going to be like 4 dlc packs anyway! There is no need for 1 year support, anyway there is nothing wrong with this game at all, it's an upgrade on the og and it only has some minor bugs... just you wait this will be a great DB game In the long run..."
,Recommended,454650,26271073,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,♱_Juuzou Suzuya_♱,"So i see a lot of people crying an ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the game. but i need to say i love it and have no problems with it. the story line is really good, also that its an big open city now and that there are more things do do, like helping guru to defend the dragon balls train with vegeta or join frieza. okey the game has some small problems i need to be truthfull about that. i had some isseus like spawning under the map, stuck in an battle, npc stuck in an rock. but if you look pass that its an great game with amazing music ( atleast in the story mode :P) in the begin that circus song can make u enoying :P. my opinoin it was worth my money and will have a lot more fun with it !! :D"
,Recommended,454650,26269730,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Candice,"I knew that the sequel would be awesome,I still find it funny when people say it's like Dragon ball xenoverse 1.5 which is not, this game is a new level, they have improved it so much,also you can't expect the game to be 100% different to xenoverse 1, since it's the SAME franchise, just like  the older games, Dragon ball budokai tenkaishi 1 to 3 etc.So far i like it, those who want to play a awesome graphically and  fantastic fighting gameplay, i'd advise you to try this game out!!"
76561198029827381,Recommended,454650,33098369,Posted: 1 July,all,Professor 8{ - Loso,"This game keeps gettings better, keep it up!"
,Recommended,454650,26270859,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MrKing1990,Everything you liked about Xenoverse has been improved and even better in X2. Get ready to put some hours in.
76561198201477650,Recommended,454650,26421622,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[LOSS] Ssgss2 Goku,"for some strage resson my xenoverse 2 english dub sound won't work for suprem kai of time and elder kia and the voice in the middle of story mode ,but it works when it's a complete cut sence"
,Recommended,454650,26317993,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wendy,"I'll make this short and sweet as opposed to many others I've seen, though it's not as short as it could be.The game is a work in progress, feels rushed at the moment but it has a year of support to perfect its self. Come novermber first most of the issues anybody has will likely be fixed and the game will in fact be worth your money. The fights are astounding, the world is huge, the battlefields feel over five times the size they were in DBXV, the skills feel smoother aswell as the combat, nothing feels broken anymore to me personally and over all it feels like a huge improvement over the first game even with broken things as I write this october 30th 2016.  Now keep in mind that if you come in expecting anything new story wise, you're going to see a lot of recycled content mostly because dragon ball is a rug that's been beaten almost clean of new content; its originality teet has been suckled dry yet they still managed to add some badass twists into the story this time, so I feel that even though a lot of it seems recycled that it does not take away from it at all. It's dragon ball, the same story we've seen recycled OVER 50 TIMES and still adore. It's still fun. Don't listen to the hecklers who are telling you ""IT'S ALL RECYCLED IT'S LAZY I HATE IT WAAAAH"". It's fun as hell, and you will enjoy it, I believe!TL;DR If you liked DBXV check this game out. It's worth it! It will only get better!"
,Recommended,454650,27855284,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,..:FFD:.. Tails,It's best dragon ball game everi love dragon ball game so much
76561198075773187,Recommended,454650,26258987,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FreezyPop,So far the game is Amazing. It follow the same Layout as the first game but does it 10 times better. The combat is fluid and brutal.Pros:-Definent improvment over the last game-Cinematic combat- Customization options-Roster-Server seem to be okCons:-Pre order dlc bug-Depth of field bug(most likely be patched soon)
76561198312184386,Recommended,454650,26284006,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ARMYDESTR0YER,"I already finished the story mode too bad it was way to short and easy.(the only hard part was the mission with frieza and cooler, and the one with beerus and wish)but the story was great liked it alot.hopefully they will follow up with the dragonball super series like with some side missions and characters you can get.and please update goku black (Zamasu with goku's body) so he can get SSGSS Rose form."
,Recommended,454650,26531666,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Recomended only if you did not play the first game.Feels like the first with a few dlc packs. Also you may experience a few graphical issues.Hopefully if a 3rd game is released it feels like a true sequel.
76561198056144593,Recommended,454650,26548407,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TalonVarg,i would love for them to fix the dragon ball glich bc im trying to get all the eggs and i cant bc on the ones were you have to get the dragon balls they keep gliching into the ground or a wall or something kinda keeps people from doing what thay need to
76561197976014259,Recommended,454650,26552711,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Captian Fluffypants,"Its the first game with some good tweaks.  Thats it.  Diffrent main story (sort of), everyone gets a transformation, no spamming.  Thats the diffrence."
76561198257022657,Recommended,454650,26528195,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nocx230,Bon jeu mais Batcher le OMG !!!Et augmenter le temps pour selectionné les perso plzzzzMerci !
76561197970763385,Recommended,454650,26532149,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DC,"I have read many of the post and the issues others have been having but I have not experienced a single one of them in 77 hours of play time. Now granted all I have done if play single players so if some problems are related to multiplayer, I wouldn't have ran into them. I am sorry that so many have been having issues with this game, but I for one have to give it a thumbs up by my experience with it. I wonder if some times the issues people experience with many new games have to do with some of the system instability that can be caused from over clocked computer components as I run my system at factory defaults. Best of luck for those having issues, but for me this game has been enjoyable and I recommend it bases on my experience."
,Not Recommended,454650,35484524,Posted: 4 October,all,jackceck,Do you really want to do this?Do you really want to pull a take two?Okay...
,Recommended,454650,26771427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr Tweetums,Zamasu...
,Recommended,454650,26255633,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Slippy,"Liking this game quite a lot, I see some people don't know how to get the pre-order stuff. For the log go into options and then vehicle settings, it will be Capsule #881, for Black Goku I've been told he's unlocked after you unlock to the multiplayer part of the game.Quite content with the graphic settings, not super in depth but not anything bad.Game stays at a solid 60 fps with everythig maxed and with V-sync on. May just be my setup since I have an i7-4790k and a GTX 980Combos feel nice and really arn't challenging to learn just alternating 2 buttons, or stringing them.Game feels much better combat wise than XV1 a lot less invicibility frames and much more possible to string moves together.You can no longer go Super Saiyan and spam since you lose KI when using attacks.I like the additon of QQ bang so you can have the stats you want and use vanity clothes.Roster seems quite nice from what I've seen, I don't like the seperation of the evil characters but I'm not really botherd by it. I'd say go for it if you want a Dragon Ball game. I've already had more fun in this game than I did in Xenoverse 1."
76561197970253441,Recommended,454650,26408049,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Reaper734,"Let's keep this simple, DLC are so far very amazing, graphics are amazing, gameplay is smooth and epic, transformations for all races, and hardly any glitches anymore, this game has been my favorite ever since release, out of every game i have played this one will hold a special place in my heart."
,Not Recommended,454650,28298834,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Daza002,"I have a acer predator 15 notebook and this game can barley poor up right,I Paid $50, some people paid $80 for xenoverse 2.I lost my trust Bandai for deleting bad reviews but the support for this game (Specifically this port) is AWFUL!Let's start with the servers.The servers in this game is actually more WORSE then Xenoverse 1, Everytime I want to Join in A online Game such as the weekly Raid quest it will Kick me out,all the time! Even when Your the host you'll lag so much you don't want to even play anymore.What about Expert missions you say?Well it would be nice to try if there anyone to populate!Well what happens when it's populated?The server crashAlmostAll the timeWhat about the story?You see there something called originality and REHASING!Well the story of the 1st game is pretty good, even enough where you can make your own fanfic story.This game however is decent but is actually worse then the 1st one.and (Warning spoilers)----------------------------A:The 1st game did very well making you feel special, being summon from the dragon balls to help defend time with a very special partner and at the end it actually felt like how your the heroIn this game however you basically are really good at your time fighting patroller whatever school and get chosen to fight with the hero from the last game and his partner but at the end it basically Goku  who's the hero, and not only that but why diddnt your partner choose you instead of wasting a wishB:The metal coolers,In the 1st game at least they tried to put in story and what if scernio such as someone switching body this going into a space ship to get the dragon balls,the steaks(hmmm steak😁) We're really high,In this game they just give you week meta coolers just to waste your time, there not even strong or annoyingC:When you go super sayian in the 1st game you get to actually keep it in the cutsences,felt pretty cool,Huh?You wanna go super sayian in the storyOk well once a cutsence agian we will turn you back to base form.D:World building,In this 1st game they introduce many new stuff to the DBZ universeTime patrolSupreme Kai of timeDemigraTime breakersDeamons( bring more fleshed out)TokitokiConton cityIn Xenoverse 2 They literary copy paste dialogs and cut scenes from the 1st gameThe worst part, Is your CAC from the last game wasn't used well, ( I say that because the only good part about he/she is the big plot twist, which is actually the best plot twist I seen)You can't play as him/her,You can't talk or have them as a mentorAfter the game you basically replace him/her in the middle of the city,You can't even fight him/herYou think a game from 2016, the 2nd Xenoverse will at least make Your CAC more relevant such as a mentorNOPE---------------------------Oh you like PVPOk there limitations and no limitations but it doesn't matter since people forget to make private matches and kicks you outOh and have some lag too while your at it.Want to be a skinny majin male,***** you because dragon ball online made the lore that only good male majin are fat even though the game never made it to the USAOh you know how you complain that the fighting and hit boxes was terrible in the last game?Yah we fixed that, with minimum effortYou we could fix the whole who has more stamina always wins but you know, just get good.This game is not absolute GARBAGE,It just make so many flaws that could made this game perfectBut instead they released this half-*** gameThat's not even finished,When making a sequel your suppose to take all the good things from the 1st game, make them better, and Listin to your fanbase and reviews to make new stuff.You see, Xenoverse 1 had a good excuse for being broken, 1st game in the lineup, had the PS3 and xbox 360 power holding it back,but it brought something original and goodSuch as non over sexualzied character in a fighting game,But when you make a sequel , We should not expect the bare minimum to be our standards,This is Xenoverse 2! You see this is the 2nd game which makes it less original then the 1st, so they need to add way more stuff that people actually like, I was ok buying the season pass from the 1st game because I was stassfied enough and I wanted to support the developers who made a different type of fighting game.I also question the why they advertise that you get to make important choices like a telltale game, but you don'tOh and Btw about the Expert quest, the only way to get to the next one if your The HOST. THATS THE BIGGEST MIDDLEFINGER I SEEN IN A VIDEO GAME.  WHY SHOULD PLAYERS HELP EACH ORTHER IF ITS NOT GOING TO HELP THEM GET TO THE NEXT EXPERT MISSION.The Hub reminds me of twilight princess where it's big but there really nothing to do and it's really annoying sometimes.The new 5 mini hubs too are really funHurcle being me fave cause zeniYour gonna feel a lot of deja vuAll I wanted was more Xenoverse and they only gave me half more.I was so hyped for this game and I even pre orderd it, the more I play the more I see it flaws and it's biggest flaws are just putting raid quest, expert mission all over the map, making it hard to find for in generalAll of this could have been done with just a menu screen like street fighter 5.If I was able to refund this game and play xenoverse 1 I would."
,Not Recommended,454650,28304910,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Princess Rachel,"EDIT 26/05/2017Nope, it's still overpriced garbage.Still missing a whole bunch of potentially great characters like Zarya or Oceanus Shenron, ranged Ultimates (and most Supers) are still completely useless and hardly do any damage and almost ALWAYS miss, and it's still broken & buggy as Hell.====Original Review:Well, who knows, I may change my review when all the DLC is out, if they bother to fix the problems, but as we all know, Dimps are one of the laziest developers in history who love cutting corners, and only manage to sell their mediocre games at full retail because they're attached to bigger publishers, which doesn't help with how old-fashioned and ""corporate"" a company Namco Bandai is.Let me clarify: This IS an alright game, but that's all it is. It had the opportunity to be fantastic, but fell flat on its face at the first hurdle.****DO NOT BUY AT FULL PRICE****Wait until you can get it cheaper elsewhere, or the price comes down on its own. While it's arguably a decent game, it is absolutely not worth what they're charging for it.Where do I even start? Honestly, this just feels like ""more Xenoverse"" as opposed to a sequel, which is fair enough, but they shouldn't have charged full retail for what is essentially an expansion.Over half of the assets including textures, models, voice acting and stages are just reused from the original, they've added a few ""new"" characters, sure, but mostly just by splitting some costumes into alternate character slots.The combat has seen a few improvements, and I do enjoy the variety of skills available, but the ranged attacks are still completely botched and almost never hit, and enemy AI is still cheap as all Hell while friendly AI is utterly buggered.They massively oversold this game on some of its promises, including all the functions your imported character from Xenoverse 1 was supposed to have (when in fact only some silent appearances in cutscenes and the hologram statue were true, and even the latter is removed in the post-story end-game to make way for holograms of player characters you don't care about). We were promised an important role as an NPC with our original XV1 character, and even them being available as a mentor. These never happened.Another false promise was ""custom ki blasts"" which implied a lot more than just picking from a few that barely make any difference aside from essentially being different skills. They could at least have let us colour our own ki so we don't end up being rainbow warriors.The subtitles are awful and often don't match what the characters are saying, and frequently the incorrect voice clip will play, including one chapter in which Supreme Kai of Time had the wrong voice clips mixed up, making an entire scene make no sense at all. I'm also not a fan of how the characters only sometimes refer to your custom character ambiguously, and in many (if not most) lines will automatically assume it to be a male character.Character customization has been improved a tiny amount, offering a SMALL range of new hairstyles and new clothes which can be coloured, but still, in classic Dimps style, they cut corners and can't just let us colour any item and have a ""default"" option, which would make much more sense. For example, how hard it is to just have a simple range of Saiyan battle suits with shoulder and tail options that we can colour any way we like?I'm a fan of how Conton City improves over TokiToki City, and feels like an actual place you can explore, but again, the massively-underwhelming vehicle system, while a good idea, falls flat in that there aren't many available and once you unlock flying VERY early on, the vehicles become useless. Flying should only be available after you've beaten the story and really need to focus on getting around the city.I don't think I even need to mention how terrible the server connection is, and how even though this game's multiplayer was dead on arrival, we should still at least be able to get a match or two for Expert Missions, but no, either no one's bothering or it just isn't working.Wishing with the Dragon Balls, one of the most iconic aspects of the franchise, is also majorly overlooked and pretty much a waste of time. There's almost no benefit whatsoever to using the wishes unless you REALLY want to. The wishes should feel like an actual reward or advancement, not just paying lip service to the source material.And do not even get me started on what a MASSIVE disappointment the majin transformation is. Male or female, you just model-swap into Kid Buu. Are you kidding me? How lazy are you!?Once again, might change my review when the season pass has dried up and they HOPEFULLY fix the major issues this has. Could've been a great game, but Dimps were lazy as usual and completely wasted their opportunity.Dimps, if you're reading this, for crying out loud act like you've got some sense. Look over this review and fix the problems your game has; for all the money people have spent on it, they don't deserve such a letdown.]Not just my review, but that of other players who were majorly disappointed.Listen to your fans and you might actually have an above-average product for once.Personal request: PLEASE let us play as Oceanus Shenron, Zangya and Mamba if you do a GT expansion."
76561197988373379,Not Recommended,454650,27200219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AleShotGun,"PLEASE READ:I love Dragon Ball, and I love Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, I really liked the first game and I simply loved the improvements that XV2 brought, so why I am not suggesting this game?Simply because the online is mostly unplayable.Servers are the worst I have experienced in an online game, PQ missions are totally unplayable because of lag and sudden disconnections, at least while trying to play with 3 or more players (situation updated at 1.03 patch). The situation is the same for me and for other players, at least in EU, as seen in the forum section, flooded by complaints.In brief, if you are gonna enjoy this game mostly for single player experience/story mode, I highly reccomend you to buy it, because in my opinion is the best DB game out there now, second only to the old Budokai 3/Tenkaichi 3. but if you wanna enjoy it online, then don't waste your money or at least have a chance to try before buying.Oh and last but not least, the Bamco support is totally garbage, they keep you responding with stupid suggestion and then they say to everyone that ""you are the only one addressing this problem, so maybe is your connection fault"". Really, this happened to me and two friends of mine. I will never gonna buy a Bamco title again."
76561198084193965,Recommended,454650,31854551,Posted: 19 May,all,batz900,"Did you like DBX?  Do you want more?  If so this is a great game, if not then you're probably not going to get too much enjoyment from it.  DBX2 expands upon the original in many way, the hub is larger and a single region, rather than being split, there're timed events in the hub, there is more customization for the characters, there's more to do all around.  The fun of creating a new DBZ character and seeing him interact with the DBZ timeline and it's characters has not gotten old, though IMHO, in general, the points in time in this one were slightly weaker.  The expert missions more than make up for this though.  Overall, this is an excellent action game for any DBZ fan, though I do accept it's not the strongest fighting game if you're not a DBZ fan."
,Recommended,454650,32926569,Posted: 28 June,all,Drew,best♥♥♥♥♥♥money can buy 1.25/1.30 need them steam stickers
76561198137278944,Recommended,454650,33000724,Posted: 29 June,all,ReK | Kenshi,"Great game . If you played Xenoverse 1 , you have to play this , way more things to do , online community and so on . Try it yourself and you will see"
,Recommended,454650,33436746,Posted: 10 July,all,Arcain321,"absolutly love this game, got addicted real fast and made me start watching dragon ball z again. 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,454650,34103560,Posted: 8 August,all,Behemoth22-2,This game is better than I thought
,Recommended,454650,26634879,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Absolute Dreamer,Guru's house is being attacked.
,Recommended,454650,26653370,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FoaL,"I played the first one and can say this one is much better. I've already put more time into it.Performance has been great, maybe I'm just luckier than some of these other reviewers. I think I've had two crashes and one was in Multi Lobby, and the other was during a fight when I tried to vanish behind someone against a rock.Battles are satisfying and less cheesy, the overall story and experience feels less grindy with more things to pursue than just the story or Parallel Quests, character creation feels more impactful and balanced, and the instructor system is MUCH better than before.My few gripes are with how some of the menus and UI works. Staying grouped with friends for quests can be a hassle. The menu is presented well but navigating it can be a headache. These are all just minor things but consistent.I recommend this game to any fan of the series, particularly if you have friends to do Parallel Quests with."
,Recommended,454650,26532218,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Golden kek (Cringe and Broken),"so this is a review for this game.....first i will tell you what are the good things and then the badthings if its sounds good then play/buy the game if its sounds bad.....so dont buy the game ok lets begingood things :1 the combat is realy smoth unlike the first game2 better graphics3 ok amount of charecters4 dosent cost $605 Guru's house is being attacked6 the boss fights are great if you dont have a realy annoying glitches7 the combat feels realy rewording if you fight right and dont make mistakes8 mods9 and few more things that i wanted to say but forgetnow the bed things :1 the turn around bug in the vs mod with ppl2 the boss fights some times have a bug wich you have to start over even if you did good in all the duration of the battle3 not enough amount of charecters to my taste4 glitches with some super attcks and ultimates5 Guru's house is being attacked6 to enjoy to full exprince of the game you will have to buy the seasion pass ( i can guarantee that)7 the combat feels realy punishing if you make mastikes or because of an un expected glitch8 if you create a new charecter the skills money cloths and tp medals remain but you have to start frome the begining in the sense of PQ's charecters ( hit, whis.....) and story mod9 the story is boring10 you cant use few charecters (you reamamber demigra from db xv1 and you couldnt use him.....the same thing here with few charecters )11 six monthes or more of support12  its realy realy hard to play with out a controller13 and few more things that i wanted to say but forgetfew last words :well i said more negetive then possitve but i realy enjoyed playing this game and i am still playing this game and enjoying it untill now and if you like good fighting games or dragon ball in general i can guarantee that you will enjoy this gamethats preety much it"
,Recommended,454650,26282817,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Cory,"If I had a nickel for every time this game crashed I'd have enough money to buy a something that costs several nickels.It is a really good game though, so If you're not unlucky with crashes like I am and you like Dragon Ball you should definately buy it; you'll have a fun time."
,Recommended,454650,26257977,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SammyGStatus,"I'm lovin this game - big improvement over the original in almost every way.... I just can't seem to find the code for Black - I bought the game on Saturday too, so that should count as a preorder. Confused, but great game none-the-less"
76561198048186858,Recommended,454650,26259559,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lord Sesshoumaru,"Loving the game, only complaint is a simple oneI was one of many who preordered this as soon as it was in the shop for pre order.  The dlc for future trunks, Season pass, and Goku black / pre order all installed. However i have no dlc in the game, It is installed, yet does not appear.Except for the missing dlc i paid for, over all the game is great a must play. Take xenoverse 1 and improve upon it, making it much more of a mmo fighter then a classic fighter, with mor rpg elements.It is a great game, just really really Annoyed that my dlc isn't working after paying for it. Was looking forward to screwing around with goku black, Future trunks, and my cac."
,Recommended,454650,27078077,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CoolDBZ,Great Game and graphics
,Recommended,454650,33622293,Posted: 17 July,all,Tuiat,Guru's house is in dangerGuru's house is under attack!Guru's house is extremely secure....Guru's house is in danger!10/10
76561198137237792,Not Recommended,454650,35506879,Posted: 5 October,all,Doodle,"I never thought that it'd be so simple butI found a way, I found a wayI always thought that it'd be too crazy butI found a way, I found a wayAnd if you open up your mindSee what's insideIt's gonna take some time, to realizeBut if you look inside, I'm sure you'll findOver your shoulder you know that I told youI'll always be pickin' you up when your downSo just turn aroundNow that I know that anything's possibleI found a way, I found a wayNo one can break what is so unbreakableI found a way, I found a wayAnd if you open up your mindSee what's insideIt's gonna take some time, to realizeBut if you look inside, I'm sure you'll findOver your shoulder you know that I told youI'll always be pickin' you up when your downSo just turn aroundNo one cares, what you giveYou know you gotta live like you wanna liveWhen it's time, to be freeYou know you gotta be what you wanna beAnd if you open up your mindSee what's insideIt's gonna take some time, to realizeBut if you look inside, I'm sure you'll findOver your shoulder you know that I told youI'll always be pickin' you up when your downSo just turn aroundOoh Ooh"
76561198110862199,Not Recommended,454650,35506894,Posted: 5 October,all,Matthew,it use to be good now its not now that mods are banned
76561198088401494,Not Recommended,454650,35480309,Posted: 4 October,all,Ahzidal,"With the addition of the EasyAntiCheat malware added in this latest update that semi-bans mods, most of the remaining player base will either leave or play offline.Do notbuy this game if you want to play online. Bandai is too stubborn of a company to remove it."
,Recommended,454650,26355954,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,The Hellspawn Hero,"It's Dragon Ball Xenoverse Duodecim!... But seriously, let's talk about the game.Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is largely an improvement over the first game, if not entirely. In fact, that's most of what the game sets out to be; Xenoverse 1 with the most complained-about problems fixed. Every race has its own transformation skill, Super Saiyan isn't a ""free skills for a limited time"" mechanic, the reliance on RNG has been reduced to a minimum (just about the only random thing in the game now is item and skill drops from Paralell Quests), you don't have to choose between wearing what looks good and what gives you the right stat boosts, and a bit of re-balancing has made min-maxing merely an option rather than necessary to be an effective fighter. Pretty much all the content from the first game, DLC included, is in this one, too, making playing the first game almost pointless if you haven't already. If you don't own the first game, but want to try out Xenoverse, you should just get 2.There is a decent amount of new content, but it's not going to be enough for everyone. The character creator is largely the same, just with some more options for stuff like faces and hair, still being a ""make your character as original or unoriginal as you want"" kind of creator. The early parts of the story are mostly a retread of the first game's story, with some extra changes here and there. It can take a while before it feels like this game has its own identity compared to the first, but by the time you're fighting Frieza's final form with Super Saiyan Goku, the bigger changes start becoming more apparent. You'll also find yourself doing a lot Parallel Quests that were in the first game, with little changes here and there. Ultimately, amount of reused content is the most likely thing to be a dealbreaker. I will say that the actually new content is quite good, especially the tail end of the story.For all the improvements it goes out of its way to make over its predecessor, Xenoverse 2 isn't without any new problems. The amount of EXP you get from side stuff, like event quests and PQs, is much higher, to the point where I hit the level cap (Lv80, at the time I'm writing this) before I was 3/4 through the story. While the enemy AI is much smarter and doesn't cheat nearly as often or as blatantly, it can be a bit unsatisfying to still have an easy time fighting them just because your numbers are bigger than theirs. Speaking of EXP, the biggest offender for throwing excessive EXP your way has to be Guru. Guru's event quest chain doesn't stop after you complete it, like everyone else's. He'll keep calling you and have you do them all again. And again. And keep going pretty much forever, long after you've already gotten all the rewards from it. And he does it often, too: If you do his quests right away whenever he calls on you, he'll have another one ready about 15-30 minutes later. I'd actually recommend ignoring him for a while, or at least, putting off doing his quests as long as you can, just because of how annoyingly frequent his quests are. The ride never ends.My final two complaints are little ones that can easily be fixed with a patch, so feel free to consider them nitpicks rather than proper criticisms. Unlockables other than items and skills aren't carried over between characters, which, for some reason, includes unlocked characters. So if you use the Dragon Balls to unlock any secret characters, you'll have to do it again for each character you make. That's some pretty unecessary busywork. The other complaint is that some skills, both new and old, don't quite work right. Just two exmaples: x20 Kaioken Kamehameha's last hit will almost never connect since the second hit's hitstun isn't long enough to lead into the last hit, and Innocence Cannon will almost never actually fire the blast after it finishes charging up, simply wasting your ki. In my experience, most skills do work, but having any skills that don't work can be frustrating if you want to (or have to) use one of them.... I think that's all I can think of to say about the game. It's almost entirely an improvement over the first game, but that's most of what it is: an improvement. If you're concerned about the game being more like Xenoverse 1.8 than Xenoverse 2, then I'd say to wait for a sale. If that's not a problem for you, or you've never played Xenoverse 1, then go for it.Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 gets an ""I want to get off Super Kami Guru's Wild Ride"" out of 10."
76561197961248603,Not Recommended,454650,26407989,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Duane Dibbley,"Although this game does seem promising, I can't recommend it due to the bugs that still plague this game (crashes to desktop, audio-related bugs, unplayable sections due to various glitches, and much more).The developers indicated a patch for November 1, but that never came.Until these issues are fixed (especially the random crashing to desktop), I definitely cannot say that this is worth the current price."
76561198151479111,Recommended,454650,32617829,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr G.O.A.T (Take it easy :) ),"Great game, I hope they continue to update it and improving the battle system, the game is well made and it's what I have always wanted in a game"
76561198103953308,Recommended,454650,32863139,Posted: 27 June,all,不要脸LV99999,Better than Xenoverse 1
,Recommended,454650,33138159,Posted: 2 July,all,DJ WooDy,Lovin it! This game....is effin' AWESOME!
,Recommended,454650,32950965,Posted: 28 June,all,Undyne The True Fish Waifu,JU BAI DA !!!!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26725104,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,HUMAN-DRAMA,Short storymode.Recycled material from the first game.Not enough new features.Felt like I was playing DLC for the first one.Great if you enjoy repetitiveness!!!Wait for a 50% or 75% off sale.I honestly regret buying the game and  its' season pass...
,Recommended,454650,32865288,Posted: 27 June,all,SlyMel,Good fighting game
76561198069409428,Recommended,454650,31916228,Posted: 23 May,all,Ponyo96,"good dragon ball game, alot better then the first one , better singel play with alot quest and side quest but the mulltiplayer is still not very good"
,Not Recommended,454650,28131296,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Max Mouse,Will they ever fix the servers and crashes? FIND OUT NEXT TIME on DRAAAAAAAAAGONBALLLL XEEEEEEEEENOOOOOOOOOVERSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26456739,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Doc hesselberg,"to many glitches and bugs, online is still as horrible as in the first xenoverse so dont count on this being a online experience with friends/other players."
76561197980804400,Not Recommended,454650,26427468,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tantalus,"I was really hoping that this game would improve upon the original.  In a few ways, it did.  In most ways, it's exactly the same.  In some other ways, it's markedly worse.Most of the improvements over XV1 come in the form of the hub city.  It's bigger, better, and you can (eventually) fly around most of it.  I liked the new instructor system - it felt more like I was being trained and there was less guesswork as to when I could learn a new move.  It was also easier to find instructors and the guesswork was taken out of that as well.  There are almost always things going on in the hub city, but make no mistake - this is still no MMO.  Also on the plus side is that some (but not all) of the randomness surrounding parallel quest rewards has been removed.  Still, it's far too grindy.  If I have to repeat a parallel quest more than once to get its skill reward, that's one too many times for me.  Also, quests are still graded very arbitrarily.  You can get tons of achievements and still wind up with a bad grade and no explanation as to why you got that grade.  I'd rather they just do away with the grade system if they can't make it make sense.The story feels a bit stale this time through, but honestly, I can't completely blame them for that.  You're still going through Dragon Ball's history, from Raditz to Golden Frieza, and there's only so much they can do with that.  The combat mechanics are both different and the same.  The enemy AI still cheats like there's no tomorrow - they recover stamina faster than they should, have an impossibly fast reaction time, and can even interrupt your interrupts.  If you like to shift behind an enemy that's pummeling you to stop their combo and take back control, get ready for them to inexplicably turn around and sucker punch you before you can even move.Worse still is their interruptions of your ki blast ultimates.  These do more damage than they used to in XV1 (or at least I think they do), but with them comes a HUGE risk - you're no longer invulnerable while using them, and if you get interrupted during one, you instantly lose all of your stamina.  This leaves you about as helpless as Yamcha against a Saibaman, except you can't even self-destruct.  You just get to sit there and watch while the AI decimates you, and there's nothing at all that you can do about it until your stamina replenishes.  Given how long most ki blast ultimates take to charge and fire, and how easily they miss, they're pretty much useless in a four or five star difficulty mission.  At best, the AI will simply dodge them, and at worst, they'll kill you for even trying.The friendly AI is no better.  I can't think of a single instance where friendly AI was helpful.  They are all strikers now and keep the fight highly mobile, meaning on the rare occasion that a target doesn't dodge one of your ki blasts on their own, one of your allies will probably just knock them out of the way anyway.  Additionally, if you're in the middle of a strike ultimate, they'll use a ki blast to knock the target out of the way.  Allies are a complete hindrance.  Towards the end of the game, I found myself just letting the AI fight itself untill all my allies were dead (in cases where I could allow allies to die, that is), and then I could get down to business without any interruptions.Also, correct me if I'm wrong, but this is a game about Dragon Ball, right?  Where are the ki blast clashes?!  It's one of the biggest hallmarks of DBZ, and here we are in XV2, and STILL no clashes with ki blasts?  Really devs?!  You might as well make a game about World War II with no Nazis in it.So, yeah, I can't recommend this game.  It still has tons of potential, just like the first, but if this is their second attempt, I doubt they're ever going to realize that potential.  I won't be buying XV3, if it's ever made."
76561198119958563,Not Recommended,454650,26429157,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Agrastius,"I don't know where these plethora of positive reviews are coming from. This game is literally Xenoverse one with some cosmetic changes. The AI is atrociously unintelligent; and being a game where your character progression comes mostly from the story-line and PQ's where you literally just battle AI either alone or with friends; it makes for a truly dull experience. I was hoping for a major improvement here from what we dealt with in Xenoverse One. Sadly; I was taken for the fool on that part and bought into the new game cliche hype. Cool; they fixed the buggy combat and added formidable transformations for each race making PVP actually viable finally. But, who wants to grind out 30 hours worth of a snore-fest just to enjoy some occasional PVP? Not this guy. I want a challenge when I play a fighting game, not just a blitz-fest of comp-stomping.Being a major dragon ball fan; I'm extremely dissapointed..."
,Not Recommended,454650,31830474,Posted: 18 May,all,Lucky,"This game is a small improvement over the first game with more content and some slight changes to the fighting mechanics which can make for some very intersting fights with other players... Other than it feels like the same game. It's a very similar story not even a slightly better one in my opinion and doesn't change things up graphically or musically either. The first game was a lot of fun and the musics and textures got a pass for it being the first Xenoverse, but this time around as a sequel it seems pretty lazy and the whole game could have been sold as DLC in my opnion. That being said if you wanted more Xenoverse and didn't get enough from the first game, wait for a sale and make the puchase otherwise wait for the release of Xenoverse 3. I think it's a good game, but I couldn't recommend a non DBZ fan to purchase this game let alone one who might have put so many hours into the first Xenoverse."
76561197966869583,Not Recommended,454650,26380907,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sharkbeard,"Between the pure game breaking bugs (Crashing, enemies stuck inside walls, making them unreachable, bosses shooting giant ki-blasts outside of the arena so you can't stop them) and how similar this game is to its predecessor (Identical cutscenes, almost identical story,  almost identical layout and gameplay) I can't say I recommend this game unless they fix its bugs, or if you really, really want to play a Dragon ball game and don't already own Xenoverse 2.Oh, I also really dislike the way the story portrays certain enemies as ""You can't possibly win!"" and they are total pushovers, so it's badly written as well.edit: Still not fixed, despite multiple claims of fixing it."
76561198117175782,Not Recommended,454650,31870890,Posted: 20 May,all,Nein³,"I'm going to be as blunt as possible, for the first 10 hours of the game, it's fun, amazing even. But once you get to the buu arc in the story line, it gets extremely tedious. You'd think that with the trailers showing all these newly animated cutscenes and movie villains the story would have those too. Wrong, the story has a few new cutscenes, the rest are from the first game. The movie villains pop up into the story just for the heck of it with no explanation whatsoever and then again to top it all off, the AI when it's on your team is mentally inefficient, but as soon as you go against it, it starts stamina breaking galore.In conclusion, the game's ok. It's not really a 5/5 or even a 4/5, if you want to play a game solely for a few fun fights then this game is for you. But if you want a game that goes in depth with the story and doesn't get repetitive I'd have to tell you to look elsewhere. The only reason I have this many hours on the game is because I had to grind for the Yamcha Stone Hunting achievement, and I've never been more depressed in my life."
76561198061344753,Not Recommended,454650,26755483,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sba.Gregxcore,Great game but I cannot recommend it until the bugs are fixed.
,Recommended,454650,27067304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zeemond,"Improves on pretty much everything Xenoverse 1 introduced, thank god! they did not screw this up!"
76561198175157395,Recommended,454650,26279122,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,jhiphop,love it but single player a bit laggy
76561198130938458,Recommended,454650,26280441,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nil (TheSaiyanCat),"The Game is Amazing Really Good Gameplay and Graphics, Who Care's if they Change something your just all Dumbasses tbh xD"
,Recommended,454650,27817677,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The KeT,"Its a fun game, the story can give 20 hours give or take of game play, and you still have the online aspect to further play."
,Not Recommended,454650,28266374,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnMcBurney,"I had so much fun, and it makes me sad to see the game dead this fast, because they wont patch the ♥♥♥♥ing game. Countless bugs that cripple the experience. I wish I could recommend this game to anybody, but all you'll feel is disappointment. At the very least if you're gonna buy it, buy it on a platform that has players, despite all the bugs, god know's I'd like to play some online.**Edit Its been a while since the release and the game is half off right now, if there was any time for a community reboot, now would be the time. The last DLC for the game will be coming out in June of 2017 but support will apparently continue on for a few months afterwards, so hopefully they have just about anything in mind that might help the playerbase grow. My review is still set to not recommended, but if you want to help a dying game come back to life and love dragonball games, this one still plays wonderfully, minus a few bugs here and there."
,Not Recommended,454650,26268394,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Paper Mystery Beast,"After thirteen mother ♥♥♥♥ing hours, I have decided to change my review, I am no longer recommending this piece of trash, they have updated the game with the dlc, they nerfed skills that were part of my ♥♥♥♥ing strategy, while not fixing other skills that people are allowed to spam all they want, meaning the ♥♥♥♥ing game is still broken, and ♥♥♥♥ing glitches are running rampant. Expert missions are totally broken and full of glitches, and have broken game mechanics that completely destroy your party before you even have a chance to defend yourself and beat them, broken game mechanics dont = higher difficulty, on top of everything else they charge 29.99$ for their season pass, and 7.99$ per each dlc, this is ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous when the actual game play for the dlc is not more than 30 minutes, that is story and PQ's together. Well guess what this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, also I have been waiting for yamcha to spawn for the last 4 ♥♥♥♥ing months, he is literally the only thing that stands between me and a perfect game, another broken ♥♥♥♥ing game mechanic. They will gladly take your money though and ignore your every desire and wish and then when you complain just like in the naruto forums, fanbois come to the rescue of the developer, because the fanbois are part of the ♥♥♥♥ing problem. Just bend over and take what ever the ♥♥♥♥ it is they are giving you, well guess what you are stupid if thats your idea, this is the last time I purchase from these developers."
76561198314779941,Recommended,454650,26443163,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cyan_Prince,"If you were a fan of the first, you will enjoy about the first half of this game. Then this game tests your ability to manage your stamina. Once the AI learns to play the game in the second half, it becomes a teleport fest to see who can teleport out of each other's combos more until both of the characters are out and then one of the two punch it out until stamina is regained. Honestly, i think this game should just completely get rid of the teleport mechanic (at least defensively). I know that sounds a bit ridiculous, but that would make me enjoy the game far more. The new move where a character can charge at the opponent by pressing the attack button and the ascend button at the same time will also be taken full advantage of by the AI. And there will be times when they use it while you try to use an ultimate and they will come behind you and break your guard making you have to wait until your stamina is restored, thus giving the AI time to wail on you while you wait. And there will be times where for some reason something about the AI's stamina is just better because i have tried doing the same thing and their stamina remains in tact, and i have had it done to me while i had most of my stamina. Maybe if i were an expert player i could avoid such things but a person should not have to be an expert player to enjoy a game, and I would not consider myself to be a pariticularly bad player either.  All the other things in the game are fine from what i have seen. The story definitley is just as, if not, more enjoyable than the first in visiting all the messed up time periods and it feels they took at least some what more creativity into the mix although not too many things will make you say ""that's crazy"". The overworld is better as well as mechanics such as the teachers and how they now work and new additions like the factions and QQ bangs add to things outside of the story and parallel quests. My biggest problem is definitely the fact that such a core component of the game is flawed by someting that will come up so often, it will become infuriating. Maybe those of you who use giant namekians may not know the kind of problem im referring to all that much since the way things work for your character are changed quite a bit, but for the other classes that remain the same size and dont really have as big of changes (at least for the frieza race which i have) the stamina thig is very frustrating and is on the top of my list of things i would want to be patched as soon as possible in some way.  If you like Xenoverse 1, give this game a try, but if you are really worred about the complaints i shared, try using a namekian. It can be fun, it is just much harder to enjoy as you progress in the game. If you can get around the stamina dancing then it becomes more enjoyable."
,Recommended,454650,27408389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Smiling Skull,"I love this game, its really fun, but after 1.03 came out, the whole game runs in slow motion after i log into single lobby and multi lobby, i tried uninstall and reinstall, and validating local game cache.  Any help is appreciated"
76561198352104095,Recommended,454650,28920754,Posted: 1 January,all,Nubwar21,I love this game so much I played the first one and this one is better but there a few bugs but theres way to go over them I highly recommend this game
,Recommended,454650,26425076,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,2ddy,"Fans of the series will enjoy it.  While there are many mechanical improvements over the first game, the story is a bit lackluster comparatively.  Many of the good things about this game are just things that were already in the first game, retreaded.  That being said, it's a fun game.  People who played and liked the first game have probably already bought this one, and people who wouldn't be interested in it altogether probably don't know it exists."
,Recommended,454650,29749963,Posted: 6 February,all,Sieq,Great and improved version of Xenoverse 1. Nicely optimized but lots of crashes sadly. 7/10
,Recommended,454650,33239801,Posted: 4 July,all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,This is not even my final form.*Disconnects from servers*
,Recommended,454650,26341887,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,alexise5,"Good game its a must have for fans of the Dragonball series.I run this game  with 60 Fps but had 4 times a Crash where the screen just froze,except that the game is really good made"
,Recommended,454650,33157030,Posted: 2 July,all,wrathさん,"DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2I've been watching the Dragon Ball Series since 2007. I read the manga, seen the anime and even collected the trading cards.This Game may not be best for everyone (2D DBZ GAMES FANS) but this game is a blast. Grab a friend and play, believe me it is amazing. The DLC is a bit overpriced (Especially the Pre-Order Bonus) This game is much more better than its prequel. It is the finished version of DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE. I really enjoyed this game, it is worth your time! I also can't wait for Dragon Ball FighterZ!4/5 Has lots of potential"
,Recommended,454650,28842941,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shion Sonozaki,"This Game is much better than the first ( though I would still play it for Story and Data Transfer) but does have a few issuesPros:-Better fighting mechanics-Actually has reason to upgrade Stamina-Can literally get anyone as your Instructor (even Broly from what I've heard)-Awesome story-Lots of side quests (not just PQ's this time)-Better Transformation mechanics (no time limit and works with all races)-Amazing visuals-Awesome customizationCons:-I don't know why...but even with my powerful PC which can run alot of different high power games, this game will randomly lag somewhat, mostly on cutscenes-Auto lock is kind of iffy at times too, but if you customize your character right then it shouldn't be a problem-English Dub is terrible...it is like watching an old Godzilla (Gojira) film where the words come 10 seconds after they've spoken...also why does Dende sound like Michael Jackson when he was in the Jackson Five...lag makes Godzilla dub worse-(personal note) Ai's can be A**holesAll in all, it is a very good game and any problems can be simply fixed by updates or removing Michael Jackson (kid) from the game"
,Recommended,454650,28189056,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Smitty,"-Host Disconnected-Connection to host error-Xenoverse Server had an errorIt's always going to be the 3rd option, though one would think after the 1st game there wouldn't be any server issues, I mean look at a game like Dota, there's nearly always 1 million if not more playing on those servers, and what do you know, their servers are fantastic, but y'know like 2 thousand-ish people play this and it's an unplayable amalgamation of unstable connections and bad times. You should really fix your servers.It's a good game, but don't expect much from the online until things server side get fixed, otherwise it's pretty fun all-in-all."
,Recommended,454650,26329042,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Virus_Kid.exe™,"Xenoverse 2 re-uses a lot of assets from the original Xenoverse. Everything from sound effects, animations, voice-lines, etcetera. However, Xenoverse 2's combat system is so much more engaging and fast paced than the original. Combo's are more fluid and fun, stamina-breaks are very satisfying to land, my only major gripe is how some of the hitboxes on moves are trash and how Ultimates pretty much always miss unless you're point blank."
76561198044082989,Recommended,454650,27562801,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,C3ll,11/10 would save elder gurus house again
,Recommended,454650,26294305,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MARIO12A,"This review is about the game and not about Bandai Namco's changes with the DLC. Giving a negative review on the game because of the company is not a good response. Only give the game a negative review if it's a bad game.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall this is a wonderfull game. This game is a revamp of Xenoverse 1. Don't think it has the same story as Xenoverse 1. This game has it's own unique story that follows after Xenoverse 1.Pros--------------------------Different StoryNew CharactersCombat is great/ New fighting mechanics/ New moves / New transformationsThe hub is great.Music is greatMore costumes/accessoriesSo many side quests in the hub (not including parrallel quests)Easy to gain level, and grow strongerDaily bonusesPVP is a lot of fun with friendsThey fixed how you train with masters. You can have 1 master, and train all the others with no restrictions.(I did not have problems transfering character from Xenoverse 1 to 2)(Some moves transfer from xenoverse 1 to 2 which is a nice boost as well as Zenni,TP Medals, and costumes)Cons______________Matchmaking with your friends is the same tedious process as xenoverse 1, but you get used to it over time.Only had 1 crash of the game so far. Gallic Gun was too strongCharacter creation  feels the same unless they added more stuff for other races. (I play Saiyan)PVP people with bad connection- they are invisible, and they hit you sometimes or they stand there, but it's not like they are so laggy and they will keep attacking you until theywin. If they are laggy they won't be able to attack you as much either. So basicly you and the enemy are standing there until the 3 mins are up------------------------------------------------------------------Amazing game. I didn't complete it yet, and im excited to see what more there is into this game."
76561198082613686,Recommended,454650,26296737,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheDemonKing,Someone in the comments said it best. Regardless of the shady business scams going on... this is without a doubt THE BEST Dragon Ball game.
,Recommended,454650,26271408,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RARE_HUNTER,this is so much fun this is pretty much the way DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 1 should have been the only bad thing is holly crap they reused so many assets from the firsts they even used the audio assets from the first not a big fan of that but lovin it right now beat 3 noobs in online battle was very rearding
76561198063351099,Recommended,454650,27931599,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,True Meme King,The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death! How could this be!?
,Recommended,454650,26332690,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kim jong deux,"best dragon ball experience ever had,better then anime itself."
,Recommended,454650,28514941,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"While it feels more like a sizable update to Xenoverse than a fully fledged follow up, Xenoverse 2 manages to improve upon its predecessor in meaningful ways. The most immediate improvement is how much more there is to do in Conton City over Toki Toki in the original. There are random encounters, events, and special pocket dimension spaces that hold a set of quests for each race's transformation, in addition to the main story and parallel quests. You can also fly or drive vehicles within the city, which makes travel time much shorter overall. Transformations also got an overhaul, with each race getting their own unique transformation options in addition to Kaioken and Unlocked potential, which remain universal. The RNG has also been much improved, and grinding for items is cut way down as a result.The story and parallel quests are kind of hit or miss. This is where the game kind of feels more like a Xenoverse 1.5 instead of a sequel, as the main quest hits many of the same story beats of the original game. There are even some quests that are exactly the same as they were in the original Xenoverse. They are still fun to play through though, and some new story content is added from other DBZ films, as well as Dragonball Super.Overall, Xenoverse 2 is a successful improvement over the original. While some things may feel pretty similar, the changes that were implemented make for a much more polished and enjoyable experience. Recommended for fans of the original game or Dragonball in general."
76561198081507838,Recommended,454650,28847920,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Xeitiz,Great Game if you like the first one
,Recommended,454650,26296030,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,The Loose Goose,">Pros- Vastly Improved core game mechanics- Better enemy AI- Less grindy RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, stuff is way easier to unlock than XV1- Big hub world filled with a variety of sidequests and characters to interact with- Lots of new moves and costumes to customise your character with- Soundtrack is pretty great outside the weirdass post industrial clownfunk hub themes- The number one game for those who desperately want to feel like they're 13 again>Cons- Rehashed storymode, instead of coming up with unique ""what if"" scenarios, Dimps just shoved movie villains into the      regular dragonball story, complete with reused dialogue and cutscenes from the first game- Lack of new characters and stages- Bad localisation, what characters actually say doesn't match the text on screen. Loads of tynos, I mean typos- Voice acting can be pretty spotty at times- General lack of polish, SSJ hair STILL doesn't spike up- lack of difficulty early onOverall 7/10.If you played XV1, this is pretty much XV1.5. A decent upgrade that fixes most of XV1's major flaws, builds on XV1's strengths, but falls short in a few key areas and sometimes doesn't feel like a true sequel. Biggest gripe overall is the crappy story mode. Was really hoping they'd go balls to wall with a storyline adapted fromfanfiction.netinstead of just rehashing regular Dragonball and then shoving Broly or Cooler awkwardly into the story.Regardless it's still a pretty fun game. I hope with XV3, Dimps really take their time and don't rush the game out like they did this one. If they continue to build on what makes the XV series great, then XV3 has the potential to be one of the best DB games ever made."
,Recommended,454650,27309708,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nide9,"Okay, This don't really feel like a new game from Xenoverse, most of the stuff is reused and a lot of the plot is about the same. it more like they took all that was good about the original and Perfected those, A little new stuff and intresting events. But to be honest it not worth the current prisetag. but i do recommend it, just not at full price."
,Recommended,454650,26625784,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ShadowRanmaZero,"This was a great sequel to the first game, especially when the game encourages carrying over player data from the first game and create a new character for this one. I liked how they made improvements for more intense and advanced fighting and the ability to use transformations as their own awaken skills instead of forced to put them as part of the skill set.The story is great and the Expert Missions is a great new twist that I personally think they could've utilized a lot more. The only problem I have with this game is that most of the missions and parallel quests are the same from the first Dragon Ball Xenoverse game. Also, when fighting other Time Patrollers, some of them use the Stardust Breaker (Gogeta's Ultimate Move) that can almost instantly wipe you out. A bit of a cheap shot especially when you're aiming to complete a mission only to have it end in a failure right from under you.All in all, it's a great game. Great improvement on the game mechanics and the story was well done. Also, getting certain moves is easy. I've been wanting to get my hands on Assault Rain in DBX 1, but had a hard time getting it. But in this game, I got it easily! Despite repeating the same Parallel Quests, it actually makes it worth it. Though, I hope they don't plan to reuse them again if they ever decide to make a 3rd Dragon Ball Xenoverse game. I would recommend this game for those who are interested."
,Recommended,454650,26299383,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Silvershade,"Go watch Team Four Star and their impressions of the game on youtube for a decent review and Game Play run through if you're curious about buying this game.While this game does have a few flaws (that's to be expected with any game), it's still very solid.7/10 for another really nice Dragon Ball game (And it's even a sequel! Sequels don't really do that well! With the exception of Mass Effect :3 )"
76561198030343661,Recommended,454650,26685026,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jamesm160,"Developed by Dimps and published by Bandai Namco, Xenoverse 2 is set two years after the events of the first game. You play as a new time patroller who has been selected by the Rō Kaiōshin (Or Elder Kai for the Funimation English Dub) to be the next elite time patroller and to deal with alterations that occur in the Dragon Ball Z timeline (and hopefully some GT and Super from any DLC).Things added: the roster is a bit bigger than in the last game with returning characters that weren't in the last game such as; Cyborg(Android)16, Cell, Dodoria, Future Gohan, Majin Vegeta, Nail, and Zarbon, along with some of the movie characters such as; Cooler, Gogeta, Janenba(Janemba), Metal Cooler, Lord Slug, and Tullece(Turles), the Masked Saiyan from Dragon Ball Online, and Future Trunks and Hit from Dragon Ball Super. Those who pre-ordered received the villain Goku Black (though Bandai stated that he'll be available later to download for those who didn't pre-order.100 Parallel quests, Expert Missions, Endless (basically you fight other players until only one remains), No-level matches (fighting without stats), World Tournament, a training mode.Positive/s:.The combat system has been improved, you can preform some varying combos with overall a decent improvement to the depth of combat (though not on par with the likes of say Budokai 3 or Burst Limit)..Improved hit detection, by that even if an enemy is falling you can still catch up to them and give them a beating, and you can land blows on them even when they're down..The stamina break, while a bit finnicky can be useful especially when using it to lead into the Kaio-Ken X20 Kamehameha, or Dragon Fist on opponents..Added transformations for other playable races; Great Namekian for the Namekians, Golden form for Freeza race, Super Saiyan 3 and Future Super Saiyan for Saiyans, Nyoi-bō(Power Pole) and Kinto'un(Flying Nimbus Cloud) for Earthlings, and the Purification form for the Boo race..Transformations no longer drain Ki.Usually each transformation or power up has their own strengths and weaknesses some may give large boosts in certain areas but usually have large drawbacks in return therefore they should only be used sparingly..Story mode was fun, especially seeing what alterations have been made to mess up with the events that occured in the series..More customisable options for how you want your character to look like (though I wish they added more spikey hair for the Saiyans..Some nice new soundtracks which give off a very Budokai 3 or Burst Limit feel to it..More stuff in general, super attacks, ultimates, clothes, trainers, interactivity with npcs, mini hubs for doing missions (Capsule Corp, Mr Satan's Mansion, The Grand Elder's (Guru's) home, Majin Boo's home, and Freeza's ship).A bigger hub map (named Conton City).More than one trainer in the city..Improved shading and added aesthetics (floating rocks and other added bits of debris though the environmental destruction is still temporary)Negative/s:.Copy and paste storymode bits, assets, etc (though I'll be honest this is something that a lot of DBZ video games have done, the Budokai Series did it, the Sparking (Budokai Tenkaichi) series did, The Raging Blast Series did, so really this is more of a negative to all of these games)..Giant Boss fights feel even more finnicky, half the time the attacks don't even look like they're landing..Glitches, and I mean tons of glitches; falling outside of the map, Bosses in expert missions sometime either end up outside the map when launching a large blast or the blast (to which you're meant to send flying back at them) ends up outside the invisible wall boundry..Characters who should be variations are now seperate, e.g The Great Saiyaman is no longer one of Gohan's variations, The villains such as Perfect Cell, Golden Freeza, Metal Cooler, Broly, etc have ""Super Villain"" forms which are also seperate characters..Basically typical, abnoxious gimmicks (like Dragon Ball Super) of game which had a very short development period (probably 8 months is my guess).Though this game is a nice improvement over the first Xenoverse game, Xenoverse 2 was obviously rushed by Dimps under a very small deadline (just like Obsidian's Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2: The Sith Lords, thanks for that one LucasArts) given to them by Bandai Namco.My rating for Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is a 7/10, honestly if the game was give a longer development time it probably woudn't have all of these hassles and would probably be an 8/10(Extra)Ratings for each Dragon Ball video game I've playedSuper Butouden: 4/10Super Butouden 2: 7/10Super Butouden 3: 5/10Buyū Retsuden: 6/10Budokai/Z1: 5/10Budokai 2/Z2: 6/10Budokai 3/Z3: 8.5/10Sparking!/Budokai Tenkaichi: 3/10Sparking! Neo/Budokai Tenkaichi 2: 6/10Sparking! Meteor/Budokai Tenkaichi 3: 7/10Shin Budokai: 6/10Shin Budokai - Another Road: 8/10Infinite World: 8.5/10Burst Limit: 6/10Raging Blast: 6/10Raging Blast 2: 4/10Ultimate Blast/Ultimate Tenkaichi: 6/10Battle of Z: 5/10Xenoverse: 6/10"
,Recommended,454650,28827670,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kido The Super Saiyan God,It Is a Really Good Game! A Great Upgrade From DBX 1 Adding Alot Of New Mechanics And Coming With A Free DLC. The Only Thing I Dont Like Is That You Have To Complete A New Story When You Make A New Character
,Recommended,454650,28030981,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ertac,Awesome game. Comparable with BT3.
,Recommended,454650,27713016,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☆ 2Tie,fun game to relax and beat stuff up in.
,Recommended,454650,29285893,Posted: 15 January,all,Stylin'Bones,Excellent and addictive! It is a great build upon its predecessor!
,Recommended,454650,29203794,Posted: 12 January,all,Flaburgasted Rhino,"I honestly though that Xenoverse couldn't get any more amazing. I was wrong. HOLY ***** this game is amazing! Now to address this upfront, yes most of the fighting mechanics are similar to the first. If it ain't broke, don't fix it right? In fact, this game expands upon the original controls massively. They FINALLY fixed the technique slots and put transformations in their own. The story, again, is predictable to a point. I'll be honest, some twists took me by surprise, but nothing mind blowing. The variety of techniques you get in this game is insane. On the topic of techniques, I'd like to bring up my biggest gripe about Xenoverse 1: having to go in and out of areas to get the master you want to learn special techniques from. That has been fixed as well; they stay in one place so you can find them and learn at your pace. They finally put in a training mode to practice (about damn time) and items are easier to obtain instead of praying to the gaming gods that you are lucky enough to get them at the end of a mission.Now admittedly, there are still problems. The fighting gets repeatitive at times, the so called expert missions are frustrating and the game does give you some pretty silly restrictions in terms of moving around the main hub city. (Which by the way looks fantastic) Overall though, Xenoverse 2 was well worth the wait and I throughly enjoy it for what it's worth.Final grade: A"
,Recommended,454650,28176083,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jonstryder,"Hi everyone.  So I'm a long time DBZ fan, and I played the first game, so lets hop into this review by going over what I feel are the pro's and con's of the game.--Pro's--1)  If your a DBZ/DBS fan you'll enjoy it for that fact.  Well that and its one of the few DBZ games currently available that is of any decent quality.2)  Familiar controls.  Controls are like the last game and thus its easy to get into this game because of it.3)  Open World...kind of...well not really.  That is to say that in the original game the ""lobby"" where you congregate was a fairly limited space.  This time around its a fairly open area.  But there are limits to where you can go.4)  You can import your previous game save to get items and techniques from that game to use in this one, thus giving you a leg up on the enemy to a degree.--Con's--1)  ""Cannot connect to the Xenoverse Server.""  Ok you will see this practically everytime you log into single player.  You can still play offline however.  I don't know about multiplayer since I never play that anyway.2)  A rinse and repeat of the previous game.  It could have done with more new features and events besides fighting.3)  There is a glitch with the quests in the city if you are playing single player, do one of these Vs. matches and you'll get stuck at the victory screen.4)  Lip sink for dialogue is really bad for the cutsceens.So thats about all I can think of at the moment.  I don't see the con's particularly out weighing the pro's to turn off possible players.  But look up some game play on YouTube first before you buy, and make sure it's the right choice first for you."
,Recommended,454650,28101793,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dan,"If you liked the first one you'll like this one.The aforementioned bugs appear to be fixed with the last patch (at least the giant deathballs in Expert Missions)Pros:- You get to own Krillin and ""Yamcha"" Yamcha- Nail, Android 16, Imperfect Cell, Cooler, other playable characters added- Dragonballs are easier to farm- PQ Ultimate wins no longer rely on RNG- Trainers once unlocked, stay in one spot. No more looking to see if the one you wanted spawned in some random location- Hub city is more open world. A handful of exceptions, but less needless transitioning- Super Namek transformation, Potential Unlocked- Expert Missions are fun (albeit a tad repetitive)- Import your XV1 save data and have your old character play a role in the story!Cons:- Online play can be shaky, but getting better- New characters don't keep the unlocked fighter list, must redo tutorials and unlock PQs in sequence (They may change this in a future patch)- Still missing characters that would push the game to the next level (Zarbon's transformation, Dr Gero, Imperfect Cell 2, Super Buu with Z fighters absorbed, Random minions from the movies)- Buu transformation somewhat lazy... basically turns your warrior into Kid Buu... which makes sense but feels lazy- Milk delivery sucks (basically a delivery/talk to quest where they cripple your speed and make you start over if you mess up)- Dubbing seems off at some points, and there is the odd subtitle/speech box that doesn't match up- Hub city music gets a tad annoying"
,Recommended,454650,26718442,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AfroSeiun,"Honestly, I don't know what to say about this game.I love this game. 100% through and through, I love it.But... I feel ike the only reason why I love it is because I'm such a big Dragon Ball fan. I love the idea of having my own character in the DB universe and building them to my liking. This is something I've been wanting since I was a kid that the first game didn't deliver well enough to me. The customization in this game is pretty great and there are tons of options in skills and clothing. The combat in this game is extremely fun and I really have no gripes about it.My only problem is when it comes to online. As someone who is a big fighting game fan I can say that this game has potential to be accepted competitively and would work completely fine in LAN tournaments but the online battles absolutely awful. The hit detection is a joke online. Even when both players have a good connection, you can lag through hits easily. The back hit system is great because if you read an opponents timing you can punish them pretty hard for it eventually when they run out of stamina but online most of the time even if you hit someone with a back hit, they just go right through it. In it's current state I can't play this game anymore. It's too frustrating trying to play ranked with such an awful netcode.TLDR - This game would be absolutely perfect for any Dragon Ball fan if they fix the netcode. Everything else about the game is great."
76561198198452774,Recommended,454650,26727846,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Gh0stly,Really Great gamethis game is a bit buggy tho sometimes it will crash but not often (hopefully they fix that)you also get to explore the Area (Lobby) Fly anywhere you like or use a vehiclethe chat sucks tho cuz you can't type you can only choose words that are in the listFighting Mechanics are great better than Xenoverse 1 not much story tho its almost like repeating xenoverse 1 a bit.(to Me its still worth Buying)
,Recommended,454650,26281699,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,This IS WHY I PLAY PUBG,"This game is really fun. Even though the quality is not like a COD game but the graphics are pretty decent. Close to a Borderland feel. Nonetheless,m I enjoy it and would definitely recommend it. Though, I did find a small glitch."
76561198042609001,Recommended,454650,26347998,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kaiser,Preorderd the game. Black Goku is good but at first i didn't get him due to some issues. The story could be better but still its hella fun and challenging. The expert missions really get you going and so do all the other side quests. The game really lets you put in some hours. The animation for future gohan and trunks was amazing but sadly short. I would love to see more of that. This game is def. worth the buy. Love it and really liked how they changed the super sayian skill its so much usefull now.
,Recommended,454650,26988808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GalaxYRapid,Love this game while it has many glitches it is still one of the best Dragon Ball games I've played. But the glitches are a pain but once you get past them it is a really good game.
,Recommended,454650,26417658,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,cliff,"It's not a bad game, in my opinion. It would be cool if we could actually use our mics and talk in the conton city lobby. It would be way easier to make friends and actually communicate with other people, instead of giving us under detailed responses. It would also be cool if sayains had the option to have a tail and go great ape, or just stay a regular sayain and turn ss3."
,Recommended,454650,26856591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flan 🍮,Bardock>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> all
,Recommended,454650,28176146,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Albious Tien,This game is addictive. I like it over X1. It has some bugs to work out. But once you play and you're a fan od the series you will want to keep playing. It has become my latest obsession.
76561198067711174,Recommended,454650,28777002,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,trueyankfan,love it
76561198045893787,Recommended,454650,27167951,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Veronica Lodge,i would recomend this game for fans of Dragon Ball and no one else
76561198239014156,Recommended,454650,26406345,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lil Mac,"This game is probably the best Dragon Ball game i seen and played. However the hit detection for characters is not connecting at all. For example, Im using a Xbox 360 Gamepad type controller or logitech controller. The Combo Attack like the full on X combos all the way through tends to miss ALOT. Even the full on Y combo misses. Also when you do XYY, XYXX, XXYY, XXYXX, etc. Combos like these dont connect at all. PLZZZ FIX THIS. The loading screen takes a minute too. Plus it kicks me out the game at times. So PLZ FIX THESE PROBLEMS.Other than that, this game is still good"
76561198143325539,Recommended,454650,26299558,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TOGS,"This game is rock solid and brimming with content and difficulty, in its early stages combat felt refined and cool looking but when i encountered my first difficult opponent, boy did the combat go from flashy to actually intensive.... they were smart especially in 1 v 3 situations where they don't just watch as i pummel their teammate, they interrupt, A LOT. This game is vastly better than the first game, i say give it a buy if you're a fan of the first game or just a fan of good combat."
,Recommended,454650,26300049,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Darkbrussel,"Very good game. I enjoy the combo system and the fighting. This sequal is way better than the first one. I really love this game in it's franchise.There were some bugs the first few hours of the game, but they fixed it with a patch that came within 24 hours.There are still some glitches in the game, but those are minor and not big of a issue. I'm pretty sure they'll fix those minor glitches.I love the new outfit system where u can litterarely wear anything you want. But ofc only after u've created a QQ Bang that fits ur play style. The Medal system is very nice when ur short on money, and the medal shop is nice if u want to get certain skills, clothes, souls or accessories without needing to grind for them.I bought the Deluxe edition of this game if anyone is wondering. I really love it and it's the best game I've played this year."
76561198129114687,Recommended,454650,26305987,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Calcumber,"It's not a sequel, it's a direct upgrade."
,Recommended,454650,26340339,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SerpentDragon.,Awesome Game 11/10
76561198042717659,Recommended,454650,26910446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,olofthered,One of the safest ways possible to fly around and beat up aliens. Recommended if you love beating up aliens but dont want to put yourself in real life danger.
,Recommended,454650,26331756,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,L,"CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LAWell fellow Dragonball fans.  It's here.  The sequel to one of the most popular Dragonball games ever released.  Finally we can make another OC Donut Steel character to fight alongside Goku, Vegeta, Trunks, your OC Donut Steel character from the previous game, your other Dragonball favourites, and Yamcha.   Send your new CaC to aid the Time Patrol as villains Towa and Mira try to mess with the timelines in a fresh new story.  Probably triggering Zamasu in Universe 10 as mortals keep going back and forth through time.  But enough about that.  How is the game itself?Xenoverse 2 improves on its predecessor in almost every way.  The one thing I noticed right off the bat is the cinematic animation.  It looks so much better.  One of my gripes with XV 1 was the cinematic animation.  in 1 it looked too shiny and a bit wonky.  The fighting looks cleaner in cinematics and characters don't look like they just went through the bowling ball waxer.Outside of cinematics the fight animation looks cleaner as well.  Strikes have more variety and aren't just the same infinite chain like in 1.XV 2 also added many new characters that I felt were missing from the first game.  I'm glad that they decided to add characters from the films not only as playable fighters in battles and PQ's but as characters who make an impact in the story.  As a fan of the series it's really exciting to see movie characters show up to give you that ""Oh ****"" moment.  Also added are a ton of new PQ's.  Many original ones alongside ones from the first game.  In addition DIMPS listened to the fans and turned down the RNG brutality that left many frustrated with the first game.  For those that say that the RNG wasnt bad and I'm a baby who wants it to be babymode I'm sorry but when I manage to kill SS4 Goku and Vegeta in under three minutes I expect at least something to drop.Going back to RNG another thing DIMPS did that I liked was how they handled the masters.  Before it was RNG which character showed up in the hubworld.  And it was brutal.  If I needed Freeza to show up it would usually be Krillin.....or Yamcha........or Pan..............ugh Pan.  Such a waste of a charcter.  Super is better than GT.  Uhhh anyway.  In 2 all the Masters are in the hubworld and you can take anyone's lessons provided you have done the required prerequisites.So those are a few things done well.  But are there any negatives or are you just a Dragonball fanboy who eats up any Dragonball media?  Well I'm glad you asked.  Yes, I am a Dragonball fanboy who eats up any Dragonball media (Resurrection of F was good).  But there are a few negatives.  The lip synching for the dub is well......bad.  I know that there isnt much that can be done because it's Japanese originally and on 3D models it's more noticible but it can be very jarring.  There are also times where there wuldn't be any voice line for the subtitle on the screen.  It just seemed jarring to me to see that.Customization, while improved so much can still have more done.  I just want to make a damn Buu that looks like Super Buu and not Fat Buu.  Also, are we still not able to make Saiyan hair spike up in SS 1 and 2?  Come on DIMPS.While not a knock on the game it would be nice to have had the preorder DLC work but hopefully they fix that.  Better that than the server issues in XV 1 at launch, yikes those were bad.That's all I can think of right now.  But should you buy it?  Why are you listening to me?  But if my opinion matters then yes.  If you are a fan of the series you will easily enjoy this game.  If you were a fan of XV 1 then you will love it.Bravo Toriyama"
76561198100196062,Recommended,454650,26473049,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Super Saiyan God,the game is a bit of a copy and paste of xenoverse 1 but non theless its waay better! i would recommend this game! if you enjoy fighting games
76561198248070296,Recommended,454650,26475814,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,jrosner2016,"If you are a fan of Dragonball Z or just learned about Dragonball z, then I would recommend playing this game. This game is great, fun and has a lot of quests to do. My only problem with the game is that it keeps crashing on me every once in a while and the game will randomly minimize sometimes also some of the quests are glitchy like the expert quest where you fight meta cooler, when meta cooler fires a giant ball of ki at the ground and you deflect the ball of ki back at him, Cooler will end up behind the stage barrier and you can't get to him and you are stuck until you either run out of time or restart the mission. The FPS will also randomly drop sometimes and even cause the game to crash sometimes which is annoying, the vehicles are extremely hard to steer especially the pillar that came with the game when you pre-order the game. But besides the glitches and crashes, the game is extremely fun and challenging. Also trying to find people to do missions with online is nearly impossible as you will be constantly kicked out of the room for no reason or you will experience a connection issue that will kick you out as well."
,Recommended,454650,27715237,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,feeling frisky? ;3,This game is a buggy mess and half of the online features don't work most of the time but I still play it a lot.....help.
,Recommended,454650,26340488,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Niburo,You can really tell where the improvements were made compared too the xv1 overall the game is great in my opinion but them challenge questessss thooo xD.
,Recommended,454650,29117084,Posted: 8 January,all,420.,لعبه سيئه جداً
76561198008754937,Recommended,454650,27133997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Teehetki,"If you love DBZ, you will love this."
76561198155359035,Recommended,454650,28770515,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZeroTheNoob,About 40% of the people bad comments on this game are just salty and can't accept that there bad or they just don't relize they don't have good internet. Including the fact they can't relize this game is still being devoloped and fixed as we play it. I rest i case. Bears should have rights.
,Recommended,454650,27546729,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ͥḈṝᾇẑỷ Cinny™,BINGO!
,Recommended,454650,26341494,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mister Piddles,They kept the forumla and only improved. Great sequal.
,Recommended,454650,26272524,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Doctor Gadget,"Hands down the deepest, most advanced Dragon Ball Z Game that has ever been made. As a Budakai 3 and Tenkaichi 3 fan I am very pleased with the advanced and technical combat mechanics to this game.The story is a lot of fun, an enjoyable experiance for any DBZ fan but more importantly playing with friends, exploring Conton City, completing side quests and discovering game secrets is a real pleasure.I hope to see this game continue to evolve with new content and gameplay it seems a lot of inspirations have come from Destiny when it comes to the online mechanisms. May as well call this game a FORPG (Fighting Online RPG)My only complaint is why can't I type to chat with players in Conton City!?My final note is that please be patiant with the launch bugs Bandai is working on it this is more than we have ever gotten on a PC Port from them:http://steamcommunity.com/gid/103582791455307672/announcements/detail/555459872386531940"
,Recommended,454650,26277103,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lio,highly recommended this game is insane for dragon ball fansif you want to do something good with your life buy this game enjoy it and support the community.
,Not Recommended,454650,26941573,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Reltney Trouser Snake,"3 player co-op broken, laggy raid bosses, glitches. Dont alt tab in cotton city or youll fall under the map, or worse it will just crash. Random booting out of multi lobby, to free up server space is annoying. Good game, but shotty devlopes and publisher."
,Not Recommended,454650,26755868,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Zenhon,Good for a dbz game but if you want a cac super buu look somewhere else they dont have it. if they did i would play a majin.
76561198002559835,Not Recommended,454650,26759474,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vik1130,The game is great but when you beat it you are forced to watch 30 minutes of credit and there is absolutely no way to skip it or quit the game until it's over.
76561198069485014,Not Recommended,454650,26760652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kagiri,"Dont get me wrong, I love this game as a single player.They reworked the battle system it is definately alot more fun.BUTThe multiplayer system is BAD.right now 52.4hrs and I HAVE NOT managed to play any co-op quest or PVPand i know that there are players, I have friends who play and we just cannot connect.I was really looking forward to playing DBXV 2 on multiplayer but it just does not work...."
,Not Recommended,454650,27772368,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kuramashi,"To put it simply, if you like the first one - you'll probably like this one as well.However... There are a lot of bugs in this one. Soooo many crashes. Your going to finish a lot of hard missions just to have it crash right after, leaving you with a failed mission. Just to have to play it over again with a chance of it crashing.There's a few battles I cannot complete because it freezes right after the battle is over. Every time.Now hopefully this all gets patched, but right now you may want to hold off on buying it unless you feel the bugs and crashes wont hinder your experience.I will also say there seems to be a lot more to do in this game, than there was in the last game. Though a lot of the fighting maps are reused in this game from the first one.It's a fun game that needs a lot of TLC to fix its issues. And currently I cannot recommend it until these things are fixed."
76561198091626890,Not Recommended,454650,26753443,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jung Sik,"So I poured many hours into this game and I can say this, the gameplay is actually great even when you practice the combo and turn your COM enemies into paste, with the leveling system sort of grinding but you can get lost and have fun with it as there is various equipment and skills to mix and match your playstyle. Now to get to more postives on this matter before I burn this game to oblivion. So you have Expert Missions where you get special items and fight some bosses with more special techniques of course instead of popping up on the map you have the find them which is interesting to say the least. Next up the Parallel Missions, I won't lie I like doing these missions as you have the time of your life fighting side by side with other players or your favorite DBZ characters. And before I forget, the multitude of customization is high when making your character so go dedicated, original or shamelessly look like Gohan as every other person I have seen in one lobby.Now my burning hatred, the tedious work of this game is good I will not lie but as from the other people reviews there are bugs.Parallel Quest (Online): Sometimes the enemy doesn't even show up on the map, enemy is melded into the ground, the people you are with have bad net connection and you will die in moments depending on the level and finally on this one with♥♥♥♥♥♥net on either persons end they disconnect.Online Lobby/Online Battle: Everything in this game is only about stats nothing about skill unless you go to online battle and go and test your mettle against skilled combo whombos people without your boosts. Second the fighting each other online is dreadful its similar to the Dark Souls parody of the lagging backstabber, there needs to be a customization on chatting so people can stop repeating hello. Lastly the only thing you will see almost all the time every online player in the lobby will play offline parallel missions.Raid and Expert Missions / Teaming Up(Online and EM: Offline): You barely find anyone to join your♥♥♥♥♥even if you put one up. Also  on the side note there needs to be an easier way to find these missions and raids posted by other people, looking high and low for that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I swear. Now another thing that the Xenoverse team needs to really fix is their AI in Expert Missions, as they won't respond correctly when fighting their target not shooting their Ki blasts, keep grabbing for fun, there has to be a command order for the COMs to fight the expert missions correctly.World Tournament: There is barely anything happening, not even ""offline"" make your own tournament for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.I don't even know what else I am missing at this point, overall I recommend buying this on sale.Demigra's improvements to Time Breaker ♥♥♥♥ bois."
76561198060386519,Not Recommended,454650,26706191,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Shin Law,"This game is broke as hell. The dragon ball missions from the Guru storyline are bugged to where the balls go underground and you can't get them.  Not only that, but in Expert missions, even some of the bosses ""disappear"" underground and do their special ultimate attacks while disappeared so you can't do the save to prevent the damage.   It would have been nice if it was more like the original Xenoverse, but this game has WAY too many game breaking bugs for me to truly enjoy it."
76561198262360982,Not Recommended,454650,26722197,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,djnelson1989,The game is good but steam service sucks♥♥♥♥♥i got jailed because i played off line only 100 bux throne out the window thank steam for ♥♥♥♥ing me over
76561198079496587,Not Recommended,454650,26694266,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Zachary of the West,"Buggy, unplayable boss fightsMultiplayer is just a frustrating lag fiestaPromised rewards either come in days and days late or just don't come at allLoading times are half my gameplayLobby crashesTerrible dialog for EnglishStill playing it to try and enjoy the multiplayer features but my interest is dying off more and more every day and there seems to be so little effort being put in by the creators.Want to support this game but they just made it impossible to."
76561198088908790,Not Recommended,454650,26760852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chrome to ya dome,"May have been good if it was realeased 12 years ago but in 2016 the gameplay mechanics feel too simplistic and outdated, Not worth the £39.99 price tag imo"
76561198012626659,Not Recommended,454650,26698174,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Estus,"Xenoverse 2 is basically Xenoverse 1.5 sold as a stand-alone game.The gameplay,thanks to the new stamina break and backhits attacks is more refined but in the long run it feels pretty repetitive,especially against the AI. In pvp (which is almost unplayable if you have a slow connection,mind you)  the fight boils down to whoever runs out of stamina first loses,but it's still quite fun if you manage to find a good opponent.The character roster is disappointing,with lots of characters being retextured versions of others added just to inflate the numbers.While the brief story mode offers no innovations whatsoever compared to the first game since it keeps the basic formula the new hub city is pretty nice and there's a decent amount of content to clear with the Parallel Quests,mentor missions and what not.Overall if you're a huge Dragonball fan who hasn't tried out XV1 yet,or someone who greatly enjoyed it the game is worth its price,otherwise not really."
76561198085332061,Not Recommended,454650,26699955,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,postlifesyndrome,"This game needs a lot more work. The game has some absolutely fantastic bugs that render some expert missions unplayable (enemies teleporting beyond the stage boundaries, for instance) that really should have been patched before release. The story is unremarkable, which is bad since you have to play through it again with every new character you make. You don't just get to drop someone new into the game and powerlevel like you could for XV1, you have to unlock everything all over again. Get ready to press skip a bunch.There are also some issues of game design. There are some huge difficulty spikes in the story that come out of nowhere, and you don't get the ability to fly in the hubworld until you get past one of those.This game has a lot of what made its predecessor fun. It also has some extra polish on top of that. Unfortunately, due to how quickly this was hammered out, this becomes one of those games that you will enjoy for two weeks, then regret purchasing. Wait for a colossal patch, or wait until a year passes and they make Xenoverse three. It'll probably have all of this game's problems fixed so you can enjoy the slew of bugs that it brings to the table. 6/10"
76561198125461982,Not Recommended,454650,26708030,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,phish413,Honest oppinion I'm not overly impressed.  The game is glitchy the characters mouths don't match up.  They pretty much took the old game repacaged it with a few more details and a story laid over top but for the most part it's the first game just repackaged.  They don't allow you to fly with out getting a flying license for some odd reason... The coding just seems lazy as well.  The characters mouth's don't match up to the text they are speaking.  Characters run in place all the time.  Moving around on the main area is glitchy and out of control os the best way to put it.  Short of having a semi cool story and ties in the previous game.  I'm not overly impressed.  The ability to control fights is definitely better but it was so bad in game 1 this shouldn't be considered a positive.  As I said before It just seems who ever made this game was just lazy and did the bare minnimum and with a DBZ wrapped around everyone is buying.  Frankly I'm a little sad for buying it but I love DBZ.
,Not Recommended,454650,26724310,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CallmeCaptain,"It is a good start in the right direction, however, there are very many issues with it. Including bugs that cause you to automatically fail missions. The online capability is so unstable that you can just not expect to use it. I really want this game to be good, hopefully patches will fix these issues, because the base of the game is actually pretty good."
76561198118469659,Not Recommended,454650,26751008,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Shu7203,"All and all the game is fun. I already put 55 hours into it. However, I cannot complete the main story, because during the expert PQ's the giant apes like to jump to the moon in order to launch they're giant ki blast making them untargetable. periodicly while looking at the PQ's the game will freeze and force me to restart my computer. I still have not recieved my pre-order bonus yet.to make matters wrost it seems that they are working on launching the ""new"" content instead of fixing the bugs that have been report."
,Not Recommended,454650,26759840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pancake Hammers,"Fun gameplay and decent character customization offset by atrocious server connectivity and a vast collection of gamebreaking bugs (And I do mean gamebreaking). What fun I've had with it has been plagued with so many glitches and issues that I've spent more time reloading a crashed game than actually playing.From boss characters teleporting outside of the maps to entire character saves being lost overnight, DBXV2 can't hold itself together any better than a house of cards in a storm. If you want a decent DB game, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,454650,26763402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,L. Klautau,"Game full of BUGS. Can't get through story mode because Expert Mission is IMPOSSIBLE to win, even after patch 1.03please, fix it as soon as possible!"
76561198278949484,Recommended,454650,28547613,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ｖ Ｉ Ｂ Ｅ Ｓ,"I feel like after playing this game for alot more time i can actually write a good review for it. I guess i should go on a rant about the postives and negatives of this game. So, for starters, it certainly is a step up from the first game. Improved graphics (obviously), improved hit detection, character customization, etc. The main hub is also a huge step up to the point where the game actually feels like an MMO this time around because of how huge the city is. And finally, they added a lot of characters that were absent from the first game that should'nt have been. Mind you, minor characters, but their inclusion in this game just made the roster better as a whole. However, the dlc so far for this game has been very ""meh."" As of now, we have a total of 7 DLC characters, and 8 if you count the preorder bonus Goku Black. They've added alot of parrallel quests along with all of the DLC, but theres a big issue with the dlc which i'm about to address. So, the negatives about this game. To be honest, there's not TOO much. One issue is the servers that no one bothers to fix. It's kind of hard to have a game so reliant on multiplayer when your servers are complete and utter trash. Another slight issue I have is the lack of players, but keep in mind this game is fairly new and hasn't gone on sale too much, so I'm sure more people could buy it. But now, the biggest issue with the game is the story. Imagine playing a game with an alright story. Then imagine playing another game a year later with the SAME STORY with VERY MINOR diffrences. Thats exactly where this game falls short. The story is esentially just a rehash of the first game with MAYBE 10 different quests. This WOULD be fine if the dlc actually added more story. The ONLY other story missions we got from ANY DLC pack was in DLC pack 2, and trust me, it takes about an hour to finish. Now, in the NEXT DLC pack theres already confirmed story missions, but you should'nt have to buy DLC just so you can have a SLIGHTLY more different story. But hey, maybe you can overlook the fact that the developers this time didnt give two ♥♥♥♥s about giving the players a different story experience. If you can look past that, it's a really good game. It's no Budokai Tenkaichi 3, but it's a pretty good game that I can safely reccommend and assure you that you'll have enough fun with it. But for the love of god, PLEASE wait for a sale. Do not pay full price for the game. If you're gonna pay full price for any DBZ game, wait for Dragonball Fighterz."
76561198213113951,Recommended,454650,27072187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ray503Gun - Farmskins.com,this game is very good (But bad servers)
,Recommended,454650,26324297,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,IlI_Shift,"Pros :- More quests and activities than the first one- Enhanced graphics- Class are more balanced- Same gameplay as the first one (adding 1 ultimate attack)- Vehicules, ability to fly and moving in a semi-open world city- If you have played XENOVERSE 1 before, you can transfer your character (not playable) to use its attacks and equipments !Cons :- Camera view is sometimes unpleasants and confusing in some maps (especially indoors maps)- The fact that we are automatically disconnected by the server after 3 hours playing in multipayer (to avoid AFK players and server overloadings I guess)- Some random crashs (happen to me once, for no apparent reason, the game stopped working ... and I'm not the only one)As a conclusion, I would say : ""its like the one, but better !"" If you have already XENOVERSE, go for the 2, for sure !Thats a game definitely made for the fans. If you don't know anything about DragonBall universe, you probably won't understand the storyline.But thats a good game :D"
,Not Recommended,454650,28989068,Posted: 3 January,all,Geoson,"Not a game I can recommend whole-heartedly. While it is a fun game for fans of Dragon Ball, this game unfortunately suffers from lazy developers and a terrible porting job.Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is the sequel to the original game, made within a very short period of time, and it shows. This game is more of an update to the original. While I would say that the changes made are worthy of a sequel, I can't help but feel that they really didn't try all that hard. The biggest change is the hub world. The main area is now a vast area where you can fly about, unlike in the first game where you had to go through loading gates if you needed to go shopping or go off to a quest.The biggest gripe I have on the game is the constant crashing. Raid Bosses are the end-game content, and pretty much every attempt at them is a 50/50 on if the game has you crash in the various methods it choices. That's not to include the random lag that occurs now and then that usually wipes the team. My favorite of all though is that picking ""grandma"" as your nickname will literally crash the game no matter what.The game also has some great BS like when an attack that needs to be sent back to the enemy goes outside the bounds of the level, making you have to cry as you watch your fate steadily come crumbling down.This game is a faux MMO and while it can be fun, it is horrible broken and lazy in so many ways. I would only recommend this game to fans of the series that really want some occassional fun and are ok with lossing progress and having the game crash on them. 4/10"
76561198187648097,Recommended,454650,27618701,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flatlyne420,If you liked Dragonball Xenoverse you'll like this too.
76561198297957138,Recommended,454650,26274960,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,UzumakiKush,"The game is awesome if you love Dragon Ball.  Go ♥♥♥♥♥ about Bandai on the forums, and actually rate the game based on the ♥♥♥♥ing game here."
76561198003513976,Recommended,454650,26275363,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,broli95,"Ok so if you liked the first Xenoverse you'll love this: stable, good loading times, good roster and improved gameplay overall. Ignoring the fact that they initially going to support only for 6 months and the preorder dlcs problems i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,454650,26275160,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vault,"Basically an upgrade from the previous title, if you like the first one you're going to like this even more."
76561198089677734,Recommended,454650,26274986,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,EternalSnowLeopard,"Better than the first one, the problems that were there seem to be fixed."
,Recommended,454650,26275130,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Spaghetti Queen bites the food,"Goddamn... this game tickles my pickle.This game is a better Xenoverse and the original was great.Better combat, visuals and hub. Yeah I had to wait a day to get Goku Black due to DLC glitch but it runs great at 60 fps although my CPU is below the minimum. I can't wait to continue my adventure through this game."
,Recommended,454650,26417747,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lenny,It's good Quite hard to start up with it's very different but onece you get going Nostalgia and Dope♥♥♥♥♥gameplay takes over
76561198083310171,Recommended,454650,28487928,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gumgumball,They fixed a lot of the bugs and now it's just awsome
,Recommended,454650,26340672,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ludva,">get second trainer in the game, Yamcha>clear his misson>learn the most useless technique in game, Fake Death>Yamcha says it's his special move11/10, well played Xenoverse, well played"
76561198071913852,Recommended,454650,28259449,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,wing_fighter2,"Good game, but it's an exact copy of the first. The only noticable change is an upgrade to FPS and balance issues. Story/side quests and everything else seems to have just been copy/pasted in.Not worth the $60 or the dlc. Especially since there seems to be no moderation in PvP and no report system. You'll come across a lot of cheaters in PvP modes."
,Not Recommended,454650,29034052,Posted: 5 January,all,☆★☆★ Mako ★☆★☆,"Highly NOT recommended!I do enjoy the game, but Namco fuxk this game so bad that I wounldn't recommend it!The game is too buggies, they did fix some of the glitch in the 1.03 updates, however, the bugs came back in 1.04 updates... WTF? Serious Namco? The online event always isn't available for some part of the regions...(Espeically Asia)and Namco can't be bother to fix it... (Because the Steam communities is too small campare with Xbox or PS4)If you really want to play this, go for the Xbox or PS4 and forget about Steam, unless steam is holding a big sales for it."
76561198305086781,Recommended,454650,33396221,Posted: 8 July,all,nadav2845,the best game for dragon ball fans but the online matchmaking is very poor
,Not Recommended,454650,26349205,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Knily,"Very good game. But please don't buy it on steam. Lag and online problems, its so slow its unplayable. I had this game since day one and I got used to how slow it was. But I can't stand it no more."
,Not Recommended,454650,28730574,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shadowthiefdark,"TLDR: If you didn't buy the first game, I'd recommend this as it's not required to play the first in order to understand this one. However, since I'm certain most people who are buying this played the first, I wouldn't recommend this one simply because it doesn't feel like a game on its own. It feels like Dragon Ball Xenoverse 1.5. It's everything the first game should have been. It is the first game with a few added materials. Overall if a 5/10 is an okay game (not terrible but certainly not interesting either), this game is just that. A 5/10. The positives outweigh the negatives in most places but it this game certainly isn't worth the $50 I bought it for. Buy it on sale if anything.The positives-It is tons of fun to run around the Dragon Ball universe fighting all the villains I grew up watching as a kid with my own created character. Growing as a character and creating my own backstory while fighting against major amazing like Frieza is amazing. I'm glad I was able to play as myself rather than as Goku or any other character.Creating the character I always wanted to see in the Dragon Ball universe with all the moves I wanted to see is great. The number of skills in this game are diverse enough that you can truly make the exact character you envisioned being as a child.There is a large improvement in the hit detection for PvP from the first game. It's not the best and it's not precise, but it's much more manageable now.The negatives-Either buy this game or buy the first, but not both. A large majority of this game is taken directly from the original, so much so that I question how much effort truly went into making this game. Perhaps 70% of the parallel quests, story, and cutscenes are exact replicas of the first game. Speaking of the story...There are villains who are added to the game in such a way that it doesn't make sense why they're even included. It feels as though the story was written (mostly copied and pasted from the first, but I digress) first and the movie villains were later dropped in simply because they had to place them somewhere.If you're like me, you won't play the storymode all at once but rather in conjunction with side quests. The side quests are numerous, so much so that if you do them all you'll be overleveled once you get back to the story. This isn't so much a problem with the game as it is with the way I played it. I wanted to finish all the quests from the Saiyan Saga before moving on to future sagas, but doing so made me far more powerful once I returned to the story, so much so, in fact, that I had to stop fighting the enemies in order to not mistakenly defeat them before the characters were done talking thus skipping the rest of the dialogue.The RNG. My God, the RNG. To learn a skill from a character, you have to defeat them. This means you land the last blow on them (from what I can tell). That makes sense. If you want to learn the Kamehameha, you need to be the one to defeat Goku. That seems logical. What doesn't make sense is the fact that at times, you're required to complete a quest over 30+ times to get a skill. Granted it doesn't happen often. Most skills are dropped within the first 5 times and some are even learned in the first attempt. However, there are several skills that are obtained only after 30+ attempts. This starts to get frustrating when you aren't the one to land the finishing blow or when certain quests are 10-15 minutes long. Additionally, you don't know you've learned a skill until after the battle. There were less than 10 times throughout my playthrough that the game alerted me that I obtained a skill immediately after defeating an opponent."
,Recommended,454650,26632097,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Siggy,"If I had any buddies Near me who play, I would see this game as a prime Couch-pvp as cheating wouldn't be a thing if both were on the same system and lag would be equal.Short story even shorter: Possibly a great couch/party game."
,Recommended,454650,26603909,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Magnasword2,Finally patched hooray! Great game. Buy it!
,Recommended,454650,26343146,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Retarded Lemur | gamekit.com,"So me being a die-hard DBZ fan, this game is perfect. The combat is better and revamped from the first one and the story is completely different. We finally get some movie characters!! Imagine DBZ, but with a ton of plot twists. Also we got new transformations from the first one. This game gets a 9/10 on my scale. Absolutely ♥♥♥♥in perfect."
,Recommended,454650,26282666,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[ATLA5] TrentOS,"Game ran ultra smoothly for me. Mentor training wasn't too time consuming, so I could get what I needed and continue the story. Never encountered any glitches. XV1 import worked fine. Don't need to grind for certain abilities like Super Saiyan. Pretty good game overall.Edit: Experienced some minor crashes, but happens very rarely."
,Recommended,454650,26423139,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wreck Em Jones,"If you liked Xenoverse 1 then you will love this game :DIts more like xenoverse 1.5 than 2 but its still worth a buy, so much more to do and if they keep this up the next will be AMAZING !"
,Not Recommended,454650,28440428,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AzureTheGamerKobold,"While there is a really good game under all the bugs its unfortunatly plagued by game breaking bugs. Falling through the world, inability to do the end game content do to the game bugging out online. The inability to group up because of bugs with online, and its not a connection  issue EVERYONE is having these same problems and its been what 2 months now? and barely any communication from the devs... so no its a non-buy till they fix there game... and i am not playing or paying another dime till these problems are FIXED!"
,Recommended,454650,27896361,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sniper King,"Dragonball Xenoverse 2 is probably one of the best Dragonball Games ever made. The whole history change plot is a nice little change from the usual flow but after Xenoverse 1 it's nothing too extraordinary, however this isn't all the games fault since the Dragonball story has been used so many times that Dragonball games never have an interesting story anymore. The Gameplay on the other hand is awesome. I've really enjoyed this game and put in a large chunk of time in the first 3 weeks after release. The customization offers a large amount of cosmetic and fighting style changes, there are lots of nice little nods to smaller parts of the dragonball universe riddled through the different outfits and accesories. The PVP is smooth for the most part and their aren't any moves that are ""gamebreaking"". The biggest problem as of now are combo's dropping but I'm sure there will be a fix sometime soon. The character roster had some nice new additions since Xenoverse 1 including some much needed characters like SS Gogeta and Majin Vegeta but there are some weirder choices like Dodoria and Lord Slug. The only thing about the roster that I hate is the fact that evil forms are considered a different character. I feel like Bandai Namco did this just so they could advertise more character slots, the original system where evil forms were listed as a different variation was far better. The new hub, Conton City, is nicer to look at than the old Toki Toki City however at times it feels like a lot of empty space and finding things can be a real pain. Vehicles are a cool addition but after you learn how to fly they become obsolete. The only other problem I have with this game is the ridiculous amount of grinding you need to do to unlock a handful of characters and unlock the secret ending. Sometimes you have to repeat the same quest over and over to get Dragonballs and other times it's just protecting Guru 20 times to get a Time Egg, I get they are considered secret  but I think it can be toned down a bit. On a side note, the DLC's are going to be far more promising than in Xenoverse 1 because of Dragon Ball Super. From what I understand the first DLC has Super characters in it and the other three will probably follow suite, I look forward to these coming out because they will give players who have beaten the game more to do. Overall I'd recommed Xenoverse 2 to any fan of the Dragonball series, it stays true to it's source in look and feel and has some really fun gameplay.Final Rating:8.5/10"
76561198329418061,Recommended,454650,32954191,Posted: 28 June,all,Gun-Neo,dragon ball xenoverse 2 is amazing and propaly the best game i've ever played :)i couldn't ever hate dragon ball xenoverse 2 it's just to good.dragon ball xenoverse and dragon ball xenorerse 2 are different to any other dragon ball z or dragon ball game because u can make ur own charater and pick what moves they have u can chosse from a variety. :)
,Recommended,454650,26263729,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mo,Good
76561198146497510,Recommended,454650,31452794,Posted: 29 April,all,marshallpunk,"Is this the DEFINITIVE game of the Dragon Ball franchise? No. Suprisingly, i'd give that to the first game in the Supersonic Warriors series for the Gameboy Advanced. Is this the best game of the 2010's for Dragon Ball? YES! Though the customization has improved slightly since the last game, but the game mechanics have. And oh boy, is the modding community great. So many added skills and characters installed with ease.This is a great game to play with your friends and if your a Dragon Ball fan you won't be dissapointed.8/10"
76561198002952563,Recommended,454650,26404720,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MrCartmanez,"PROS: The ammount of content is insane. The fighting mechanics are way better than the first Xenoverse game and they leave room for challenging players to mess around.CONS: The graphics are decent, but they could have been improved. As I see it, the list of playable characters is just average for a DB game: a lot more could have been included.If you like Dragon Ball, you will definetly have a great time with this game. If that is your case, buy it !!"
76561197964882597,Recommended,454650,26343593,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kazzamkablam,"If you liked Xenoverse 1 and want more Xenoverse, can't go wrong with 2."
,Recommended,454650,26509134,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Gunslinger1127,"Having a blast with this game, It takes the first game and makes it bigger and better. If ur into fighting games and dragonball then this is for u. The fighting system is greatly improved and the visuals are awesome, Multiplayer has also been improved from the first game.If you havent played the firstgame and worried u wont get the story line its alright, it recaps the last game pretty well.If your deciding over weather to get the first game or this, I would highly recommend this over the first game since it has everything in the first game plus more."
,Recommended,454650,26405067,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,REDxxFIVE,"This game is a MUST HAVE for DBZ fans. It is, in esscense, the first XENOVERSE, but with WAY more to do and see.  It is exactly what a DBZ sequel should be: a large expansion of the first game with tons of new features, and a LOT more customization.I have only 1 gripe about this game, and that is the local multiplayer.  When you are battling against ur friend in local multiplayer, the camera system just can not keep up.  Many times we have to stop mid battle because we can't figure out where we are on the map, and we can't see our player.  It would have been nice if (just for local multiplayer) they rresorted to the old Budaki fighting/camera system.Overall, as a single player experience (and online multiplayer) this is a 10/10 game for DBZ fans.  As for local multiplayer with a friend, not so much. Local multiplayer gets a 4/10 from me."
76561198145292389,Recommended,454650,26281704,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BlazeDH,"Sadly, everything in life can't be Perfect like Cell. If things did go perfect then most of the reviews here would be positive none of the errors in the game preventing things like the preorder bonus from being given out, and if the steam about page didn't change then do to an error, you might find better reviews than this ones telling you how great this game is and the some of the changes. But you found this one instead so... At least you read this review right? Right? Let's be honest the the answer is no."
,Recommended,454650,26331018,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AJR369,"It's a story within a story, within another story. I even came to the aid of myself.:Piccolo:"
76561198052029140,Recommended,454650,26424308,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AshExile,So close to being a Dragon Ball Z Fighting MMORPG. It's near perfect!
76561198138438046,Not Recommended,454650,26355212,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Unicorn666,"So, I changed my mind.I can't recommend the game at it's current state, regardless of how much I want to. The game itself is actually really, really good. But because of bugs and a couple more cons, this game is not playable.In Expert Missions, there's a very often bug that your enemy will throw a Giant Ki Blast out of the map, so you can not deflect it or stop it. Your best weapon is hoping that if you go to the other side of the map, you won't get hurt by the explosion. I don't think Vanisher Guard can save you from it, however once I did survive by turning off and on my Golden transformation.In any kind of misison, wether be it a PQ, an expert mission or a campaign mission, your enemy can somehow teleport out of map's bounds. He can literally go under the ground, or go outside the bounds. Therefore, you can not kill them, and can not finish the mission.The Expert Mission bosses will often spam their special moves, like the ""BLUE HURRICANE OF DEATH THAT WILL KILL YOUR ENTIRE TEAM IN 1 COMBO"", or ""BLUE BALLS OF DESTRUCTION WHICH AIM AT YOU AND KILL YOU IN 3-4 HITS"", or ""LET'S WASTE YOUR TIME AND SPREAD YOUR ENTIRE TEAM IN DIFFERENT LOCATIONS"". That stalls the misisons.The English dub is not sync'd to the actual character's mouths.Russian translation is horrific.Quite some missions from XV1 were just blatantly ported to XV2, with minor or no changes.Predictable storyline.Everything else is great: more skills customization options, maps, transformations, costumes, music, better sounds, better effects.All in all, this game only deserves a fair 5/10. I'll probably change the review completely as soon as the developers fix the game.This should've been the first game, really."
76561198083025262,Recommended,454650,26404730,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Cosychip, The SkinHub.com whore",i loved this game but there is bugs like in the exert misson where u fight great ape nappa i had to do the misson over like 4 or 5 this casue he just back filped out of the map but i did true enjoy tnhis game the amout of detail is awesome when u chagre your ki how bits of the ground rise up around u and i really like what u did with the super sayain how the more ki u have the higher level of a super sayian u can become i loved this game and the stroy was short but sweet overall and thank u for not making it 60$ at release overall 9/10 awesome game had so much fum with it
,Recommended,454650,33246195,Posted: 4 July,all,Brozack,the story for this game is amazing!fighting is gotten a lot better than the last game
,Recommended,454650,34053453,Posted: 5 August,all,『　 　』,"Could be better but is a large improvement from the last game with many bug fixes however, the ranked multiplayer still has the same issue of hackers from the last game which is disapointing though the single player was fun to play and was more challanging then xenoverse 1. The Dlc still needs to be worked on however, they are still better then what we got in xenoverse 1 so overall I would rate this game a 7/10 could use more work."
,Recommended,454650,26327368,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AToTheJ,10/10 would be Hercule's bodyguard again
76561198236937468,Recommended,454650,34547489,Posted: 28 August,all,ScarletNeko,"I just want to say THIS GAME IS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT! Totally worth it to you dragon ball fans viewing the store page who are still hesitating, way too much fun in this game, more importantly, I love those fascinating BGMs!!"
,Recommended,454650,29465498,Posted: 24 January,all,Radioactive Pancake,This is awesome i don't see any bad thing other than minor lag! i recomend this to any dbz fan :D
76561198165712679,Recommended,454650,26261361,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ֆֆʝ ǤƱκʊ,Mistakes are made but they are also fixed shortly but greatly!9/10 P.SDLC is looking pretty promising so keep an eye out for what looks to be a great time for XV2
,Recommended,454650,30933739,Posted: 3 April,all,SilverSword,Loved Xenoverse 1?  Then you'll love this game as well it has improved on every aspect of the previous title and added a lot more content.
76561198023169007,Recommended,454650,26296455,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Zanthrel,"This game sought to build on the first, and it did so magnificently.  It didn't attempt anything that would destroy the core of the game, but merely sought to vastly improve on the previous game's concept and boy did they succeed.  This game improved on every aspect of the previous and added a lot of new elements that were proposed by us, the buyers.  This kind of support for consumers, and the idea that not everything in a game has to be brand new for it to be amazingly improved upon, should be praised."
76561198026601028,Recommended,454650,27376693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Redlink121,it ok
,Not Recommended,454650,28123904,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sgooter,"Fair heads up, graphic language and salt ahead.It's really nice to see they didn't fix a single thing about their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI, i love that it can insta predict EVERY SINGLE ONE of my vanishes, and hit me out of them to stun lock me, or how the AI can hit me out of Ultimates while i cant touch them during supers. One of my other favourite things is the garbage hit boxes that allows the AI to romp around without a car and grapple or combo me becuase the game isnt registering my hits. Another amazing feature of this game is the janky camera that forces you out of combos because it cant decide where to point, and makes you attack out of your combo, or miss a move entierly because of it. One of the best features of the game tho HAS to be the way you CAN'T ♥♥♥♥ING RECOVER FROM AN ARIAL KNOCK DOWN when you dont have stamina, so you fall to the ground for eternity, leaving you open for the ENTIRE trip down to get stun locked by the AI again."
,Recommended,454650,26403191,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,GrimGX,"This game....What a fitting and slightly more polished sequel.A lot has changed and the larger hub world with a faster mode of transportation is fantastic.The combat is more polished and the battles vs more than 3 other enemies now work better, as the enemies dont just mindlessly try to melee you.The AI is also less dumb and the new training system to get new moves is far more fleshed out, giving you a wide variety of trainers that teach you 4 techniques each.All in all, great purchase."
,Recommended,454650,28774953,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shiverwar,"Okay, I have not played the game very long, only less than three days total, but my experience with it was just incredible. I have yet to get into the online aspects (I will soon enough), but I've heard already that there are hackers and cheaters abound. With that in mind, you know damn well I'm going to be recording every single second of their shenanigans and putting them up on YouTube. There is no way I'm letting THAT slip through my fingers. Bandai Namco, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Now that that's out of the way, my experience OFFLINE has been nothing short of amazing. Sure, there are some graphical issues here and there, what with things being jumpy in the transport through the Time Rifts (Capsule Corp, Guru's House, you name it), but for me, those are pretty minor. I was able to play the game rather well with my controller, so I can't sympathize with the others who have trouble with that. The combat is much more fluid in this game than in the first, and this was only further proven for me when I started playing a Freeza-race character (I main a Saiyan in both games). In the original Xenoverse, playing as a Freeza character was boring as all crap. However, in this game, I'm having a total blast as one!The story mode starts off generally the same as in the first game, but even with the similarities, there are enough twists and turns to keep it interesting. I could hardly wait to play through the story, and I'm glad I did, because some points near the end of it were awesome twists that kept me invested. I won't spoil anything, but let's just say that you're going to have to fight a familiar face near the end, and it's gonna be a bit of a wild ride.On to the skills. The first noteworthy thing I have to say is that the Super Saiyan skills no longer have infinite Ki. Being a Saiyan myself, I'm actually pleased with this, because now I must learn to better conserve and manage my Ki reserves. The fact that some skills take more Ki than others cements this as something I MUST learn to adapt to. Second thing: the overall look of the skills. I'm very pleased with how amped up and beautiful some of the skills have been made to look. My three favorite skills so far are Super God Fist, Final Kamehameha, and Meteor Burst, and not only are they pleasant to look at, but they're really satisfying to use. That's not to say that some skills don't have any problems, however, but whatever problems they do have, from my experience, are minor.The Parallel Quests are well and good so far, but the Expert Missions have some issues, mainly pertaining to the ones that have bosses that throw the giant Ki blasts. Sometimes they're out of range of ANYONE to get to, and the only way to repel them is through a Ki blast of your own. This is something that does annoy me, but not to a great degree, as I've had little trouble repelling them so far. Though, I wonder how bad it will be online... We'll see, won't we?My main gripe about this game is that, like in the first one, there are some lines during the story mode that were either read incorrectly, written incorrectly, or plain switched around. This is the only thing that I have gotten legitimately upset over, probably because I'm so picky about accuracy of lines. There's one point in the story mode where the Supreme Kai of Time's lines are switched with one another, and it should have been a VERY easy fix. Sadly, no, it remains an embarrassing failure.Overall, I would recommend this game, but be wary of the problems it may have. I recently upgraded my computer to be able to handle it, so think of the kind of system you're running before you decide to pick this up. That being said, I can say wholeheartedly that this is a game worth trying."
,Recommended,454650,35282894,Posted: 28 September,all,Flux Fouzen,"If you're a Dragon Ball fan this is a must buy. Not only for the great game play, it speaks for itself, but it's a continuation of something refreshing brought into the game series. When you're finished the story, kick back and install mods, you won't regret it. The ability to mod brings this game to another level of satisfaction and experience. It's something I always bring around and share laughs with friends over. Do yourself a favor and make sure you not only get this when it's on sale (obviously) but also look into the modding community. You'll be surprised."
,Recommended,454650,35108952,Posted: 21 September,all,WORLD < DRAKEN < ME,"Great game if you're a fan of Dragon Ball it doesnt get boring at all because you have so much to do.""Pros"" : Great story /  Rich variety of skills you can have.""Cons"" : The price :/ it's a bit too much try and get it for sales"
,Recommended,454650,26281465,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,Great game just as i expected.
,Recommended,454650,26363253,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sc4recroW,I haven't played for very long but from what I've seen this game is a major improvement from the last game in every way other than the melee combat. I played Xenoverse a lot last year and I really enjoyed the combat system. The combat system for Xenoverse 2 has been completely reworked and for the most part is a major improvement. However the melee combat in my opinion feels a little broken in comparison to the first game. I'm sure this is just due to the game being relatively new and still having some bugs. Either way I'd still recommend this game to any major DBZ fan.
76561198081855244,Recommended,454650,26258159,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sworff90,neat
76561198073951786,Recommended,454650,26334159,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rfrbz12,"Basically every aspect of the first game has been expanded on and/or improved. The masters system now has the characters scattered around the map and you can access them at any time once they're available... Combat has been vastly improved and brought to 60fps (in Xenoverse 1 I couldn't play in 60fps even though it was available since the graphics didn't show up for attacks). The hub map is much bigger and has lots of fun things to do! Just so many many things that I love.Very refreshing to have a complete game at launch AND to see that the devs listened to their fans.PS: If you're upset about characters not lipsyncing correctly, please understand that the game was made for japanese voice acting. you can change the voice language to japanese in the main menu and english subtitles are available no sweat"
,Recommended,454650,26289498,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Door De Vuurnatie Gekookte Lucht,This game is amazing but it crashes a lot. I hope they fix that.Edit: On some PCs the game doesn't like to run in fullscreen. To fix the crash issue just set it to borderless. The game still crashes sometimes but this reduces the amount of crashes a lot. I can't stop playing the game and I plan on completing it with all 8 character slots.
,Recommended,454650,26292965,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MVme,"You guys cry way too much.  I don't know what is worse, you guys complaining about everything, or Krillin dying everytime he fights.  FFS.Game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥though. 9/10"
,Recommended,454650,26283986,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DylanCloud,"""Guru's House is under attack""  has become the new ""A settlement is in need of our help"" meme. I swear you literally finish three quests then guru's house is under attack. What is worse is it just cycles through the same six enemies continously. If it weren't for that one thing I'd call this a pretty good game but because I have to stop and go to guru's house cause if I don't bla blah. i don't even bother with the fights anymore i just get the Db's just so i can get back to what i want to do.combat has inproved a lot. Although I feel once you get high enough level and get your stats right it almost becomes not difficult. Would like to see difficulty increase with level. Or at least an option for it. this is definitely an improvement of the first Xenoverse but, theres still things it can get worked on."
,Recommended,454650,26289952,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,☆megakaijie108☆,"This game  is very cool and fun. it has great graphics and you run your game 60 fps. is much wurth than naruto storm 4 and the best thing is, you beat krillin up xD"
76561198074528285,Recommended,454650,26290883,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dokainin,"So far I am enjoying this game quite a lot, and would reccomend it to any fans of the series. Most of the issues with the first game have been largely fixed and there is quite a considerable amount of stuff to do by comparison, and the abysmal RNG of the first game is also largely gone as skills and items seem much more frequently obtainable from the PQ's. (Parallel Quests). And while no it is not as refined mechanically as some of the older console titles, it isnt really a fair comparison to say that a game designed around 1v1 battles is better designed than one that handles much more chaotic larger scale battles consisting of multiple characters... just ignorant that...So far my only real issue with the game itself is that it does recycle some content (cutscenes and PQs) from the first game, though there are changes even to PQ's taken directly from the original. I just kinda shrugged off all the Bamco BS as none of it actually effects the game itself and considering that Steam was the only source I know of to change the 1 year thing to 6 months and back it may very well have been a mistake on the part of Steam, which is not entirely unheard of. And the Pre-Order characters were unlocked within 24 hours of the launch so everyone who whined about that was just QQing over being impatient.There was also an issue for me in getting the game to launch, missing dll's and such but is an easy enough problem to fix if you take the time to actually look it up and I had the game running in a couple of hours. And it was only an issue because I hadnt fully updated my windows since a recent fesh install as well as some general windows 7 issues. it is also something that is supposedly getting patched in a few days so won't even matter anymore.------p.s.------To all the people still moaning about the ""bait and switch"", even if it were an underhanded tactic on the publishers part, the community won and the change was reverted... so really all you people are just whining about getting your way at this point. So suck it up and just enjoy an enjoyable video game."
76561198306132184,Recommended,454650,26259787,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,JHON CENA,Hey I preordered the game but I didnt get Goky black
76561198076666035,Recommended,454650,26548500,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,madmelendez,"If the crashing and freezing could/would be fixed I'd personally have no problems with the game. It's not a perfect game by any means but it's very fun and accomplishes its goal.. Being a fun, fanservey DBZ game that if people had back in the 90's.. would be a 10/10."
,Recommended,454650,28466158,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zumori,I really love the game if you love time travel and Dragon Ball and if you have ever played Xenoverse 1 its been better since the last game so its worth buying
,Recommended,454650,26360671,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Freeze,Amazing. So much improvement since last game. You should totally get this if you're a fan of DBZ and/or fighting games.
76561197998851273,Recommended,454650,35265038,Posted: 28 September,all,Streeky Flinders,"Though I'm not fully caught up on the series this game is absolutely fun. Playing as your own character and seeing them in the scenes to battle with (and against) the characters from the show is pretty awesome, plus the music is catchy. (Cooler's battle music is my current favorite so far.)"
,Recommended,454650,27292392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chip,The Best RPG game
76561198039932134,Recommended,454650,26279762,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,JackHarkon,I don't know.... In the end this could all have been a DLC for the first game.
,Recommended,454650,29736344,Posted: 5 February,all,Dr.YellowJacket,"I am writing this review during the ending credits for my first play-through, and according to steam I have been playing for 11 hours, I did take my time though, so I'm gonna say the average playthrough should take about 9 hours. And that's just the main stroy, not including PVP, parrallel quests, training under a teacher, ect. DBX2 has alot of improvments over DBX1, mainly in the much smoother combat and more enjoyable to navigate overworld. The only negatives I have about the game, are that it feels less like a sequel (even though it is story wise) and more like a remaster, the story didn't really advance till about 60% through, up until then it was basically just missions from the last game, some were even EXACT COPIES like the first fight against Raditz, the fight and ending cutscene had the same dialogue. All in all, probably in my top 5 DBZ games (despite being a huge DBZ fan there aren't that many game I like). Would recommend, The only reson I would sya you should buy the first game is so you can transfer your save, recreate that character and then you have 2 of the same character in the story."
,Recommended,454650,29580115,Posted: 29 January,all,Brahma,"Games cool, but online is dead for most of the portion."
76561198107442949,Recommended,454650,33055602,Posted: 30 June,all,Sun,Best game ever <3
,Recommended,454650,28514274,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,エデンの永遠の庭 Eden,its okay.... i guess
76561198019727291,Not Recommended,454650,26392667,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Yuri Himura,"Absolutely can't reccomend it in its current state, I just had three crashes in the last ten minutes. Absurd."
76561198024677183,Recommended,454650,26290455,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Orakel,As the previous one..IT'S OVER 9000 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ you Zamasu.
,Recommended,454650,30363216,Posted: 6 March,all,Vael Araragi,"This game has a lot of bugs. I'm not gonna lie. However, this game is phenomenal. The graphics are fantastic, the gameplay is smooth, and it's (fairly) balanced. The real fun comes into play when you're with friends. That is, if you're not getting beaten around by horrifyingly terrible lag. When you're fighting with friends, things get hectic. You start to have battles that could be considered actual episodes in Dragon Ball. The game is difficult to master, but when you've got it down, this game is the most fun you'll have as a fan of Dragon Ball."
76561198102668452,Not Recommended,454650,28192246,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Saucebaws,"""Great ape Nappa is shooting a blast, you need to stop it with your team!""Oh... It's out of the map.  I guess I wait to die now.  Cool.""Use Z-vanish when an enemy is comboing you to get behind them!""Oh, Gohan just spins around and continues to beat the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Cool, there goes all my stamina.""Watch your enemy perfectly execute a stamina break attack, and then beat the ever-loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you for x amount of time until your stamina refils""Oh.... and my allies are just watching.... why won't they help me?!""Sometimes, you can do a stamina break attack yourself! But only sometimes, maybe.  When the game feels like it? Usually only when  you don't mean to, and you'll most probably miss""Oh.... I.... oh...In all seriousness,  I paid full price for this game, and I feel like an idiot for doing so.  I feel like everyone should know this is probably a $30CAD game at best.  Game devs shouldn't be able to release games in a broken state like this,  bugs that prevent story progression,  constant crashes,  and of course a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥♥DLC/season pass.  I seriously feel stupid for giving these people any of my money at this point.Gameplay - 5/10 - Can be fun at first, but gets stale pretty quick.Story - 4/10 - A lot of the story just feels like it was put together last minute.  A cool idea in concept for sure,  but it really could have been done a lot better.Music - 2/10 - The initial hub world music actually makes me mad every time I hear it.  Absolutely terrible.Final score :  4/10"
,Recommended,454650,28994801,Posted: 3 January,all,Cookie R.I.P Computer,Shout out to Metal Cooler being in every fight.
,Recommended,454650,28278571,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[GM] Lank,"It's great. The graphics are good. If you liked the original Xenoverse you'll like Xenoverse 2, since it's pretty much an expanded version of the original game. There is so much stuff to do, which is almost overwhelming at first.Don't buy this game for its multiplayer though. Teaming up is fun and all, but it takes literally ages to find a guy to play with. And VS mode is as unbalanced as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Single player however is great. This game still has a couple of bugs, like randomly glitching through the ground, causing you to restart your game, but other than that, this game is REALLY good."
,Recommended,454650,31857394,Posted: 20 May,all,SuperKakarotto,"An excellent Dragon Ball game. At first it looks like they just improved Xenoverse a little bit but actually they have made major changes. Story is more detailed, graphics are much better, skills, mentors, tranformations are more varied. Game play is more smooth than the first game, combos are more easy to make and using tactics is actually effects the gameplay.I seriously recommend this game for anyone who loves fight, anime or dragon ball."
76561198181064863,Recommended,454650,32632599,Posted: 21 June,all,Scumbag Perv,AMAZING GAME 69/10
76561198160342850,Recommended,454650,32864932,Posted: 27 June,all,Karprico,Huge better than the 1st dbxv
76561198161891815,Recommended,454650,26741489,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Swaggatr0n,"Liked Xenoverse 1? then you will love 2. Everything's been improved: graphics, combat system, clothing options, transformations, etc. The races all now have transformations and some that were previously underpowered also recieved some very positive changes. This game has many of the classic stories we know and love from the Dragonball universe and even makes some nice twists to the stories in some levels in the game. With that being said it still suffers from some of the issues of the original such as having many almost useless ultimates and getting grindy. Overall I would highly recommend it for a fan of the series."
76561198158752635,Not Recommended,454650,28636713,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Suit,"DLC's, again... Expensive for what your getting, again...Not to mention the game  crashing for no reason.Again and again and again, crash after crash after crash during story mode. Offline parallel quests also cause crashes.Also, why are the namekians neglected again? They now have a giant transformation, but you can only hold it for like 10 seconds... Is there really any point to this?And again, grinding and grinding for one single skill. Why don't you make it easy to get low level skills and hard for high level skills? But not too hard obviously.Main story line is worse than Xenoverse 1. In regards to online, barely anyone does the big boss quests nor the online parallel quests. Although, I do have a feeling they do the last few parallel quests at number 90+."
76561198067418808,Not Recommended,454650,28583611,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,simeon527,"This game doesn't improve on it's predescessor much, if at all.It's full of gamebreaking bugs such as bosses leaving the map border and disapearing making missions unbeatable which is too bad because this game requires more grinding to get rare items than before (soul echo device).The ""story"" feels even cheaper and more uninspiring than before which is funny because it's almost identical to XV1: main baddy brainwashes characters and you have to punch them back to their senses.It's looking like more of a DLC farm as well but this time the DLC only adds like 3 things or less at a time.Combat on story missions is frquently interupted by cinematics which becomes a big issue if you went all out to finish the baddy only to have your ultimate attack fizzle during a cutscene without refunding you for the stamina/ki.Male majins still can't look like kid buu/buuhan/super buu. no new races either(androids, kai, ect).GIANT STORMTLDR:If you have Xenoverse 1 you aren't missing much here."
76561198051017798,Recommended,454650,26328382,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Watsit Toya,Awsome game. Though i hope they implement ssGss for your custom chars. I know you got super saiyan 1-3 but they should bring in a second super saiyan unlock skill that only has ss and ss-blue. that way people can use ss-blue if they want to you know? would be awsome
76561198355552194,Recommended,454650,29343164,Posted: 18 January,all,1226073901,还好，在大学的期间，因为课余时间丰富所以来玩这款游戏也算打发时间了吧
76561198233685840,Recommended,454650,30134060,Posted: 23 February,all,I'm Marry Poppins Y'all,"I was born 1990, i grew up watching DBZ as a kid. My favorite show growing up was ..you guessed it DBZ! Thats basically it. If you're a true fan of DBZ this game is FOR YOU! Get it, you wont regret it. No regrets here!"
76561198049533608,Recommended,454650,28723006,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jason'F13th Janne,fine dragon ball game small imporvements from xenoverse 1 but good game 8/10 :)
76561198109622729,Recommended,454650,26300318,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Waffle,"I like how they give you more things to do AFTER you beat the story line, without that then the game would be the same as the last and would get boring quick. I like this one much better."
,Recommended,454650,33032951,Posted: 30 June,all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,I made my own Z Fighter... AGAIN! Goku is still my best friend and pal.I need to collect 7 out of 7 namekian dragonballs to wish my 3 wishes on Xenoverse 3 and the other two for weed legalization and wishing my co-workers didn't hate me.
76561198144442688,Recommended,454650,26346376,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kermit Da Frog,great game way better than xenoverse 1
76561198106415362,Recommended,454650,30046325,Posted: 19 February,all,Testicules,"This game is like getting a galick gun and a speacial beam cannon straight into that inner-DB fanboy face. If you like dragon ball... Then this is definitely the game for you. I found that you don't need a grade-A, Bulma designed computer to get 60 frames conistently since it seems to run perfectly on my half-decent setup. This game has plenty of content from every DB series and the added created character returning is the whip cream on top of Beerus' pudding. If PC is not the only platform you have, I would recommend getting it on console because the online multiplayer is comparible to a low-class saiyan. But when the day comes; that you desire develloping that dragon ball drug habit... Be sure to drag, drink and drive this dream game till you dread, drown or drop!"
,Recommended,454650,27679956,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Logic,"I've had fun playing this game, but what about you? You should be having fun too!"
,Recommended,454650,29152726,Posted: 9 January,all,Panda,"Far better than Xenoverse 1. Super Sayain 3 is awesome but the easy boost is unrealistic to the series. Otherwise,  they fixed a lot if bugs and the game mechanics are flawless. It's the best Dragon Ball game ever made.  I don't regret the $80 bucks one bit.  I would recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,454650,26724290,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,FlamesOfAzure,"Almost a month after its initial release, there are still issues plaguing this game. Constant connectivity issues coupled with mission desyncs have made this game difficult to enjoy.All I want to do is play parallel quests with my friend, but it's nearly impossible because, most of the time, enemy fighters end up freezing in place unable to be damaged (this seems indicative of a desync). If we're lucky, it'll resync itself and we can continue playing; however, the game often just can't seem to come back after a single desync.As an added bonus... the developers didn't think to let you bring up the PAUSE menu in a multiplayer game, so your only options are to either wait for the timer to run out (which some quests have a time limit up to 15 minutes) or you ALT + F4 your game.Even so, if you don't plan on playing this game's multiplayer, are a fan of DBZ, and enjoy creating your own characters, then you may still find enjoyment in this game; however, I cannot recommend this game in its current state.Wait for these issues to be fixed, or spend your money elsewhere.Update:Still problems with desync even after all this time."
,Recommended,454650,27409466,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XiØN,"Xenoverse 2 is a vast improvement over the original. Right off the bat, you have that familiar feel as the game retains basically all the features found in the first game but as you progress, you will notice that the game’s hub world is also more organized, making it much easier to find points of interest. (I'M LOOKING AT YOU SKILL TUTORS!) This time around we also receive characters that were oddly missing from the previous title (Android 16, Slug, Turles) while others are still completely missing. (Garlic Jr., Bojack, .etc) As for more recent Dragon Ball villains, Xenoverse 2 even features Goku Black, Hit & Future Trunks from Dragon Ball Super, and it looks as if we'll be receiving cabba & frost.When it comes to customization, I noticed there are much more hairstyles and facial options when creating your character.  But the best addition of all would be the fact that the other races have transformations as opposed to XV where the Saiyan race seemed like the most satisfying race to play by default due to it's tailor-made options for transformations.===========================================================Pros:+Combat and frame rate seem a lot smoother than before+More customization & characters+Looks more stable (No massive server kickouts like we dealt with on the predecessor)Cons:- Storyline is still short- May be viewed by some as more of an updated version than a true sequel- Ally AI seems to be dumbed down===========================================================All that being said, Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is still worth checking out for fans of the long-running series."
,Recommended,454650,28549420,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,T H E  M O O S E,Just ignore what all these ungrateful pleebs are saying. You don't need multiplayer to do everything and have fun in this game. The single player is fun enough on its own.
76561197979223944,Not Recommended,454650,26680966,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Binks,"Pros:Lets you put your own character in the DBZ universeDiverse set of attacks, mentors to learn from, and character creation toolsStory mode is a lot of funCons:90% of the content is copy/pasted from XV1 without any attempt to disguise it. Lazy and annoying if you played XV1Balance is absurdly bad. Some races are flat batter than others, Ki blasters > Strike user. No real attempt has been made to balance the game at this time. There are several moves that are flat out unavoidable but are free to spam, while the easily avoided/blocked moves have ridiculous price tags.Allied AI is terrible. You can often see your allies standing around watching you get beat on by the entire enemy team without lifting a finger to help, and when they do chip in they can't seem to hurt the enemies. So many missions end up with you soloing everything while your ais repeatedly die and revive.Enemy AI is ridiculously unfair. Hesitate for a millisecond and it will pounce. Knock them to the ground and launch an ultimate attack and they will get up, instantly teleport behind you, and interrupt you 100% of the time. You're basically playing against a move perfect AI in the higher level matches, with allies who can't fight and a system balanced around the idea that timing is hard (but the AI times everything perfectly, so it doesn't care).Most of the moves look good but don't accomplish much for their valueOverall: Honestly, having played both, I'd say grab XV1. It's cheaper, it's basically the same game, and the moves are far more effectively in that game. Too much of XV2 comes down to 'basic attack into a combo, teleport, basic attack into a combo' because using the flashy and cool attacks DBZ is known for is too risky when the AI will just avoid and counter attack. Imagine an episode of DBZ where the fighters didn't suffer Prometheus syndrome and just sidestepped the beam attacks and you have what XV2 is like. It might be more realistic, but it's far less fun."
,Not Recommended,454650,28110165,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,King of Ash and Bone,"Crashing around at the speed of sound, got no where to go cause the game ♥♥♥♥ing froo-oze!"
,Not Recommended,454650,26587008,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gujin,"Xenoverse 2 is a sequel that doesn't feel like a sequel. With recycled missions, assets, and the only real differences included are new forms for all the non-Saiyan classes, and more new villain involvements in the story (Turles, Slug, Janemba, Golden Frieza) it's a really hard game to recommend at full price if you've already played the first game.Several new features exist, such as equips that let you be more custom with gear appearance-wise, and race faction missions, as well as new Expert Missions, which function like Parallel Quests but in a more, 6 man raid format, but it still doesn't feel like enough has been added to justify this being a sequel. There are also several problems with the game's online capabilities, as of writing this review several glitches exist such as your character just freezing in place for a couple of seconds, or when the boss in an Expert Mission uses a death ball attack, there's a decent chance the death ball will just disappear, and the boss will teleport outside of the map, making the mission impossible to complete.Overall this does feel like a huge disappointment as a sequel, and it's hard to recommend considering it only has slightly more content than the first game, but if it goes on sale for about 75%, yeah pick it up, it's worth the playthrough. But as of now, you're better off just investing in Xenoverse, and hoping Xenoverse 3 is enough of a different game to justify the hefty price tag.Also, lmfao if you're buying this for PvP. Raging Blast 2 and Budokai Tenkaichi 3 are far better games if you're looking to fight against strangers or friends."
,Recommended,454650,28815935,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kydon,"OK, so I have a budget laptop, like a 400 dollar laptop, only has a core I3 at like 2.3 GHz, and it has 8GB of ddr4 ram, only 128MB of VRAM, but so far no problems at all playing this game. Not sure what problems other people are having with crashing and whatnot, but mine has yet to crash once. As for the game, I never played the first one, but this one so far is pretty cool, I used to play DBO, and it seems this is sort of a rendition of that. I have yet to attempt an online battle though, so I can't speak on that. Overall, the game is pretty decent, a little over priced, but decent. My opinion would be to wait for it to be on sale below like 25 bucks before purchasing, but it's your choice."
,Recommended,454650,33830984,Posted: 27 July,all,Bear-,This game is addicting as ♥♥♥♥!RPG element in dragon ball game is just too goodloving it so far10/10 would buy the third when release or whatever xenoverse 2 sequelBUY THIS GAME NOW!!NO REGRET FOR DRAGON BALL HARDCORE FANS!
76561197995034826,Recommended,454650,32520832,Posted: 17 June,all,Alik-Kar Mant,"I'm going to say that is a good game in story mode, with a lot of improvements. More characters and better graphics, a lot of extra things to do. I just put one problem with it...the vs battles, with the game on easy, they seem like the game is on extra hard. I cant do most of the super or ultimate attacks...for 10 that I start, 1 lands on my opponent. I have to rely most of the time on one thing that I really hate to do...button mashing. And the fact that the opponent always does teleport during a Super or Ultimate Attack, attacks me and deplets my stamina is very enervating. On that sense the Xenoverse 1 was better."
,Recommended,454650,34234420,Posted: 14 August,all,theipodtouch218,hey its me goku
,Recommended,454650,28113280,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lizzy`!,Every DB fan will enjoy this.
,Not Recommended,454650,29451447,Posted: 23 January,all,Cynical,"Copypaste xenoverse 1, online  is still a bunch of cheap  moveset abusers, and the modders  do  more work than the developers.Don't  waste your money like I did on season pass, DLC is absoulte rubbish."
,Not Recommended,454650,33367345,Posted: 8 July,all,- ̗̀ Vortex ̖́-,"There is a glitch that prevents many players from even opening the game via Steam (even though they spent alot of money on this game and are essentially robbed) which has been stated by many people throughout the forums. There has been close to no little response, I am very salty b/c I bought the deluxe edition, so until we get any type of patch or official response, this review will have to stay as a non recommended game."
,Recommended,454650,34081853,Posted: 7 August,all,Furion,Verry good game
76561198105244917,Recommended,454650,26282576,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Seeker Knerlum,More like...burn't toast.
76561198285786471,Recommended,454650,26561541,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SmallBoi,10/10 Would button mash again.
,Recommended,454650,26574872,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,레이디,The game is fun and i really like it but it has a LOT of bugs.
76561198156215500,Recommended,454650,26578613,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,🖕Ronald McDongus🖕,"xenoverse 2 is alot better that xenoverse 1 although that doesn't mean its perfect and here is whycons:1: the game lags like hell if your on destroyed namek or the glacier2: you get HUGE fps drops for example my xenoverse 2 runs at a smooth 60 fps then suddenly it goes down to either 20,15 or 123: the servers are still♥♥♥♥♥♥4: there are still people who do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥on one of the servers and dont get kicked in 3 hours5: WHY 3 HOURS MAX ON THE DAMN ONLINE MODE?6: the game crashes at the most important times7: most missions and parallel quests are the same from xenoverse 1 just the ulitmate finish is either harder or another character joins in like piccolo or android 168: SPOILER ALERT the final boss mira loves to spam a un-avoidable attack9: the majin transformationpros:the game looks BEAUTIFULcharacters that were normally mods are now in the game *cough* ssj gogeta and janemba *cough*AMAZING MUSICthe ability to fly in the hub world is so much funxenoverse 1 mods work with xenoverse 2 (i've only tried with 1 mod and that was uhhh nvm not gonna say)black goku and hit have english voice actors (dayum sean went from happy goku to ultimate edge lord)and lastly DAT CHALA REMIX THO"
,Recommended,454650,26536721,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,vaiku,Honestly a good gameHow to make it betterFix bugsFix crashing8.7/10 fix bugs
,Not Recommended,454650,28197758,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,My name is not important,"Tiny updateThis week (8/7/2017) the game feels a lot more stable, but I still see the good old issue of having 3 people in the same mission. Two people in the same game is very often stable, but when you get a third, you better be a gambling person, 'cause you will randomly lose connection.-----Quick little update.As of today (1/11/2017) the game is crashing basically at a rate of once per mission. This crash either sends me to desktop or freezes the game and forces me to use the task manager. Can I give this review a double no? This game is becoming too frustrating to play...-----This is a very fun game, with lots of skills that you can equip in order to become a fighter in the style that you like (within the game's parameters, of course)Even if you're not a dragon ball fan, the battles are fast and hectic. You can take advantage of a moment of confusion and turn the battle in your favor, or it can happen to you as well.HOWEVER(some spoilers about non-story gameplay)---------------list of complaints:-Servers seem to be♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lately I've been getting random disconnects, and the servers can just go down for no reason.-Lobbies are awful. They do not auto update, and if you pick a room and are forced back out, it won't send you to the lobby. It'll straight up take you out of the online ""questgiver"" and it'll save your progress. (yes. It sounds very petty, but after it did that to me throughout half a freaking hour, it got on my nerves.)-Guru's freaking funhouse. It's not a big part of the game (unless you're a Namek), but if you want to get the key item behind it, you can't do the same thing as with capsule corp or hercule's house. No. Guru's house happens one at a time, and you gotta do one or two missions inbetween.3 times. (One for unlocking your ability points' max, one for more wishes with shenron, and one for a key item.)Worst part is, it's only like 7 missions, which repeat over and over. I don't understand why not just make like 15, escalating in difficulty, and give the rewards in order of completion?-AFK lobbies. This is some players' fault. If someone creates a room and they leave their game, you can join by quickmatch and you'll be jolly well ♥♥♥♥ed, 'cause that game is going nowhere and you will have to search manually for matching games, which takes the system a while to do.-Friendly AI is trash. If you're getting hammered by an enemy and you have a friendly AI in your team, it'll just stand near you, watching you get the snot beaten out of. Enemy AI doesn't always have this issue, but friendly AI does.--(subpoint) Friendly AI won't help you while you're getting creamed by a long combo, but it WILL take over if you're trying to do one, so good luck with that fight you wanted to have. The AI will simply push the enemy out of range, so you won't even be able to land that ultimate you were saving up Ki for...-Disconnections during solo play. This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t has costed me progress more than once. It's infuriating and can happen at any moment.-Expert missions' artificial difficulty. There are two skills in particular that are infuriating. One of them is a delayed hitscan attack that targets everyone in the match, hovers around your character and eats about an entire bar of health. You get little warning to block, and if you're mid-skill, you can forget about your health.The other one is a giant ball of energy that shoots bouncing balls of energy. The projectiles bounce around randomly, break guard, drain stamina and deal massive damage. (In a raid, the shots have unlimited range, travel straight and deal a ton more damage)-Lag can sometimes get awful.-Missions sometimes can get bugged in the dumbest ways. Today alone, I had several enemies who either despawned or forgot to spawn, making my party and I wait upwards of 8 minutes simply to fail the mission.Expert missions are another can of worms. You will sometimes get the odd enemy that somehow makes it outside the level - or maybe YOU will get teleported away. Who knows?(This actually happened to me during an EM against cell. His gigantic ki blast hit me at the same time it spawned, so I was sent so far away that everyone looked clustered together.)(In a different instance, this time against kid buu, he spawned outside the area, but right next to us, so he kept trying to hit us, but was unable to reach us. We spammed him with ultimates and got a Z rank for it.)---------------Having said all that, I like the game. I simply cannot recommend it, tho, unless you know for sure what you're getting.Itt's a lot of fun, but the lack of care is just frustrating."
76561198043081594,Not Recommended,454650,28215677,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Rage° PsycoJester,"Great game super fun great upgrade from the first game but... there are many many bugs that need fixed the one I am currently having my self is that every time I want to play the game I need to completely disconnect my pc from the internet start the game and start single player, then reconncet to the internet and then i can go online. If i do not do this the game crashes every time. Please fix this."
76561198128757522,Recommended,454650,26260227,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,macjones321,to anyone saying you didn't get dlc you did it just isn't installed. go to your library rightclick on the game and click on the dlc tab. and activate the preorder.
,Recommended,454650,26258646,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Artoria Pendragon,best game ever#SaveDragonBallHistoryAgain10/10
,Recommended,454650,26259199,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,le soup,"This game is good. It's not great, it isn't bad, but its good. It heavily improves on combat from Xenoverse and the graphic improvements are barely noticibal but the expansion of the hub, aka Conton City, was great. It allows more freedom. I overall recommend this game, but if you didn't like Xenoverse 1, don't get this. Not much change."
76561198015110704,Recommended,454650,26259520,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lone Shepherd,Player: Guruu's HOUSE IS UNDER ATTACK!*finishes the Mission**GURUU's HOUSE IS UNDER ATTACK!Player: this seems familiar*goes to Guruu house**finishes all the mission*10 minutes later*GURuu's HOUSE IS UNDER ATTACK!Player: THAT'S IT*flies to GUruu house*Player: I HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥GURUU* Guruu takes off mask*Preston Garvey: YOU THINK YOU CAN ESCAPE FROM ANOTHER SETTLEMENT NEEDS YOUR HELP?~Fin~
,Recommended,454650,26259952,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheRedSquid,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse Fixed things in a good way. Firstly Its the Training To get the special moves with your instructors. So much esier on that. Every time At the school You can take a Test that can increase mow much your trainers can teach you. I'll leave it at that. I am about half way completing The Main story so far. I Like it to the point of carry on the first game and improving some of the elements of the game.Pros: Looks real niceLow end gaming pcs can run this game pretty wellThey Added In Tranformations Of the charecters you can play Majin,Frieza's Race, Super Sayian 3.Also The Servers Are Good To So you can connect to them comapaired to Xenoverse 1 on launch day.Con's:The main Story is a Little short if you are just wanting to beat it.Some Speaking Errors.Poor Word mouthing (which Makes It Funny)After all I played this game I Been Really enjoying it. I give this an 8.5 out of 10. That This game is fun and all but some things seem To be missing."
,Recommended,454650,26260299,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,dhildebrand1994,"really fun game at least at the beginning and really easy to pick up and play, but there are a few glitches one being part three of the knock back training does not work when having piccolo as an instructor. please fix bandai."
76561198057607779,Recommended,454650,26261721,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Katz,This is a very good game (SO FAR) don't let the negative reviews change your judgement :)
76561198093311963,Recommended,454650,26287168,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Damashi The Kaotic,"XV2 is a vastly supirior game to the first one, despite all the bugs and glitches."
76561198191467062,Not Recommended,454650,26471126,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝Enzo⎠⎞,This game is full of bugs and is almost unplayable (making this review while the boss just fell through the map and this is my 3rd retry) and many other issues. Not worth the money maybe if it was on sale i would consider buying this game. So the only complaint is. Fix Your♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,454650,26548855,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Super Monkey Ball 2,"straight improvement over dragonball xenoverse 1. theres a TON of different stuff to keep you occupied, sometimes even too much. definitely something more suited for 1-2 hour play sessions at the least.also you can get Majin Buu pregnant."
76561197970393825,Recommended,454650,26333288,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Equalizer,Basically this is Xenoverse 2.0Basically you should buy it!It's a good year to be a DBZ fan!
,Not Recommended,454650,26529700,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bopen,"Could someone help me, after the very first cutscene happend, theres a loading screen right? i have like 8 hours on the game. and i havent played once. it has been the game loading thats it. havent gotten plast the loading screen thus far. if anyone has a solution please, PLEASE tell it.i love dragon ball and i really wanted to get this a good review, but i cant yet, not untill this problem is solved."
,Recommended,454650,26549027,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MrAshLM,"It is definetly an improvement over the first game. Playing a strike based character doesn't feel no where near as punishing (Compared to Xenoverse 1's infinite Ultimate spam). Combat in general feels alot more fluid than the first (Granted I played the first one on PS4 so the FPS increase makes the game alot faster :D)I feel they should of changed the PQs up abit more because they are very similar if not the same in some cases.The story could of done with a bit of work, feels very similar to Xenoverse 1.As I DBZ fan I'd definetly reccomend the game. Probably not if you aren't a fan."
76561198151602199,Recommended,454650,26550929,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,OverlordTenshi,"This is THE game to play if you wish to live your lifelong dream to play a game where you have decent combat as your own character in the dragonball universe. This game is a really big upgrade from its predecessor and is hours of fun to run through the story and go for completion. The upgrades in it are actually upgrades and I love that they gave transformations to every one of the races so that you're not stuck with Kaio Ken if you chose a race thats not a Saiyan. The ability to go Super Saiyan 3 in this game is cool and I love the power pole plus for humans. I haven't tested Frieza Race's transformation, but I haven't heard bad things about going super Namekian yet. The one transformation I do have a disappointment in is the Majin transformation because it unfortunately didn't give any upgradest to the character I currently had.The combat in this game doesn't feel rough and is much smoother than the first game though there will be some infuriating moves that will always get you, but what game doesn't have them? The only other downside is that there are some gamebreaking glitches that exist with the expert missions. I haven't done them recently but they usually end up breaking for me. Other than the Majin transformation and the expert missions sucking at working I recommend this game. It gives you the ability to live the fantasy of living in the Dragonball Universe as your own character and works very smoothly."
76561198249929742,Recommended,454650,26562365,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ruupertti,"Very good game, but it has some bugs, including jumping out of the map and some cutscene effect bugs."
,Recommended,454650,26574559,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,J-Birdsprings,"All the reasons why this game is great and some of the bad things to even it out.Pros-1. It's not a port (PS4 and XBoxOne versions are ported, this is the true intent for the game from its natural creation through PC).2. It works3. It can go over 60fps depending on your rig (smooth as f*** boi)4. It looks SOOOOO good in highest settings5. Ranked isn't littered with capsule regen spammers6. Local and general player matches can be configured (To use capsules, evening stats, timer etc.)7. Possibilities to use Zamasu in later DLC8. More moves for endless strats9. Balls to the wall difficulty Ai (The f*** you mean it can make me look like a noob by double teaming me once it sees my health is low!!!?)10. Zamasu (Goku's body stolen) or Goku Black is available even if you miss 1st day pre-order. (He will be given later in dlc)11. Giant energy blasts are NO LONGER SLOW AS BALLS12. Cooler13. Possibilities of Vados being DLC!!!!<-F*** YEEEAH!14. Season Pass is actually worth it and doesn't feel like a scam (COD..cough)15. Super Saiyajin 3 CaCs (<-I'll just pop this here)16. Uub clothes, possible indication he'll be in dlc17. Sexy voices from the Japanese cast for CaCs18. Fying Nimbus-BOOM19. Rng isn't Satan anymore20. Grinding Ranked is a thing21. Burter ult nerfed to hell (haha serves them right)-Cons1. Beerus's beam breaks ALL your stamina as well as Whis'-BULL #Nerf2. Darker horizon island map (the one that looks eerie) is buggy3. Namek map is buggy on collect dragon balls missions. The bug makes some balls LITERALLY fall into the planet4. Justice Combination and the cancers abusing it's op dmg bull****5. Cancers who use regens in fight lobbies outside ranked. (There are unspoken rules to go by)6. It crashes sometimes out of nowhere ,plus when you try to close program once it does this-it locks the screen-meaning you have to force reset your pc. This only happens SOMETIMES, its gamebreaking and it IS annoying.7. PvP is damn near non existant on PC, so DO NOT BUY THIS FOR THAT VALUE!. If you want to fight ppl, buy it on the ports from console.-ConclusionIf you can avoid or not be a♥♥♥♥♥♥by the game and have fun. I you do however try to become a cancer to the fight lobbies y using Beerus's move or Justice Combination..."
76561198008643033,Recommended,454650,26469875,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,IM ANGRY MAN,If you drop the milk you shame Krillin.You do not shame Krillin.Do not drop the milk.
,Recommended,454650,26345814,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spook-Senpai,It's good.
76561198127069223,Recommended,454650,28128726,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,X,awesome game!
76561198215931931,Recommended,454650,35042323,Posted: 18 September,all,Pedro lopez,"This game is a big upgrade compared to Xenoverse 1. yes it has kinda the same storyline like X1 but it has a new world, you have loads of more parallel Quests, the DLC packs have more storylines for a small price and the game is just awesome when it comes to interacting with the Dragon Ball characters. The downside is that its very difficult to find a PVP match. If you are looking for PVP then this port isn't that great but if you are just looking for a good game to play and re-live Dragon Ball (like me) than this game is for you.Also: Those having an infinite connection problem there is a fix for that and is in the discussion page but here is is:GO TO STEAM---> SETINGS--->GO TO BETA AND CHANGE--> TO NONE---> Continue to Restart steam and open up the game. I found this from a very helpful mate on the discussions page."
76561197983360943,Recommended,454650,35018786,Posted: 17 September,all,Pvt. Joker,"Take everything you loved about the first game, and multiply it. Now, also take everything you didn't love about the first game, and multiply it. There's a lot that's done very well, and a lot that isn't. Overall it's a very fun game with lots of content, great graphics, and awesome gameplay... But the devs couldn't care less about updating, patching, bug fixing, etc. While I do still recommend the game to anyone considering it, it isn't perfect by any means. It also has a nasty habit of crashing after a certain number of missions it seems; roughly every hour or so. All progress is saved when it crashes at the end of the mission (at least it has been for me so far), it just requires you to restart the game. Give it a buy on sale, definitely do not pay full price for it. The devs haven't earned it."
,Recommended,454650,35233961,Posted: 26 September,all,AFarCryAway,Ever wanted to be inside Dragon Ball Z fighting with Goku?Well hate to break it to you but anime isn't real life.However this game is pretty darn close to that!
76561198070823302,Recommended,454650,35025804,Posted: 17 September,all,Shroom's The Spooky Mushroom,"Great game.It has alot of content including Costumes, Character's,Skills and even Vehicles.This game is also super fun with its fast combat and really cool story where you travel through time to fix errors in the timelines."
,Recommended,454650,26438349,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Darkfire,you beat up alot of dudes
,Recommended,454650,26310963,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ROAD ROLLER DA!!!!,"I can't even handle all the things available to do in the Hub World, so much good content it hurts.Milk deliveries tho"
76561198260148156,Not Recommended,454650,29538485,Posted: 28 January,all,FailsInSilence,"While I absolutely love this game It is simply not enough of a step up from Xenoverse 1 to recomend at its current price.-Storyline is extremely similar barring the last few missions, hell some missions are direct copies of their xenoverse 1 counterparts with 1 or 2 enemies added in.-PQs ALOT of these are reused from 1 which is outright lazy.-Ally AI went from useless to obnoxious as they now love to spam knockback attacks the moment your ultimate connects. This makes certain missions far more frustrating than they have any right to be.-Game crashes often during some PQs and Mentor training sessions usually right at the finish lineOnly buy this if you were a really big fan of the first game or if it is on sale for atleast 30% off, there have been massive improvements to the fighting mechanics but really paying full price for what is essentially Xenoverse 1.5 is not worth it.Edit: After playing some more PQs the higher range ones 90+ are no longer fun just tedious AI gets large damage resistances and massive health bars while the aforementioned ally ai spamming knockbacks makes these even worse.(took piccolo along and the jackass spammed his grab on Omega Shenron during PQ101 constantly throwing him out of my supers/ults and across 1/3 of the bloody map)"
76561198057768215,Recommended,454650,26348202,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hououin kyouma,"Really nice game ,Fun combos, fun story, fun character buildingtons of characters10/10"
,Recommended,454650,29853236,Posted: 11 February,all,Nightmare,Huge upgrade from the first one. The game is more stable then the reviews make it out to be. played 35+hours and only crashed maybe 3 times (running in windowed mode stopped all the crashes)overall g8 game 10/10 looking forward to a 3rd.
,Not Recommended,454650,28520222,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Senis,"1. Pvp still is a hack. Skill kicking me out constantly in 20 seconds.2. Expert rooms are posible and will be posible for a short time, but has ultimate lag."
,Recommended,454650,32513782,Posted: 17 June,all,Trubbish,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is definitely a step up from the first game, still pretty grindy in the end game to get to max level but all in all fun game and amazing CG cutscenes"
,Recommended,454650,31984234,Posted: 26 May,all,HighGraph | UltraSF,XENOVERSE 2 IS THE BEST
,Not Recommended,454650,28656120,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Koi,"it's got alot of things to do story which is excellent, you get to train under the characters of DBZ to learn there moves, and get to do raid quests but the online for this game is horrible and every time you start the game you get '' unable to connect to the servers starting in offline mode'' if they could finally fix that from the first game then maybe this game would be good"
,Recommended,454650,35036782,Posted: 17 September,all,Skootsy,"gokug the super man is at it again, this time he's dope as hell. nothing can stop him, not even god and he's a furry. can this totally tubular dude get any cooler? hell yeah! and that's what this game is about maybe, i didn't play it yet."
76561198372298536,Recommended,454650,35021306,Posted: 17 September,all,aw169mech,"I like the game, however it lags waaaaaaaaaaaayyyy to much on my computer. I'm not sure why it is doing this. Good game though."
,Recommended,454650,26454809,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DeeOne&Only,"I Just Wish More People Played Online, Almost Always Can't Find Anyone Unless In Endless Match"
76561198021757575,Recommended,454650,26260355,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,Its Fun Same Like The First One Can Do A Little Bit More!And Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥You Get A Hoover Bord To Float Around On!Game Is Fun Would Wait Till It Drops In Price More Before Buying!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26260130,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lamilto,Striking is still ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and I can't get my medals back for this useless dragon fist move.
,Recommended,454650,26261451,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Leggerrr,"Besides the Bandai shady stuff going on, this game is what the first one should of been plus some.The combat overhaul actually makes a difference. While it feels the same, there's different things to worry about (combos and teleports) and the spam is gone. It's a whole other game when you throw that into the mix.While there's only so much you can do with a Time Patroller story in the game (DBZ only has one linear story), they still managed to change it up with new and revamped villians. There are a few new times and locations which is great. Story missions you played often make returns, but they don't play like they did in the first one (for some it's entirely different, but same story).I feel the best addition lies in the fact that there's so much to do. There's never a time where you feel like you can't be doing something, and that's beyond the massive PQ grind. There's Elite Missions, Faction-themed groups and quests literally everywhere. Not to mention the time-gated events that only happen on weekends or periods throughout the day."
,Recommended,454650,26562868,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cooler,can recommend if you need balls
76561197990324133,Not Recommended,454650,27575060,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wyrd,"The short of it;As it stands now, I can't recommend this game at full price. ""Expert"" missions which are supposed to be end-game content are plagued with bugs that make them impossible to finish, as well as other key mission mechanics such as Dragon Balls spawning underneath the ground. These are apparently ""fixed"" each patch but continue to be there. I have also yet to ever actually JOIN a multi-player match either, I have to create my own room and hope it doesn't disconnect part-way through the mission.The slightly longer;The game runs very well and I've had zero issues graphically despite having a PC that is 5+ years old, though there are still issues with English dialogue not matching the text boxes. In one case, the audio of two parts of a characters dialogue were switched around so the subtitles were correct for the situation but the audio was incorrect. (Kai of Time during and after Beerus encounter) Having seen some footage of console gameplay, it appears the load times on PC are much better than console.Having not played the first Xenoverse, I can't comment myself on the similarities to the first game, but I will say that I did enjoy myself... at the beginning. Creating your own character is cool and unlocking the iconic moves and using them yourself is great fun. The nostalgia factor does wear off fairly quickly though, as you just kind of settle in to the same routine of punching out the combos on enemies with little regard for any particular ""strategy.""One thing I couldn't help but feel was that corners were cut, with things such as Cell's form after absorbing 17 being absent and SS4 Goku not making an actual appearance during the story. It also feels too convenient that despite fixing changes to the past, all the missions having you facing enemies in a chronological order to how they appeared in the show.Once there has been an actual concerted effort put behind fixing the bugs I will reconsider my (lack of) recommendation, but unless you're a die-hard fan of Dragon Ball or these sorts of fighters, I'd say wait for a price drop or to see the threads about the rampant issues disappear from the forums."
76561197972565661,Recommended,454650,31892602,Posted: 21 May,all,D_R3w,It's an awesome game.  For those thinking its the same game as the first; you're wrong.  It's everything the first should have been and then some.
,Recommended,454650,31890306,Posted: 21 May,all,Oda Nobunaga,"I find that this game is quite entertaining. It's got all the great aspects and storyline of the first game, but has a larger variety of characters and is, in fact, a lot better over all. First of all, you have way more options for character creation. Second of all, the masters' training is a lot easier. Third of all, it introduces Potential Unleashed and Super Saiyan 3 for your characters, as well as Giant Namekian, Golden Form, Power Pole Pro, and Super Buu. Last of all, the way your character plays a role in this game is great and it makes you feel as if you're part of the story. Also, it adds in a hero for you to either port in your character or your friend's character.9.5/10 because of certain frustration, though that mostly gets cancelled out."
,Not Recommended,454650,26574927,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,meme machine ミームマシン,"Having played and enjoyed XV1 I can't really recommend this title, especially if you've already played XV1. For the current price point it's not worth it.There have been some improvements from the first iteration, and gameplay is more fun.However, once you get past the rehashed story and do a few parallel quests, the content runs dry. The only thing left is the online play, which is extremely atrocious. They removed some of the stuff that made XV1 PvP bad, and kept in others or added in new stuff. Apparently we didn't even get the balance patch that was given to the consoles. Go figure. Add onto that the fact that the playerbase is low on PC, especially among those who actually participate in PvP, let alone the particular game mode you choose to play in. Bottom line, it's not fun past this point."
,Recommended,454650,26311162,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Zultrix,"Like the new story, and you can flying around the lobby noice!But it randomly crash alot of time..."
76561198015674922,Not Recommended,454650,26483588,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MUNGO,"Whoever designed the UI and the controlls for this game clearly has never touched another decent fighting game in their lives.- Most of the story is recycled.- Combos drop because the camera freaks the f out- The AI are terrible. And I mean the friendly AI. They fly around doing nothing until you start a decent combo, then they fly in just to screw it up. Then continue to be useless.- The hub teleporting is gross. Why do I have to teleport to a teleport to get to an npc that I want, and then do the same thing again to get back? why not just drop the teleport near the npc rather than some stupid floating island?- To party up with friends, you must talk to a desk (rather than just making the party system streamlined), then, once you and your friends complete a mission that you want, you have to leave the lobby, reselect a new mission, go back into the lobby and then proceed with that mission.... Its 2016. Make missions selectable from the god damn lobby..The second half of the story is somewhat decent. The combat in the game can feel epic and rewarding, but you come across some 1v3 missions where you spend most of your time getting stunlocked by stupid npcs.4/10."
76561198127255204,Not Recommended,454650,35505950,Posted: 5 October,all,shadowbeast316,"Don't buy this game.Mods were killed with the last patch. The game is bare bones, you can 100% game in a few days, leaving you with Single Player modded battles, since no one plays online and the events are unplayable. Until mods come back, which they wont, let this game die."
76561198039428831,Not Recommended,454650,30149170,Posted: 24 February,all,Wabbstarful,"Don't waste your money with the PC version. This game is full of bugs that the devs aren't bothering to fix, do yourself a favor and buy it for PS4"
,Recommended,454650,31868449,Posted: 20 May,all,Max's Dark Room,"Whereas Xenoverse 1 was a 6/10 for me, this game is a 6.5/10.Yes, it is better than the first game. No, that doesn't mean it doesn't share the problems of the first one.Some missions will still have you ♥♥♥♥in' bite the controller, and sometimes your allies are braindead.But hey it's Xenoverse, did you expect it to be perfect?"
76561198140712620,Recommended,454650,30971478,Posted: 5 April,all,KillerBeast,Love this game! its Great!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,33757765,Posted: 23 July,all,ASE,"dont know why, its online feature really laggy, even i try using high speed internet."
,Not Recommended,454650,32882755,Posted: 27 June,all,Kazzikus,This game isnt really that much of an improvement over the last one.
,Not Recommended,454650,26405436,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Teru,"Absolutely broken mess of a game.Tons of misinformation and false advertising.Game-breaking bugs, horrible optimisation,♥♥♥♥♥for days.I reviewed the first game pretty harshly in the hopes its issued would be fixed.Some of them were, in fact, a lot of them were.But this game introduces a million more, and it's not game balancing this time.It's just an unfinished, untested, broken crapshoot.I hope this gets fixed soon because I didn't preorder the ""deluxe version"" for premium trash, Dimps."
76561198121208434,Recommended,454650,26253531,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,BigzyMalone,I have 1problem with the game WHERE IS GOKU BLACK !!!!
,Recommended,454650,26263628,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lazor,"To make things short:- The game is good.- The developers suck and lied to the community.Would I still reccomend a purchase? Yes, because the game is good. Bandai Namco needs to seriously re-evaluate how they treat their customers though."
76561198033861816,Not Recommended,454650,26256567,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DaxterK,"I legit can't play the game 10 mintues without it crashing, and I end up losing all the progess I was working towards in that mission which is completely wasting my time. It can't be my computer because I have a GTX 1080 and 6600k i5, theres not a chance in hell. Don't buy, plain and simple."
,Not Recommended,454650,31860383,Posted: 20 May,all,Akiru,what a glitchy♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198193209087,Recommended,454650,30873597,Posted: 1 April,all,PlasmaPumpking,This Game was so entertaing that i spent over 50 hours on it
76561198042346848,Not Recommended,454650,35035017,Posted: 17 September,all,Undiscasy キング,"just create a new dbz budokai tenkaichi game, god damn.  i mean xenoverse 1/2 is not bad, but we all know the tenkaichi series was way better than this.also if you bought xenoverse 1 already, you dont really need xenoverse 2. it*s pretty much the same game (same story). just more characters and features. (features that already should've been in xenoverse 1 like flying in the city etc.)i only bought it, because it was on sale and i really wanted to play a new dragonball game before dragonball fighterz comes out.only worth to buy when it's on sale otherwise to expensive"
,Not Recommended,454650,26264363,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jotaro's Dumb Face,Pretty solid game so far but Bandai is worse than aids
,Not Recommended,454650,31834655,Posted: 18 May,all,Brogers,"Great game, solo gameplay is amazing, the multiplayer lags so hard you can hardly even play with mates..until they fix the lag issue...no point.UPDATE - I have had a bit of luck port forwarding my Modem to the actual xenoverse 2 ports, loading is actually 2x faster and I can now find heaps of people in game, the lag has reduced almost 50%, I can now play no lag with friends."
,Recommended,454650,31839274,Posted: 19 May,all,xXeRoXx,Everyone who used to watch DBZ as a child should play this game
,Not Recommended,454650,31250793,Posted: 19 April,all,Crudeowl,"A $50 patch for Dragon Ball Xenoverse. I loved it, but the vast majority of the game was a literal copy/paste, including story. I would recommend it to those who have not played or do not own the first game, do not worry on whether you miss anything or not because this games story is the same as before.[EDIT] Actually, I recommend the first game overall. The threat that progressed the plot felt so underwelming compared to the first game."
,Not Recommended,454650,35015561,Posted: 16 September,all,Old Slime,Connecting...
,Not Recommended,454650,26259662,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[S] Halide,"A larger hub world that you're forced to send far, far too much time screwing around in breaks all pacing and flow that Xenoverse 1 tentatively held on to.  Unlike Xenoverse 1, where you could quickly and seamlessly progress through the story, Xenoverse 2 leads you on a wild goose chase between chapters, throwing 'story mission' flags all over the place - some of which don't even lead to anything.  Confusing, befuddling and time-wasting, all while accompanied by hokey oom-pah music to salt the wound.The combat feels as graceless and unpredicable as the first, while the interface itself offers little improvement.  Just as in xenoverse 1, beam attacks are an unreliable gamble, projectiles fly in every direction, and melee combos refuse to lock on to your opponents.  The new additions to the combat system, while a welcome increase in mobility and continuing combos, don't seem to really respond as intended - at least, not in any way one could consider consistant.Little annoyances, like completely absurd lip-syncing and consistent misgendering of player characters, a lack of clothing options early on, and gameplay that somehow manages to be railroaded yet scatterbrained really brings this release down.  To make matters worse, the game fails to engage the player for very long at any given time, crutching heavily on dialogue scenes wherein two of the participants are utterly mute, and punting the player from the storyline back to the hair-pullingly obtuse hub world.  Topped off with a painfully slow set of tutorials utterly lacking in any weight, this game is slow to start, and utterly fails to raise the stakes in any appreciable manner.Oh, and there are - from what I can tell - four different gokus in the storyline.  Four.  FOUR gokus.  We've officially reached Knuckles, Knuckles & Knuckles, featuring Knuckles from Knuckles may Knuck territory.  Amazing.There was an opportunity for greatness here, and it's been laid low by a total lack of understanding of what fans were hoping for."
,Not Recommended,454650,35002797,Posted: 16 September,all,Boprino,"I was hyped to finaly get to play the 2nd xenoverse game but I was stuck on an ""infinite connecting"", I tried pretty much every fix I knew and found online. I knew I could play offline by disconnecting my cable or blocking the game from connecting, But for the price I would've liked to get all the game and I did not expect to have that much difficulty with. In the end I got a really fast refund. Ty Support!"
76561198103047071,Not Recommended,454650,28418886,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,freakyskull516,"316 hours of griting my teeth and dealing with the bugs poor design choice and a hell torrent of other problems waiting for a patch wasted. 70 dollars wasted. my sanity wasted. an xbox 306 controller wasted. my faith and dimps wasted. my faith in bandai namco wasted.poor offline and online hit detection, AI controlled character only I frames animation cancelling stats damage magnification animation speed up and slowdown animation priority verticle tracking impossible input speed repeditave unnessisary and intrusive mid battle cutscenes poor online connectivity poor preformance optimization and outright refusal from the devs to aknowledge that there are any problems to the extent that they delete forum threads the point them out.i want my money back. keep yours and never buy anything that has the names ""bandainamco"" or ""dimps"" ever again."
,Not Recommended,454650,28781929,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cococonoquoa,"Well, Here it is. What Xenoverse should have been upon release. Unfortunately there is nothing I want out of playing this game further than the few hours I have. It is Xenoverse. There is nothing else. They fixed Xenoverse and sold it to us for full price again. ♥♥♥♥ off Bandai Namco."
76561198126090737,Recommended,454650,26286625,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,nero-2012,I like you can take lesson with any teacher any time
,Recommended,454650,26445400,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dark Mazic,"XENOVERSE has so many things that I enjoy, and probably a lot of other people do too, but some things are pretty lame.As many people can tell there's always going to be something wrong with a game, and I'm not the type to go into detail and find out what's wrong. But I simply couldn't help that local co-op hasn't gotten much attention. The amount of characters you can play is phenomenal, and the impact and dynamics put into each and everyone one. But only 6 maps? Which is pretty lame because you can play a lot more in bot matches. Why not with local co-op? I do realize this game has 1 year to be worked on. But this game is really fun to me and I can't get away from the action and replay-ability! I almost beat it twice, and I will beat it more times over! Fighting system is better than ever, graphics are improved greatly, but enough rambling about this, I think I'll wrap this review up with some pros and cons...PROS:~Enhanced/Advanced Fighting System.~Updates confirmed for 1 year.~Graphics/FPS improved.~Improved voice acting.~Balanced fighting system.~Massive character roster.~A lot more maps.~More Storyline gameplay.~Improved Animations and Cut-scenes.~More Comedy.~More Character Customization.~Many possible downloadable mods.|ALL PRO'S AT THE PRESENT TIME|Cons:~Local Co-op didn't get much attention.~No difficulty change for bot mode.~Team AI is horrible.~No anti-cheat.|ALL CONS AT THE PRESENT TIME|"
76561198002124849,Not Recommended,454650,29905820,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"I love Xenoverse.I hate, hate, hate how shoddy Bandai-Namco's online support is. In 140 hours in XV1 and 40 hours in XV2, I have successfully completed maybe, MAYBE half a dozen total online sessions without disconnects and serious lag.Until they fix these horrible server issues, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,454650,26268843,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LY,"Dragonball Xenoverse 2.Broken♥♥♥♥♥game, this game is broken as ♥♥♥♥ this game was clearly overhyped as ♥♥♥♥, if ur new to this game you may enjoy it but if you have played the previous 1 your basically paying for a full priced game with 85% of the game same ♥♥♥♥ing story same PQ DLC CHARACTERS ARE WEAKER THAN UR ♥♥♥♥ING CHARACTER , combat has been slightly improved lots and LOTS OF BUGS ♥♥♥♥ING TONS AMOUNT OF BUGS NOT SURE IF U ♥♥♥♥ING WALKED INTO A BEE HIVE OR NOT end of story.TL;DR:      !!!!DO NOT BUY DELUXE EDITION , DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID BUY THE NORMAL 1 WAIT FOR A SEASON PASS , WAIT FOR A SALE u just saved ur self alot of money <3!!!!"
76561198174302833,Recommended,454650,30343395,Posted: 5 March,all,Lior,Everyone add me lets play  this game really enjoyable if you have time to spendand do mission for fun thats the right game for you
76561198278982928,Recommended,454650,30416795,Posted: 9 March,all,The_Great_Gorus,OMG best dbz game ever
,Recommended,454650,30479355,Posted: 12 March,all,Blue,Through the magic of mods you can play as a sexy blue chick who isn't wearing a scrap of clothing. Just wanna make that clear.
,Recommended,454650,30297596,Posted: 3 March,all,Ski Mask,Very nice Game
76561198123524354,Recommended,454650,28551601,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BerserkerW,great game !!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26277538,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Detective,"One of the ♥♥♥♥♥ier ports to PC in years, game drops button inputs, hit boxes don't always work, abilities fail to use. Ally AI♥♥♥♥♥♥there doing noting as they get attacked. None of these problems are on the console versions so why Bandia thought a late release and bug filled game is okay is beyond me, but they aren't getting anything further from me without an apology for this turd."
76561198073268469,Not Recommended,454650,26346737,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GrandMajora,"EDITED: Due to new changes made to the game with the recent patch / patches, it seems I have had to alter the content of my review.NOT AS ADVERTISED!!""Outcomes you wish were different"" is what we were all hyped about during the promotional trailer, and unfortunately, we got to see none of it with the official release of the game.  The only time you get even a hint of being able to alter history is with the bonus story unlocked after completing the main game, and even then, it's only two missions long and we don't get to see the outcome of what we've changed. Instead, the game hints at the possibility of these changes being further explored with upcoming DLC.Does that mean that Xenoverse 2 is a bad game?-------------------------------Well, it's not terrible, but it's also not fresh, either. Once you strip away the hype, you realized that Xenoverse 2 is nothing more than an upgrade to Xenoverse 1. It's the way the game should have been from the start, or at least that's how it was during the initial release. But now, it seems like the game is going back to its original flaws.Practically every racial transformation with the exception of Saiyans has been so heavily nerfed that they are practically worthless.The Giant Nameks were nerfed to laughably pathetic degrees because some players complained they were too strong. Now, the transformation moves at a snail's pace (hah), and burns off your stamina bar within seconds of activating it. And without stamina, you can't dodge or block. It's basically a giant waste of time that hinders you more than it helps.Majin Purification is also a massive stamina dump, AND it turns you into a carbon copy of Kid Buu. Seriously, you don't get to keep any of your skills, you get an exact copy of Kid Buu's. So if you aren't built as a Ki Blast specialist, you're going to find the transformation extremely weak.The Turn Golden of the Frieza Race has been stripped of its speed boost (you know, the thing that made it useful) in favor of a basic ki blast upgrade (not, supers, just the basic). Unfortunately this upgrade has no auto tracking on it and is designed to be attached to a combo chain. So unless you're trained in the art of lengthy combos (i.e, a hard core gamer), you aren't going to find much use for this transformation which you won't even unlock until after the Buu saga, due to its high level requirement!The human transformation is garbage. You can actually be knocked off the Flying Nimbus after just a few basic hits. Once again, it's a transformation that requires you to be a hard core gamer, because casual players won't be skilled enough to masterfully dodge all the enemy's attacks while laying down their own.In other words, the thing that we all complained about from day one, Saiyan favoritism, is back in force. Every other racial transformation in the game is worthless, and not only that, but Saiyans have gotten EVEN MORE transformations this time around.Super Saiyan now goes up to Super Saiyan 3, while Super Vegeta still goes up to Super Saiyan 2 level. But that's not all, because they also unlock FUTURE SUPER SAIYAN, which only goes up to rank 1, but can charge Ki faster than all the other forms.And if that wasn't enough of a middle finger to non saiyan players, they've been dropping subtle hints throughout the game that future DLC will allow players to unlock the various forms of Super Saiyan God.Nice job, Dimps, you've completely missed the point of why we wanted transformations in the first place!---------------------------------------------And as for those 6 man raid quests (expert missions), they are currently bugged to the point of being literally impossible to complete. Expert bosses have a common glitch in which they will teleport outside the invisible walls of the map, becoming completely impervious to harm. Meanwhile, they will spend the rest of the fight bombarding you with Ki blasts until either your whole team gets wiped out, quits, or the timer runs out.This needs to be fixed IMMEDIATELY!----------------------------------------------------As I mentioned in my original review, Xenoverse 2 tries to upgrade Xenoverse 1, but does not add anything new to the game to make itself stand out. Roughly half of the 100 PQ's are ripped straight from Xenoverse 1, except they've added some extra enemies or power ups in an effort to make the fight seem harder.Even the main story, if you pay attention to it, has almost the exact same plot as Xenoverse 1 (minus Demigra). The only difference being movie villains are sprinkled throughout the time line to aid the saga villains. And none of the heroes seem to have any memory of the Time Patrol's existence. Including Goku, who actually met the Time Patrol during the previous game.--------------------------------------Initially, I gave Xenoverse 2 a supporting thumbs up. But now that the hype has died down, and I've noticed the glaring flaws, the racially biased gameplay, and the lack of creativity this time around, I have to change my support to a disapproval.Don't pay full price for a shinier new version of Xenoverse 1. Wait until this game goes on sale before you spend money on it."
76561198113984742,Recommended,454650,26767827,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danta69,Kio----what?
,Recommended,454650,26394634,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,kipler,"This is a fun game for fight mans.I am big BIG fan of fight mans like Goku and Vigita. You can fight as them in this video game! You can even make your own fighting man to fight other players around the world in fights at your favorite fighting location. The story in this fighting man game is very nice because you get to play as your own fighting man that you created and go join your favorite others like Gohon and Trunk in their fights from the cartoon that I watched but it doesn't happen the exact same way because now you are there to help them.The fight is fast and you punch with speeds that are really fast and there hurt really bad! There are also big, brighter lazer that you can shoot or small, many lazer you can shoot and hurt the other man. But if you don't want to, you can just punch instead of lazer.Over all, I would recommend this video game for anyone who know of Goku and his best friends who fight each other and like them. It is very punchy and kicking that is FUN!"
,Recommended,454650,27546771,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,big doinks,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, the intensity of it makes me ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,454650,30408114,Posted: 9 March,all,✪ Techno,:D
76561198124735735,Recommended,454650,28282499,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dragozillion,Very amazing game an improvment of the first. lots of fun
,Not Recommended,454650,30514566,Posted: 14 March,all,Unjudged_Shadow,"Dragon Ball Z and Crash Bandicoot AND Spyro have been my favourite games ALL my life.I always sat on the couch and played on the first xbox.. Good times man.I played a couple of Dragon Ball Z games and honestly i loved every single one-Raging Blast 2-Battle of gods-Xenoverse 1-Xenoverse 2 (obvs)I loved Xenoverse 1, my reason being is because it had great story mode, great idea for a game with a customisable character and such and multiplayer co-op story and pvp.Sadly for Xenoverse 2.. i find it just a rip off, off the first one. I would absoulutely LOVE to give this a good response but im going to have to give a.. mixed rating??P.S i ♥♥♥♥ing love DBZ"
,Not Recommended,454650,30027475,Posted: 18 February,all,Musica,"I may be publishing a video fully explaining the issues of this game what you need to know is that 90% of the gameplay issues in this game are a result of over nerfing Ki and turning PvP more into street fighter and Tekken.I do not recommend this game, I recommend XenoVerse 1, it's clunky but is honestly better balanced to suit the anime it's portraying."
,Recommended,454650,31027886,Posted: 8 April,all,galactic emperor gerald,"It took me exactly 24 hours to beat this game and spend a billion dollars on food for buu, and i can verify all 24 hours were worth it.10/10(not buying the dlc though)"
76561198375768537,Recommended,454650,30892005,Posted: 1 April,all,jdwess1535,"FRICK YOU WHY ISNT THIS GAME WORKING THIS DAMN GAME KEEPS GLITCHING WITH SHADERS 5.O OR GRAPHICS CARD REQUIRED WHY, PLZ FIX IT I FEEL LIKE I WASTED ALL MY MONEY."
,Recommended,454650,28451799,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Natsu Dragneel,"So this game is amazing and I have no words. But It has a ton of Bugs one of which (and the most annoying) is the Giant enerfy ball in expert missions going out-of-bounds and always doing the most damage. But the game is worth picking up with all the characters comingg it will be amazing. Oh, and one thing never expect not getting cheaters in PvP."
,Not Recommended,454650,28718939,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Red Dick,"It's crashing, online server's aren't available, your profile gets randomly deleted, it's crashing sometimes your pc."
,Not Recommended,454650,28843890,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SoLonely,The controller Should be more optimizeable
,Recommended,454650,26345316,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Michael J. Fox,Way better than the last game in terms of gameplay!
76561198297670923,Recommended,454650,26339899,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FareL,amazing... ??
76561198152596233,Recommended,454650,31087898,Posted: 11 April,all,Arachnoslayer,This game never got old for when I played it very often though I don't pvp the gameplay never stops entertaining!
,Recommended,454650,30222766,Posted: 27 February,all,DomePB,The Best ♥♥♥♥ing Game in the world. If you like fighting Games or Dragonball this is must have. FFS Buy it
76561198197438609,Recommended,454650,26505919,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Boi!,If you like Xenoverse 1 get 2. Its good game.
,Recommended,454650,30195129,Posted: 26 February,all,Yousef,the best game for dragonball fans
76561198108919110,Recommended,454650,30245405,Posted: 28 February,all,"Ryu ""Respect Da Process""",Kaka - Carrot- CArmen - Electra.....
,Recommended,454650,26517052,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sekaichi,Yamcha got a standalone power up transformation character slotGot rekt by him9001/9001 would got rekt again
76561198022036930,Recommended,454650,26352476,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ReginHowl,"Xenoverse 2 will make you feel like xenoverse 1  incomplete or a prototype.At first, it felt like xeno1, but as you play and progress further, the new features are in many variety and fun, which might feel a bit overwhelming at first especially if you are coming from xeno1 (which xeno1 feels lacking and a chore).I felt disappointed with the lack of new characters and most characters filling the character slots are ""evil versions"" of them, but it might be due to Dimps putting most of its resources on the single player experience and its combat. Lots of fun things  to do and doesn't make you feel like doing a chore, i expected less before its release, but it was better than  i expected. It would also be great if there is a channel list for which multilobby you are currently in, which will make your friends easier to find.The more you play, the more hook you get, especially on its story mode. The immersion will be amplified if you played xeno1 and transfered your 1st character.As for issues or felt lacking i've experience, some plotlines such as concept of timeline might feel out of place due to  Dragon ball super's take on timeline and xenoverse are different as xenoverse's storyline & development ha started earlier before DBS' revelation of timeline concept(DBS Future Trunks Arc). Also some scenes or prelude to battle could have more dialogue as it felt lacking at times.Also it would be great if there is a preview of item in the store before buying it and it would be great if you can view the information of each item to be rewarded on Parallel Quest.The camera also need improvement especially on local battle.The multiplayer still has the same issues as the first one, latency issues and most can't find rooms. I wish we could have a dedicated server even just for PQ. Cons of peer to peer is mostly due to  strict NAT connection especially on wireless modem from isp.The AI has improved a lot, and also grabs an ape's tail in expert mission, but still act dumb at times especially when trying to resurrect someone.This game currently have some bugs/technical but will be probably patched soon, so far, i have never experienced a gamebreaking glitch.If you are a Dragon ball fan & wants to immerse  yourself to be part of db universe, i highly recommend this! This is no longer just a fighting game, its also a true dragon ball rpg that can be both enjoyed by casual and competitive players.Also very rewarding for Future gohan & Bardock fans!"
76561198137433802,Recommended,454650,26878822,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xx_JosephStalin_Xx,Very nice
76561198057620158,Recommended,454650,30214351,Posted: 26 February,all,MortalKiller,Good gam
,Recommended,454650,27062562,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rusty Silver,"this game is amazingthere are a few minor bugs but this can be overlooked as the devs are still updating the game.there is so much to do,storyline pq's and side missions in hub world.there are constantly features i find that i never realised existed and this game has already given me my 49.99 worth.happy wishing(with dragon balls)"
76561198041234249,Recommended,454650,28953959,Posted: 2 January,all,Corrupted Blade,-Joins multiplayer lobby-Disconnected from lobbydragonball xenoverse 2 has stopped working
,Recommended,454650,29659094,Posted: 2 February,all,ChainBoy345,this game has a very good open world mode and the battles are gorgeos
76561198283273743,Recommended,454650,29687404,Posted: 4 February,all,Toby Maguire,HOnestly this is a pretty good game I just have a giant ♥♥♥♥ing issue with the combat system. It is way harder to grappple opponents in this then the previous game it's practicallt impossible for me. If you had a controller it would probably be easier. Also the key combination is not working properly sometimes it does not register especially in the goddamn challenges The last bit where you have to combo is almost impossible.
,Recommended,454650,31379723,Posted: 26 April,all,Pigeon Studios,its very good
,Recommended,454650,28006886,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RandomWizard,Best dragonball game yet.
76561198286750646,Recommended,454650,28260521,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,NiZaNaRuTo,LOVE THIS GAMETHE STORY AMAZINGTHE PQ AMAZINGBUT YHE MULTIPLAYER NOT GOOD
,Recommended,454650,31837421,Posted: 19 May,all,Jew Gates,"Love this game! Loved the first one and this one! Im glad i got it when it was on sale! Fantastic game! I dont do this much but ima put some pros and cons.Pros-Good Graphics-Alot of races to choose from!-The mods u can get are cool af!!!-Improvments from the first game!-ETC.ConsCant really say any cons because its a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game but thier is 1!-If u run on a lower intel core like i3 like me but have a 4 gb ram... then youll be good on running this game, Just some lag spikes here and thier when in lobby! :P"
76561198214592032,Not Recommended,454650,28799535,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,phillipshead,"Overall, I have to say no to this one. Not what you'd expect from a sequel, Xenoverse 2 is almost *exactly* the same as its predecessor. Same premise, same story, same setup, same UI, same combat, same music (in some cases), it seems like only the city hub has changed, along with some minor graphical improvements. Pros/cons are at face value, rant is below.PROS:* Combat is fun and fluid, if button-mashy. Being the heart of this game, this is where it shines, most of the time.* Flashy cutscenes.* Creating and customizing your own character never goes out of style.* 60fps! The main (and arguably only) improvement from the previous 30fps lock.NEUTRAL:* Voice acting doesn't always match subtitles. In and of itself this is no big deal, but is a glaring red flag of laziness and rushed development.* Voice acting is sometimes... oddly unenthused.CONS:* Load times are once again rather slow, even installed on my SSD. Disappointing.* Volume of some voices seems to occasionally be higher than normal. This is most noticeable (and the worst) with Grand Kai of Time's high-pitched anime-girl squealy voice that can make nails on a chalkboard sound like a pleasant alternative.* City hub. Everything about it.*** Vehicle controls are wonky.*** Music sounds like a carnival parade, reminiscent of Final Fantasy's Gold Saucer, and is on a short loop. Xenoverse suffered the same issue with the city hub music. This is two steps backward.*** The lack of a zoom-out option for the camera. This is a game-wide ""feature"" but is particularly annoying in the hub. Tip: when building your character, rotate him facing away from you. Make sure you like the back of his head. You'll be seeing a lot of it.*** Your character's movement snaps jankily when changing direction and feels very, very unpolished. Really, hold movement forward and jiggle the stick left and right. It's hilariously bad looking.THE BIGGEST CON OF ALL THAT DESERVES A POINT IN ITSELF:*****THIS IS THE SAME GAME AS THE FIRST XENOVERSE.*****If you've already played the first game, playing this is like watching a rerun, with the exact same online problems on release to boot. And this is why I cannot, by any stretch of the imagination, recommend this to anyone. If you want the exact same experience, with actually-functional online gameplay, go play the first game for a fraction of the price. I cannot stress this particular opinion enough: this game should never have come out. Ever. This was a monumental waste of time and a VERY insulting attempt to squeeze more money out of the franchise. Rather, this team should have spent time fixing and updating the first Xenoverse. This new city hub could have just as easily been DLC or something. Or just never have existed to begin with. Why make a whole new game, at full price, that's basically the same game as before with the relatively minor additions everyone was asking for? We just wanted transformations for all races and for Saiyan spam to be gone--okay, done. But we have to pay FULL RETAIL for it? These changes could have just been patched in to a game that already *has* its online functionality working. And now you're going to run the same game on different servers? What the hell, guys? Who thought this up?What really triggered me though is the fact that even the UI is the exact same. Music, character select, title screen, everything is IDENTICAL. Considering the rest of the game is identical already, they couldn't at least be bothered to make it *seem* like it's not identical by sprucing up the UI a little bit?""Surely,"" I thought, ""there must be some redeemable qualities to this game."" And there would be, were it not for the fact that it's literally been done before. I'll admit to taking some insult to this title, as if it's saying right to my face ""you're going to buy this just because you like Dragon Ball.""No. No, no, no. Instant Transmission away from this trainwreck. Gather the Dragon Balls and wish this ""sequel"" out of existence. Take a time scroll back to the devs' office and give them an Ultimate Finish. But whatever you do, don't give them money for copy-pasting with minimal, if any, polish, and worst of all, pushing what is effectively the SAME GAME to a DIFFERENT SERVER; this is a business practice in the gaming industry that NEEDS to be stamped out.And y'know, what really, really kills me, is that this game could have been really cool. Xenoverse could be a launching pad for some very interesting storylines but ultimately falls flat.This is the way the Xenoverse ends: not with a bang, but a whimper."
76561198330119743,Recommended,454650,28512240,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,YTTheLegendOfSonic,"good game but servers could use some help and the db super dlc should of been in the base game from the start, the fact you have to pay £6 is idiotic"
76561198222332680,Recommended,454650,26277526,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nox Tenebris,"If you liked the first one, you will love the second.If you didn't play the first one, you will love the second.If you love the dragon ball franchise, you will love the second.If you don't care for the dragon ball franchise, you shouldn't be reading this review."
76561197989751377,Not Recommended,454650,26972813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DraculaCronqvist,"The differences to Xenoverse 1 are not big - which is par the course for Dragonball games, but this game gives us nothing a DLC for the first game would not have done, too. After promising that XV1 would entertain players for years to come, a release of XV2 so shortly after the first game is a blatant breaking of that promise. What we get with this game is a few more characters, a few more attacks and slightly updated graphics. The story, while a continuation of the first games storyline, is weak like that of it's predecessor and not enough to even keep hardcore fans of Dragonball such as myself entertained. New combos that are introduced are not practical at all and worthless in a real fight - padding that changes nothing and will never be used by any player outside of tutorials.However, all of this, all of it, could be forgiven by a hardcore fan, if not for the most glaring problem of all - bugs. This game is a very poor PC port and it amounts to nothing but a disaster. Even after a month of bug-fixes, the game is still as much of a beta-release as it was a month before. The support for this game is abominable and instead of fixing bugs that make the game borderline unplayable, both offline and online, new bugs are introduced which make the situation even worse.Even as a die-hard fan, this game comes with a price that is not worth it in any way. Even *IF* the bugs were to be fixed, it brings nothing new to the table and should only be bought if either you do not own Xenoverse 1 or can get this game at a bargain. But as it stands, with all the bugs, this game is not worth the disk space it requires, nor the price, nor hardly the time it took to write this review. Can not recommend. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,454650,27451385,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheAsianblu,"3/5 - The review that'll help you decide if you want this gameA 3/5 review is a given for any game. It's the basics. I mean seriously... graphics/sounds/story. It looks cool, sounds cool, and its dragonball. It's automatic ratings for these categories. However it failed in the 2 major areas of replay-ability and gameplay, which are huge elements for all games, thus getting a negative review.1. Graphics - 1/1 - It looks just like the XV1 and it doesn't disappoint with the flashy cutscenes. Definitely feels a smoother in some areas and I love the new city.2. Gameplay - 0/1 - Seriously? Why is this game always full of bugs? Crashing out of servers, crashing out of PQs, glitching when I'm pinned on a mountain causing the screen to spazz out, rifts bugs are over 9000!, and I'm sick and tired of Guru getting attacked (I just don't have the heart to ignore it).3. Story - 1/1 - Nostalgia. Need I say more? Yes? It is the #1 reason why I purchased the game and it didn't fail. Typical DB humor and plot with time change twists just like in XV1. Plus With the release of DB Super I'm always giddy about the future DLCs.4. Sound - 1/1 - Not much to say. Everything is spot on. Even when it's bugging out the sounds matches what's happening. (LOL)5. Replay value - 0/1 - I always come back to this game so why did I give it a 0/1? The bugs are just a headache. In XV1 I'd grind for hours and join others to work on PQs. This time it's just a masochistic headache. After spamming for groups and having it fall apart due to d/c's and glitches? It makes my heart cry.XV1 vs XV2 - It's new and I did enjoy it. I definitely like the changes also. However there are issues with some of the changes. I have to redo the entire storymode for every new character? (cringe/cry). No more super spam? I'm fine with that. However I believe it should be reduced Ki consumption for Saiyans. Some moves I would love to use, however they are utterly worthless. What's the point in stopping time if you can't hit them without enough 'time'?Closing opinion - This is a great solo game. Especially if you are a DB fan and have played XV1. Great new features, new skills, and nostalgic story. However... If you are looking for a refined game that doesn't make you cringe or throw your controller... Stay away. You have friends? Have fun with that (sarcasm). I can't recommend this game under those circumstances. It just has too many issues in areas that they shouldn't have in terms of what was expected from them, espeically for a second generation title launch (online, rifting, support). Hope this review helps you decide."
76561198168939601,Not Recommended,454650,29143795,Posted: 9 January,all,mentalgearedsnake,"Since this is a sequel to the super armored, kii blast super spam of a beta that was Dragon Ball Xenoverse, this will be a direct comparison.PROS:- Combat FOR THE MOST PART (not entirely.. more on that later) is better with the removal of super armor from enemy bosses, balancing of the super saiyan transformation, addition of dash boost, and better tracking for SOME supers especially when performed after a combo.- Ability to fly or teleport around the main hub.- Meeting objectives in parallel quests now guarantees that you proceed to the next phase.- Badass transformations for every race, except that cringeworthy flying nimbus.CONS:- Grinding for that one skill or piece of gear for the 5th time onwards is just disrespectful of your time.- You'll encounter max leveled time patrollers which can be tedious or even impossible to beat very early into the game.- The level of assets recycling/laziness done here is at par with monster hunter games. From character banter, stages, even some parallel quests to name a few.- Samey and very lacking visual character customization as with the first game.- Great apes are still dumb- AI allies are still dumb and not fun to play with.- Fighting multiple aggressive and semi competent enemies at the same time by yourself or even with your dumb AI allies around just doesn't work as with the first game.- Enemy entrances/cutscenes still interrupt the flow of battle. Imagine yourself just about to perform a super to finish your combo, then the cutscene plays and you find your kii meter consumed without damage dealt to your target.- Execution of quests has become annoying as ever. The structure is mostly like this, especially on story mission - you fight for a bit, enemy stops taking damage, you wait for the dialogue to finish then a cutscene plays, position and character transformation is reset, fight for a bit, cutscene, position and transformation is reset, fight until you finish!!! clear!!!- The camera ang targetting system often fails to catch up with the combat.- Dozens of useless/situational skills to choose from as with the first game.- You need to unlock playable characters again when creating a new character.- Expert missions were fun until you encounter Omega Shenron that has SUPER/GODLY/PERFECT/THE-MATRIX-like evade - the inglorious basturd of a replacement to SUPER ARMOR which makes the bosses immune to normal attacks.- Raids are no different than the latter expert missions where the key objective is to SPAM SPAM SPAM as much supers you can until you or the boss dies.If you loved the first xenoverse like a hard core fanboy of the series, you'll definitely love this!If you're willing to overlook the flaws of expert missions and raids and haven't played the first xenoverse, may as well skip that and give this one a try.Overall this is pretty much the same game as the first xenoverse with some improvements. I would have enjoyed this better if the expert missions and raids were not so broken and mind numbingly repetitive. The bad experience I got from that is enough to recommend this with thumbs pointing down."
,Not Recommended,454650,29136671,Posted: 9 January,all,Cloud73,Fix the netcode. It's currently impossible to play with my friends online.
,Not Recommended,454650,28902149,Posted: 1 January,all,MASSER,"i refuse to play this game until there is a major update.i bought this game thinking that it would be as good as xeno 1 or better, but i can't even get passed the first mission with raditz because the game just crashses every single time. i keep on trying different things but it just doesn't work. might as well get a ps4 then get the game for that. at least it will work."
76561198313618824,Recommended,454650,29626243,Posted: 1 February,all,BurningIce,"This game is great. This game is super fun, and will last you hundreds of hours! I do not care what the ungrateful DBZ fans say, but this game is incredible, and you HAVE to get this game if you like Dragon Ball. Eleven out of Ten."
76561198061156925,Recommended,454650,32285836,Posted: 9 June,all,Ironspider2k,If you like dragon ball you will love this game
,Recommended,454650,30305333,Posted: 3 March,all,shinyblue,"Amazing, I recommend for anyone who likes fighting games and anime"
,Recommended,454650,26618664,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Prewns,"Many problems of the first installment have been remedied. For example, there is much more to do, with side quests throughout the main game alongside the usual PQs and Story. You may find, however, that due to the nature of this series and it's RPG elements, doing all of the side material before finishing the story makes it ridiculously easy as you can become the max level, 80, well before you reach the end of the story if you do every PQ/Side Quest/Master as you go.This isn't to say it isn't appreciated however, XV 1 was devoid of much to do outside of PQs and Story and although there isn't much drastically different here, things such as expert missions and the separate areas with their own quest lines help make XV2 feel a lot more fleshed out.There is repeated content here, a lot of the PQs are very similar or identical to those in the first game, but the story is new  and while not being inspired in terms of writing, at least manages to put you into most of the important fights DBZ fans would want to play.The Gameplay itself doesn't differ drastically from XV1 but overall feels tighter and easier to control. Less often do i find myself questioning the game's mechanics for a loss, rather my own mistakes. As a non-competitive player i cannot really comment on the netcode or how high level battles go in too much depth, but certainly steps have been made to improve the 1v1 experience since XV1.Whether the full price of the game is justified is a tricky question, as there is a lot of content you will find familiar, but i personally think there is enough new here and if you enjoyed the first game this is undoubtedly an improvement."
76561198196193222,Not Recommended,454650,26692820,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,alessandro.carta,if you live in europe do not buy thid game
,Not Recommended,454650,27784744,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KingSlayer42,"This is Dragonball Xenoverse 1 repackaged. The only real difference is that the terrible design decision are in different places. They remove super armor then add terrible broken bosses. They try to balance the combat then make some moves completely unusable. They try to make saiyan not so broken, but then cause namakian to become the strongest race.While the it is improved from Xenoverse 1. It is still not a good game.I still had fun playing, but this game will probably die out within the year."
76561197984765995,Not Recommended,454650,26698060,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Silent Griever,"From playthroughs I have seen on console, this is basically a more polished Xenoverse 1 with more bells and whistles, however if you are a potential buyer on PC, don't. There is a massive community thread with a laundry list of gamebreaking bugs in the game right now, with no release date for the major patch that has been scheduled to fix them. I can't even play the game myself, because of constant crashes, 0 controller support, and never even making it passed the loading screens. Control pad settings always revert, all actions bound to the Up D-pad key, it's just a massive mess.In its current state I cannot recommend it. Granted not EVERYONE has my problems, but they are widespread enough that Namco-Bandai has addressed them personally, so at best, my review is do not buy it until patch !.0.3 comes out. That patch for PC is supposed to fix the majority of the problems with the technical aspect. As for the gameplay, I can't comment because I have literally played only the Raditz mission, before it crashed and I could no longer get back into the game."
,Recommended,454650,26719019,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Aeragon,A connection error has ocurred
76561198055712847,Not Recommended,454650,26749874,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dumbass,I love this game so much but i have the sseason pass and says i have dlc but i dont have any sign of black goku anywhere :(
,Not Recommended,454650,28127926,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SureYouCan,"storys boring, game is glitchy as all hell, loading screens take forever, servers are always down.."
,Recommended,454650,28304756,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Megu,"Keep in mind with this review I have not even touched expert quests or whatever they are yet, or raid quests. So once I hit those I may update the review. Maybe.It's not as bad as people make it out to be. Personally I've been having a good time. I even managed to play with a friend with no problems or random disconnects. I think I've experienced two crashes, one on startup and one after finishing a mentor quest (which luckily didn't really make me mad because autosave).Yeah it's pretty similar to Xenoverse 1 as far as gameplay, so if you are expecting something radically different you won't find it here. I can feel the improvements in combat though, everything feels smoother.No more RNG for getting mentors, they are all scattered around the city which is a nice addition.With QQ bangs now we can finally live the dream of wearing things for cosmetic purposes.Ultimately if you didn't like 1 you won't like this, but I personally like it,But again, probably shouldn't trust me, my gametime is pretty short.12/15/2016Alright, so online is pretty much dead, I mean you will not find any rooms, highly advise finding a group to play with.I have had one problem with the expert mission giant ki blast where it went out of bounds, not too gamebreaking since one can just use Ki attacks to take it out or whatever.Can't say I have had any random crashes while playing.Having a good time so far, my only problem is that body change can only be used for PvP still."
76561198063472253,Recommended,454650,32240849,Posted: 7 June,all,Critical,"This game is amazing, playing through the entire dragonball storyline as a custom character has always been a deram to me. The multiplayer could use a little work with connnection issues and what not but other than that this game is 10/10 lit."
,Recommended,454650,26301805,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TartanGoregon,i hope you like broken missions
76561198197899943,Recommended,454650,29526938,Posted: 27 January,all,assteroid,This is a great game.
,Recommended,454650,32382247,Posted: 12 June,all,Supreme Bo7ssin,i liked the game but it kinda need more tranforming for other races
,Recommended,454650,31911680,Posted: 22 May,all,NIN420,"This game is awesome, its like rock, paper, scissor, rope, rubberband, chainsaw, sponge."
,Recommended,454650,32356530,Posted: 11 June,all,Cooly23,"This is a very nice game for any DBZ fanhowever, online is mostly dead, but you can mod the gameso i rate 8/10"
,Recommended,454650,32047011,Posted: 29 May,all,Ichigo Media (J Brant),Best Dragon Ball game ever!!!
,Recommended,454650,32240628,Posted: 7 June,all,Computer got computer nae naed,this is good game
76561198043321215,Recommended,454650,32118483,Posted: 1 June,all,jmillious1997,"Great game. Other than the completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI when you play alone and the absolutely horrible multiplayer ""experience"" if you can even call it that. want to play with someone farther than 100 miles away from you? well there is a connection error TOO BAD."
,Not Recommended,454650,28653234,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Anodyne,"Its hard to explain... just not fun to play.Its a lot of good parts that are, for lack of better way to say it, slapped together. What comes out is a game that seems great on paper but... lame to play. Even with some of the best fighting game KeyBoard and mouse controls in history.(Props where props are owed):5/10If you like Dragonball you will probably love this game. Otherwise... it just doesnt float well."
,Not Recommended,454650,28695124,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Eclipse,game is funbut isn't after you finish story modeeverything gets boring after that.
76561198069545949,Not Recommended,454650,28602506,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Brother,The developers do not care about the customers on PC..Til now there's no fix for the unreasonable crashes
,Recommended,454650,32724245,Posted: 24 June,all,Shabooboo-csgoroll.com,This game is so fun to play if you like dragon ball but still is fun to play if you just want a fighting game.
,Not Recommended,454650,32402122,Posted: 13 June,all,Exploding Chickens,It's a nice game for a while. Gets really boring later on.  Not much different from 1 tho. Not worth $80. Wait for sale.
,Recommended,454650,32882506,Posted: 27 June,all,The Black Swordsman,lol im writing this for free stickers
76561198154541450,Recommended,454650,26598353,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SoulReaperV3,"Awesome game, big improvement from Xenoverse 1"
76561198318310128,Recommended,454650,32792725,Posted: 25 June,all,mzgty05,is this nuts or is it a windows 10 error? every like 1-2 hours of contunied gameplay stop after my keybord randomly opens a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥it couldnt do before like usend wasd to open cortana the main menu and♥♥♥♥♥♥and this has only happened with this game any idea what the ♥♥♥♥ happened?
,Recommended,454650,33140892,Posted: 2 July,all,EU_Tempest,Just aaaaawsooome
76561198281185684,Recommended,454650,32701777,Posted: 23 June,all,Chiusagi,"It's pretty much Xenoverse 1.5. If you had a great time with that game, you'll have a greater time with this one. It's really hard to say if this is a good game, because to someone who's not familiar with dragon ball at all, this might seem like a terrible game, but to someone who's very versed in dragon ball z, it's probably my favourite dragon ball game ever. There's just a lot of fan service - the good kind. Creating your own character in the dragon ball universe and running through history with them, and going into several 'parallel universe' quests is really awesome, being able to select any move in the game as yours is even MORE awesome, and being able to get any outfit or combination - while being able to have an appearance you want rather than one that the gears stats point to is a very welcome change.If you're on the fence, just google the character customisation. That's what got me hooked. I've beaten the game too many times now and it never gets old trying new characters, skills, outfits, and races!a whole NEW world of fun opens up when you realise that every race and gender has their own preset attack style, but that every character besides is unique as well! Captain Ginyus basic attack style is so flamboyant and stylish it hurts, or when you realise that Kid Gohan is a sleeper hit and has a very brutal upclose attack style that I love. Each character is shown a lot of love.If you're a dragon ball z fan, I feel like xenoverse 1, and 2, are a requirement.if you haven't played either and want to get into the series, this game is better, but Xenoverse 1 ties into xenoverse 2 in an extremely cool way, and I would be doing a disservice if I said xenoverse 2 was the only way to go! You can transfer your save data from 1 to 2 as well!"
76561198295481676,Recommended,454650,26448031,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DJ GREEN,good game just some let downs like the majin race have a♥♥♥♥♥♥transformation just turns you into a weaker version of kid buu and the namekian race  have an awesome transformation just suck in PvPoverall 8.5/10
76561198052001019,Recommended,454650,31523615,Posted: 3 May,all,Lemon8th,"For those who have played Xenoverse 1Xenoverse 2 feels like an improved version of Xenoverse 1. Don't get this wrong, I meant it in a very good way. The combat system is simply great, much better than its predecessor, the way transformations work have also changed (to better, imo) and super saiyan is not anymore a spam fest, it's more balanced and fun to play. There are new additions to the main city, more interactions and quests to do. The way you obtain the rewards in the PQ have changed as well, being now easier (and also fairer).Of course, there are flaws. The story feels the same as in XV1 with small variations, same goes for the parallel quests (which have been recycled). The roster feels uncomplete and chaotic, and some transformations are missing god knows why (e.g. Zarbon's monster form). There are also inexplicable slots, characters' transformations that have their own slot in the roster when they could have been simply an in-game transformation. And also I would like to have a goddamn full roster in a dragon ball game, many characters missing.With all the flaws and annoying decissions made by Bandai Namco, it is still a damn good game, fun to play and nice to look at, if you liked the idea of Xenoverse 1 but you think they didn't executed it well enough, buy this game, you'll be satisfied.For those who haven't played Xenoverse at allIf you're considering getting a Dragon Ball game and you aren't sure which Xenoverse you should pick, get this one, please get this one.This isn't only the best Xenoverse but a gooddamn Dragon Ball game overall. Don't worry about the story, you don't need to know about the first Xenoverse to understand what's going on at all. And if you're a nostalgic and still dream of Tenkaichi 3 and it's greatness, get over it, leave your prejudices behind and enjoy this game, I was also a nostalgic and god knows Xenoverse 1 didn't change my mind about that but this one did. This is a good successor to the famous PS2 saga and I have had the same fun playing this game as I had when I was a child and I couldn't stop playing the Budokai (and budokai tenkaichi) saga."
76561198077641544,Not Recommended,454650,27010840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Battora,"Game is great, but need them bug fixes kinda badly."
,Recommended,454650,27891054,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,⭐✨TheFallenAngel✨⭐,I just want the badge for the steam awards.
,Recommended,454650,33449674,Posted: 11 July,all,Halfbit_,"A lot of people say it is very simillar to the original DBX, in some aspects, yes, but the lobby is VERY different, and the story is also different. The main story has about 50 hours of gameplay, and afterwards, trying to complete all the islands, get every instructor, parallel quest AND online play (However, online battles are plagued with hackers, *get on that, devs?). I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,454650,31224387,Posted: 18 April,all,RanDomIze,Good game over all.
,Recommended,454650,26296465,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nick Applesauce,"I absolutely am loving this game thusfar. It's a vast improvement over the first game; better combat that adds a sense of impact to the fights, better music, save for the hubworld which a lot of people are complaining about, better hubworld with everything centered, and an expansive set to explore, and better mmo aspects, save for the raids which are a real letdown.The real negatives that I would list would be some janky connection to online fights. I found the story lacking, the ending was anticlimactic, and lacked any sense of 'oomph', so to speak. In addition, the AI in the higher level parallel quests is ridiculously tough, I feel. Before I get told to git gud, their reaction speed is just past that of a human, which gives them a real edge sometimes. Prepare for your friendly AI to stand there and break your combos yet again, unfortunately, save for Cooler, who is insanely competant for some reason. Without those, there aren't any glaring flaws in the game that I can see at the moment. Maybe a missed input, or a frustrating lock-on here or there, but nothing devastating to the overall game. Oh, and the camera occassionally zooms in too much.I'd say this game is a must-buy if you're a dbz fan, like myself. If you liked Xenoverse, you'll love the sequel. If you loved Xenoverse, you'll love this too. If you didn't like Xenoverse, look into this, because a lot of things have improved. This is a real step-up from Xenoverse, and a solid 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,454650,28171814,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Two_Paper_Dollz,"Great game just like the first. Improved graphics and hit detection. More people to play as, and more character customization. 8/10"
76561198149069510,Recommended,454650,26302931,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,D i a b e T H I C C,Story 10/10Gameplay 10/10Soundtrack 9/10Bingo dance Over 9000/10
,Recommended,454650,28719329,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LiamK0125,so far this game is great.has a lot to do and good character development
,Recommended,454650,32745890,Posted: 24 June,all,Chad Thundercock,"overall a pretty good fighting game, the combat is very fluid and sattisfying, the story is not really my cup of tea since i can barely understand what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, pvp appareantly doesnt work for me but the offline content makes up for it"
,Recommended,454650,26257702,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,joshspringer05,its a great and fun game so far but didn't get black goku for preorder so that needs fixed asap
76561198259702637,Recommended,454650,29292114,Posted: 16 January,all,Manami,Awesome Game
,Recommended,454650,27743837,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Coach :D,Amazing for any die hard dbz fan!
76561198332825283,Recommended,454650,26298475,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Chandragon23,"DB Xenoverse 2 got some improvements from XV1 just like new skill, new feature and bigger map . Athough the story similar with the XV1 and there are some glitches. Overall this game is enjoyable :)"
,Recommended,454650,26298272,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Carnivor,"This game is a blast! On Xenoverse 1 i had over 350h for sure on Xbox. But now with Xenoverse 2 i can still play and it's still awsome. Just so that everybody now before buying the campagne quest for now or pretty similar to xenoverse 1 But the figthing style and all the technique have got all pretty much a good upgrade. Conton city is awsome it's big, no Loading screen, There différent traineur, you have a school with figthing exam and ranks, You have different side quest appart from the time line and the paralle quest and you have some diffrent faction that you can do and you can do them all ( By faction i mean Like you can serve freeza and do quest for him and go up in is army ranks by doeing the mission)"
,Recommended,454650,26486637,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Shotagonist,"I can only recommend this game. I have played Xenoverse 1 before this and like many I was on the fence. Visually, the game looks about the same, the story feels the same on the first look and you wonder why you'd pay full price for it. Well let me tell you.Upon the first fight already I noticed how different it feels. You no longer feel on rails, the fights are much freeer, the teleports are there, combos are way more fun to pull of and special moves chain neatly into your assaults. There is no more super armor cheese or Super Saiyan Beam Spam, it just feels super amazing to fight. When you fight against strong AI opponents, it no longer feels like ""Oh man he cheeses me to death with super armor and unblockable attacks"", it actually feels like a challenge. This alone is reason to get it.The story is also vastly more interesting and they threw the movies into the main plot and made a lot of twists and turns that you wanted to see in XV1. It really feels like someone is ♥♥♥♥ing with History and not just ""replay the DBZ plot along the main heroes"".Oh, and in addition to SPACE AUSTRALIA as I mentioned in my XV1 review, KaiserNeko and Lanipator are now also voices available in the game, as voice 13 and 15 IIRC."
76561197994852723,Recommended,454650,28884180,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Squid-Apple,"Despite some people having issues with online, it must be select since I am able to join the hub, battle parallel quests and battle other players with very little issues. If you enjoyed the first game you'll love this one."
76561198269276942,Recommended,454650,26627914,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Coventry,It's SUPER AWESOME!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26257501,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,runtcash,"If you've played the first one, don't buy this"
76561198247525986,Not Recommended,454650,26257401,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ToasterGravy180,Game wont get past the black lauch screen...
76561198258929285,Recommended,454650,29444499,Posted: 23 January,all,Ahmed Ridha,Amazing GameYou should play xenoverse 1 first so you can be able to know what is going on in xenoverse 2The Mods are amazing and fun to play with
,Not Recommended,454650,29889629,Posted: 12 February,all,CorporalSaturn,"This game is miles better than the first one, but still isn't a good game.  The CPU difficulty curve is non-existant, the game randomly crashes, the stat curves distributions make little sense and Bandai doesn't even listen to user feedback.  The PC version is so neglected and is just barely kept alive by mods.  The RNG in this game ♥♥♥♥s you more often than not which often results in me rage quitting, skill and item drops are ♥♥♥♥ed and half of the time you can't predict them, even thought Bandai PROMISED they would fix this.  I lost my 7 dragon balls do to a bug the developers knew about involving making wishes online, their response?  ""Just don't go online.""  Not a ""we'll fix it soon"" or ""while we work it out"" just a straight up ""don't go online.""  I will concede that this game was fun at first and in general is great to back to ... for ten minutes before I quit again.  These random frieza siege events are annoying and are a poor excuse for ""events.""  The TP medal shop doesn't ever have anything new and this game is on the decline.  Currently, this game is broken and not worth the STILL 50 dollars they're charging."
,Recommended,454650,30439265,Posted: 10 March,all,Almanea,"In the begining you may find this game difficult regarding gameplay and combos etc.However when you get used to it! It is so amazing and there are many combos you may figure out while playing.Personally, I dont care about the story. I only look for good gameplay.But if you are intersted in the story, I can say it is just fine."
76561198143107986,Recommended,454650,31167415,Posted: 15 April,all,SniperElite12,2 words♥♥♥♥ing Incredible the story is amazing but i do wish that you could send ultimate attacks in the mail. storyline is so good I thought it was going to end so many times but it didn't. Amazing game Highly Reccomend
76561198052386684,Recommended,454650,26300537,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nemesis,"Superb game, so much better than the first, it has a lot of content, the story is fantastic. Get it if you're a Z fan."
,Recommended,454650,31168760,Posted: 15 April,all,Jackal,"7/10It was a good game! I'm late but it's a decent improvement from Xenoverse 1. The fighting system is great and there's a good amount of customization. There's a lot of skills as well and it'd be easy to make a character based off a real DBZ character (assuming it's a saiyan, majin (not including skinny male majins), earthling, frieza race, or namekian). There's probably around 60-80ish hours of content, excluding tedious content. Leveling up can be fairly fast and it's addicting. I played 10 hours straight which is bad but it was hard to stop. Anyways, after you level up a character to the max and you've done all the missions and everything, it gets boring. Even if you create a new character, different race and everything, it's still the same thing with a few small differences. The biggest difference is the fighting style of course, which is the only reason I'd see why you should make a new character. Basically once you get to max level with a character it's not that great of a game anymore since just like most games, it gets boring and you've done most things. The fights get pretty much systematic since you develop certain combos to do and get used to certain skills. The game is really only playable without getting a bit bored all together with it for around 50-60 hours.The main problem is that it's almost impossible to get in an online match and you quite often get in matches with bad connections. There aren't really any other problems aside from it being hard to pull off certain moves (a lot of Ki based moves, primarily ultimate attacks, not being able to connect) but you get used to it and sometimes it works lol.It's still definitely worth getting, even if you're not a DBZ fan. The fighting is fun enough to play it without knowing jack about DBZ. It would probably get you into it! Again the only reasons I'd recommend this game is if you're a DB fan, you like fighting games, or you like customization."
,Recommended,454650,27663725,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BmetJT,Basically an upgraded version of Xenoverse 1. Storyline definetly continues off the first game.  Becoming a Super Saiyan 3 rocks!
,Recommended,454650,27680571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord Nuke,"This game hits the right notes. Yes, they continue to go to the well of non-canon characters and events (movie villains) but it does serve to flesh it out, and gives us some very nice designs.The voice acting is on point, the visuals have been stepped up over Xenoverse 1, and the controls feel better.I had some solid ""F*** yea!"" moments in this game, and some laughs, and some rage.I recommend this for any Dragon Ball fan. If I had to rank my all time favorite Dragon Ball games, they would be:1: Super Saiya Densetsu/Legend of the Super Saiyan (Super Famicon)2: Budokai Tenkaichi 3.3. Xenoverse 2 (replacing Xenoverse 1 in this slot)"
,Not Recommended,454650,28406615,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Yacob Eliyah Yisraeli,"Bandai Namco can't even keep the Steam community fully updated on the latest content available. The game still is broken even after the 1.3 update and the game will still occasionally crash on you. overall the game does have potential than it's worth but the developers are trying to hard to play things safe with the gameplay. For instance, there's not many in-game transformations that actually alter the character's appearance during fights or in-game fusions, so basically you have DB game that is very dumbed down."
76561198312768655,Not Recommended,454650,29514470,Posted: 26 January,all,supergoku746,"Dont get this game on steam. I got the game and it started lagging and it starts freezing up.I tried to refund but i can't because the game is still running,thus this is adding ''hours played'' if when i restart my pc or try to unistall it."
,Recommended,454650,26297450,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,iaftersmile,"Pros:Good graphicsNice QQ Bangs ideaA quite large space to exploreImproved teacher systemCons:Glitch found on (I forgot the name) where Picollo stands. When you jump, sometimes you could see your characters walking on the cloud.Curse-triggering tutorial where you have to beat Saibaman. It seems Ban(ned)-Dai wanna make this little greenish guy a hidden boss. I spent an hour to do the 10/11 combos, but the last hit is always failed!Why should you guys in Ban(ned)-Dai start the quest from RADITZ again?! Start it with ARALE! (No. Just joking)Why is it always 'no room found'? Are you guys still preparing it or what?When you wanna reach Tien on that I-know-not hill and hafta cross some kinda stone bridge, I cudnt cross the thing! Even with my flying machine!What's the use of that naruto-like classroom?! It's small but needs a loading!1 year support changed to 6 months?! Man, that's some Zamasian attitude you've got there, Ban (ned)-Dai!What you subbed is not what you dubbed!Last remark:Buy this game for the sake of childhood memories! Lets hope Bandai could summon Shenron to fix these negative things!^^TP is Time Patroller not Technical Point"
,Recommended,454650,26345748,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,{SoR} Blackfire1,"So, you like DBZ huh? You apart of the super sayian master race? Like watching Krillin get his♥♥♥♥♥kicked?Want all that DBZ Xenoverse goodness but more balanced, deeper, with more skills?Want to fight characters so exact it's like the fighting game version of Starcraft 2's extreme ai?Want to get stunlocked with animations but in the end get a hard on because you just nuked someones ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a kamehameha?This game is for you.It's a superior adaptation of the first one in every reguard. Even as a PC port the options of forcing 120hz is there.Done and Done?Cons: Why the ♥♥♥♥ can I only be on multiplayer for 3 hours / day? Seriously?"
76561198134104183,Recommended,454650,26270469,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wax F1end,Remastered xenoverse 1
76561198044008289,Not Recommended,454650,31856732,Posted: 20 May,all,Falcon Punch,wth i cant even see anyone in conton city and cant even 1v1 my mate
76561198247390396,Recommended,454650,30602164,Posted: 18 March,all,bateman7,tis goodget it
,Recommended,454650,26707154,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Regulus,"its a very well design game. However if you want to buy and play on PC for pvp. I dont reccomend buying it ""now"" due to thelack of players that are playing in PC. Perhaps in the future the player rate will increase"
,Recommended,454650,26348335,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Big Topo,"It's great, a neat polished and expanded version of the first game. If you liked that one, you sure will like this one too!"
,Recommended,454650,26327767,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CaptainLagbeard,Is ok.
76561197996258263,Recommended,454650,26326847,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Gsites90,"I've really enjoyed my time playing. Had a few issues the first day with the game freezing, but I've been playing on upscaled 4k and even while streaming it sticks at 60 fps. Only other performance issue I had was clothes freaking out skyrim-flying-blackhole-horse-of-doom style, but I had tabbed out for an extended period of time prior to that happening. I enjoyed the story, thought it was pretty cool. I liked the idea of including my previous character and it really made for some cool moments.Key notes:-AnimationsCan't say enough here. Things look so damn good.-GraphicsCell shaded, but what the hell did anyone expect? Did feel like the whole thing looked kinda washed out until I adjusted my settings though.-MovesDrastic improvements and a much better selection this time aroundAbout to hit 80 and still enjoying my time punching things. Do hope to see some more story as I really felt like I replayed Xenoverse 1 in some ways. While things did happen differently, you're still doing some of the same things all over again.Still fun though."
,Recommended,454650,32332356,Posted: 10 June,all,DRiVer,"Game is good, but the netcode is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198157040253,Recommended,454650,26278374,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,I'M A SNAKE,"It is a really fun game that expands unbelievably on XV, although there were a few bugs at launch such as Steam users not receiving Black Goku or Future Trunks, they have tidied most of that up now. One complaint though, this morning I kept on receiving warnings for being idle, although I was flying around the hub, I then was returned to the title screen just as I was about to start a quest."
,Recommended,454650,26277796,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SOoFDamn,"Great game, blow my expectations"
76561198077987558,Not Recommended,454650,31836794,Posted: 19 May,all,Paraiyan,"I know I don't have a lot of hours in the game, but that's because I played the first Dragon Ball Xenoverse. They take and reuse the vast majority of assets from the first game including pq's and of course existing character models and their respective movesets. If you've never played the first one, this is a great game to pick up. If you have, then a lot of Xenoverse 2 will just feel like your replaying xenoverse 1."
,Recommended,454650,26268550,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Baka King,"This game is awesome and much better than dragon ball xenoverse 1, well the only problem now that its a bit complicated but i wil figure it out eventually :D"
,Recommended,454650,28396475,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,guah,would guah again
,Recommended,454650,30539144,Posted: 16 March,all,#Dankness,I rated DBX1 with:9000/9000Let me rate DBX2:*Scouter Explodes*
76561198153410322,Not Recommended,454650,27369315,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,average-joe,"FIX THE BUGS!!!!! its a good game, i just wish i could do a parrallel wuest without lagging out or the game crashing."
,Not Recommended,454650,30973599,Posted: 5 April,all,Depsyy,"Bought this game when it was 33% off.Game is mostly the same as Xenoverse 1.Pros-Large character pool-Highly customizable movesets and character creation-Big amount of contentCons-Battle music keeps cutting off during fighting sometimes-AI is HORRIBLE (When its on your side it barely does anything to help you)(But when its against you, prepare to get stunlocked or comboed to death on difficult missions)-AI can sometimes completely ignore Super & Ultimate attacks like you didn't even fire them.-Super & Ultimate attacks can hit debris & walls and therefore do no damage to your enemies.-Multiplayer is full of cheaters and NAMCO Bandai doesn't careI honestly wouldn't even recommend getting this if the price doesn't drop down more.Many of the cons mentioned were already back in Xenoverse 1.6/10"
76561198279699298,Recommended,454650,26270458,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SlayGamer,"okay, WHERE IS GOKU BLACK?????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198034651777,Not Recommended,454650,30958727,Posted: 5 April,all,GrImNiStER,still haven't fixed the servers. not v ery happy xenovers was bad. really thought you would have fixed it by the time you even thought of making a second game
,Not Recommended,454650,28644858,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Iroquois Pliskin,"And here we go....GOOD: Variety of characters; variety of special moves; variety of maps; variety of customisation; variety of missions.BAD: *Opponent Chooses Custom Character*... ""FIGHT!!"" Punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch *You try and teleport away*, opponent turns around and punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch, punch *You try to get away again*, opponent turns around and punch, punch, punch, punch, punch...STAMINA BREAK...*USE SPECIAL ATTACK*. Repeat. (Sigh, this is what DB is all about).Basically, I find people are too afraid of losing.  So all of the Dragon Ball characters except SSGSS Goku and SSJ Gogeta are used online.  Too many ""fans"" won't pay homage to the great DB fights.  Instead, we get too many 'try-hards' online who think everything is on the line.Why can't I ever have a battle as Trunks vs. Cell? Or Piccolo vs Android 17? I'll tell you why... FEAR of losing and no TRUST in your opponent to do the decent thing such as selecting a standard DB fighter.  So you end up selecting your ULTRA Custom Character incase your opponent does the same and *SURPRISE*... The opponent notices I'm TIEN! ""Easy there tiger, don't go whipping my Tien's 3 bars of stamina with your Custom's 8 bars... as well as using that Super Dragon Fist on me! Chilllll XD""This is only the one bad point I'll bring up by the way. But it's worrying when it's a bad point that resides in the ONLY remaining option of game play (Online Battles) once you've completed the game in general.It's a major issue.And no.  I won't be trying to ""get better"" at the game, if that's your defense for playing in such an obsolete way.  If by ""getting better"" at the game involves me learning an almost unavoidable 'punch, punch, punch, finisher...repeat' combo, then I'll refrain from ""getting better"" and just enjoy playing against AI or decent people who enjoy re-enacting cool DB moments in such a wonderful system.But at the end of the day, the game does have SSJ4 Goku which I love to play as - even against the 'try-hards'... So, when I see Justice Combination used for the third time in a row, I usually just laugh down the microphone with ""250hours of that move sequence... and you're happy with yourself?"".Overall.  GOOD GAME.  Ruined by the same custom character and their moveset online.  Basically, the game gives you thousands of customisation options, and you end up fighting an army of custom characters that came right off the same exact factory line.I give this game a 9/10.But most ""fans"" I've battled with such a poor ""win at all cost"" routine have lowered it to a 5/10.  By ""fans"", I mean the new generation who have only watched Dragon Ball Super and the 'Super Saiyan' scenes of DBZ.  Or the ""fans"" that pretty much have no respect for what Dragon Ball actually is, and have exploited (to their advantage), a VERY vulnerable fighting system.Screw it...4/10... and it makes the List of Jericho."
,Not Recommended,454650,26294368,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Omega Quake,"I was a big fan of the first game and I was really looking forward to the newest Xenoverse game. Unfortunetly there's a lot of the same. They have introduced some interesting ides to make the game feel a bit different, but everything else is the same. What really ticked me off is the story, I only played for two hours, but within those two hours I saw The same raditz vs goku/piccolo fight, an unnecessaryly long tutorial missions, and the same bad guys from the first towa and Mira. And for some reason you can't fly at the start of the game so you have to walk everywhere at a slow pace. I did like some of the new missions like the places cut off by time distorsions, but that's not enough for me to justify the price. I bought the deluxe edition and for 80 dollars it's not worth it to me. I have refunded my game, but I will keep an eye on it. Once it gets cheaper I might consider buying it again."
,Not Recommended,454650,35023373,Posted: 17 September,all,Lia,"would be nice to be able to play it...a lot of people can't connect, so just be wary of that when you buy the game.haven't got anything back from the company for awhile"
,Not Recommended,454650,35037677,Posted: 17 September,all,Detective,connecting.....
,Recommended,454650,31414286,Posted: 28 April,all,Kinkypython69,"Its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Yea, there may be stuff recycled from Xenoverse 1, but its still is awesome. Now that they released Goku Black Saiyan Rose, Zamasu, and Bojack, its even more amazing! Worth the price."
76561198139210146,Recommended,454650,33744578,Posted: 23 July,all,Bot Kneeger,I GO SSJ 9
76561198065910605,Recommended,454650,31150013,Posted: 14 April,all,Pretzel,Great game. Fun for fans
76561198066043051,Recommended,454650,33730168,Posted: 22 July,all,Zach,Good game :)
76561198272027198,Recommended,454650,34537538,Posted: 27 August,all,asian.slenderman,"It was nice, took me quite a while to finish the initial plot. Demanding but fun. Great costumisations too."
,Recommended,454650,35027238,Posted: 17 September,all,meikrenafor,This game is absolutely amazing!
,Not Recommended,454650,34302399,Posted: 17 August,all,White Kyurem,thew sgame is dog ♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,454650,26262480,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Big Boss,I pre-ordered the game......Wheres my ****ing Goku Black.
,Recommended,454650,26308712,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ForTwinTee 💯,"Took around 19 hours to beat the main story without the extra bit. I have barely touched any instructors or parallel quest. This game was a big improvement over the last.Cons:Consoles controller buttons appear all of over the ui. In the 19 hours I have so far I have encountered around 6 game crashes. It is still playable, but it still seems like a ♥♥♥♥ you to pc players.Edit: They fixed all of those problems"
,Recommended,454650,35019043,Posted: 17 September,all,Thigh-God v69.00,I've had a lot of fun in it and i'd say it's good
76561198141334367,Recommended,454650,26258577,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TruePotatoQ (Birthday Sep 20th),"Dear Bandai Namco,I noticed that when I started up the game, the promised preorder dlc characters weren't there. I would appreciate it if you could fix this problem.Love, TruePotato"
,Recommended,454650,26284189,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BloodNDeception,"I like the game, but it doesn't really feel like a full fledged sequel to me, it feels more like an expansion for Xenoverse 1. A good portion of Parellel Quests are actually reused from the first game with a few added new quests. If you played the first game you can just jump right in. Though some people like balances to the game, it still feels like a spam fest. The saiyan race feels pointless to have now, as all the other classes feel stronger (in the first game it was meta to either play female saiyan or male human, not that is pretty much trashed). The story just falls flat as it is just a poor copy & paste of the first game, the ending is the only thing that is really new. I would say if you want to play this, just wait for sale."
,Recommended,454650,26291675,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Badomen,So far I really like it. Only complaint I have is the control layout is really bad. Have to get used to it.
76561198069018780,Recommended,454650,26454001,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Vielgeschrey,steam xp lol lamo rolf xdxdxd
,Not Recommended,454650,26528343,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,That Pirate,"Fun game, broken as hell though. Stupid inconsistent lazy AI. Inconsistent launch issues resulting in crashes and blue screens on my end. Has crashed so hard that I couldn't even end the task. Please fix this game."
76561198005652574,Not Recommended,454650,26565213,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DingDong  `Pr0tocol,"I want my money back, you guys only releasing raid quests while ur online mode is unplayable and buggy as hell, escpecially the expert quests, ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198037476901,Recommended,454650,26575485,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Disoo,"Love this game, the first one was good, but this one is even better, just cant get enough of this game."
,Recommended,454650,26689625,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,JoeWolf,"I recommend this game to all Dragonball Fans.And to those who enjoyed XV1.So many people in the reviews are so ficcle.Of course there is repetative moments; the game is a fighting game, all fighting games are the most repetative genre out there.It's fighting mechanic is fluid and enjoyable; I can't say I'm very good when it comes to PvP, but I still very much enjoy this game.Yes there are bugs, but what game isn't exempt from those upon launch?I haven't encountered an issue with the Dragon Balls,I pre-ordered the standard edition, and have Goku Black. (You have to download him from your DLC section in Steam)I get game crashes here and there though, and these seem to be becoming more frequent. And I can't determine exactly what triggers them.Those aside, I still love this game."
76561198242366280,Recommended,454650,26566950,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sain-Pai,GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IMMEDIATLEY.
76561198070697304,Recommended,454650,26575277,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Spooky Blue,That moment when the game has only been out for a of couple weeks and you already have over 50 hours.
,Recommended,454650,26577153,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Speedbird,was reluctant to buy it at first cz i was 50-50. my housemate played the 1st version and I liked its concept of play. tho I was sceptical of its game progression taking account of its relatively higher price. bought it nonetheless and never regretted my decision.!
76561197996458707,Not Recommended,454650,26606779,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sentinel Chi,"So many bugs, glitches and terrible balance that it ruins an otherwise fun game. Local versus mode is a mess. The camera gets stuck constantly facing the ground. The only way to reset it is to do a move like a power up that resets the camera. Some races are just flat out better (though that is debatable.)Many quest have me spawn under the map until I reset the mission (or the game in one case).Terribly lagging overworld at times. Resources not being released when I close the game. And if you tab out, the game might get stuck. But worse is that when you tab your inputs are still being read by the game. I deleted a character accidentally this way (wasnt a big deal for me, I wasnt that far in at that point) and a few times I unpaused while in other windows.But when it DOES work, the combat is pretty good. The quest arent all that repetitive. It would be a good 7 out of 10 without the issues.  Until it gets fixed, I cant recommend it."
76561198065265200,Not Recommended,454650,26610994,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vyve,"Horribly optimized, glitches everywhere preventing me from progressing in the game, and we seem to be getting neglected with updates. Console version got the Day One patch while we didn't. We already have it? No we don't. This game is riddled with game breaking glitches. Not worth the money. $15? Yes. But the current price is pushing it for a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198177883299,Not Recommended,454650,26620297,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Minorus,At first really nice but there are many bugs/abuse of glitches and unbalanced gaming in Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2:Pros:- Better combat system than XV1- Nice Lobby Map- Parallel Quests- Creative idea with Expert MissionsCons:- Lag- Turn around bug/glitch- People Hitting you from the other side of the map- Crash during begin of Expert Missions (Janemba Boss Event)- Weird technical issues:- Game minimizes itself sometimes- Game crashes (Really annoying in Competetive Matches because you loose an absurd amount of points if you crash)- Gameplay issues:- The whole Expert Missions should be reworked because the giant ball is glitching 90% of the time.- AI is stupid (but hey nobody ever gets a perfect AI in such games)
76561198122125994,Not Recommended,454650,28224448,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,JDuo,"This game has gone to absolute crap. Now don't get me wrong, I love the series. However, this game is a huge downgrade to the first one, aside form a few changes such as a stat point increase and different characters. Major changes from the first XV is that there are a substantially less amount of strike ultimates compared to Ki blast ultimates. Also, this game has a crazy amount of hackers that make their way to the top of every leaderboard. Due to hackers, the game has lost a LOT of players, so you will have to wait a while to find any matchups in PvP. As for the story, it had me interested but I won't spoil anything. I think there are a lot of improvements or fixes that Dimps and Bandai can make, however I doubt they will fix anything and rather just release a new game for more money."
,Not Recommended,454650,29595828,Posted: 30 January,all,A bug in the code,"I had a love-hate relationship with Xenoverse 1. XV1 had problems and I hated the game for it, but I loved the game for everything else. It was *almost* exactly what I wanted in a Dragon Ball game. XV2 comes out, and shortly after XV1! I was suspicious of this, but I really hoped they were planning to fix many of the flaws that XV1 had while expanding on the story. If it had more RPG elements, I would consider it icing on the cake.I waited a little bit. My boyfriend bought me XV2 for Christmas and I was happy to fire it up and bring my Freiza Race character over to XV1. There's definitely more to do and it is a definite improvement on XV1. The DLC is a little bit lackluster, but I don't mind that. The base game is fantastic... when it works.I've put about 6 hours into it. 1.5 hours are not tracked due to Steam being down around Christmas. I got a few hours into the game before I experienced my first random crash. Maybe it was a one-off due to the game being a fresh install. I rebooted, tried again. Crashed again in half an hour. At this point, I put it down and picked it up randomly between then and now. I'll get an hour or so into the game and it crashes. It just purely ruins my experience. I've tried forcing file checks, checking my OS, reinstalling the game completely, and even reinstalling my video card drivers for sh*ts and giggles. Short of nuking my OS and starting over, I've tried it and nothing has helped the quick crashes I keep getting.In contrast, my boyfriend has played 30 hours and has only experienced a few crashes. Which makes no sense because his PC is a parallel to mine, except I have a 1070 instead of a 970. I have the hardware to run this game with no problems on ultra, but it seems like hardware cannot fix a software problem if it's experiencing critical errors due to flaky programming.This is super frustrating because I genuinely like the game, I just cannot recommend it due to my experience constantly being soiled by the crashing. It's like having the best meal in front of you and having it ruined by a chaotic atmosphere. Some *sshole keeps falling into your table and you keep having to order another plate from the kitchen. You do get to enjoy a bite or two before your food clatters to the floor again, but it's not worth it in the end. You paid $50 for this meal and all you're getting out of it is a few bites at most. Management won't even apologise for the problem. They just keep trying to sell you desert.Judgement: fix the crashing issues with this game and I'll update my review to cover this game properly."
,Recommended,454650,26261514,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dr_dumbfries,"The game is fun. If you are a fan of Dragon Ball, then you will enjoy this game. It's a fighting game through and through, so don't come into it expecting anything less."
76561198079539316,Recommended,454650,26284566,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Frieza,"If you're a Dragon Ball Z/Super fan, this game is for you."
,Recommended,454650,26285535,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Flying Battery Zone,"Induced people to rotate (Bingo Dance), play janken and play dead in the water. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MAP10/10 Game of the year"
76561198096733245,Not Recommended,454650,26257881,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jonesy974,"Combo controls are broken as hell and dont work 9 out of 10 times.Probably only has good reviews because basic button mashing works fine, and the visuals are nice.If you actually like trying to use more than just two buttons, you probably wont like this.Controller support seems to be bad too. There are random times where the buttons I press just flat out dont register.Dont think the controls are bad? Just play Krillin's Knock em Back advanced training mission.Cutscenes, while skippable, are way too damn long as well."
76561198044865216,Recommended,454650,26258223,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Floofiest of Boopers,"Having fun so far, but Im upset about the promised preorder unlocks not being... you know... UNLOCKED?"
,Recommended,454650,26258306,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Spiff,this game is fun
76561198160228107,Recommended,454650,26258332,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Llama658,"This game is still fun, but I didn't get my preorder bonus goku black and future trunks, I can't play as him, overall it is still a great game!"
76561198047354205,Recommended,454650,26258532,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ophidian,"Okay. So finally finished up a bunch of stuff, ready to give it a more in depth review.+Pros++Smoother fighting system that has blends of Xenoverse and Budokai/Tenkaichi+Expanded Roster with better moves/balancing+Side content was pretty interesting+Transformations are cool+Can preview costumes before purchasing+More Mentors and a more refined Mentor/training system+A couple more customization options for races+Customizable Ki blasts (Charged Ki blasts, rush blasts, paralyzing blasts etc)+QQ bangs (probably my fav edition so far, can be used to overwrite stats on gear so you can wear what you want)+Parts of the story were interesting-Cons--Day 1 DLC-Most of the story is a rehash-Some side content is boring/repeats-No customization for Ki colors/charging (That I could find)-Transformations are pretty unbalanced (is supposed to be getting fixed)-Bugs in with the training school-Problems with combo timings and dropped combos (could be a minor timing issue or could be a huge issue, will have to wait and see). At the very least feels odd on some characters than others.-Overall difficulty is wierd (things that should be hard felt laughable, other parts can be infuriating depending on partner AI)-some skill balance is odd (Blue Hurricane dumpstered...but Burning Spin stayed, etc)Overall its a very different system compared to XV 1 if you get really into some of the changes (the changes to stamina and how it works alone is huge). Overall interesting story and side content. Still have more stuff to do on my first character and looks like there is a ton more.The breakdown:Graphics 7/10:While I enjoy them, some people might not. *Turn up brightness in game though, there is some odd grey filter applied to the game*. That said however I'd give both legs to see a movie in the style of the beginning cutscene (the Bardock vs Frieza one). Some graphics are an upgrade from XV 1, but some seems very muddled and blurry (mostly things that look good from a distance that you aren't really supposed to get super close to and stare at).Music/Sound 6/10:Some of the music is pretty good. Standard DBZ sounds/voices, though some VA's were changed (im sure... I don't remember Turles sounding like he does, and some minor changes in other places). In some instances combat sounds and voices seem a little loud compared to other times. Not sure what is causing this.Gameplay 8/10: I thoroughly enjoy most of the changes, though some of the balancing is odd. The last story fight in particular felt incredibly easy... especially compared to certain other fights in the story. Combat feels different, but overall a good change. Less spam heavy with more ways to counter spam and defend. Though step vanishes might be a bit too good, as are the snap turn arounds. Overall good though.Story 6/10: Some new additions, which were really good, but overall felt like more of the same (some people might like this, others wont). Wouldn't say its bad... its DBZ, just felt generic in certain placesDLC/Season Pass: Not really sure how to rate this, there is a lot of things being thrown around about Day 1 DLC and season passes. I pre-ordered before the Day 1 announcement, enjoyed the DLC for XV1 and since the pass can be cheaper than piece by piece DLC (or overall cheaper if bought with the game pre-release) I figured why not. Still a pretty heated debate.Though I hope to see some sweet new content, maybe some DB stories or what-if scenarios or DB Super stories or something.Overall 7/10: Highly enjoyable for DBZ fans, could be thoroughly enjoyable for fightning game fans who enjoyed Budokai Tenkaichi/Raging Blast and wanted a little more of that style in Xenoverse 1."
,Recommended,454650,26259319,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,unreal,A great improvement from the first game!
,Not Recommended,454650,26330354,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Easy There Buddy,"Great game, but game breaking glitches. During the first rift tutorial against great ape Nappa I encountered 3 (offline mode). The first time I played the mission he through his giant ki blast outside of the map boundaries so I couldn't stop it so I had to restart because it didnt even explode for the ~5 mins that I bothered waiting. The second time I played it the giant ki blast instantly exploded with no animations whatsoever, killing me and my team instantly. The third time I played it I didnt talk to the kai of time first and after beating it I didnt progress in the story (quest didn't register as completed). I tried it one more time and great ape Nappa threw the giant ki blast outside the map boundaries again. Very frustrating. These examples are the only glitches that impact the game greatly and such a shame it doesn't allow me to progress in the main storyline. I would have rated the game 9/10 but as of now it's sitting at a 5 or 6."
76561198007263974,Not Recommended,454650,26359310,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,hogan_350,"At the moment I can't recommend this product to anyone. It has many, many bugs and a few of them are pretty game-breaking. Given the state of the first game upon release a few bugs are sadly not that surprising, but the number and scale of these bugs is crazy. What was the point of the PS4 beta? Perhaps it found some bugs for consoles, but it's clearly missed out on a load of them for the PC.To top all that off, Bandai Namco promised a patch would be released yesterday (1st November) that would solve issues they couldn't patch out in time for release. Well it's now the 2nd and no sign of the patch, many people are still completely unable to play the game and many more still are having their enjoyment of the game severely hampered by its incomplete state. Even looking at what they promise the patch will fix, it's missing a lot of things which really need to be fixed asap so who knows when the game will be in a stable, enjoyable state?I can only hope I'll be able to return before long and update my review and reccomend this game. For now, seriously, save your money."
,Not Recommended,454650,26449566,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Gelsamel,"Coming from Xenoverse 1, they've fixed quite a few things that were a problem with that game. However, honestly, it's not nearly enough.Saiyans still have no tails. Transformations that don't work like they do in the lore. There is a ridiculous amount of content that could easily be made accessible to the player, but aren't. The setup of the storyline and parallel quests was never good in Xenoverse 1, but it's worse in 2. The online features are still so incredibly clunky with absolutely no reason for that to be the case.Other problems continue over from X1. Firstly, the game is, overall, very easy. However whenever you do encounter difficulty, it never feels genuine. You never feel like ""ah, okay, I did this wrong, I need to get better at this"" or ""I need to use a different strategy here"" or ""I need to bring different items"". Instead, you only ever feel like the game is incredibly unfair.It is not an uncommon experience to attempt a mission and have your opponent perfect block everything you throw at them, read your warp-dodge inputs from your controller and react to them with zero delay, and pull off 50%+ HP combos once you have no stamina left.To make matters worse, out of every fighting game in the world, Xenoverse has the longest periods of time in which your character is uncontrollable. At least if you're getting combo'd in other fighting games you can be sure it'll only last a few seconds at most. You know how incredibly annoying it is to be ever so slowly comboed for over a minute because the stamina regen is so slow and you literally can't do anything and the enemies have a fondness for knocking you across the whole map which takes a very long time?This wouldn't be that bad if that was all that happened. I mean maybe those missions are just for the super-pros right? Except that's just the first attempt at the mission. Second attempt: The opponent performs worse than a child who has never played the game before and you completely stomp them without trying. Or maybe it happens the other way around, you beat it easy first time, then second time when you're trying to farm for an item, the enemies are god tier for no reason.Sometimes it happens within the match, they start off like a joke and the game suddenly decides it's giving you this mission too easy, so the opponent suddenly becomes an opponent beyond human ability, only to almost kill you, at which point they become stupid again so you can barely win. This is almost more frustrating than losing. It's like the game just wants to spit in your face occassionally and believes that that counts as 'difficulty'.Add in that there are enemies like Majin Buu and Gotenks whose AI and moveset are designed to be self-harm inflicting levels of frustration and playing this game at the high level honestly becomes incredibly unfun.The clunkiness of the online features makes it difficult and unpleasant to play online. Yet your offline AI partners are almost not worth taking with you. AI Partners often try to their darndest to sabotage you. Examples include randomly interupting your combo which you sacrificed a lot of stamina to continue, and standing around and getting their♥♥♥♥♥kicked by basic enemies. Often they will suicide themselves by letting enemies beat on them while they try and revive. Othertimes when they need to revive they will spend upwards of 10minutes simply trying to path towards the K.O'd ally. I literally watched my AI Vegeta fly into a wall for 5minutes untill he was killed by the enemies because he was trying to revive me and I was on the other side of the wall. Unfortunately you kind of need AI partners to distract the other enemies for the more difficult missions.There are hundreds of times you'll be doing an awesome combo and you'll be interupted by a random cutscene of a character joining or leaving the fight scene, thus ruining your combo. Even worse, you could've just spend 3-5 Ki Bars on an Ultimate attack that was gaurenteed to hit and do a lot of damage, but then, oh hey look Goku is arriving to reinforce you, oh look your ultimate is canceled and you lost the Ki you spent anyway and the combo has been stopped. This isn't even the worst of the poor design decisions as far as ruining player fun goes.The worst is the required dialogue in various missions. Lots of missions have dialogue that characters -must- say before they can die. So if you're kicking Freiza's♥♥♥♥♥and you get him to 1 HP before he has said his 5 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes worth of dialogue, too bad. You're not allowed to kill him, you have to sit there surviving against him for the next 5 minutes so that all the random discussion that happens in that mission occurs. You will experience this myriad times, even if you go a defensive build. The game is so easy that every time this can happen, it will happen. You will experience this at every opportunity.I've not mentioned all the bugs and camera issues that make the gameplay very inconsistent.Xenoverse has such enormous potential, especially as a CO-OP RPG or even as an MMO. But with all of these downsides it will never be a huge hit."
,Recommended,454650,26538671,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,^6xpensiv_sht,battle seem more fluent then DBZX1
76561197985019868,Not Recommended,454650,26570667,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gunslinger,"Do not recommend. The game is full of technical problems and is very unstable, furthermore the company is doing very little to address these problems."
,Not Recommended,454650,26623544,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Frostymm,"If you look at the majority of negative reviews you'll see that it's a buggy piece of poo. Y'know, missions becoming uncompletable due to enemies and dragon balls spawning under the map effectively making Guru's rift missions darn near impossible for an unlucky many of us, not getting raid rewards, etc. I can confirm that many of these are true, I had to get someone else to do the guru missions for me and I just straight up gave up on the PQ's that require you to find dragon balls.But my biggest issue is with the new multi-character system:Pros- All save data except inventories are seperate- Don't have to beat the game to make more charactersCons- All save data except inventories are seperate- You have to beat the game for each character individually to unlock everything- That includes STORY, RIFTS, AND PQ'SWhat? You want to try out a strike nemekian? Well that's fine, you just have to play through the entire story and all of guru's buggy quests and all the other rifts to keep going and then you'll have to go through all those PQ's you already got all the rewards from AGAIN just to get to the same point you've already reached.You want to play with your friend who just got the game? Well you'll have to each spend a day or so unlocking multi-player missions if you wanna start a new character with him.You want a buu now? Well huzzah for you mr. lucky. You get to spend the next few hours collecting food around the map and spamming the same mission over and over probably trying to complete the most tedious side-objective in the game. That is if you want that super worthless transformation at least.My point being that the game punishes you for wanting some versatility. If you get this game you'd better choose your first character wisely. I'm probably not going to bother with it again until there's some kind of cheat code that unlocks all the missions."
,Recommended,454650,26258112,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,BOT Tina,"New favourite game for sure, The combat is alot better than the first games, graphics are really good and can be customized pretty well, alot more content, I've definently spent more time on the main story and many other things and from when i made this review, I've only played 3 hours.If you're a fan of anything dragon ball related, If you have ever liked any of the dragon ball games or xenoverse, I HIGHLY recommend this game.SPOILERS :Althought there are a few problems, to those who couldnt get there character from the first game, keep playing eventually you get the choice to transfer it, although you still keep the new character you made. Your character from the first game is used in the story rather than you play as them in the second one, You can transfer some skills and costumes, although only the ones that are on the player at the time you were playing xenoverse.Secondly, I have not recieved my pre-order bonus, I've seen many others say the same, although I am guessing you will recieve them later on in the game, like the transfer.UPDATE:I found out the pre-order bonus is glitched instead of what I said, they are looking into it so don't worry about that.Although they updated the steam page and changed the 1 year free update to 6 months, shady, haven't seen them comment on it yet."
,Recommended,454650,26283912,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,fairy tail and boroto,hi steamI bought Thbilh of 79.98 dollars and got nothing you can help me
,Recommended,454650,26284510,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KRYOSIN,"Binged for 9 hours, can't say I hate it"
76561198043930222,Recommended,454650,26285845,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Leichenfresser,"Everything Xenoverse 1 was, but more and better.And I mean literally everything, all quests from the first game are here, too."
76561198142610482,Recommended,454650,26450494,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Private Pedo,If your a huge fan of Dragon Ball this game is the best one created so farIf your having second thoughts of picking it up just buy it its worth the money 0.0YAMCHA IS OVERPOWERED HERE LIKE HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,454650,26528926,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ZeerelValkyrie,Absolutely do not buy this game.It is not a finished product. The tutorials are literally near impossible to complete because the ai recovers far too fast.The story is not as exciting as the first Xenoverse.The character that you bring in from Xenoverse 1 is very buggy and almost always naked with basic abilities.Instead of fighting against one time patroller on missions its you verus three time patrollers.If you have ai allies on your team they will never attack an opponent who is beating the hell out of you. They will simply allow the opponent to continue beating you to a pulp until you escape on your own.This game needs some serious fixes and ironing out before it can be considered purchaseable.
76561198097051312,Recommended,454650,26573146,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dekthor,If you loved the last game you'll this one.
76561198099919821,Recommended,454650,26284442,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Leggggooo,Even tho I prepurchased the game I did not receive goku black. Why is that?
76561198173194874,Recommended,454650,26284879,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jakson badjas,I like this game but there are some bugs in the game than the game froze and close it plz fix that :(Im played the game and te story line is to short for me in 2 day i played the game
76561198030606825,Recommended,454650,26543317,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Universe Writer,Game not very different from the first one but if you want a game that lets you take your mind away from daily activities get this game
,Not Recommended,454650,26547174,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mechanism Y,"TLDR: What potentially could have been the best DBZ game ever let down by a ton of bugs, poor design decisions and general frustrations. Still a lot of fun to be had IF the stars align and things work, but that happens far too infrequently to recommend. Avoid until it gets fixed.Dragonball Xenoverse was the one game I hoped more than any other game would get a sequel. It did new stuff with the franchise, I loved the whole Mary Sue insertion idea and the game if nothing else captured the weighty thunk of Kamehamehas hitting people in the face. It also had a LOT of really questionable design to it and an equal amount of broken (good) and broken (bad) stuff in it. But the potential for the best DBZ game ever was in there, somewhere. So now we have Xenoverse 2, my prayers have been answered and all the stuff I wanted has been added, worked on or improved.So why the negative review? What went wrong?What went wrong is that for every good thing the game does, the game does something else to sabotage it.We'll start with my favourite part of the game: The new characters and the Funimantion voice work (I usually prefer subtitles, but the Funimation crew is just too damn fun not to bother with). Most of the new characters are the villains from the more successful movies and from the ""in-between"" parts of the series and I absolutely LOVE their inclusion. Special mention goes to Imperfect Cell and Lord Slug, the former being as creepy and well done as he was in the show and the latter being the most gloriously hammy character in the entire game. I swear I laugh at just about every line that comes out of Lord Slug's mouth (""HA HA HA HA! THOSE FOOWLS!"").So what's the problem? The problem is that the Funimation team weren't given game footage before recording their lines, meaning that the lip syncing is atrocious. Also, much like the first game the characters dialogue does not match up with their subtitles most of the time. ESPECIALLY Imperfect Cell. For example, if you take him as support on a mission and KO someone he'll make a sarcastic quip ""congratulating"" you and telling you that, no, he's not going to give you a high five. The text box on the other hand just shows a generic line that doesn't match up at all. And every charcter in the game STILL refers to custom female characters with male pronouns.And it just goes on from there! For the sake of speed I'll just abreviate it to Good/Bad though and expand on it from there.The CombatGood: The cheesy and really easy combos from the original Xenoverse are gone, and the new system actually requires a little timing and memory to make work, with more options for avoiding and breaking out of combos too.Bad: The guard break (really important in this installment) is mapped at all times to be triggered by holding the light/heavy attack button towards your opponent rather than a dedicated button. This means that you can trigger it accidentally by holding it a little too much, ruining your combo. Also, the directional input is very vague and finicky, meaning you can have a lot of trouble guard breaking when you DO want to do it. And as for the evasive options and breaking out of combos? Those take stamina, which regens reeeeeaaaally slowly. This means that if your opponent gets close (and they will) 9 times out of 10 victory will go to whoever has the most stamina. Having less than the amount required for the dodge is a free beating, and running out of stamina completely is a free win. The guard break also sometimes doesn't work right and you can easily get stuck in an endless loop of dodging out of the enemy's combo only to end up caught in another attack and another combo, which depletes your stamina. Also, the AI regens stamina faster than you. Speaking of which...The AIGood: Improved from Xenoverse 1! The AI is on the whole a lot better and can get genuinely challenging at higher levels. Also, bosses no longer have hyper armour and absurd health bars (well they do, but so do you).Bad: Instead, bosses and high level AI input read. So they know everything you're going to do before your charcter can do it. They also perfect guard whenever they feel like (including some times it's actually impossible to do so) and exploit the stamina problem above to basically curb-stomp you. But that means that friendly AI is that good too, right? WRONG! You could have 4 other AI partners fighting with you and they will just sit back and watch you get stamina drained by freaking Cooler all day rather than interupt him and actually help you. The enemy AI? No such luck. If they out number you then they will beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. While in some of the story missions and Parallel quests the enemies will politely let you fight 1 on 1, in the side missions around the city they do not. I don't know who thought 3 against one with max AI and endless juggling was fun on the dev team, but I hope he gets fired out of a cannon.The cool-as♥♥♥♥♥♥over the top DBZ movesGood: There are more of them. That is good. In addition, KI Ultras are no longer completely overpowered, which if you've played Xenoverse one, is a very good thing. Every race has a unique transformation skill now.Bad: Strike Ultras are still crap. seriously, there's like 7 of them in the game total. Also, 80% of the new moves are useless. Special mention goes to the Dragon Fist which requires you to stamina break your opponent, IMMEDIATELY use it, recite the 61st Psalm and pray it actually hits. Which it won't if the enemy has less than 5 stamina bars total. KI Ultras fare little better, with 90% of them having almost literally no tracking. Also the Majin unique transormation skill is awful. You drain you stamina to play as Kid Buu for like a minute. I don't like either of those things. Basically there's a ton of moves that are just flat out, impracticle, unusable, badly designed or just not fun.Better hub worldGood: Bigger hub world, you can fly around it now and use vehicles. A ton of new mentors that are actually easy to find this time!Bad: You can't fly from the game start and when you do the vehicles are useless. The mentor missions are also hobbled by many of their missions and skills being useless, buggy or broken. The hub area's back ground music is also REALLY annoying to me personally.The parallel questsGood: Parallel quests are the whole ""what if"" mission setup that makes up most of the meat on the games bones. There are more of them than the last game, they're more varied and they have more unique dialogue recorded for them.Bad: Old PQs from Xenoverse 1 have been brought over, and they have NOT been balanced for XV2s new mechanics, making them very annoying. Also, a lot of them are bugged. One particular PQ that stood out was a mission where I spent 10 minutes defeating Frieza soldiers and getting Vegeta to help me, when the game suddenly spazzed out and Frieza clipped through the floor, making it unwinnable. This can happen quite a bit.The new Expert MissionsGood: basically a Dragonball raid instance. Has some interesting mechanics and offers a chance to cooperate with other players.Bad: They don't work. Seriously, they are completely ♥♥♥♥ed. I've never seen anything this broken and unplayable since pre-patch Fallout New Vegas.And many, many more...In summary, For every step Xenoverse 2 makes forwards, the way it's implemented makes the game take two steps back. Honestly, for me the worst thing the game does is be FRUSTRATING. Every time I play I get buried under 1000 small bits of bad game design and it makes me wonder why I bother. I love Dragonball Z. I love this game too. But damnit if the game isn't just wasting its potential. Most of this stuff is just game balance and dialogue too! It could be easily fixed, But for some reason Bamco can't be bothered. And considering that there's a genuinely good game buried under all the BS in here, that's genuinely sad."
,Recommended,454650,26571285,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Genesis.,fun
,Not Recommended,454650,26624067,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Mr. Pinchies,UPDATE: DLC Packs 1 and 2 are♥♥♥♥♥♥Female Majin Buu turns into Kid Buu 10/10 would bang.
,Not Recommended,454650,26529454,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GreenBeast88,"So far this game has been good. Played Xenoverse 1 and had fun but much improvement was needed. Xenoverse 2 is stepping stone(my own opinion), but it still has a ways to go. My biggest concern is the bugs for the PC. On first Expert Mission tutorial, I can't even complete because Great Ape Nappa uses Gigantic Blast and I just stand there and die. To make matters worse, he uses it again immediately after the first blast killing everybody. Please fix this problem. I can't even progress through the rest of the story because of this. I do not recommend this game until this is fixed."
,Not Recommended,454650,26576173,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tracknumberseven,"I never played Xenoverse 1, but I'm a huge fan of the Budokai series and this definitely tickled my nostalgia senses whilst remaining a completely fresh game. Having the great rendered and animated cutscenes definitely helped this game as well.However, it is not worth over 35USD. It's a good single player experience, but if you're keen to play with friends or farm with friends be prepared for constant disconnects and long loading times.They really, really need to fix their servers. 8/10 single player experience, 2/10 multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,454650,30896796,Posted: 2 April,all,Monorock,"Seems decent enough to buy for an on-sale price tag (I'd pay no more than around $20), as the gameplay leaves a fair bit to be desired. Your personal character will only get one basic moveset for each race (aside from special moves), so every fight will mostly consist of you doing the same exact handful (around five) of possible combos made by mashing two buttons. The combos lock on, so you don't have any real control over each hit, you just start the combo and mash buttons until it plays out. Rinse, repeat. Gets very repetitive, very fast.Buy it if you want a glorified DBZ dressup game, but not if you're expecting solid fighting mechanics."
,Not Recommended,454650,26258259,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dr.Jebus M.D.,"Bamco lies about supporting the game for a year and changes after the release date to only 6 months. That and the rebinding controls is broken.edit: Well they've updated saying that they will support for a year but rebinding buttons on the controller still messes up your ultimates and supers. Additionally I've been getting random freezes in the middle of fights so until these problems are fixed, I won't be recommending the game."
,Recommended,454650,26322302,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Angry Gerbil,"Great upgrade from the original!needs some patch work on some of the glitches, but overall didnt frustrate me all that much. I'm sure that will be fixed in the future."
,Recommended,454650,28437000,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DranzerOP/TheEternalPhoenix,I love this game and not to mention that i enjoyed the gameplay alot :)
76561198240180300,Recommended,454650,31854061,Posted: 19 May,all,Prince Vegeta,Great gamejust buy it
,Recommended,454650,31780328,Posted: 15 May,all,Tybo,"I recommend this game because it's really fun, but just be aware that the game constantly crashes. If you're easily frustrated, it's probably not worth it to buy this game."
,Recommended,454650,31809522,Posted: 17 May,all,[STR] Gakaru The Griffyn,Incredibly fun and a great sequal to the first. Balanced in transformations and adding a transformation for each race. Giving an easier way to get Potential Unleased and many moves much easier to move than before. Great game!
76561198141625588,Recommended,454650,31778896,Posted: 15 May,all,StrawHatSteven,"Its a fun game. At this point though I wanna be able to transform past  SSJ3. Not to mention the game, for me anyways, crashes when i play the Eternal Rivals PQ. Overall the games fun but it gets stale sometimes and would still prefer playing DBZ Budokai 3."
76561198042239603,Recommended,454650,31786453,Posted: 16 May,all,Unluckydeadguy,"Fans of dbz rejoice,.this title is the perfect way to become involved with interactive saturday morning cartoons."
,Recommended,454650,35149011,Posted: 23 September,all,Alpha,i know this you should buy the game if u enjoy theese types of fightning games and if you liked the first one
,Not Recommended,454650,28739993,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,John,"Dragonball Xenoverse 1 was an amazing stray from the conventional Dragonball games of the past decade or so. Instead of a straight up fighter, as most of the predecessors have been (excluding Sagas and a few of the portable games), XV1 introduces a slightly more open feeling as well as a refreshing revamp of the Bandai fighting system. The story was linear and understandable, not completely ""non-cannon"", the game was solid.With the announcement of Dragonball Xenoverse 2 needless to say, I was extremely excited. This is the first game I've pre-ordered in since Call of Duty Black Ops 1 when I was a teenager, and the first I've ever pre-purchased on Steam.However, I cannot in all good faith recommend this game to newcomers or people who aren't completely into DB/DBZ. I'll give a pros/cons list followed by a non-biased conclusion below;Pros;+Tons of characters/variations to choose from (aside from your own created character)+Bigger Hub World than XV1 with a lot more to do+Fan-service is amazing+DLC and updates rolling out pretty often+Covers the DBZ story from beginning to end very well for newcomers and fans alike+Tons of customization for your character+Tons of side quests/parallel quests to keep you busyCons;-Essentially XV1 with a fancy coat of paint and a slightly different story-Combat is still just as clunky as is was in XV1-Gets pretty repetitive after a while-Definitely a ""grind-fest"" (not a con for me, but a con for most)-AI is awful when you need it and ""great"" when you don't (Team AI will knock opponents out of your combos, while Enemy AI will completely destroy you)-The PVP elitists have found the broken ""builds"" for their characters, not a fun time-A couple of new mentors, but not enough to really write home about-Co-op is horrendous, creating a team and getting your friend in is bad enough, but once you finish a parallel quest you have to back out and do it all over or face doing the same quest over and overMy biggest complaint about the game is the lack of new quests and the fact that Bandai used the same story as they did in the first Xenoverse. The story is also very short. I completed it in ~12 hours, and that's with grinding for loot and trying to get the damned online co-op to work. Bandai said they'd be releasing a patch that makes it so you don't have to completely redo the story over when you start a new character, and once that patch rolls out I'll probably pick the game back up and level a few more characters. Until then, even the occasional raids (only on weekends, when I work a ton, thanks) can't convince me to launch this game again.For what it's worth, I actually love this game. But that's only because I'm extremely biased. I grew up on DB/DBZ/DB:GT. If you're like me, and you love DB no matter what (even through the awful live action movie that we paid to go see in theaters), then pick this game up. You'll get enough nostalgia and ""wow that's really cool"" moments to make up for the price tag.For everyone else, I'd stick with XV1 first (while it's on sale too, since it's not for everyone) and if you like it, you can continue to this game."
76561197989072285,Not Recommended,454650,33946873,Posted: 1 August,all,yarden32,"since i'm a PVP player (in pretty much every game) i'll write my review about this aspect, and i can clearly say this is NOT what i wanted to see.Balance:nope, nope and nope. compared to the prev game, it is clearly much better due to the annoying KI spam that pretty much ruined the whole point of PVP in X1. after seeing the first xenoverse 2 gameplay footages, i was so glad to see how the game improved and might finally work out in terms of good, balanced PVP. later on i figured how different in terms of power the CaC characters are, and how strong some of the ultimates are compared to others, how those who start the match with max KI bar are gonna make the same thing that happened in X1, a KI ults spam. a single heavy stamina break lets you use 2 ults in a row and some small attacks which pretty much ends the match, even if you had close to a full hp bar. now people will say ""hey, so just git gud and watch your stamina!"". then no, i never encountered such a thing since i'm a fast adapter in those games, and thanks to this i managed to reach the actual rank 1 without counting all the points hacking fellows. managed to reach  194 wins and 30 losses in ranked alone, and except 3 of the losses i had to LEGIT players, the rest i either disconnected or, most of the time, lost to a hacker/modder. but as i've seen by anyone else's gameplay, youtube videos etc, that's how it goes right now in X2. Plus, doesn't seem the Dev team actually cares about it.Hackers:well the headline says it all - sooo many hackers and modders in PVP matches even when the game first launched (either ranked or not, mostly ranked) which makes it impossible to enjoy pvp without being scared to encounter a hacker that will drink your points. and unfortunately, that hacker/modder can easily change his name via steam nickname and get into a game with you again later on.Competitive:clearly no competitive scene at all. the weekly tournaments we had back then were held by the time there were not many people online at all. in addition, CaC characters were allowed which ruined the whole point of actual, competitive and balanced scene. this game clearly lacks in it and most likely will not change in the future (maybe in X3 if it ever comes)Combos:even though you can create awsome looking combos combining physical attacks, maybe some ki blasts and ending with an ult (the way it SHOULD have been) you won't see that much of ""fun"" PVP matches where at the end, even if you lose, you'll say ""wow, i reallyyy enjoyed the match"". i already mentioned in the balance section about how people actually fight right now in PVP matches so i won't say the same thing again.Latency and regions:unfortunately some of the countries (i, myself, from the middle east) are already stated in regions which are NOT related to them. if i take the middle east one, even though in terms of ping we get a much better ping in the EU (70~) we're still related ONLY to the asia region (200-250~). which reduces the amount of games we can find with good ping.Dev Support:because of the issue above, i tried to contact the support team about what we should do. but clearly - a couple of months later, and still no response even though i tried sending the same email a couple of times. so nah.. doesn't seem they're listening. same goes for banning hackers. the whole list of top players in EVERY aspect is filled with people who either hacked to the top in actual matches or somehow put the points into their account (99999999.. come on..)yet, after almost a year, i still see them on the top list. why aren't they banned yet?! where are the devs in that manner?!in conclusion, if you're a PVP player, i would clearly not recommend the game at all. if you just want to spend your time in offline, killing story mode and missions, that will be OK but will end very fast."
,Recommended,454650,28228849,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,tftrevor813,"This is my honest opinion on this game overall , it's still not a perfect game but as of right now it's more stable for ""Most"" low end pc user's like myself where as on release it was a nightmare. Since I'm more of a casual player and don't like having to try hard in a PVP match *99% of the time I'm damn lazy 2 fight LMAO* . This game is more in the step in the right direction and I'm looking forward to the future of this series ,  hackers still linger around in the multilobby but it's not very frequently. So on a scale of 1 through 10 I will give this game a 7.4 out of 10 so take it how you would like."
,Recommended,454650,35249231,Posted: 27 September,all,HughLance,"if you like Dragon Ball Z and you just happen to have a spare 40 something bucks, don't think twice. DO IT. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,454650,26551245,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ΩTheFlinchyDinoΩ,"similar to DBXV1 just with new ways to battle and customize your character in addition to new characters and story, great game"
76561198141496782,Recommended,454650,35246517,Posted: 27 September,all,s_asonia,amazing game. one of the better dbz games
76561198056590109,Not Recommended,454650,26392370,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Rem,"Fun game, but buggy as hell. Do not buy this unoptimized piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥until they fix it."
,Not Recommended,454650,26392122,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Grave,"I have to be honest here and give this a ""no"" vote.At the moment, the game is unplayable for me in some respects. The quests lock the game up if I scroll through them, and every now and then, there's a lag on saving which gets worse and worse each time the game auto saves, until the game is in a nearly locked state.There's no beam battles, yet again. There's more push to make players group up and do things together as an mmo, so if you're a single player like me, it's not for you. The AI difficulty has been cranked way up, and they now know how to juggle you between npcs while your own just stand there and watch- like the first game.A lot of things just get re-hashed. That said, there ARE improvements made in other areas. QQ-Bangs are a good idea, because then you can finally dress how you want. Conton City is what we all wanted- a big place we can fly around in. There's a lot of side-filler stuff to keep you running around for a while.Truth is, unless you're a massive fan of the franchise, this really isn't that great a game. It is NOT a fighting game, though. This is an action RPG, and should be taken as such. You'll only forgive the mistakes of this game if you love the IP enough to overlook the smaller fractures in it's surface, or if you have friends you can quest with."
76561198184671097,Recommended,454650,29094214,Posted: 7 January,all,mr.meeseeks,its best game ever
,Not Recommended,454650,26376609,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,f4tr4t,"Man i wanted to love this....i really did try...but in the end i had to force myself to play it and thats not what you want in a game.Its Xenoverse 1 with a new coat of paint, granted the new training mode and combo learning mode are kinda cool but anything else feels way to similar to the first one..."
,Not Recommended,454650,26442842,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ZDamned,"I would like a refund for this game.I can't stand the fact that this game is useless if you own the first Xenoverse game. They offer you a very short story mode, and re-hashed paralell quests/Maps/characters/attacks/armors.They promised us more content and balance changes, however this game offers nothing that a simple DLC pack and balance update could have offered to Xenoverse 1.Oh, I forgot to mention, they did add some new things! Strike Ultimate attack can now connect and then miss!Instead of Super Armor on bosses, every single CPU controlled Story fighter has what seems to be 10X the stamina regeneration that you do.So yay?This is a complete waste of money, and I am beyond unhappy with my purchase. I feel that I have ben taken advantage of with false advertising."
,Not Recommended,454650,26281859,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Gosumania,Good game but it's like a DLC for Xenoverse 1 buy it on saleStill no Ingame-chat and the server constantly disconnects you from the game!
,Not Recommended,454650,31848604,Posted: 19 May,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Good game with pretty much no replayability at all, better than one for sure, but still its never going to touch DBZBT3woulnd't get it at full or even on sale I guess unless you LOVE dragon ball z."
,Not Recommended,454650,35007577,Posted: 16 September,all,draggard_arcane,"I literally left this game running for nearly an hour alone, just on the connecting screen after the intro and nothing. That alone makes me not want to waste my time, I was super excited to try this game out too. My network is no where near the issues, given recent updates i've done to hardware etc. Regardless, waste of time."
76561198206535960,Not Recommended,454650,26298932,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,alexb.king95,game has way too many glitchs for instance the tredmill effect charaters will keep running but not move anywhere alot of ultimate attacks dont work here super dragon fist does not work at all oon pc does not work why do regular ki blast attacks do more damage then ultimate attacks ? thats a big issue the ki blast are doing way more damage then ultimate attacks... i got the game on preorder and did not get what i paid for honestly im extremely disappointed with the game too many errors i really want a refund the first xenoverse was much better then this iv had the game force close and stop working 6 times already since yesterday this is my second day of owning the game and it has crashed 6 times this is horrible im really disappointed and nobodys helping me out alot first training mission ask me to complete a certain combo (X) 10 times it is literally impossible the chase attacks dont work unles its a heavy chase attack theres too many glitchs why would you relese a game like this ? i had such high hopes for this game horrible id rather have my money back and uninstall this game why bareley any ultimate attacks work chase attacks barely work tredmill runnjing affect ki blast stronger then ultimate attacks you guys made this game in a hurry i really hope a steam or bandai representative reads this  its sad. when you pre order the game your supposed to get goku black and a flying log i only got goku black highl-y disappointed where is the product i was promised upon pre order? ??? i want a refund this game isnt worth it trust me your much better off with the first one
76561198093331070,Recommended,454650,26267815,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,"✪ [VG] Tarkin ""Swag"" Pierce","So after playing for more than a hour I came to the conclusion that this game is amazing. Compared to the first one it blows it away with improved graphics, combos, new transformation, ETC. there is so much new content that it will blow you away.Final score 10 dendes out of 10"
,Not Recommended,454650,31249175,Posted: 19 April,all,Dark,I LOVE DBZ  SO MUCH but the pvp aspect of this game is so dead. Ive ran into 3 hackers in a row using some bulma mod to replace characters. Then when you actually get in a game people lag all over the place the servers are s---. PLEASE DEVELOPERS FIX THIS. And dont even get be started on the ai in the pve aspect of this game either. SPREAD THE WORD#MAKEDBZBETTER.PVE: 6/10PVP: 2/10 JUST DONT
76561198083009616,Not Recommended,454650,28648672,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,hc_prinsj,Biggest BUG game ever. Save yourself a lot frustration. DO NOT BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,454650,35006055,Posted: 16 September,all,Justin,"Bought the game , and after 30 hours i still cant connect to the servers."
76561198300445964,Not Recommended,454650,26263951,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ATR91,"Characters falling though the floor during a fight, during a challenge the CPU getting stuck every time on the demonstration, key binding get defaulted online, ki blasts leave lingering light shows on the cutscenes and contrary to what i was hearing, the combat gamplay is pants.. oh and some stuff about lies and what not"
76561198356181327,Not Recommended,454650,31356417,Posted: 25 April,all,bruh,"The PC version has all kind of problems:1)Steam doesn't have people playing online. Everytime when i go online, nobody opens a room or when i open a room, nobody will join it.2)DLC comes slower. This may look like a tiny problem to you but when you get hype for a DLC and wanna come home to play it, guess what, you will need to wait until it's like 11pm in my time.3)Local Battle Bugs and Glitches. In Local Battles, when you either uses a Dualshock 3 or 4 controller and accidentally press L2+X (which is the same button uses for vanishing), you will activate ur evasive. And then the worst type situation is when your evasive is Hyper Movement or Tremor Pulse.4)Server Problems. This is not a big problem as there were no people online in Steam. I have a really fast wifi, 20mb to be exact (which is fast in Malaysia). But when i connected to the Multi Lobby or even SINGLE LOBBY, the screen will get dark and move me to the title screen and i'll have to reconnect all over again.Note*** The game is overall bad in PC but i recommend you getting PS4 or XBOX1 version cause it has less problems than the PC version.Note 2*** The biggest problem that Bandai Namco and Dimps will probrably have to fix is the server problems, DLC delay and Local Battles. The other problems is not some big deal like idk Bill Gates?"
76561198044202859,Not Recommended,454650,26312124,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Handsome Wheeler,"Game breaking glitches left right and center, out of map teleporting against NPC's just ruin your entire experience. Especially when the glitches happen at any random time during an in battle event, they may or may not happen and when they do it is impossible to progress. If the issue is finally fixed then the game will actaully be playable!"
76561198033424603,Not Recommended,454650,26407135,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Father McPheely| gamekit.com,Basic review? GET THE FREAKIN' BUGS OUT BEFORE YOU RELEASE A GAME. I use a special and half the time the stupid thing doesn't actually hit the guy that you are looking at. I got the skill Instant Transmission from Xenoverse 1 on the carry over and it doesn't actually transport me to the enemy but instead makes me disappear and reappear in the same spot. If I smash someone and send them flying back and press the power attack button it teleports me to them but 100% of the time misses the guy flying right at you. My leg passes right through them and does nothing.There are too many f***ing bugs with this game. Fix them and I may consider revising my review.
,Not Recommended,454650,30228507,Posted: 27 February,all,deadboy,"I want to like this game, but I can't recommend it. Numerous bugs upon release, some still present in the game. A few of the issues would be stuff like combo/ki blasts/and beams dropping from basic combos. Ais are inconsistant, but the majority of the time your ally Ai are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and useless, and on occasion the enemies are just extremely hard; with a rarity of them some times being as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as your allied Ai. The expert missions are rather buggy, and after a while get repetetive. In honesty I feel they took the same engine from Xenoverse 1, threw in a few changes and a new story then called it a day and profited off Dragon Ball fans. I've also seen some cheaters within the first few days of the game which was a buzz kill, espically if its in modes like the PvP which is where the core of the game should be amazing.Things I'd hoped would be added in would be fully destructive enviroments, bigger interactive enviroments that change as combat continued (ex. knocking someone into an something like a mountain causes you to travel else where) beam clashes would've been cool too, I will say it's a fairly optimized game. Hearing that it runs smoothly on lower gen cards like GTX 750s etc. I honestly feel the game is lack luster.One thing for sure that was exteremly upsetting was the bait and switch tactic. When the game was being released full year coverage was promised for bug fixes, free content. Which was removed a day or so into the release of the game; which as we know is illegal since it's considered false advertizing."
76561197994428948,Not Recommended,454650,32640718,Posted: 22 June,all,Mikey Boy,"System Specs:Core i7 670016GB DDR4 RAMAMD R9 380 4GBSamsung 850 Pro 512GB SSDWindows 7 UltimateUpdated review on 10th July 2017 after playing online.HOLY CRAPOLA, the devs were lazy with this game.The character audio and in-game music for the most part is lifted straight from the first one, you can tell the devs cut any corner they could to save time and money on this. Don't play it in English, the audio is STILL not synced to the video, this is particularly noticeable when the anime clips play.I've just recently given the online experience a go, and it's... a mixed bag. You need to make a team to do Parallel Quests, and then make a comment to the online players that you're looking for help on PQs. There is no way to tell whether or not you've had someone join who has access to the DLC or not, and no comment you can use, nor setting to only have people join that have the DLC. I've beaten all the PQs except for the last of the new ones, and I keep running out of time at the point where I'm wrecking Janemba. It's hard to adequately describe just how useless the AI is in this game, you really need a human player to help you out.I will touch on the AI for a minute though, to give you an idea of what to expect. Imagine going into a battle where you have SSJ4 Gogeta and SSB Vegetto as your allies. You'd expect you're a 3 man wrecking crew, right? WRONG. The AI for your allies is so crap that even with a level 84 fighter, you'll run out of time on the later PQs because these two idiots will literally just stand around watching you get beaten up or doing the beating up, and then occasionally jump in. It's stupid. I can wreck two AI opponents and KO them, meanwhile those two idiots have taken off nearly one health bar from the 3rd opponent in 5 mins, and lost half of their health each.My biggest gripe with this game, apart from the fact it causes my PC to overheat like crazy and fairly occasionally crash due to the horribly bad optimisations, is the inconsistency with the way they designed it. Battle items are one main gripe I'm referring to here. There are some items that are capable of refilling ALL of your allies health (as well as some or all of yours) - or at least, the description tells you that they can. Try playing story mode and using these. I've got all of the DLC, so there's one fight at the moment that I'm finding impossible to pass where I have to fight Hit, then Hit + Cabba + Frost while Goku jumps in, then they get a further power up and I don't know what else happens after this. Goku gets freaking WRECKED, and then they kill me every damned time, usually after I've taken out Frost, or both Frost and Cabba. I try using one of those items that is supposed to restore ALL of my allies' health, but it does NOTHING with Goku's health bar. He dies, then I die. Every time.Another thing (in the same fight!) that I find truly stupid, is you have to wait for about 60 seconds of dialogue to play through, which only starts once you have injured Cabba or Frost enough that they have less than a full bar of health remaining. During this time, you CANNOT inflict any more damage to the health bar of the one you hurt enough to trigger this bit, no matter how much you hit them. So their health stays at about 95% of a full bar while this plays. THEY CAN DAMAGE YOU THOUGH, and boy do they take advantage of this while you wait. This is insipidly bad design and should have been fixed.Then, there's the combat. The majority of the time, it's fine. However, as you progress, you find the vanish technique that you use to get behind your opponent is almost always countered. No problem, I can work around that. Oh, did we mention that if your opponents in story mode hit you while you're trying an ultimate move, ALL of your stamina disappears and takes an age to come back? Ok, I'll do that to them as well and make sure I win. Oh, but no, that won't happen. Beat the tar out of them with heavy hits when you got behind them while they tried an ultimate attack and it'll either miss, or they'll turn around, laugh it off and lose maybe one bar of stamina.The worst thing is when you need to heal yourself, you have to hit right on the D-pad, which brings up a display of which items you've preset to use in battle. While this is showing, there's pretty much nothing you can do to attack and even evading is impossible. So try this. You have 2 full and a bit health bars at max, but you're down to 1 and about a quarter, you try to hit an ultimate attack on Frost, which is dodged, and he hits you and this kills ALL of your freaking stamina - all 8 bars of it. You then have to frantically spaz out on the controller to try and get your stamina refilled, while Frost destroys what was 60% left of your total health and you can't even heal yourself during this time either.  If you're lucky enough to still be alive, and then try to heal, you have to try and create space, and you can't be reeling from another barrage of attacks during this moment, because if you are, the items are all greyed out.These are incredibly frustrating decisions made during the design of the combat system, and frankly it needs an overhaul.Besides the above gripes, the graphics are decent, the story is not that bad - although it's essentially a repeat of the first story except your avatar from the first game shows up to help out. I'd love to recommend this game but some things about it are just infuriating. It also seems like there is very little follow up from devs with this game, which is pretty sad.This should get at least a 6 or a 7 out of 10, but I'd give it a 4 or 5 out of 10 instead, for now."
76561197983359695,Not Recommended,454650,31653555,Posted: 9 May,all,GabeGWC,"If you're a dragon ball fan then this game will bring back some nastalgia for you. At the same it can disappoint you if you're not careful. The game can become quite tedius for those that aren't playing competitively. I'll explain what I mean.Story 4/10The story in the game in my opinion is not the best. It rehashed a lot of its elements from Xenoverse. I won't go into specifics so as not to spoil the plot for anyone that may want to go through it but I will say that you won't find anything new just minor alterations to the same story of dragonball z. At times you wonder whether or not you're playing xenoverse 1 with a more improved combat system.Combat system 8/10The combat is more improved in this version of the game. It seems more fluid and there are more ways to escape seeming infinite combos. The combo system feels sempler than before and some of the escape moves that were considered ""broken"" from the previous game have been tweaked so that the unintended advantages are no longer there. I've had more fun doing versus mode than actually playing through stories and sidequests. The new raid system is fun and unique also but being limited to only a few bosses can make it repetitive at times.Side Content/Replayability 5/10Unless you're someone that loves playing against others in versus mode there really isn't much more to do after finishing the game. I have a number of parallel quests to do but now that my character is such a high rank, they aren't challenging at all to do. I know that that is my fault for not doing the PQs in order but it is something that you need to be aware of. Also most of the PQs become repetitive after beating them once as you have to redo them to get item drops. Most of the sidequests outside of the PQs are doing the same thing over and over again. It will get tedius after a short while.Problems I have with this game:1. Transformations.  For example there were a lot of complaints with the first game that were centered mostly around cosmetics. The frieza race not being able to transform from first to third form is one example. Also there was the saiyan race no having their hair spike up when becoming a super saiyan. For PC players this was fixed with mods but Xenoverse 2 seems to suffer from this same issue with me. The frieza race has a ""transformation"" where they obtain a golden aura and get stat boosts. Also saiyans are limited to only going ssj 3.2. Character selection. I know that it is just bad business practice but the fact that Zarbon and Dadoria made a return just bothers me. It would be a different story if they included in a large variety of characters from DBZ/GT like the Tenkaichi series, but I feel like this time around they chose to include characters that are far too irrelavent to be on the roster over others.3. Surival aspect in each mission. It seems to me like this time around they decide to equate difficulty with numbers rather than actual complicated AI. In a lot of missions I found myself having to fight 3-6 people at once. Though I was able to defeat them, it just seemed like it was out of place. And almost every mission is riddled with multiple waves of enemies that all have pretty high hp. It got to the point where I found myself longing for the mission to just be over.From time to time I will come back and play a parallel mission or two but unlike when I played Xenoverse 1 I don't find myself wanting to try out new characters and level them up. After a mission or two then game just gets tedius and I end up closing it out. My final thought is that it's good for a temperary dragonball fix for a couple of mintues to an hour but unless you're hardcore into pvp/dbz in general don't plan on spending more than 20-30 hours in the game."
76561198091279016,Not Recommended,454650,26413503,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sir0wnedalot,"recycled and uninnovative. Like xenoverse 1 with a candle taped on it..  Its just not as good as the old titles. budokai series for example had a far better fighting system. and why the heck cant your custom characters fight each other ? so much wasted potential here. the crashes and glitches dont bother me much, but unbalance and some buggy supers and ultimates do.          The only real improvement i encountered was being able to change stats on clothes, so now you can finally wear what you want.still, In the end im having fun playing a db game again..but even if youre a fan like me, buy it in a sale its not worth full price."
76561198025555636,Not Recommended,454650,27021237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Meliodas,"Continuing with the trend of releasing sub-par PC ports, Xenoverse returns with a sequel that has the same antagonists as the first game, but with some random movie characters thrown in. We've got broken controller support (when compared to xenoverse 1, as well as XV2 on consoles), we've got crashes, glitchy ""Expert"" quests, and broken camera angles, especially in local battle. The updated combat system is not a worthy trade-off for all of the issues the actual game has. Despite the hours I've put in to this game, I've enjoyed it significantly less than the first one. Mainly due to the awful port and even worse post-release support. It seems like no issues are getting fixed anytime soon.This game has the price tag and flashiness of a AAA game with the quality and stability and development team of a bootleg indie alpha."
,Not Recommended,454650,26267619,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Handsoap,"I like this game.But I dislike how I can't change it to English. This shouldn't be intended, I assume. Bandai, fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047309978,Not Recommended,454650,28249577,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DraconiusKnight,"Its Xenoverse 1 Except:STORY: NOT SO MUCH...-Worse Story (really no story)-Extremely Short Single Player Campaign( Compared to DBX1)COMBAT AND SKILLS:-Less Available Moves when compared to DBX1-Ultimates and Super Moves are Really Slow to fire some take 3-4 secs-Supers, Ultimates are now useless, The AI will either Dodge, Blink, Block or Shoot you before they get hit or before you can fire it off.-Power houses like Beerus, and Freiza powers/skills totally useless now.-Worse Combat (new Stamina Break requirements and Sketchy AI abilities makes the game more frustrating and less fun.)-AI is now totally broken in Expert missions and later Parallel Quests and Random Quests.NO CHANGES: PURE LAZINESS??-No improvement in Graphics-No Improvement in Ultimate/Super Effects-No improvement in Environments/stages-Clothes/Costumes/Accessories are worthless and have almost no affect on Stats.-New Addition QQ BANGS are the stupidest thing ever created, with no affect on Character.-Parallel Quests Exactly the same as DBX1INSTRUCTORS: WTF HAPPENED?-Less Learnable Moves from Instructors (only provide 4 moves now)-Instructors are an after thought now, (as a matter of fact there are less of them, 25 total instructors) Almost all of them considered worthless with only a handful having useful powers.-Cant train with Goku Until you beat the single player Story.and they are super easy now, to beat)MORE OF THE SAME:-Same exact missions, with the same exact timeline changes etc, only this time Purple Power Effects on the enemies-Ko'd Enemies constantly Reviving, with full health and Stamina, after you just beat the $$$$ out of them.- glitches and bugs, Random crashes on a Beast Rig.Do not pay full price, get it after they fixed it and it goes on sale for 15.00 bucks with all DLC.. Then its worth it."
,Not Recommended,454650,31210668,Posted: 17 April,all,Swaggy Barnes,THIS GAME IS LIKE MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. SO LONELY AND EMPTY
,Recommended,454650,26351263,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Chasem121,"As someone who put in 200 hours in Xenoverse 1, I feel like this is a strong sequel to the first game. Not without its own flaws however. 8/10"
76561198165233097,Not Recommended,454650,34993392,Posted: 16 September,all,Scotty 2 Hotty,literally got it cause it was on sale first one was alright the♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't even loadspent 20 mins on the connecting screen was fantasticrather talk to my old english teacher about PEEs then sort it outrefunding much love kevin xxxxxxxxxxits the same as the first one but slightly less annoying but still good if you like my man goku
76561198116133193,Recommended,454650,30102485,Posted: 22 February,all,KA BOOM,this game is like the best game i ever play
76561198197048050,Recommended,454650,26278345,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Magikeren,"Genius work, so many things u can do and it work perfect!! totally worth it!"
,Not Recommended,454650,28145381,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,yes,"Garbage, it's just Xenoverse 1 with a different intro.."
76561198364523725,Recommended,454650,34513343,Posted: 26 August,all,Metor,a very very good game
,Not Recommended,454650,34009994,Posted: 4 August,all,Brotendo,The Good- Great if your a hardcore fan of the series and your dying for content in between episodes of Dragon Ball SuperThe Bad- Horrible mechanics. Sorry excuse for a fighting game. Becomes a bore after an hour of play.I would only get this if you absolutely love DBZ. Wait for Dragon Ball Fighterz if your looking for the next amazing Dragon Ball gaming experience we deserve.
76561198144588757,Recommended,454650,26263614,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,198514,"Many complains about how the publisher baited the players, but the game itself is great and enjoyable."
76561198029104755,Not Recommended,454650,35060180,Posted: 19 September,all,Lepreykan,I bought the game while it was 50% off. I noticed a growing trend with the sale and that while it was on sale those who bought it were unable to connect or load the game at all. I really wanted to play this game and I really hope steam and the game maker fix this issue and hopefully I can get the same deal for the game when it's fixed :(
76561198119750942,Not Recommended,454650,26623964,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ayy Lmao,"The game crashes way too often to be enjoyable.Edit: The game is now for the most part stable, however the player base is pretty much dead. If you want to fight others it's hard to find a match for 1v1, but it's no too hard to find a maych for coop."
,Not Recommended,454650,29849551,Posted: 11 February,all,WhiteDeath,"before you guys buying this game, please hear me out.. i have bought 1 physical copy of dragon ball xenoverse(ps4 ver), 1 digital copy dragon ball xenoverse (steam ver) and 1 digital copy of dragon ball xenoverse 2 (steam ver), from my experience when i play dragon ball xenoverse ps4 ver i found out that the game was so good and i really enjoy the game so much.. but a different story happen when i play steam version, if u guys only want 2 play single player then go ahead buy it, the game good for single player in steam version, but if u really like to battle with other player (multiplayer) then i suggest stop thinking of buying it because the server is so♥♥♥♥♥up!! u wont find any single player to play online with.. this problem happen for a long time from the first release of this game, i mean from dragon ball xenoverse to dragon ball xenoverse 2 and yes i know some of the player can play the game with no problem.. well i have found out only a player from a certain country can play this game, some of my friend (also in the same country as mine) who also bought the same game have encounter the same problem.. if u say it because of my internet problem then better think again, go n check my game library i got many multiplayer game that i bough and some of them require high end pc to play it.. and i have no problem playing it.. and seriously if by chance the company want 2 release any other xenoverse game then in out.. will look forward to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirate game.."
76561198251372728,Recommended,454650,26260389,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Burn It Down,omg
76561198021781612,Not Recommended,454650,26492498,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mr. Uppity,"The game's just more of the same. Sure, it looks a bit better, and has more stuff to do, but the bread and butter of the game, the combat, the missions and the parralel quests, are all pretty much the same, just a little flashier in some bits.Besides that, we have the boring movie villains, the horrible lipsynch issue with the english voice-over, and the voice acting being pretty 'meh' most of the time. I swear these actors just get their lines fed to them without any form of context whatsoever.I'm rather disappointed, as i expected more from the game. It's definitely not worth the 50 euros/regional equivalent they're asking for it.I've requested a refund for the game, and i'll possibly pick it up once it's 50% off, because that's the price the game should be sold for. (and to those using the age-old 'they deserve to get paid for their work' excuse: They have been paid, when we bought XENOVERSE. Many of that game's assets are just being spit-shined and re-used, so not much work needed there)"
76561198097985374,Not Recommended,454650,28100163,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jin,"This is one of the best games I've ever played and heres why you shouldn't buy it.The playbase on PC is so low that it's difficult to get into matches for pvp killing the end game the pc community has no support from from the dev's as it's a japanese game giving support to the japanese community IE Sony and the PS4. Don't get me wrong I love this game and it is absolutely amazing but... theres nothing to do. I can cruise through any PQ no problem restart and make a new character but that's boring as it's the same thing all over again which forces you to unlock everything once again. And the computers aren't even a challenge compared to an actual person so overall this game just isn't worth it on pc, on ps4 maybe but on pc it just isn't which leaves me stuck in an odd position buy a ps4 and this game so that I can actually enjoy it even though i've aready bought it which I won't because there is no way this game is worth a 500$ price tag or I can just accept that this is a cluster ♥♥♥♥ and never buy a game developed by this company again which I will do."
,Not Recommended,454650,26642120,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Baratation,"♥♥♥♥♥iest game i´ve ever played, this pile of crap is uninspired and just a bunch of quests that you solve by pressing X for the entire game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anime that was once great"
11111222223333444,Not Recommended,454650,26270061,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Duke,"I can forgive that the game launches without giving me my pre-order DLC, crashes near constantly, re-map my controller buttons if I enter anything like Endless matches with friends, and is overall a rushed buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can forgive that, I'll still play because its Xenoverse.What I find absolutely appalling is the bait and switch of before release promising a year of support, but then the moment it releases (an hour or so late, mind you) it then changes to ""6 months of support"". (Proof here:http://i.imgur.com/fdaHVvL.jpg)In short, I'm enjoying the game a bit, but the publisher can go ♥♥♥♥ itself for this rush job, that then went out of its way to lie about its support length.Edit: Nearly 1 year later, and its still being handled poorly with almost nearly nothing being patched or worked on. The lobby system still sucks, raids are still laggy and awful, and the netcode rewards people for having poor internet."
76561198228327924,Recommended,454650,28307529,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AlaudeClaude,"Easily a great game. The battlesystem improved immensely drom the previous game. The story is a little better, but  nearly the same in a lot of places. More and better options for your character creation. It has a rough start because of the immense amount of bugs.Many people say it barely changed from the previous one, they don't understand anything, it shows it.A most for the fans."
76561198054211084,Not Recommended,454650,27486096,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pape Efun,"It's improving. Really late, but it's improving."
,Not Recommended,454650,29903151,Posted: 13 February,all,Unregistered Hypercam 2,copy pasta
76561198068595967,Not Recommended,454650,29035533,Posted: 5 January,all,vlatkozelka,"I only bought the game for multiplayer since I enjoy PvP combat alot . And there's only one thing this game does well: combat!You can choose the moves you want from A LOT of options. And build your own playstyle, so each game is different.HOWEVER : THERE IS NO ONLINE !The online part of this game is basically DEAD for PC.Mainly because it is stupid: you have to walk around and use ""emotes"" (wave your arm screaming anyone wants to play ?! ) until someone responds. THERE IS NO MATCHMAKING ... :@So you don't care for online ? ok, the story is complete garbage, they copied the story from dbx1 and changed a few things. IT's THE SAME CAMPAIGN .GOD I HATE THIS GAME !"
76561198001553568,Not Recommended,454650,28382209,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,hovansc,"The game is riddled with bugs that don't just hurt gameplay.  They all crash the program.  Most of those can be overcome by something simple like not caring about your gameplay progress or not backtracking on the PQ menu.  However, I am getting absolutely fed up with this company's obsession with the RNG.  I repeated the same PQ for three hours at five minutes a pop.  The skill never dropped.  I tried over a dozen separate quests individually.  The skills never dropped.  I wasted a ridiculous amount of zeni and high level equipment on QQ Bangs, and outside of two mediocre returns, all I've had is trash to show for it.  It's absurd.  This is not fun.  It’s a colossal, and stressful, waste of time."
,Not Recommended,454650,26257154,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lou Sanous,"i woul not recommend this game to players that are new to keyboard. There are vary many buttons combos, and a lot of button mashing"
,Not Recommended,454650,26269735,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Diablohead,"So far this feels like a xenoverse 1.5 or a rather meaty update to the original game, if you have never played xenoverse before then start with 2.However thumbs down for the change in support on the day of release, an unwelcome and rude approach to your customers."
76561198290144503,Recommended,454650,28325853,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,NiGhtRawE,Best game ever. Love it. :D
76561198119462147,Recommended,454650,29235090,Posted: 13 January,all,Frost,Better then LoL.
76561198049435878,Recommended,454650,26268091,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Some So&So,"So there's a large number of people posting negative reviews solely based on the fact that Bandai did a bad in changing some things right after release, and while I understand these complaints they're really not reason enough to give this game anything close to a thumbs down. Call me ignorant, but as far as I'm concerned the only promise that I really care about is that the game runs, it delivers what was advertised, and it plays well, and on all these fronts Dragonball Xenoverse delivers.While I've only got 6 hours (though understand the games been out for just one day), I'm already more hooked on this than I was the last installment. The combat somehow has managed to feel even better, adding more dynamic camera angles, sharper graphics, and even crisper sound effects to make even the ♥♥♥♥♥iest of moves feel massive. You are in a fight from the anime -- teleporting around, throwing out your favorite signature moves, and bumping boots with some of the greatest villains and heroes of the universe.And that's not the only place the game has improved. I find training much, much more agreeable now as compared to the previous game. Before you used to have to just kind of cross your fingers that the trainers you wanted would show up, but far as I can tell now you unlock trainers and they're somewhere in the hub world forever. Oh yeah, and did I mention the hub world? Conton City is much larger and more impressive than Toki Toki. Not only has it done away with the immersion breaking (and frankly, ridiculous) load screens between each area and the wait associated with them, it's also taken the chance to flesh out the huge zone and make it feel more alive. NPC's are no longer stupid dialogue machines, now they can do everything from battle you to give you new emotes you can use when conversing with your fellow Patrollers.Of course everything's not gumdrops and rainbows. The combat is better, it looks better, it sounds better, and even the hub world is better, but I do have one solitary sour grape. This is in terms of the stat system. It was mentioned time and time again that cosmetics would no longer effect your stats, allowing you to dress however you want and still hit like a truck. In the end this promise was only really half fulfilled. Now there's a battle mode that doesn't use stats, and here your costume effects have no impact, but neither do the points you've earned. I find it kind of a cop out, and I think the game could have been way better if they would have just revitalized the point and costume system. But really, at the end of the day, this isn't a game ruining thing. It's just a frustration over a promise left unfulfilled.In the end I love this game. I really really do. I've already played 6 hours since launch (a lot considering I'm a busy college student), and I intend to log tens if not hundreds more before the year is out. It's Dragonball, it's Xenoverse, and it's (almost) everything that was promised. Don't let some paltry change to the tech support window dissuade you from buying it, the only person you'll be hurting is yourself."
,Recommended,454650,26266818,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mr Raccoon,"love the game, the combat is fluid not still like the previous game, and there seems to be alot more to do in this one then xenoverse 1, havnt had any issues as of yet besides the goku black mishap, but mistakes are bound to happen on a day 1 launch of any type of game most of the time. if your a real dragon ball fan u will get this game  and u wil enjoy it. as of the 6th month support crap, i have no problem with it, i never needed support from the last game i dont think i would need it now in this one. so its good, this game gets a 9/10 for being great docked one point due to goku black problem. they will fix it soon. so yes i reccomend this game if ur a real fan of the anime and manga."
76561198118813096,Recommended,454650,26746798,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Vegeta_ar,Amazing Game :)
,Not Recommended,454650,31871845,Posted: 20 May,all,Hoagiehead,"So it's been a while since I actually owned Xenoverse 2. I played the first one on the same computer, and I'll say that this seemed like more of the same, albeit with some tweaks to make it a little more enjoyable. I was fine with that. The only problem is that it crashed. Within about 45 minutes, it crashed three times on its own for no apparent reason. It also crashed every time I tried to open the menu in the hub world. The first time I booted it, it even got stuck in an infinite load screen loop. It was pretty disappointing, since I got it on sale for a nice price to begin with.Most people don't seem to have these issues, so I'll say that if you like the first one or DBZ in general, you'd probably like this too. However, I wasn't really able to experience enough to give it a full recommendation. If I could, I'd give it a ""maybe""."
,Recommended,454650,26683265,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,w o k e  n i b b a,BEST GAME BEST REVIEW BEST GAMEPLAY BEST PLAYTHROUGHS BEST PRESIDNET BESTBETSBEST
,Not Recommended,454650,33000666,Posted: 29 June,all,Alfredo Boyardee,"This game is nice if you like fan service and are a huge fan of the Dragon Ball franchise, but that's about all I've found to be great about it.The hit detection isn't any better than it was in the last game, and there's about a 50/50 chance that the server you connect to is going to have lag that makes the game close to unplayable.Additionally, the combat isn't often satisfying or skill oriented, as 90% of it simply involves mashing the 2 attack buttons and teleporting behind your opponent. Additionally, the majority of the super and ultimate attacks are useless, making a lot of your success in the game depend on choosing one of the select few overpowered supers, and because of this I always see people online using the same exact ones, usually Kamehameha type moves that have a massive radius and deal ridiculous damage.Also, the game involves a lot of mindless, unsatisfying grinding to obtain the best gear and supers and level up your character, but that's just about what you'd expect from any mmo game.Also, just a minor thing about this game that annoys me is their choice of music. Why would they choose annoying circus music for a fighting game?Overall, this game is good to play casually if you're bored or just really like the Dragon Ball franchise, but it isn't that great of a game by itself."
,Not Recommended,454650,33198227,Posted: 3 July,all,Cookies,"Let me start by saying the only reason I don't like this game is because it's NOT challenging at all.My biggest issue with this game is that to find some sort of challenge, you'll have to go to Online PvP, there is no way to edit difficulty of bots in the offline mode. It's a game that you won't spend more than 10 hours on in a lifetime. Skills are really basic, combos are sometimes unpredictable, what I mean by that is the sequencing in your combos won't form the combo you want 80% of the time.The customization is pretty good, but you start off with the weird annoying eye visor no matter what.The combat is somewhat good, but when fighting your character gets disoriented too often, causing you to miss a lot of attacks."
76561197991809463,Not Recommended,454650,33423658,Posted: 9 July,all,Bleral,"It's a fun game, the gameplay is rather solid, there seems to be quite a lot of content to explore and collect... But I just couldn't get into its setting and story. I have fun memories from DBZ from when I was a child, but I'm not particularly into it, so it all seemed completely random and chaotic to me: I couldn't make any sense from what happened, and I couldn't give a damn about who I was fighting or why.All in all: I could recommend the game if you're really a fan of Dragon Ball, certainly; but if you're like me, better pass."
76561198344525475,Not Recommended,454650,33289902,Posted: 5 July,all,Boobster,good game but i returned it. didnt like the music number one and yes i know you can turn it down and yes you can do alot but i just found my self flying through all the talking cut scenes espcially the older sagas as ive seen it already over 100 times in both the show and in past games. the fighting is cool but the travelling and going from place to place is annoying. dont think i would buy this style of game when XNEOVERSE 3 comes out i will be waiting for Dragon Ball FighterZ
,Not Recommended,454650,26445064,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ǝⅎᴉʅ ʎɯ puǝ,"Game for some reason crashes allot for me. ( i can run witcher 3 on ultra with no issues. ) So optimalization is probably♥♥♥♥♥♥AI is like a very unfair casino, sometimes your AI will be good sometimes pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ Enemy AI has a chance of being incredible or just ok.Most moves are♥♥♥♥♥♥Only playable races are Frieza, Earthling, Saiyan. The others are basically♥♥♥♥♥♥because you're gonna be down a transformation.Clothing options are limited for most races.Wouldn't recommend it 3/10"
,Not Recommended,454650,28604030,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,shadowemd,"Negatif, négatif,non, non ,non et non il ont réussi a a scrapper un bon jeuExpérience régulière de jeu:Sur moin de 7hrs de jeu le jeu a bugger plus de 20 fois (freeze,crash,bluescreen)tu tente de te promener dans les zone mais apres avoir parler a un personnage ton personnage ne répond plus a tes command soudainement ton personnage est bloqué et refuse de se déplacer donc tu dois tout recommencer parce que tu est stock.-Injouable a 70% du temps-Le jeu ne veut pas plus de 10$ developper dans cet état-Entre le 1 et le 2 je dirais que DB Xeno 1 ÉTAIT JOUABLE LUI-Beaucoup de problem a jouer en ligne- La musique de la ville que dire welcome to circus town-Sérieusement le jeu est bien critiquer a cause du fanbase mais fuyer-Je suis au début du jeu et mon storyline est bloquer par un bug tout un jeu (dragonbug Fu...overse 2)- Deplus ne soyez pas surpris si les control s'inverse tout seul sans raison apres un match en ligne:-( d'un ancien fan des Xenoverse"
,Recommended,454650,26312786,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Captain Kameji,If You dont have this game - buy it now!!!
76561198113958443,Recommended,454650,28766578,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Freezacan,This game is money well spent the battles are fun and exciting the hub is honestly boring but the battles OH MY GOD THE BATTLES!
,Recommended,454650,26270339,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Big dick Bazuso,"While I agree that what Bandai did was scummy and that they should have tested to see if the DLC worked, it's not really fair to judge the game on those aspects. The game is very similar to XV1 but it smooths out all the aspects of the first game. It's just overall a better more complete game compared to the first."
,Not Recommended,454650,30043194,Posted: 19 February,all,VictorY™,Basically a singleplayer game with crashes :')
,Not Recommended,454650,28720359,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,J.RN CSGO500,add servers ffs
76561198271793792,Recommended,454650,28154421,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dable Tart,Good game but would be better if there was a hero and a villan side of things for main stories so one set of main stories you help the villan and another set to be helping herosbut still reccommend this game for those Dragon ball fans
76561198330048513,Recommended,454650,26256946,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,tsubakirawr,"Edits: Wow there is definitely so much more to do and this makes the game feel more whole; however, the game will freeze sometimes when going through menus too quickly or in cutscenes.My specs:GTX 1070Intel i7 6700k16gb RAMFirst thoughts:+improved graphics+fighting feels more smooth+decent customization+plenty of tutorials for new players to access+addition of vehicles increases home base travel speed+no endless load timesThe story appears to remain the same with being a time patroller and all, but I will continue to update this review as I play."
,Recommended,454650,26256814,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,✗ Derping Hunter ✗,AwesomeThe hits are on point and 60fps
,Not Recommended,454650,26728687,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,caste1200,a lot of bugs.. needs to be fixed asap!don't recomend on current state2nd patch and still many bugs..
,Not Recommended,454650,30165185,Posted: 25 February,all,Lazy Titan,I stopped playing like a month after release because there was a bug preventing me from going online.Came back today and it's still broken.Waste your money elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,454650,26698301,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kung Fu Kenny,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing broken that its absoultely insane no one is fixing the most basic things in this ♥♥♥♥ing game and its infuriating you cant do any of the ♥♥♥♥ing great ape expert missions because they ♥♥♥♥ing go outside the map and its been ♥♥♥♥ing weeks since this game came out and no fixes for this.
,Recommended,454650,26313994,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Acclider,I have completed a story and thought it was very good however there is one issue that triggered me. I preordered the deluxe edition of the game and though i would be able to get future trunks and goku black. This is not the case as i only have future trunks. This has triggered me as i want to play as him very badly.
,Recommended,454650,26703667,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DJHammer,"Ignore the hate. Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 has been one of my favorite experiences this year.First, I have played much more of the game than before. I've experienced a good chunk of what it has to offer. So, I can solemnly say that this game isn't as bad as people make it out to be.Unlike most other DBZ video games, this game has a lot more content than just the story. As it is akin to an MMO, there are many other things to do besides the story. This helps increase replay value as well, as (in my opinion) the side missions offer fun experiences I had no issue with replaying.To address glitch concerns:Yes, the game has issues. Particulary for me, the ki blasts tend to hang around in cutscenes. Perhaps it is my low amount of VRAM. I've also experienced several crashes, but I trust these issues will be resolved. Heck, as of right now, the ki blast issue stated above hasn't occured anymore since 1.03.To address specs:I run on this game on an AMD A4-6210 APU notebook at an ok framerate. I set my framerate setting to 60, and dropped the resolution to 1280x720. It looks and feels great, except while in Conton City. (Turn the camera to the ground if you want the least amount of lag possible in the HUB). Turn OFF all other settings, except FXAA (which makes the game not look jaggy.)Back to the review:This game is great looking. Even at minimum settings, I loved looking at each environment and character.The gameplay works great, too. I use a Dualschock 3 controller with 0 issues. It shows up as an Xbox One controller, but you win some you lose some.You can train under tons of Dragon Ball characters, and fight other people's original characters. Apposed to the original Xenoverse, mentors are now ""Instructors"" and can be found at all times in the city. You unlock them by completing Advancement Tests (which if you Z Rank the first five, you unlock a sixth and can get Potential Unleashed!), which pit you against every Instructor in that class. My only issue is that the bar to move to the next class fills much too quickly; I found myself unlocking Kai class before I even defeated Frieza in the story mode.Parallel Quests return with a venegence: Over 90 quests are available in the main game. Ultimate Finishes are much better to obtain, as filling out the requirement nets you it every time. This wasn't the case in the first game.Skills galore: Now including new powered up versions of previous skills, such as Kaioken Kamehameha, and one of my new favorites Final Kamehameha (SSJ Blue Vegito looked awesome using it. He's not the game yet, though. Get to it, Bandai!)TRANSFORMATIONS WORK GOOD NOW! And EVERYONE has one!: Whether you're a brutal Saiyan male with a Basic Attack of 125, or a Namekian with more stamina bars than you can count, everyone gets a transformation this time around. And it's not just Potential Unleashed, either. Saiyans can now go up to Super Saiyan 3, and Frost Demons can go Golden just like Frieza in Dragon Ball Super/Resurrection of F. I'll admit, Majins do have the short end of the stick with a Kid Buu transformation. Like, they couldn't have added something else, or at least made them keep their clothes? You also can't spam anymore. No more of that SSJ Ultimate-spam bullcrap.There are some things that they added that make it that much better:-More Customization Options-Bigger Hub World-More ways to train-More everythingI haven't tested online. I only used it in Xenoverse 1 to do quests, never PvP. I'd make sure you have a good connection (preferably Wired) before attempting it.About the first game:If you played it, I assure you that this game is NOT a copy paste. Having sunk at least 100 hours into Xenoverse 1 on PS3, I haven't yet thought to myself ""I've already played this."" The game has been overall restructured in a way that won't make you feel like it's just an upgrade. Even though this game shares essentially the same story, I feel as though it isn't simply full price DLC.What do I think?If you have $50, and a capable PC, buy this game. Every Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, even GT or Super fan, must buy this game. My friend has only watched the original Dragon Ball, and he said he loves this game. Do yourself a favor.WARNING: DO NOT BUY THE DLC QUITE YET! Until the first pack officially launches, avoid DLC. I made a mistake of getting it too early the first time, and I ended up not caring for it. If the DLC comes out and it ends up to be super good, by all means, BUY IT! So far the first DLC pack looks good, but you can never be too sure.FINAL REVIEW SCORE: 8.7/10"
76561198046412025,Not Recommended,454650,29944827,Posted: 15 February,all,I'm bad,"This game is just xenoverse but with more characters and features that could've been added to xenoverse in the first place. Theres nothing new or novel about this game and the moves and playstyle is the same.Playing online is also non-existent, you see a few people in the lobby but you can't find ANY rooms for battles, quests or raids with anyboyd online. You can't even type for literally no reason except the fact that the they were too lazy to add the feature for PC so its very hard to recruit people in the lobby. ♥♥♥♥♥♥game, could be way better but its really not."
,Recommended,454650,33168965,Posted: 2 July,all,S U P E R B L A M,best naruto game ive ever played
76561198037576203,Not Recommended,454650,33620986,Posted: 17 July,all,KingCoconut,"I don't know if you can tell by my profile picture- I like Dragon Ball a lot. There's a bias there. So just kind of shove that in your mind hole for the rest of this review.Cool.So it's fun making your Dragon Ball deviantart OC. It's fun fighting other people's deviantart OC's. It's fun exploring the hub world. There's just like a lot of fun there. I even had fun losing over and over as Hercule online for that one oh so sweet victory, take that Super Saiyan 4 Goku you pathetic whelp bow before the true champ! The hero has come andUntil the end of the game.Honestly, postgame, there's like nothing to do and the things you can do freeze half the time. Seriously. If you're an idiot like me that tries to complete every paralell quest, which are fights with other characters that are only kind of scripted and are treated like extra missions that give you some pretty fun rewards and new moves, good luck. As you go down the row towards the last 20 or so, they start to bug out and freeze the game. As far as I can tell, some are impossible to complete.Alongside that, fighting in this after a while is only kind of fun. Building your character is a great time, but after a while, unless you have a reeeeal weird build, it's more a game of how much stamina can you drain on hurting someone before you need to stop, and when's the best time to blow all your ki on one to two ultimates. Basic super attacks are really just not as efficient, especially later on when enemies can have like 5 health bars and you're fighting two at once with a time limit.That's another thing- There's always time limits. Why on earth are there always time limits? In fact, the only time there isn't a time limit are story missions, one of which involves the earth, which is supposedly about to blow up in 5 minutes. True to the show, you can take your sweet time on that one.And the story is only okay. It's really cool to see your old character from the previous game in this one, but they are never playable, never contribute more than Trunks (In story) or any other AI (In gameplay) so it really feels like a wasted opportunity. And while they explore the ramifications of old Dragon Ball Z stuff having an extra person and the story is just a little messed up, you basically don't make an impact in any of the Super stuff, despite being able to take on literally anyone. Anyone at all. The only person who acknowledges it is Whis, who makes casual remarks about how you're obnoxiously strong but never acts on the fact that your custom character is more powerful than literally anyone ever.But story gripes aside, I'd make this a positive review if it didn't crash so much. Gameplay issues aside, I had fun. I honestly did. And I will continue to do so. Not just to achieve the illusive Hercule win streak online, but because I honestly enjoy the menial things- customizing my character's outfit down to their choice of gloves, picking movesets, allocating stats, it's honestly fun to throw my bizarre imagination and strange ideas in with these canon, comparitively normal characters.Just please fix the freezing. Thanks."
76561198043725288,Recommended,454650,28299128,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Joe Ramsey,Way better than XV1!
76561198089121256,Not Recommended,454650,30197198,Posted: 26 February,all,⭐ManemKin⭐,Keeeps Crashing
,Recommended,454650,26298921,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SKEET GANG,Stunning
,Recommended,454650,28905041,Posted: 1 January,all,WAFFLE CONE,"i had fun with this game, but sometimes the game crashes in the  middle of quest... sometimes... yet overall i say its a fun game."
76561198075667827,Recommended,454650,30184806,Posted: 25 February,all,<Donald Duck>,better then the first one but still meh needs improvement
76561198129706309,Recommended,454650,31873603,Posted: 20 May,all,cfthegreatest,legendary game
76561198305247849,Recommended,454650,34824235,Posted: 8 September,all,Speed,Its a really good game if you try it. Just past 250 hours on this game.
76561198034887246,Not Recommended,454650,35016887,Posted: 17 September,all,Kuma,"Started the game and it was stuck on a connection screen, l left it on for about two hours with no connection. Was pretty excited to play the game unfortunately got over no connection and refunded."
,Recommended,454650,35020201,Posted: 17 September,all,T-Rex™,welll its a good game unfortunately im the only one that played in asia for now lol 9/11
,Recommended,454650,31285774,Posted: 21 April,all,ItzThirsty SkinsGambling.com,"Bought the game 3 hours ago, stopped playing it just now because i have to go to sleep.My thoughts?:The game is a lot of fun... The fighting is definetly my favorite part.10/10 would play again."
76561198280639327,Not Recommended,454650,26263145,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Bakrapapa,"I play this game with a X-box controller. This game is really not what you expect. The controles are just awfull and the combo's in the training are not doable. I played a lot of games and in this game you must push a few buttons to perform a combo. But! when you do that most of the time the game doesn't see the combinations you make so it kinds of creates its own. One of the combo's is shown with an arrow up but you must use thumb stick. So there is that, a big mistakes in the beginning alone. I say this game is unworthy and doesn't deserve any credits. Y + B is not recognized so y+b+a and over again is not possible. And trust me, the controller is just fine. Every game goes smoothly but this one. I had high hopes, and now they are gone. They should do something about recognizing controles before releasing a game like this. This is just awful. I have no good words for this. Well, the fact your strength is increasing rapidly. That is fun."
,Recommended,454650,26262624,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MonkeyBone,"If you're curious about how much of an upgrade it is from the first game then I can tell you, it's more like a really big expansion pack than a sequel.Don't let that put you off though as it has had a combat re-working that renders the original game unplayable now, a far better hub that extends to places like Frieza's space ship and Hurcules Mansion, many, many more missions to complete, and a story mode that has some legit well done parts like Future Gohan and Majin Vegeta. As for customisation with clothing not everything can be coloured and they still have stats however you can make an item called a QQ Bang which forces it's own stats onto your clothing meaning you can use what you want this time, there's added facial features for all races but not much, honestly they could have done better.Long story short it's a huge expansion created to keep fans happy while development of XV3 takes place and it certainly lives up to that. If you enjoyed the first game, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,454650,26395238,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,wildman12693,"Cons:It crashes. A lot.You can't change the color of about 90% of the armor in the game.Some ultimate attacks that are crazy, crazy strong and overly priced are broken garbage. They don't hit, easily escaped, etc.It crashes way too damn much.You can't chat however you want making it difficult to vent frustrations and I end up punching something instead. All I can say is ""Cool!"" or ""Hello!"" or ""Thanks a lot!"". Yep. Frustrations furtherly frustrated.If you fight up against a wall, chances are you'll get very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and lose the fight as it prevents you from moving, seeing, attacking, etc. It basically ♥♥♥♥s you completely and it's extremely irritating.Connect to too many people at once and it'll disconnect you most likely. I've never completed a match involving 6 people.Did I mention that it crashes a lot?Pros:It's fun. Like really fun.Female characters have amazing figures. For once It's not unpleasing to look at.Character customization is always a plus.It's on Steam so I can use the review system to vent my frustrations, delete the review and then write another to continue to vent said frustrations."
,Recommended,454650,34968308,Posted: 15 September,all,EntoKI,Recommend to Play :3
76561198083682639,Recommended,454650,34972670,Posted: 15 September,all,| ⍟karbou9⍟ | Gamdom.com,"the best dragon ball z game, i love it to the last bit. is so good, i play it every day and its so much fun!!"
76561198021697960,Recommended,454650,26682070,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,thesnowfox84,While fun it feels more like a update to the first one or a rehash. the side quests are fun and gives the hub world more life while the best thing improved in the hub world is the fact that your not hunting down that one last trainer you need to get your favourite Super attack. last thing it was a great idea to port your old character from the last game over to be a NPC it was a nice touch.
,Not Recommended,454650,27607065,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Senator Shroak,"The game itself is fun, but the netcode is god-awful.  I'll edit this as soon as it's fixed.EDIT: The netcode is still broken.  Thanks, DIMPS.  I'll enjoy the game as soon as you decide to get off your♥♥♥♥♥and actually fix your game."
76561198019152277,Not Recommended,454650,27840828,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spartacus,"First of all, when fresh installed, this game doesn't run. As in, it doesn't even start. It gives no reason why it doesn't start but when I run the exe directly it says that some dlls are missing. Nice start! I had to use a youtube video for instruction on where to get the missing DLLs which is never good.The game sometimes crashes on loading screens. I get random graphical glitches (Radeon 6800HD) including black screen flashes (after reducing what graphical settings I could). The main criticism is that it is boring AF. It's the worst parts of MMORGPs with a DB front. I spent all my time on boring random quests for progression and had very little fun.Big selling point seems to be that it's your hero, but it feels like you spend most of your time feeling like a tool going between random quests for whoever is offering them. Ex. collecting rocks, delivering milk.I grinded through this game in the hopes that I would begin to find it fun; but it never did. I may return to this game every now and then in the hopes that it'd be fun but I'll likely just disappoint myself."
,Not Recommended,454650,26449725,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ForteDS,"This game is an improved version of Xenoverse 1, which I enjoyed greatly. If you liked Xenoverse 1, you will find enjoyment here as well. So, why do I not recommend this game? Two reasons.The first reason is that the game is a little buggy, and the timing to when it reveals itself tells a disturbing story. As you play, things will be going relatively smoothly. You will go through the various parts of the DBZ universe, correcting mistakes, until you finally finish the Cell saga. It's at this point the expert missions start showing up, and it's at this point where my issue begins. The expert bosses, while fun, like to throw giant Ki blasts and task the players to throw it back. The problem is that the game likes to throw these blasts out of bounds, and warp the boss to somewhere out of bounds as well. The end result being a mission where you have to hit retry or back to Conton City in Offline mode, or ALT + F4 out, or wait for the timer to run out on Online Mode. I had more than one game end with my almost certain victory, only to have, say, Omega Shenron throw a Giant Ki Blast out of bounds and have victory cheaply taken from me. Why do I call this particularly disturbing? Because I don't think a speedrunner could make it to this part of the game, see how bugged it is, and exit in time to meet the two hour steam refund policy. Once this particular issue is resolved, I'm probably going to delete this review, but until then, I want this known.Secondly, it's a little too much of the same as Xenoverse 1. The mechanics have been improved and the AI knows how to dodge and will demand that you figure out how as well, and you have to do some setup work to hit with most of your specials now, but most of the side missions and a lot of the story is more or less copy and paste from the first. Yeah, there is a lot new in the game too, but good luck shaking the feeling that you already played this last year. It's basicly a $50 expansion of the first game, only with broken elements.All and all, if you haven't played the first game, it's probably worth full price for what is more or less the Definitive Edition of the first game, but if you already played the first, wait for a sale at best."
,Recommended,454650,30406788,Posted: 9 March,all,MilchChocolate,ATTENTION ALL PROUD WARRIORS
,Not Recommended,454650,31867614,Posted: 20 May,all,Hate,Game broke after the first mission. I needed to select a hero for the city and it wouldn't let me all it kept saying is you need to delete your dbz 2 character and it wouldn't let me continue. I deleted the whole game twice then I gave up and refunded it. GG no RE WP
,Not Recommended,454650,26477249,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,blacckang,Id like the 50 dollars and 80 hours i spent on this game back namco kill yourself i dont recommend anyone supporting this company until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together
76561198098104770,Recommended,454650,26345241,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,OvvY,Best Dragon Ball game Type of all time!8/10
76561198293859089,Recommended,454650,26542170,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,KO-ken_times adiel,cool game love it
76561198334571171,Recommended,454650,26565649,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PROfessorPanda,This gmae is great and I recomend it for everyone who watched dragon ball super GT and Z
76561198248923550,Recommended,454650,26266344,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Darkness249,Preordered game and no goku black. Decent quality thoPlus everyone only speaks japanese.
76561198264886385,Not Recommended,454650,29768453,Posted: 7 February,all,Reiter,"Dragonball Xenoverse 2 is a broken and unfinished game with sloppy mechanics.Graphics:The games visuals are beautiful (especially the CGI) with an art style that complements the source material very nicely. I dont watch the show or read the manga (the only reason I got the game was due to a freinds reccomendation) but from what I've seen, all the characters look accurate to their original counterparts.Story:As I've said, I dont follow the series nor manga so I dont know much about story. All I know is that an evil witch is trying to change the past and you need to time travel to stop her. I cant critique it due to me being unable to finish the game (which we'll get to later trust me) so it may have some Bioshock level plot twist at the end, who knows.Gameplay:Gameplay is like every other fighting game, light and heavy attacks that go at different speeds with energy blasts as a ranged option. DBX2 also has special moves, such as the iconic Kamehameha and Galick Gun, which need a resource called Ki to use. The fighting system works well in 1v1 fights but when facing multiple opponents it is really clunky.Mission Design (or lack there of) :This game thinks giving you an often times brokenly overpowered enemy who will stun lock you for years doing the damage in one hit it would take you 2 of your strongest attacks to do is a fair boss. I love fair challenge in games (the soulsborne franchise is my favorite game series) but unless you do the boring parrelel quests you wont be levelled up enough to do the♥♥♥♥♥♥missions which are all ""fight x with y"".THE STUPID NAPPA EXPERT FIGHT WHICH IS MANDATORY TO DO BUT COMPLETELY BROKEN:Heres why I cant complete the game. About halfway through the story you will have to do a mission fighting a great ape enemy, and what i think is halfway through the fight (how would I know) he spawns in a position where he will use an attack you must fly into to stop. I've tried the fight a good 10 times now using each method/fix I can find online and none help. This glitch happens as he spawns a certain distance away from you meaning that they would have needed less lines of code to have a fixed version of the fight vs the current one. At the moment the code says something along the lines of   ""set position to players z - x"" wheres it could just be ""set position to z x"".In summary, steer clear of the game unless your a die hard DBZ fan or massochist.3/10"
,Not Recommended,454650,35093368,Posted: 20 September,all,CocoaKitties,"I have purchased this game.  It is fair.  I bought it when it was on a $20 sale when the original price was $50.  So I at least saved cash on a loss.  My PC is deinitely strong enough to play this game, I play Prey with no issues.  The game could not play it would cause my PC to freeze, close the steam program, and letter keys on my keyboard would open programs like the letter S key would open my Mail app for some reason.  My windows key is disabled, so I would have to shut the PC down through the power button.  I do not want to cause harm to my PC, so I went online to find a fix to this common problem.  I found multiple solutions, but one, sadly, temporarilty worked.  However after 5 hours and 45 minutes into the game the problems came back. I guess I have to buy this on the Switch if I want to play it, or fight through the screw ups it has on the Steam port."
76561197988845145,Recommended,454650,26603478,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Smilin Sloth,"Great game and all around better then the first one, they even added characters i was hoping they would.Slight crashing error right near the start on PC happened alot but didn't stop me from re opening and playing on!"
,Recommended,454650,35397997,Posted: 1 October,all,Jun ❤,Fun
,Recommended,454650,35466228,Posted: 4 October,all,Ostuni,"Can't enjoy the modding community even if you only play offline, sound fair, doesn't it?EDIT: There is a workaround, BUT all this drama from other players couldve been avoided in a variety of ways. I begrudgingly changed my recomendation ONLY out of respect to the modding community & because I want people to know it isn't dead, and you CAN mod this again."
76561197993425009,Not Recommended,454650,26500254,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,b1nd3r512,Its a down vote but i do recommend this game. it is a major improvement on alot of the first ones flaws and its incredibly fun. BUT currently the game crashes alot.My specI7 670016gb ramGTX 9701tb ssdI know im not the only person having these issues(just look in the comments and forums) and until it is fixed i will not give a positive recommendation. you have some difficult battles in the game only for it to crash as you win or are about to win. its pathetic that 0 testing is done on pc versions of games these days. Negative ratings are the only way developers learn.
,Recommended,454650,30410857,Posted: 9 March,all,Jessica Jones,lOVE LOVE LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198071920519,Recommended,454650,27594935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doobles³,I'm only here for the Steam Awards Nomination badge.
76561198039367217,Not Recommended,454650,30596823,Posted: 18 March,all,Wolflight,"Story fine. Gameplay fine. BUT playing online which is ultimately the one thing for me i wanted to do,  is just impossible, i dont know how it is on console but on pc the connection is bad, always have ping issues (although my internet is fine) and lags. I have the feeling the people i am playing with (if there are any online...) must be frome the other side of this planet according to my lags. Also you can not just leave a multiplayer game since you do not have a option to open the menu. You just have to embrace the situation and with some luck you'll finish the quest or you alt+F4 out of the game. I hopped this would not be the case with the game since i had similar experience with the first part. Offline, like local, the game seems fun but if you want to play online, just dont do it."
76561198095141653,Recommended,454650,26254051,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jūbei Yagyū,So this is alot better than the first but i pre order Xenoverse 2 and i don't see my Goku Black what's the deal. Other than that i'm enjoying the game.
76561198167411394,Recommended,454650,26253085,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,W8lifts,"Plays very well, game is fun so far. The music sucks balls"
76561198047346695,Recommended,454650,26924760,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lee,"La semana que me lo compre vi como 20,000 personas jugando.Ahora solo veo 2900 hasta 3000...Tan buen juego que es..."
,Not Recommended,454650,31099099,Posted: 12 April,all,Pirate-Cam,"i pre-ordered the game and i have a computer that runs most things rediculously fast. so i was super hyped. i downloaded the game quicklly, it wouldn't open, their were issues with the server. so i wated a few weeks, it was rediculously laggy in multi player, but ran easilly in single player campaign. so i wait. and it has been out for quite a good amount of time now, and it hasn't got better. the servers are terrible. most of the time i can't get on the game, it says not responding. i played 70 hours on this game and most of it is just loading screen. i recorded the parts when it was actually working and that was only 5hours, 41 mins.If you want to buy this game, don't buy it on pc, they put all their efforts on the console, then pc comes second. I have it on ps4 and it runs like a god.i wasted my money on this game on pc."
76561198310539920,Recommended,454650,31189795,Posted: 16 April,all,emi hai,pretty gud
76561198555700046,Recommended,454650,31188375,Posted: 16 April,all,Grumblyten49,This is the game i've been waiting for!!!
76561198304956516,Recommended,454650,30241827,Posted: 28 February,all,reventonsebi,Best DRAGON BALL game ever
,Recommended,454650,26255305,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DbzBro,AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198239184938,Recommended,454650,32689200,Posted: 23 June,all,TeamSoloFeeder,"The game in the beginning is very boring and uninteresting, however as you get used to the game mechanics th game has a lot more to it. Single player is great. I personally havent tried online so far so i can't tell but i hope it is something to play for."
76561198073165820,Recommended,454650,32695795,Posted: 23 June,all,Kakarot,A very good game indeed
,Recommended,454650,32369725,Posted: 12 June,all,Herobrine_Copper,Really Great and Challenging you get to play as if you were in the game! Fighting physics are great I havent known of any bugs except forJeice's hair makes him look like he has a beard or looks like Santa but I also like that too.
,Recommended,454650,28944618,Posted: 2 January,all,Only Kawaii :3,:D
,Recommended,454650,30302721,Posted: 3 March,all,JackDaZipper,"Ignore the hours it says I have, I tend to play offline a lot and that's not recorded.I have to say this game is pretty amazing.I love the new hub,I love how combat feels a lot faster and more fluid than it did in the previous game.I like how the trainers work now and the race faction quests.It does feel like the story is repeated a bit, but I suppose that can't really be helped when there is just 1 history for them to use.Mods are available for the gameRecommended specs run the game at 60fps.Overall I'd give the game a 8/10. It's great fun, and easy to pickup and play."
,Not Recommended,454650,26284536,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,averyasher,very fun but crashes for no reason when by offline PQ areaedit: crashes very often on my high end PC.  Freezes as well.During expert missions most of the time the boss randomly teleports outside the boundries and you can't do anything about it.  I would wait until these bugs are fixed.
76561198183468417,Not Recommended,454650,29580207,Posted: 29 January,all,jaredanbro_99,"After playign 2 hours online, i didn't ruin  into NOT ONE player....."
76561198360296584,Recommended,454650,33209199,Posted: 3 July,all,Kenji★,My Most Favorite Dragon Ball Game I love everything about this game really.
76561198357691755,Recommended,454650,33306037,Posted: 6 July,all,Snoop Catt,"get if you want it, it is pretty fun"
76561198358857752,Not Recommended,454650,33333282,Posted: 6 July,all,Jutsu-x,"dissapointed,dbz tenkaichi will always be the best dbz game ever made."
,Recommended,454650,33058829,Posted: 30 June,all,GayBeeBee,goodgam
,Not Recommended,454650,31895023,Posted: 21 May,all,admiralkevin01,"The overall game quality of Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, in my opinion, is a 6/10. There are major sections of the game that need improvement, ranging from Trainers to Questing and everything inbetween.NPC's (Non-playable Characters) are either extremely weak or extremely strong with their overall level of toughness. As an example, the Freiza Event at Conton City (Single Lobby) gives Metal Cooler some type of advantage to where he can block most basic attacks, z-vanish with incredible stamina, and stun-lock the player for 5-10 seconds (depending on the magnitude of your stamina bar) when attempting to use an ultimate attack after stunning Metal Cooler. The stunning feature that NPC characters have is normally triggered by the NPC's quickly getting back up after a stun and using a light basic attack against the player while attempting to charge an Ultimate VIA with holding the mouse or cutscene (Cooler's Supernova for Example). This feature makes the game, in some missions, very frustrating. If there was a patch to remove the singular function of NPC's being able to stunlock the player that is trying to use an ultimate attack, I would raise my score to an 8/10. *Note, I don't normally play online as of yet due to my friend and I leveling our first ever characters and playing through all of the game content that there is.I am reaaaaaaallllyyyyyyy tired of stupid NPC's that cant fight worth jack squat that only spam evasion moves that break you, your stamina, stun you for over 10 seconds, and are unstunnable. NPCs can break my ultimate move and stun me for 10 seconds while NPCs cant be stunned or interrupted during their stupid Ultimate moves... Pathetic spamming gameTrainers needed a slightly different approach than the way trainers are setup in the game currently. Training missions often miss the note that players should be afforded the chance to learn the moves instead of having to perform at maximum power against a teacher at all times. Some trainers were way too easy with other trainers giving uneeded resillience against the player trying to learn their ultimate move and utilizing it against the teacher to pass the course. However, training still helps the player at a fundamental level. Training is required to pass through most of the story arc as a beginning player, as I have experienced myself. I honestly did not hesitate to use all the trainers I could; great rewards/xp comes from trainers!The Frieza Event is very disappointing (Speaking in Single Lobby Reference). The Enemies are either low-level punching bags or super-evasive badguys with a secondary NPC at full power to assist when the primary NPC has taken too much of a beating. There are a few good rewards and a chance to claim a top three score on the News Board; nothing special about the event though sadly.A positive note is that the game offers a wide variety of missions to the player to assist with leveling, training, techniques, and honing basic skills that can be used vitally for critical missions in the future. There are plenty of entertaining missions to keep the player focused on acheiving new heights of power with their character. The story of the game was also very interesting in its own respect.Character creation is pretty basic, but good. Skill selection is super broad and detailed. Voices are superb. Music is a hit! Clothing is limitless...  QQ-Bangs and Super Souls are great additions to the player's equipment set(s).*Edit - 5/23/2017 - NPC's are completely broken, especially in offline quests. I do not expect friendly NPC's to win the game for me. However, friendly NPC's always get in the way of my attacks, never inflict damage onto my opponent(s), and cost me dearly for their mistakes. I have just experienced an instance in a Parallel Quest where I was defeated by SS2 Vegeta for simply trying to revive one of my partners, SSGSS Vegeta. SS2 Vegeta stunlocked me and punished me for simply trying to revive SSGSS Vegeta, which died to Gotenks... I was stunlocked for at least 5 seconds, if not more. that was enough time for SS2 Vegeta to leave my remaining health at </=5%. I somehow managed to turn the tide of the battle to my favor against SS2 Vegeta, knocking him out of a super charged blast ( or at least I thought I did). What infuriated me the most was when I knocked SS2 Vegeta away from being able to fully charge and release his Super Ki attack, he launched it anyway... The result was me pushing SS2 Vegeta away with my light attack combination and pushing myself directly into the remnants of SS2 Vegetas blue Super Ki Blast (which is impossible to be there in the first place since SS2 Vegeta isnt charging the ki at that position anymore). That literally drew the line in the sand for me. This is one of the many problems that has infuriated my interest in this game as a newcomer to the Xenoverse arena. I gave this game too many chances to improve on key features, only to be dissatisfied by end game spamming/ultra hardcore NPC stunning. Im saddened by these facts because I am a fan of Dragonball and all of the show's work over the years since it first aired on TV."
,Not Recommended,454650,28954649,Posted: 2 January,all,TUBATUBATUBATUBA,"DragonBall Xenoverse 2 for anyone a fan of DragonBall will be a fun experience to make your own OC and experience the power levels and insane moves of the DragonBall universe - with hours upon hours of (while very grindy and same) content at your disposal. However... I just can't recommend this game.Anyone else who isn't a fan of DragonBall, don't bother with this game - there are way bettter brawlers and arena fighters avaliable... some even cheaper. This game is also not the best PC port, updates have made it run better but I experience multiple crashes usually in periods of constant ones before a long period of smooth play. Bugs are everywhere, though I haven't experienced them myself I have seen countless examples across the community.I have fun with this game, it is fun to play. It also looks good (though any anime game must look as good as Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 standard now) but, there are so many problems with it - it is hard to justify. It's not a bad purchase... but not a must."
,Recommended,454650,28900016,Posted: 1 January,all,stephenod01,Dragonball Xenoverse 2 takes from the first game and makes it better in every way. More combos are available and even the story is good. The first Xenoverse's story is amazing and some of Xenoverse 2 story is identical to it but at you progress the story changes so much. It's a great game but this time it leans more to the competitive side but still appeals to casual players. If you haven't played Dragonball Xenoverse I suggest playing that before Xenoverse 2 as its also a good game and you would understand the story better too. Ive played over 64 hours into this game and i still love it evrything about this game. Every Race has a transformation and you can no longer spam ki moves when you transform. The developers have really improved on xenoverse 1 Which i played on ps4. Id give Xenoverse 2 a 9/10
76561198036719586,Not Recommended,454650,33362341,Posted: 7 July,all,jasoncmrn,no of the dlc is worth it the gameplay is glitch when u fight it AND THE SYSTEM ANOUNCERS NEVER GIVE OUT A TOURNAMENT UP UNTIL TODAY it really hurts u this game is cancer
76561198037518947,Recommended,454650,27887431,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ΛON | MalTheDemon,"If you liked Xenoverse 1, you'll LOVE Xenoverse 2!! I absolutely LOVE both Xenoverse 1 and I am just SOO IN LOVE with Xenoverse 2, and this game isnt just a sequel, it is a HUUUGE upgrade. 95% of the problems anyone had in Xenoverse 1, we're fixed in Xenoverse 2. AAAND on top of that, 100s of 1000s of new features and awesomeness was added to the game, I was so hyped I spent 80$ to PREORDER THE DELUXE EDITION, and I was in NO WAY disappointed, EVERY SINGLE SOLITARY PENNY was well spent on this game and everything that came with it and is gonna come with it, I've bought, played, loved, a lot of games.. but this one tops the cake. This game was the first game I've ever, 1: Preordered 2:Spent more than 50$ on and 3:Loved more than food.10/10 Would Save Guru's House Over and Over Again!!I give this game a proper Dragonball rating, 9001/9000"
76561198373230919,Recommended,454650,31268074,Posted: 20 April,all,dimasaby5,this is really awesome XDXDXDXDX
,Recommended,454650,33547058,Posted: 14 July,all,Lemony,Reccommended for all DBZ fans. I especially enjoyed it due to the Dragon Ball Super storyline. Buy this game
76561198236386584,Recommended,454650,33542809,Posted: 14 July,all,saokazuto2002,Fun game and emerges you into the dragon ball story would recommend to dbz fans
76561198159507564,Recommended,454650,32043600,Posted: 29 May,all,Im Not Cha-Ching,I Love This Game
76561198349885688,Recommended,454650,32024375,Posted: 28 May,all,SuperShock25,I dont understand how to make the game work it just says running the syncronising for a few seconds then disappers what do I do? I also tried everything an nothing.
,Recommended,454650,30344817,Posted: 5 March,all,Vien,good
76561198172866451,Recommended,454650,31700748,Posted: 12 May,all,DeaFest,there's no way you wont have things to do
76561197981128373,Recommended,454650,31637016,Posted: 8 May,all,Iceflame,If you like dragonball you should love this. This is basically a fighting action RPG with an MMO aspect to it. Like in the first game you make your own character and assign abilities to him/her. The amount of different possible builds/skill combinations/combos is just simply astounding. The fighting gameplay mechanics are fun as well due to them being dynamic and the large amount of different combos that you can create with the inbuild character basic attack patterns and abilities that you choose. Then you have a lot of roster characters available to play with. Each one has their's own move set for basic attack. All in all this is a significant amount of content within this game. Once you are done with unlocking all the stuff that you want or need in PVE you can look into PVP. I would suggest not caring about rank or anything due to the presence of modders. Instead you should join a community and play with them. PVP with friends and have fun!
,Recommended,454650,26409568,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Doc Smith,"The story was a wonderful experience. I would highly recommend this game to anyone. it's a fantastic edition to the series, far better than the first one. This is the definitive Dragon ball game."
,Recommended,454650,26461017,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Stock Man Eating,"A good game overall, but the online connection is almost complete trash."
,Recommended,454650,26362890,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,GuardiansOfTheTardis,"- Started game- IGN said the campaign was roughly 30-40 hours- Got excited- Started playing- Was under the recommended level, went in anyway- Did so for the entire campaign- Went in lvl 42 where the recommended lvl was 58- Kicked♥♥♥♥♥- Beat game in 8 hours11/10 Would definitely do it all again"
76561198216904543,Recommended,454650,28227996,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,eonoblivion,Drastic improvements over Xenoverse 1. The game isn't perfect by any means but I still really enjoy playing it.
,Recommended,454650,29197391,Posted: 11 January,all,crithax,"because Dragonball is still good, even on PC."
76561198198610115,Recommended,454650,28320978,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Captain Magma,It was fun
,Recommended,454650,26380659,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Allen,Great game! But please fix the multi lobby login for PC players. But had a lot of fun leveling my first CaC to 80. Just started my next!
,Recommended,454650,26381001,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Coxi504,This Game is actually pretty good. I dont usually do reviews but this game deserves one. I just hope the community gets bigger
76561198265317544,Recommended,454650,28684546,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mcmikeyman,"This is one of the best Dragonball Z games I've ever seen, but it ♥♥♥♥s up when Coora cames to fist your♥♥♥♥"
76561198193189693,Recommended,454650,28322257,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[DEA]Diablo virus,游戏还是挺不错的。推荐种族赛亚人和弗利萨
76561198049735378,Not Recommended,454650,29899318,Posted: 13 February,all,Discorvo,"Its good, but there is so much you could have done better. It really seems like the developer were to lazy to add really new stuff. Yes its better than the first game, yet its still missing so much content to be a good Dragonball-Game. I rather play Bodukai Tenkaichi 3 than this"
,Recommended,454650,26593963,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Karma,Great game I'm the best at it.
76561198093208742,Recommended,454650,27747513,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Microsoft word,"Great game....the original characters are amazing, the techniques are awesome and the animations are just perfect.rate 10/10 i strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,454650,27749934,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fox,"good game but its simmiler to XENO 1, still a good game tho"
,Recommended,454650,27750127,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jeremy,"This game doesn't change much from the first game and even reuses some old missions, but I still have a lot of fun playing it. It's kinda like an expansion which has a bunch of new story content that'll keep you occupied and happy."
76561198339954381,Recommended,454650,28471192,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,robloxlover69,I love this game so much! It follows DBZ so well and it improved so much from the first xenoverse. Kinda dissapointed that you can't transfer your safe file from xbox360 to steam but it's still fun. When you beat the story there's always more to do on it. 10/10
,Recommended,454650,31403210,Posted: 27 April,all,JmannDX,Everyone is Goku 10/10
76561198150684335,Recommended,454650,31367687,Posted: 25 April,all,Goku Black,best game ever tons of great dlc to
,Recommended,454650,31292105,Posted: 22 April,all,Autismo,"One of the funnest games ive played in a while. just when you finish it gets a little bit stale, otherwise really good!"
76561198043859750,Recommended,454650,26258495,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Andrew,I recommend this only for people who enjoy the DB universe. The only major problem so far is that they reused the same map designs and missions. Xenoverse II is more like a remastered version then a sequel (although the plot is certainly a sequel). However it is still fun and a ton of stuff to do.
,Recommended,454650,26253432,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Adam,"This is an amazing sequel for the first one.For those of you who want to play as your characters from the first one, he becomes a ""hero"" for the city, but you can't play as him."
,Recommended,454650,26256222,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ignis,"Amazing game... Hub is better, and the music is pretty good as well. If you liked Xenoverse 1, you'll LOVE Xenoverse 2."
76561198148064683,Recommended,454650,26256491,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheHumanGambit,fantastic game
,Recommended,454650,26256103,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Youtube.com/MoonschoolGamer,"If you like Dragon Ball, then you should buy this game"
,Recommended,454650,26256316,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bluzo,"As of now I only played 0.8 hours of this game and I gotta say, it isn't bad. I haven't played the first one so I can't really compare it to that game. The last Dragon Ball fighting game I played was Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3 and I LOVED that game. The fighting style was great the story was fine and it had nice little mini games to play with and without friends. I honestly wish it adopted that style of fighting but you can't have everything. All in all I would recommend this game to anyone and that I really enjoy this game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,454650,26256487,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,spooks,"wow ive been waiting for this to come out for a while and i think its fair for me to say that its alright. i by no means dislike this game,in fact i loved every minute of playing. now this game is very, VERY rough around the edges. by that i mean it kinda runs slow for me but hey i have a cruddy all-in-one computer. one issue i have is my pre-order and deluxe bounuses. they didnt show up however bandai is working to fix this. (i did however git the floating stick dealie) some animation problems occur as well like a character with a running animation after they had stopped moving. yes the game functions alot like the first game but it is by no means the same game. the hub world is amazing and im always finding something new. the ki-blasts are cool but i dont like equipping a super soul just to get a new type (should be choosable during character creation) my character transfer worked great and i got all my moves and clothes (it dosent say it but you can transfer an accessory too i think.) overall i think its worth the buy. the devs said they would be working to constantly improove it so hopefully all bugs,glitches, and optimization weirdness will be solved. i hope you found this helpful cause the time patrol needs you!!"
76561198160160591,Recommended,454650,26253401,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[TTA] TopThrillAnthony,Cannot use Black Goku.Otherwise good
76561197973243115,Recommended,454650,26254031,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Seifer957,Really enjoying the game.
,Recommended,454650,26254503,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SinisterSaint,I will honestly say I loved Dragonball (Z) when I was younger and watched countless hours of the show/movies.This game embodies the soul of that universe perfectly with fluid (cinematic) combat that fulfills that Dragonball thirst. The cutscenes are put together well and it feels just like it should (flow.)If you are a Dragonball fan or just like spectacular combat then this game is for you. I didn't post anything negative because I couldn't think of anything I disliked about the game or didn't work well.Have fun gaming!
76561198050266225,Recommended,454650,26255019,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,gatchy3,"The lag is driving me insane, I will however reccomend this game. But until the lag is fixed it is nearly impossible to play. Before anyone goes and says ""Your pc is not powerful enough"" I must state it is more than capable of running this game. Feels like bad porting in my opinion.I fixed it by restarting my pc..."
,Recommended,454650,26258493,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Beefaroni,good game. fun. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company. ♥♥♥♥ bandai
76561198085011102,Not Recommended,454650,26511172,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,elemental,Can't even scroll through PQ's without it crashing
,Recommended,454650,32377077,Posted: 12 June,all,Bladezx,Who knew a childhood show could become a hightened sensation :)
76561198131911999,Recommended,454650,26740056,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Nick,"One after noon in japan, an evil scientist known throughout the land as AKIRA TORIYAMA decided to do something very very very evil. He planned to make the worst joke ever, that joke being Dragon Ball Super. Sersiouly though Akira wtf the joke isn't funny a second time *cough* *cough* Dragon Ball GT.Oh and btw the game is gud buy it ;)"
,Recommended,454650,26337437,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Thrallsballs69,Better than the first is almost every way. So if you enjoyed xenoverse 1 you'll definatly love this one.Has a few bugs that need patching but overall a great story and better combat. Feels almost like the Dragon ball MMO we never had.
,Recommended,454650,26431859,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JoJo,It's a fun game but has some bugs that make it not fun to play sometimes one of those is it randomly crashing.
,Recommended,454650,26266988,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Captain Planet,"**********THE REVIEW IS FOR THE GAME! NOT THE PUBLISHER!!!!**********I bought the game on PS4 while waiting for this to release... I played a good bit into the story... And I must say; I'm VERY pleased with this game! Now that I have my PC character, I couldn't be more pleased! Anyone looking for a DBZ title to get: THIS IS THE BEST STOP FOR IT!- UNBELIEVEABLY better than the first.- Much better roster than the first!!!- Combat is SUPER smooth- Melee combo's are INSANE!!! You could literally rack up the combos as high as you want! Granted: Enough Stamina / Ki- No Ki-Spamming for sayians = very HAPPY!- Skill levels adjust to your level = MUCH difficulty!- Graphics are off the chain!- CONTON City is amazing :D- SO. MUCH. TO. DO!And the list goes on :D I couldn't have been happier with a DBZ title. Reminds me of all the good times I had with the Budokai / Tenkai series way back in the day.There ARE a couple glitches, but what do you expect: It's a PC game. PS4 has access to future trunks, etc. PC just needs a patch or two, and it'll be good to go :)"
,Recommended,454650,26300620,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Genocide,"There is a lot of improvements, for example the fighting, portals been improved (no more trying to figure out which one to go) the graphics, i personally like the story. It everything xeno1 should be. Cons? Quite a few, super ki blasts been nerfed, hard. x.x Most lost their tracking. Some dont work quite right and bugged. There a stamina break system but they havent explained it properly. Apparently you need it for some super moves. Since launch, there's ton of bugs that needs to be fixed. With all that said, it a lot of fan and lots to do."
76561198038604995,Recommended,454650,26336683,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DrEvilsPjs,"Excellent sequel to a fun original, compounded on all that was good with the first, and fixed most problems that many players were concerned about. Worth buyingfor any Dragon Ball fan"
,Recommended,454650,26378480,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Shafi1271,I really like the game and have just played 10 hours on it. It has much more diversity than Xenoverse 1 and I am really enjoying the content. My g Black goku always has my back as well :)
,Recommended,454650,26430524,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Flash,Time breaker hit confirmed cause of this char code: HIK
76561198300905434,Recommended,454650,26621660,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,wolverine_meister,"GREAT!!!but for me there is one little problem, i grinded the story so i completed it on 13,5 hours. but tho that is a good thing because the game really had good story and mechanics aka my fav dragon ball game to date."
,Recommended,454650,26301235,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Felix,"loaded in for the first time. jumped once, fell through the floor forever.got my first vehicle, got off of it, fell through the floor.first training with tien, got hit once, got stuck under the ground and managed my way out of bounds. and i still beat him.10/10 i love this game."
,Recommended,454650,30190010,Posted: 26 February,all,mefeL,"Ive played every single bandai dbz game since budokai 1. I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Defnitely one of the better ones.best features:-cutscenes-graphics-inclusion of many characters-multiplayer missions-biggest lobby so far.what im looking to see going forward is the original timeline of dragonball, dragonball Z and dragonball super. without time interferences.so maybe having two story modes to make the game a bit longer. so an original timeline mode and a patroller mode.maybe a few more graphic improvements because why not. maximise graphics for the nvidia/amd graphics cards man.been playing dbz games since 2001."
76561198150592846,Recommended,454650,30791918,Posted: 28 March,all,XAdiHD,It is a great game I'm enjoying any moment
,Recommended,454650,30697237,Posted: 23 March,all,Roomaster1,Good gameNeeds more characters and sicc transformationsWhere the f is Zamasu ?
76561198203096711,Recommended,454650,29144545,Posted: 9 January,all,Wennypise the prancing down,"My god. If your a dragon ball fan you need to play this game. The gameplay is great, the story is a fantastic carry on from the first game and there is lots to do you will almost never get bored. I would totally recommend this to any dbz fan and others if they want to give this a try"
,Recommended,454650,28900207,Posted: 1 January,all,✪Sloth,Great game I say it was worth buying
,Recommended,454650,28887039,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ソーヤー,"It's a fun game, you kinda just beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people for hours on end. The only flaws it has is that nobody really plays online battles and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it uses the Frieza force soooo ♥♥♥♥ing much."
76561198141198615,Recommended,454650,28892090,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ContagiousTiger,This game does get a little repetitive with the battles. For a true dragon ball z fan it doesnt matter i love the fights love the graphics. Its a very good game i recomend it to any dragon ball z fan!
76561198081274308,Recommended,454650,29134957,Posted: 8 January,all,Insane Darkness,"You don't need to watch Dragon Ball in order to like this game. The combat is amazing. The iconic powers are nostalgic for those who played XenoVerse 1. The fact that you can import your old characters as the Tokitoki City Hero is an even better touch.However... There are SO MANY glitches. Expert Missions have a good chunk of them. Also, at first, I was able to go online and play this game with others. But, over time, I lost that ability and it now tells me that it can't connect to the XenoVerse 2 Server. I don't know how it is for everybody else, but I lost a lot of interest in this game after that. Oh, and the loading screens became even slower too.The story mode is new and interesting. The character creation is just as diverse as ever before. The hub for everything in the game is SO MUCH larger. The races are more balanced than before. Stamina Breaking is risk-versus-reward, as is using Ultimates."
76561198048227370,Recommended,454650,29146297,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,Best deviantart OC simulator 2016.
76561198238882994,Recommended,454650,29175548,Posted: 10 January,all,Weeb for life,"**** BARDOCK U *** Y U ALWAYS SO MEAN TO MEEE :,("
,Recommended,454650,26747842,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Grong,"PROS:-Better Combos-Better rewards-Better (or more) clothes and such!-Getting around the city is a lot faster and better than always see like 2-3 ( or more) loading screens all the time.-Improved graphics-Cutsceenes is way better-Harder bosses-Harder difficulty (I liek it when it's slightly more difficult)CONS:-Some combos doesn't hit (like if you play via Xbox controllers: X X X Y Y)-Trunks's intro when you start up the game is annoying, wish to remove it and don't see it when I've seen it at least once. (I know I can skip)-Great Ape's beams can hit through walls.__________I won't complain about the DLC, but I will think about it when they make updates not free."
76561198268277825,Recommended,454650,26750568,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Grey Frost,this is the true first xeno experience dont bother with the first game.
,Recommended,454650,29135827,Posted: 8 January,all,Majin Saiyan,lag problems
76561198221749568,Recommended,454650,30732078,Posted: 25 March,all,davidsonny32,It is fun and i enjoy it a lot but maybe you could make a stam workshop for mods to play offline in
76561198298756756,Recommended,454650,26337376,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Elit3Doge,This game is all right but there are some things that could be better and some patches beacause I always end up under gound and i cant do anything or my enemies are under the floor.It's a good game!
,Recommended,454650,26301006,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ornsten,"They fixed everything wrong in Xenoverse 1If you love Dragon Ball, buy this game"
76561198094046374,Recommended,454650,26335909,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,W0t M8,"Great game, quite a bit of bugs but mainly cause its a new game so thats expected. Also, almost all the bugs I am experiencing are getting fixed in tomorrow's update. Also, campaign is awesome and the new city looks outstanding with features that I have always needed for a DBZ game."
76561198215673148,Recommended,454650,28400005,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,mr.holaam,its good
76561197990040437,Recommended,454650,31926644,Posted: 23 May,all,Creatine Monohydrate®,Worth it at 50% off.
,Recommended,454650,31447739,Posted: 29 April,all,Tugalu,Thing*/10Story4Graphics6Hub2Gameplay7Updates4Community0The community on pc is deadOverall 60/100If you like Anime then go for it.At least the updates are better then the once CSGO and TF2 hasIt's not a bad game but also not good
,Recommended,454650,34583674,Posted: 29 August,all,londonrd,"Fun and an excellent improvement over the first. Comnbat is fun and fluid. Story is much better than the first. The only faults I have with the game is the pvp, it died off pretty quick. If you love Dragon Ball this is a must have.P.S. This game becomes incredible fun with mods."
76561198113117762,Recommended,454650,28777068,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Magma Skull,i really really really really really like this game. It was all that i expected
,Recommended,454650,28780051,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LazyArcherM8,it is kinda fun
,Recommended,454650,26276202,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Xerapheem,"I like that game. Went in with no expectations whatsoever, cause my last DB game was Budokai Tenkaichi 3. In comparison Xenoverse is way better, with the quest and equip elements. Also which DB fan would skip a piece like this :D."
76561198076074855,Recommended,454650,32004135,Posted: 27 May,all,MikeMatei,"Definitely not the best dragon Ball game, and the cheater threats are absolutely the worst. But it's fast power heavy fights are desirable to the point where I crave it when I'm bored. Although I don't like Z it still delivered with some references to db and gt ( don't hate me I like it for the mustaches )"
76561198057815250,Recommended,454650,30916232,Posted: 2 April,all,GloriouSin,"Great, amazing game! But the same problem that haunted xeno 1 haunts xeno 2; and its super lazy AI design but otherwise it is such a huge improvement over the first game and it IS Dragon Ball so... Positive.Honestly though, this is a near negative for two reasons:!! 1!! ) DLC, cmon, the game is wildly overpriced and yet they squeeze even more ;p seriously, its 2-3 people working 2,5h each for each one of the DLC, and im assuming they are kinda new at what they are doing and not too well coordinated and thats why it takes so long. The DLC should be worth 1/10 of what it is, literally, and at most, cos its still a massive profit for the company. They are just being crazy greedy.2) Magical AI-am-losing-so-i-hack attack breaking, ruins the fun out of every fight ai uses it in."
,Recommended,454650,30507897,Posted: 14 March,all,Revenant,"Great sequel to the first one. Same concept, far better combat and improved game play. if your a dragonball fan this is the game."
,Recommended,454650,26470501,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,child predator,"Hands down one of the best games so far, I spend so much time playing it that I've become addicted tl the game9001/10"
,Recommended,454650,26459961,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,『The Outsider』,"i'm a simple man, i see DB game, i throw my money"
,Recommended,454650,26459985,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Qunt,Xenoverse 1: The good edition
76561198089250807,Recommended,454650,34066119,Posted: 6 August,all,Silver~ 💖,"As what use to be on TV is now in an video game and soon for the Nintento Switch as well, but overall, this game was a fantastic experince for those who wants to relive the days when there favorite fighters were duking it out with memorable villians that we all know and love but with you and a few plot twists addtionally.Overall, I most definetly recommend this game for all of those who are lovers of the franchise itself. c:"
,Recommended,454650,29358949,Posted: 19 January,all,Phantom Onion,"I was very reluctant, but in the end I'm happy I got it.I've watched dragon ball as a child, all the way until my teens and then I completely forgot about it.When I saw this, I was worried: ""I'm not a die-hard fan, I'm not particularly good at fighting games, will I like this?"" Plus, the negative reviews stating bugs here and there worried me as well.Well...! I have experienced no bugs so far, 35 hours in, and I have enjoyed everything the game has had to offer! The one exception is the very beginning. I felt like my hand was being held way too much, when all I wanted was to be set free and do things on my own. Outside of that, I like the character customization, I like that you can customize your fighting moves and special abilities, the story brought back a lot of nostalgia and I had a blast!I recommend it."
,Recommended,454650,28190365,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Beast,It is good
,Recommended,454650,28759077,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,skyzzza,for every dragonball fan a must have!
,Recommended,454650,28879545,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mungii,"This is what sequels should be. This is a MASSIVE upscale from XV1.PROS:-Very fast, flowing gameplay that keeps you engaged-Requires a good amount of skill (admittedly not too hard to pick up), so when you win, you feel GOOD-The greater amount of possible customization is cool-Refined cinematics-Trainers are no longer a hassle-It's just ♥♥♥♥ing fun-CHARACTER SELECT SCREEN MUSIC (and all the other music)CONS:-While it's mostly just better, there are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t unfair moments-Sometimes, your character doesn't turn to face threatsBut yeah, this game is amazing, and I thank the developers. THIS is a truly amazing game. Buy it and see for yourself."
,Not Recommended,454650,28802939,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PickledEyeball,"I only recomend this game if you do not own Xenoverse 1.If you own Xenoverse 1, this is basically a copy-paste, same gameplay same just about everything. You're not missing too much here."
76561198345591204,Not Recommended,454650,26674302,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SupremeTerraGod,I CANT WORK IT
,Recommended,454650,26253322,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GytarByte,This games so hot..I burnt my♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would inadvertantly burn my♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198311750349,Recommended,454650,33712599,Posted: 21 July,all,DrastikDonista,i payed 29 dollars for this
76561198095045940,Recommended,454650,33042809,Posted: 30 June,all,Mantuuu,I realy love this game and I hope we have more dlc
76561198138451246,Recommended,454650,33679340,Posted: 20 July,all,wilson,i love so mutch dragon ball! this game is very good but more DLC can be nice
,Recommended,454650,31349328,Posted: 24 April,all,Doogbaum,Hours of action packed fighting.The new specials and mechanics are nice too.
76561198321205669,Recommended,454650,31355662,Posted: 25 April,all,AmitGG,This is game is realy interesting and i think you shell buy the game you can buy DLC and get Cabba or Frost and Goku blackif you interested than  buy it
,Recommended,454650,31350548,Posted: 24 April,all,gmoney1091,Very good game!
76561198289361057,Recommended,454650,31355110,Posted: 25 April,all,cmeans00012,great game
76561198231767264,Recommended,454650,31351155,Posted: 24 April,all,SutatsuJunkie,cool
,Recommended,454650,26302698,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DickCheese2,"This game is as fun as the firsr, that's for sure. The offline quests and plot could have used more thought, but everything else about the game is great in my opinion!"
76561198181879325,Recommended,454650,26302706,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nobody,"Way more better than DBX1, and have great potential to imporve."
,Recommended,454650,26303121,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Lukas,One of my favorite games.If you are a fan of DBZ you will like this.
76561198236512532,Recommended,454650,26302635,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Crack Head,THIS GAME IS LIT
,Recommended,454650,26303946,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sonicboom9001,Fun
,Recommended,454650,26317230,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Taichi,10/10 would fall through floor again best game of 2k16for real tho scumdai scamco pls fix this faking game dammit
,Recommended,454650,32990020,Posted: 29 June,all,ColeGod | farmskins.com,"Just recently have begun to watch the anime series of this and I am very pleased with this game. Overall a good fighting game with a good story to it. Best fighting game I've played recently, other than the Batman series."
,Recommended,454650,26481712,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ItsJustJvan,I just started playing but I enjoy it. It will definitely take a lot of time out of my day.
76561198335705446,Recommended,454650,26332288,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,guerraypaz,Just an awesome game all around. It makes you challenge yourself from fighting to delivering milk
76561198038260174,Recommended,454650,26359429,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Seshayn,"Just as good as the first for different reasons.The first Xenoverse had an actual story. Which was very surprising. The gameplay was simple, yet fun.Xenoverse 2 certainly doesn't deliver you a good story... but it does deliver fantastic improvements across the board from Xenoverse 1.If you liked Xenoverse 1, there's a good chance you already own Xenoverse 2. If you don't, pick it up. It's a solid sequel, with a lot of new things to offer."
76561198201906797,Recommended,454650,31867237,Posted: 20 May,all,litel snek,"This game is ONE of the best games in 2016. The graphics, story line and DLC is amazing. Though I wish alot of people could still play this."
,Recommended,454650,26253440,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,C0LK3,Game is super
76561197970857145,Recommended,454650,33813715,Posted: 26 July,all,Cero,"I don't even like fighting games, but this is so much more than some boring tournament fighter.The game has so much customization and options I don't know where to start. And while mashing buttons works for a good while, when you get to the DLC, and if you haven't learned to do proper combos with stamina breaks, you'll get destroyed.If you like Dragon Ball Z/Super, this is THE game to play."
,Recommended,454650,26351674,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Noriltir,Better than Xenoverse 1.
,Recommended,454650,26253243,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,R.R.C.R.I.P.,Well this was my greatest jerk off experience10/10
76561198160997585,Recommended,454650,26736810,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Themaninyourcloset,10/10
76561198006395100,Not Recommended,454650,26367041,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Lavian,"EDIT 2: Screw it, the first paid DLC with its related patch is out now. I'm pretty sure they have norealinterest in actually fixing the game at this point. Even if they do care to do it some time in the future, taking this long for some basic fixes and somehow managing to screw up further things is completely outrageous. It's still fun, but I can't be arsed to keep coming back to check if I need to change this review.I'mtentativelychanging this a to a ""Not Recommended""until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and patch the game. It's loads of fun, and I don't regret buying it at full price, but I cannot recommend the game to potential buyerswith the bugs that are still unaddressed.EDIT: They just patched the game. It's still pretty broken, so this is still not recommended.And onto the rest of the review..It's Dragon Ball Xenoverse 1, minus the super armor on EVERY. SINGLE. BOSS.The balance has changed a decent bit too. They added a basic attack that can completely drain an enemy's stamina if it lands, along with a knockback, homing dash, and homing melee  strike. A bunch of the basic attack animation chains have been changed as well, so don't expect to be pulling off infinite combos with basic attacks at the top of the skybox with a female majin anymore.The AI is far more agressive without straight up cheating anymore too. Well, they still cheat, in that they have pretty clear damage resistance and faster stamina regen than the player, but you won't see them spamming super kamehameha one after another after another after another after another anymore (super saiyan doesn't offer unlimited ki anymore, and even then, ults are harder to land now and can be interrupted with a stamina break).Also there's less RNG. There's still RNG for drops, but you don't have to rely on it to get an ultimate finish in a quest anymore, so you're not dealing with a percentage of a percentage chance to get a drop. There's also no RNG with finding masters anymore, and you don't need to relationship build with them to get their moves either.Another notable addition is the QQ Bangs. They're RNG generated peices of equipment that you can make by fusing two pieces of equipment you don't want. Equipping one of these will completely override the stats of the rest of your equipment, so you no longer have to gimp yourself for fashion. You can be both fabulous AND have min-maxed stat bonuses now. Just don't forget to sacrifice a digital goat to RNGesus every time you dump a couple of 5 star pieces of equipment into the fusion machine.It's a pretty solid all-around upgrade when compared to the first game.There's a fist full of bugs at the moment though. Certain Expert Missions (6-man rather than 3) that feature Great Apes are a complete crap shoot right now. in that the boss may just teleport outside of the bound of the map, making it unwinable. Dinput controller rebinding support appears completely broken, as it can't seem to save settings beyond a single menu screen. PS4 controller support is pretty janky in that if you change your jump button, somtimes the jump button will be ""confirm"" in menus, and sometimes it will be x. Furthermore, the right stick's deadzone is inconsistent (it's sometimes fine, and somtimes absurdly large, and the situation you're using it in is not a factor), and occasionally the right stick will just die in Conton City after interacting with something (opening up the menu and just closing it fixes this).Oh, and guess what? They thought it would be a FANTASTIC idea to run an event using Expert Mission structure. You know that that means? Yes. It was broken. Though, running out of time resulted in ""winning"" rather than losing, so if you got the bug  that shot the boss outside of the map you won by default rather an autofailing.Still, it's a load of fun with my most major complaint from the previous title dealt with. Even with the jankiness."
76561198243381456,Recommended,454650,31086089,Posted: 11 April,all,truex_666,"I would recommend this game if you liked the first Xenoverse this will be a bit better the Enemy AI's no longer have those annoying super armors. However if you are looking for an online game like Xenoverse this is where it sadly messes up, so far of the 50+ times I have tried to go online I couldn't either get any online PQ quests, and have had a hard time just staying online (my connection as shown onSpeedtest.netis a constant 10 MB/s and still no dice on stability). Overall if you can get this game when it's discounted it's a step above Xenoverse when it comes to some game mechanics but the lack of players doing PQ's or stability issues staying online Xenoverse still did a much better job when it comes to that."
76561198329731583,Recommended,454650,26253408,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bob Jones,The thing I like about this game becouse goku is a sayain
,Recommended,454650,26351798,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Waffles ♥,The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death.... How could this be! ~Quote x20 Metal Coolers
,Recommended,454650,35186322,Posted: 24 September,all,Ortusak The Murloc,Dragon.
,Recommended,454650,35183533,Posted: 24 September,all,Eat shit,xd
76561198137820573,Recommended,454650,35202127,Posted: 25 September,all,#Aurora07,(i have a bad grammer so dont complaint about it tq....) so here is my problem now in this game...... for the 1 time until it update dlc 2 i have no problem at all with this game. but after i update dlc 3 my game keep crashing or i dont know what it is to call it. the problem- always go to dektop and go inside game over and over like u press alt+tab button. but i dont press it at all so. sometime it happen at select menu and sometime it happend when i already inside the game world. it happen randomly. im also try play offline but also happen so it not my connection problem. i dont know what to do now. to solve it i though i want to search it for help in internet but i dont know what it call to write it. so if someone have same problem like me and already solve or someone expert about it pls help me...
76561198057206477,Recommended,454650,26262750,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Riptor00ZERO,"If you like Xenoverse, there's nothing not to love about Xenoverse 2. It's essentially the same game with polished mechanics and interface and new characters, equips, and moves. It does still get repetitive, particularly as the early game likes to rehash content from the first one but there's plenty of new content to dive into as well."
,Recommended,454650,26262347,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,Better than the first!
,Recommended,454650,26262231,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,"Mark ""The Boss"" Wolff","This game greatly improves on everything from the original, DB Xenoverse.I've had zero issues myself since the minute it launched & I found myself deeply immersed in the game during these past hours. Speaking of which, I'm 10 hours in as of this review & there is still a plethora of content for me to uncover & I am looking forward to it!If you're a fan of Dragon Ball, definately do yourself a favor & get this if your able to. And if you're new to the Dragon Ball franchise, you're also very much welcomed to jump in as the story pretty much sums up what happens in the series to a certain extent, just enough so you're not completyely lost as to what is going on & why."
76561198066624848,Recommended,454650,26263869,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Iamawesome,"Just finished the story 10/10 would do again, didnt get my black goku like it said but somehowgot future trunks even tho i didnt buy the deluxe? eh w.e lol i never expected anything free from bandai anyways :D"
76561198153162055,Recommended,454650,26262760,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Truliman,This is the greatest Db game we got until now. It's definetly worth buying
,Recommended,454650,26262295,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wizzy Wizard,"Great game, just what i was looking for in a sequel to the first installment,I'd like to see an option for saiyan characters hair to actually change when they go super saiyan.. it looks weird when the hair looks exactly the same."
,Recommended,454650,26262352,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tcymcws,"still alot of glitches and bugs, but graphics are great , gameplay is great, everything is great, it's just a matter of time before most of the bugs/glitches get removed."
,Recommended,454650,26262866,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,he✘ed,If you like DBZ then this game wont disappoint.
76561198041968777,Recommended,454650,26263873,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Charlie,"While the developers pulled some scummy moves that are foul, the game itself is amazing. If you're a fan of Dragon Ball Z this is a must buy. Great game to play both on your own and with friends for some intense battles. There's no mystery that it brings hours of fun gameplay."
76561198125105096,Recommended,454650,26263062,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BigDedy,SO MANY THINGS TO DO!!! @_@
76561198019349616,Recommended,454650,26263177,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Anonim,Great game!loved the first one and this one too
76561198047567715,Recommended,454650,26263784,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,THE WOLF,"incase if some people dont know how to get the TAO PAIPAI d1ck, go to vehicle setting, and choose ""vehicle 881"". We got the d1ck, and havent get the black yet."
,Recommended,454650,26263842,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dragosnuv,easy thumbs up
,Recommended,454650,26463029,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bye.,"Oh how original a great ape under a map, haven't seen that before...Oh.... did my game just crash?Why the hell is my screen tinted grey?What is this clown music?!Wait, you're telling me that the majin transformation is literally a color swap kid buu?NONONONONONO!!!!! Anddddd he broke my stamina...So we have general tao's and pikkon's cloths, but we still don't have them as actual characters? GjAnd yet a direct upgrade from XenoVerse 1"
,Recommended,454650,26365907,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Colonel Harley,It is a good game but I would suggest to wait before the bugs are fixed.
76561198233791552,Recommended,454650,35077348,Posted: 19 September,all,The Master Fighter Guy,"Great, very very fun. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who hasn't watched the entire seiries, including the movies, but for those of you that have, this game is very fun. I noticed a few glitches during cutscenes (people teleporting, incorrect lip-syncing, and people just not being there at all), but honestly, who of you that bought or are planning on buying this game really care about the cutscenes? This game is great, however the DLC can be a bit annoying (with how much they cost, i don't actually have any.) 10/10"
76561198385655921,Recommended,454650,31981485,Posted: 26 May,all,masterofrko99,"Everytime i join my game,it always freezes"
,Recommended,454650,35010586,Posted: 16 September,all,❖ jSN. ∇,top
,Recommended,454650,35042137,Posted: 18 September,all,Saiyan,Very interesting gameRECOMMENDED
,Recommended,454650,35050553,Posted: 18 September,all,Winter,"I refuned the game, but mostly because, I hate using money on games these days. However i do recomened it and i do still want it."
76561198067608490,Recommended,454650,35114782,Posted: 21 September,all,MrMilkman254,This game is really fun.
76561198271758100,Recommended,454650,34991151,Posted: 16 September,all,Trunks Briefs,Great game love it
76561198138719465,Recommended,454650,35054663,Posted: 18 September,all,Epicdude8881,Great game. X10 better than the original. Worth the buy!
,Recommended,454650,35106702,Posted: 21 September,all,DaiNer,awesome!
,Recommended,454650,35108943,Posted: 21 September,all,호오빠,"Very interesting story, if you have been DragonBall Comics.Don't choose Ki-strike type.DB X2, Melee fighting is best."
,Recommended,454650,35109537,Posted: 21 September,all,Votrex,Really good game for db fans :p
,Recommended,454650,26304980,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Little Guy Weeb,This game is good for fans of the last game and of the series I highly reccomend it already one of my favorite games of the year
76561198006870453,Not Recommended,454650,26475799,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Qin,"Is this a good game?Yes and no.It's a  good ""Dragon Ball"" fighing game. The mechanics have flaws, but it's enjoyable even for people that don't know DB.So why a ""no""?It's the same game as last year. Some improvements where made to the City hub (it's one Zone now and not several like in X1 and without the loading screens to get in those) but if you played X1 you will allready know all the moves, most of the quests and how to solve them.It's a ""Déjà-vu"" but not in a good way like let's say in super mario. Where you allready know that mario is trying to save the princes, you know most of the mechanic but have a different experience, because of the changed lvl design and encounters.in X2 its a ""Déjà-vu"". just a ""Déjà-vu"".Now one could say ""they have to stay close to the manga/anime"" and i agree, but putting no effort in the lvl design, giving us the exact same lvls as last year with the information ""improved graphics"" is just a big ol rip off. I realy think the engine could run on a I phone with reduced graphics.If you never played Xenoverse 1 - then buy this it is fun.But if you own it and hesitate to spend money for Xenoverse2, wait for a steam price reduction.here my ratings:If it was the first Dragonball Xenoverse and not the 2. : 7/10But because its a lazy way to get peoples money again : 4/10"
76561198236873678,Not Recommended,454650,26531440,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hirosatos,"I really dislike how developer play with the nostalgia of a franchize, this game is broken beyond belief, crashing constantly in pve , bugs where the enemies just dissapear . and more crashes.even though i played over 200 hrs is just due to nostalgia, the gameplay is utterly boring, low re playability , i wouldnt recommend this if you are expecting to have more than a weeks fun out of it, definitly not a full price."
76561198277664633,Not Recommended,454650,26642115,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nikernius Speedwagon,"Can't recommend this game as it is broken. Attempting to finish certain quests can result in being forced to wait 10 minutes, or the quest failing in the middle of the event. Certain tutorials don't work properly and must be retaken several times until you either give up, or the game by some miracle and the grace of God it works.For instance, in my personal trial and error with this game.I was excited to see the 6 man quests where the opponents faced would require teamwork and effort from everyone, but when I finally worked myself up to that point and I had to take the tutorial mission (To advance the game as well) I was met with a broken mission that either ended in failure before I had the attempt to act, or when I had the ability to act the game failed to register what I had done and my opponent was left standing in place not moving, while the NPC's all remained stationary. The fact that this quest is required to advance the game has now put me in a place where beating the game is impossible.The art is amazing, the soundtrack is stellar, and the ability to make your own Z-Warrior brings out the 6 year old who came home from school to watch Dragon Ball Z. However the product itself feels disjointed, and in most cases incomplete or unpolished. I cannot recommend this game as it is now, at least not on the PC. I do not know how the game preforms on the console's that it was released on first. But this is a horrible PC port.5 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,454650,26530363,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zenny,"Very, very, very poorly optimized for PC. Having more than three characters on field at the same time during a mission guarantees slowdown to 10~15 FPS. Nothing major seems to have changed between versions to warrant this sharp drop in performance. There are also quite a bit of bugs that prevent everything from working properly, as I've had characters drop through the world two times within a couple hours of play.Xenoverse 1 ran completely fine at semi-high settings for me, but this version can barely function at minimum settings. Again, I'm not sure why.This is unacceptable.Do not buy this game until Namco says they've polished up glaring performance issues, but even then, be wary."
76561198259407498,Not Recommended,454650,26608320,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,vferrufino73,Dont reccommend this game cuz when i opened it my data was erased and i dont feel like really starting again
76561198067867886,Not Recommended,454650,26626197,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Remity,"Not as fun as it could be. I bought this game in the hopes of finding a fun multiplayer / co-op experience with some friends... Huge let down.   The game is a grind and not a fun one at that. 3 Players to a group (6 if you are doing expert missions / raids, which are probably the same boring 5minute events replayed over and over and over). The story progression is VERY important to the rest of the game in terms of what is available to the player.  If you want to unlock one aspect of the game, you HAVE to beat the story mode to a certain extent, otherwise you are playing with limitations. Story mode being a main focus wouldn't be so bad if you had the option to play story mode cooperatively.  Thats right, a game that they advertise as (BRING YOUR FRIENDS), yet you have to play the longest portion of the game (story mode) by yourself.TO SUM IT UP-If you are seeking a game to play with some friends, be ready to be disappointed if you 1)Have more then 2 buddies you want to game with.   2) Get bored easily from limited content.   3) Hate grinding content for minimum reward"
76561198025087080,Not Recommended,454650,31718895,Posted: 13 May,all,Goog,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE PLAYED XENOVERSE ONE. This game is a shameless cash in with lack luster dlc and timed events implemented in the game to spite the player which further degredates the gameplay. It's xenoverse one but at 60 fps. The quests villians and a lot of the game is the same or very similar. they attempt to add a twist to the story but it's dull. This is coming from a huge dragon ball fan boy. I love this franchise and i was so excited to see what was in store for xenoverse 2. what they would improve on and add. and i was bitterly and utterly disapointed. the hub and the milk carrying side missions are terrible. the hub being far to big to navigate even when you do unlock flying. if you are not a big fan of the franchise I would seriously advise against purchasing this aswell. as a fighter this game is ultra linear and lacks the complexity of a propper fighting system filled with combo's. If however you happen to be a huge dragonball fan and somehow happened to miss xenoverse one I would recomend this game. so tldr unless you fit an incredibly specific nieche do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,454650,26625782,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[          ],"Im really mad and sad about this game. It has a lot of improvement though. The online universe kinda didnt work for me.The thing is they said that there would be an event on th 13 november, which is the janemba raid. i log on and go to the news board and find nothing, literally. well maybe because of the raid didnt even start yet. So i stay up for almost  three days logging in and out but the raid still doesnt show up. just 30 minutes after the raid started in US, i opened youtube and someone already streaming. I barely can find someone online to do quest for fish sake. My friend who also preorder the game have the same prob. Anyway, if anyone see thisplz tell me is it because of the asia server or steam prob? im in malaysia btw"
,Not Recommended,454650,26626371,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Charmeleon,"Basically the exact same game as the last one, not much new, a couple new characters and a nicer ui in battle, doesn't warrant the price at all, you can complete it in less than 15 hours"
76561198200474745,Recommended,454650,28230906,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ALonelyLlama,A very adicting game for thoose dragon ball lovers out there! XD
76561198271122288,Recommended,454650,26318430,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kaydoh,Has anyone else had a glitch that showed you an achievement but Steam never showed you that you earned it?
76561198224428992,Recommended,454650,26320411,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,XDlive22891X,BEST GAME EVER AND AWSOME THAT I GOT TO SEE MY OLD CHARACTER FUN TO PLAY AS GOKU BLACK DONT WANNA SAY ANYMORE JUST BUY IT AND PLAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY. 10/10-LocalSupG (TimePatroller).
76561198301893644,Recommended,454650,34514367,Posted: 26 August,all,nkFarmskins.com caserandom.com,nice
76561198258008925,Recommended,454650,34473183,Posted: 24 August,all,Clicer,Thumbs up.
76561198357462820,Recommended,454650,35319758,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr Dweller,BEST GAME EVER WOULD PLAY FOREVER!!
76561198365628063,Recommended,454650,35317245,Posted: 29 September,all,TheFlaut,YOYOOYO ITZ A GUD GAME
,Recommended,454650,35418458,Posted: 2 October,all,tahkaullus01,NAAAAAAIIILL! I played this game. That is all.
76561198079877824,Recommended,454650,35429839,Posted: 2 October,all,Akame,BEST GAME EVER 10/10 GET IT IF YOU ARE A TRUE DBZ FAN BOY
76561198050171082,Recommended,454650,35428637,Posted: 2 October,all,NotJaredsWaifu,"Solid game. I am now a basement dweller trying to achieve my destiny of being the next Super Saiyan God, thats a warning"
,Recommended,454650,31442159,Posted: 29 April,all,bryd3n,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.cinnamon- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
76561198040301747,Not Recommended,454650,31830764,Posted: 18 May,all,Dr. Mr. Gaylord Ph.D,Don't buy it. It's a copy/paste version of the first Xenoverse with not even 1/5 of the content and a slightly upgraded combat system. I haven't bought any of the dlc because honestly for those prices they can go to hell and half of the moves I've seen in videos and whatnot look like utter garbage. I regret ever buying this game.
76561198101886270,Not Recommended,454650,31818928,Posted: 18 May,all,SSR,"Xenoverse 2 in a nutshell---------------------------Crashes too damn much (lobby freeze, disconnect from missons, etc)TP Shop - joke of a featureConstantly Sees Frieza has invaded the city (sigh)Online Community - What community? also hackersStory Mode - It's OKis this game fun? yea sure on a good dayis it worth full price? absolutely not"
76561198124704166,Not Recommended,454650,26262508,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,KKZOne,The game crashes all the time.
76561198076420130,Not Recommended,454650,26328539,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GG-Allin.,"Game is unplayable like this, many bugs and errors in this game are found.Many people complain on the internet with the exact same problems, this game needs a few updates first before its playable, right now it cannot be played 100% like you want to play it.You can only choose one character at the time, Xenoverse 1 had many character to choose from, unlike Xenoverse Two, who got stock with an very annoying bug. Its not possible to have a different current hero at the city, its a very annoying bug.Instead you get a half naked black guy standing in your city everytime you try to reselect your hero from Xenoverse 1.No matter if you RE-install this game, or remove the save files from its data map, ive tried everything possible, but no.The problem is that in the story mode you get visited by your own character from Xenoverse 1, instead of that you get a half naked standard CPU avatar, and everyone talks to him like its a hero, but ive never seen him before.Its a bug, thats for sure.. Your whole story mode you can trow into the trash can.Its unplayable unless you are gay.Then another bug or mistake by the makers, is that two characters in the DB Character Rooster are miss spelled,Instead you get Metal Cooler, not even its original official name ''Meta-Cooler''Then the next character is ''Cooler Third Form'', but instead they named him ''Fourth Form'' and his last form that is Form 4, they named ''Final Form'' as a form five, only because Frieza in ''DBS'''has the Golden Concept, and now that supposed to be canon, fokk off...DBS is only a big a.s.s ''LIE''Cooler never had a Form five, he perfectly ''SAID'' in the movie that its his ''THIRD FORM''I really hate these new ideas just to make frieza look original.If people really think that cooler has a form five? Then they are no knowledge butthurt fanboys who cant deal with it something non-canon being stronger then its original official bulls.h.i.t. character named ''Frieza''Btw, dont care what others may think, i know better, at least i know that it was ''state'' that Cooler was in his Third Form, and his Final Form was its Fourth Form.Cooler with an Form Five, just to make Frieza look good, just because of the horrible fanboyism.So the bugs with the miss spelled characters are all wrong, the current hero cannot be replaced (No matter if the save file is gone or what the game said ''HOW TO DO IT'', its all nonsens...Game is broken too, many complains about the story mode, like flying around and being stock in the walls.The Camera angles, options are all useless, it feels very bad when you look around. The view on your character goes way to fast, no matter if you slow it down it doesn't matter much, the character doesn't walk or run as smooth as he or she did in Xenoverse one, to make it short, the camera work in Xenoverse Two is horrible.I cannot understand how anyone can play this game right now, its undone, wait until sale, maybe they updated the game after they collected money from people who blindly bought this game.I needed to REmake my same character 3 times in a row... still no results.I absolutely cannot recommand this broken unfinished game, instead i recommand ''Xenoverse One''Its a lot better then part two, dont waste your money on something that is ''Work in Progress''"
,Not Recommended,454650,26464163,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,A FAT BITCH ON TINDER,"I'd recommend this if you never played the first one but it's not worth 50 dollars. Or even 40. So much recycled content it feels more like an expansion for the first than a stand alone sequel with improvements you could only find in a sequel.With as much potential as there is for what if scenarios and what if characters Dimp's almost completely did nothing with it. Instead of interesting new changes to history and thus new characters; we got the same story essentially-- once again: A VILLAIN IS ATTACKING THE GOOD GUYS AT THIS PIVOTAL MOMENT IN HISTORY, HELP THEM.  Playing the story felt more like going through the motions and it was terribly bland. BUT THIS TIME-- ITS OLD MOVIE CHARACTERS FIGHTING THEM!!!!! WHOAA!!!-StoryIts a carbon copy of the first with slight variations that don't make any actual difference, and it now features old Dragonball movie characters, and not even that many. I almost stopped playing the story completely from how god damn boring it was. So much missed opportunity. They even tease a completely new timeline has been made but you don't experience anything from it.-CharactersLiterally the exact same roster as the first but with 4 new movie villains, Hit and Black Goku from Super, Future Gohan, Nail and Super Gogeta. And now evil versions of characters occupy their own space, which artificially inflates the roster. They didn't occupy a seperate space in the first game. Also: I don't consider DLC characters that you threw into the base roster for the follow up game as a valid character increase, again; artifically increasing the roster. Oh and we got Majin Vegeta which is just SSJ2 Vegeta with an M on his head and veins on his arms, great addition, he also occupys his own space  instead of just being a variation.So all in all we got copys and clones of character's we already had, in reality the total number of new characters is 5: The movie villains and Hit. I'm really disappointed with the roster. And for some reason making the God forms and SSJ4 transformations rather than seperate characters is apparently ridiculously hard for Dimp's even though modders did it not long after XV1 came out. Truthfully; its not ridiculously hard, Dimp's just once again artifically inflating the roster. I don't understand why they're afraid to do something different like what-if characters. Every character in this game is an already established character in some aspect of the Dragonball franchise. Whether it be Dragonball Heroes or Dragonball Super. Xenoverse is a what if video game. None of this actually happens in the actual continuity so why not go wild?-Character CreationThere are some improvements but not any really worth a damn. A handful of new noses mouths and a couple new eye variations. How hard is it to give us the option to customize a character with a Saiyan from the franchise's hairstyle? Like Broly, or Goku, or Cell Saga Trunks? Instead we get hairstyles from dumbass insignificant characters with a few good original designs mixed in.-ContentI'd say about 80% of is copied over from the first game. The hub world is much better and more enjoyable to traverse, and they have new instances of quest and what not to do that help you get what content is actually new. But most of it is copy and pasted from the first game.Overall: buy this if you don't have XV1 or you're a die hard fan. But don't expect much in the ways of new content and improvement. They rebalanced some skills and changed fighting animations for the races available but PvP is still garbage where you abuse some cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥until you kill the other guy. And the fighting/combo system isn't anymore deeper than it was in the first one-- which is not at all. Its flashy though so atleast you have something entertaining to look  at. I am slowly losing my trust in the developer studio Dimps as time goes on. All I desire from them is Budokai 4 or a new Budokai game entirely.And if you're gonna milk Xenoverse, at least milk it right. This is essentially a 40 dollar expansion. You can't say the same for other games which made new entry's in a series. The jump from BF3 to BF4 isn't minimal or an expansion, its a flatout complete improvement of everything with only a few weapons and a couple maps overlapping. Same with the jump from Witcher 1 to 2 to 3. Huge improvements overall, even down to the engine. Maybe we would have seen such big leaps or improvements if they didn't rush this out a year after the first one came out."
,Not Recommended,454650,26254364,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,RedSierra089,"no major improvements on DBX1 just more stuff.  Same lame want to be MMO mechanics and no cut scenes work in English in shortDO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYAfter 100 + hours I can say for certain it is just not fun I love dbz and making a custom character so kool  but broken AI, broken skills most of which can't hit anything.  Add that to a total lack of any thing to do most of the quest are the same 100 quest and it only feels like 6 or 7 because there near identical and this is a dbz game I don't expect a lot from it but hay the expert quest might be fun NOPE 2/3 times the boss will brake and fall through the floor WTF"
76561198044646961,Not Recommended,454650,26616487,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ebon Wolf,"Better than Xenoverse 1 in everyway and does so without abandoning the formula set by it.  But the PC version is in an awful stat. So bad that it's almost Early Access level. Here are a list of bugs (and user complaints) that still haven't been addressed by Bandai/Dimps/QLOC --->http://steamcommunity.com/app/454650/discussions/0/305509857565923384/Small stuff like the game crashing whenever you make a wish. Crashing if you scroll through the  ALL Parallel Quests tab. Dragon Balls balling through the map. Controller camera not working.Great Apes falling into the map or out of the fight zone. There is little to no moderation on the forum and for some reason, we have worse servers than console. It's been 2 days since the Raid and no one has received there rewards yet on PC. I can't recommend this and the only reason I keep playing is due to passing the refund period. The technical problems far outweigh what's good in the game from the deeper, more varied combat, entertaining story, and fun hub. The catering to the console players while treating PC players as 2nd class citizens is unacceptable and shows the true colors of Bandai. It may be cheaper here but you'll also get a cheaper experience. Don't buy this game, even if you love Dragon Ball.Edit: Most of these problems still persist despite the update being put out."
76561198149887011,Recommended,454650,26366926,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,府©今日がさysてぇがy,i like this game honestly but i kinda dont like some of the bugs this game has like when you are doing expert missions sometimes it will teleport the boss off the map where you cant hurt them which really sucks because it means you have to stay there waiting for however long you have to wait for the time to run out another problem i've noticed is that in expert missions again when you need to push the giant blast the bosses make it bugs out and goes off the map making it impossible to return it other than that i havent seen any other bugs or things that bother me good game 8/10
,Not Recommended,454650,26263898,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,John the Goalie,I'm dealing with a few bugs and glitches such as:- Getting the vehicle but not Black Goku from Pre-ordering- Not getting achevements in some areas- Crashes
76561198101238512,Not Recommended,454650,26267499,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[TFTRG]Anonyboop,"I preordered it 3 months in advance, and no preorder dlc is given! WTF BANDAI!"
76561198113861028,Not Recommended,454650,26715937,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Big Boss,"The game is just broken and unfinished pure and simple, absolutly gamebreaking bugs that can infuriate the calmest of people, bandai are doing nothing to fix these bugs making the game look like a careless money grab that doesnt look bad on the outside but the inside is a mess, a copy of xenoverse 1 and I would not be surprised if they never fix these bugs, if you want to get it it's fun for a bit but after a while it gets really irritating I suggest waiting to see if they ever fix these gamebreaking bugs if not then it's xv1 in a nutshell"
,Not Recommended,454650,26400669,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Apathy,"Online is unplayable and the devs are so incompetent that I assume Bamco hired Slade Villena as it's lead programmer.*edit*11/14/2016Still no patch of any kind. They claim we got it bundled with the launch but the issues are so bad if that's true it requires another patch. Also 24 hours after the third Raid event and no one in North America has gotten Raid rewards of any kind.Don't buy this game until all the DLC is out and the entire package is 75% off. Even then the devs and publisher don't deserve your money.*edit 2*11/16/2016It took the Community Manager 3 days to tell us that the devs might be able to start a fix for the missing raid rewards tomorrow. 4 days before they start to fix rewards. Simply amazing.Also there's still no patch.*edit 3*12/20/2016We finally got the patch from the last update. Which is great because we're two updates behind the consoles. They got those last week. We're supposed to get those today, but the Community Manager said they're running late so they're still working on them today. No I didn't type that out wrong. They are doing last minute work on an already late patch that was scheduled for today. They might have it out ""on time"" for their second deadline for today. Maybe.Oh also about the hand delivered Raid Rewards from the last update? It took them a full week to deliver them after the 4 extra days to announce when they were going to deliver them. Even then half the people got screwed out of their rewards and other people got double rewards.Do I need to tell you not to buy this game? I mean it's pretty obvious you shouldn't waste your money on it. Go buy anything that's not made by Bamco instead."
76561197976701586,Not Recommended,454650,26264701,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GH۞$Ŧ¥,"Shady business practices aside, it's basically the same game as Xenoverse 1...Limited customization, poor transformations, most supers don't even land properly. It's just boring and doesn't even come close to the PS2 games or even Raging Blast series"
,Not Recommended,454650,26423109,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nick,Literally doesn't even launch. I've tried every fix I found online and have reinstalled more than 3 times. I'd rather just buy the game on console.
,Recommended,454650,26375337,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mr.Gold,"Resumed review:Xenoverse 2 is an improved and refined Xenoverse 1 and if you are a fan of Dragon Ball, or like fun, fast paced fighting games, get it. The game has a much improved combat system that is miles better than Xenoverse 1 and the options for customizing your character (with clothes) make it much more enjoyable. A lackluster campaign and lack of anti cheat are the only downsides for this game in my opinion.Long form:Now, I will start out with the biggest problem for me:The story mode. This game's story feels rushed and inconclusive for the most part. Your CaC from the previous game seems added like an afterthought and it really is useless to have it or a generic time patroler. If you don't have the previous game, you are not missing out.This is a shame really and a big lost opportunity imho as having your previous CaC interact with your CaC more and go on missions with you would have been awesome!Also, the villains feel weak and kind of tacked on. For instance, I didn't realize that I had beaten Turtles and Slug for the last time until I saw them as Instructors and finished the story. You just defeat them in a normal battle without anything indicating that this will be the last time you will face them and the dialog will not clue you in.So, the story mode is my biggest complaint as a missed opportunity and I think that Xenoverse 1 had a better story.Now, the bad parts of the game:Bugs and lack of anti cheat system... The game suffers from some annoying bugs and the lack of an anti cheat is really apnnoying for online combat as it makes combat outside of limited matches annoying since you have the random chance of catching a cheater and it can ruin the immersion. However, if you manage to beat one it is very satisfying.Now for the good part:The game itself is awesome. Seriously awesome. The game hub which I never cared about in the previous instalment is really cool and really busy. So much so that you always have things to do be it talk to instructors, get new emojis (surprisingly funny) or just travel to special quests and challenges that the game keeps throwing your way. This makes leveling up very easy as the side quests provide you with a lot of XP. I was level 40 before I unlocked the online portion of the game for you to have an idea... Also, the game feels a lot less grindy and that is good because it lets you focus on the best part of the game.Another good change was the RPG system where you have a nonlinear progress which makes the game much better. You start getting 2 points for the first level up, then you get 3 until level 20 or so, then you start getting 4,5, 6 and 7 points per level!!!! As you reach level 60 you start going backwards to 6, 5, 4 and 3 again which is really cool. It makes high level characters feel that much more high level. Which brings us to character costumization which is amazing thanks to the QQ bang system allowing you to wear whatever clothes you fancy without worrying about the stats.The best part:The combat. The combat in this game is so awesome. Serious improvement over the previous instalment and I mean it. The combat is extremely fluid and you can really get the feeling of each character playing differently and, your CaC changing as you progress through the game. You also have different ways that super attacks and ultimates work making the game just feel tighter.And, the game ranked match with limitations is a really welcome adition as it makes cheaters a non issue since you get a set ammount of stats and a level playing field so that skill is the factor that matters.In Conclusion:A very good upgrade from Xenoverse 1 and a very nice fighting game overall. Its combat changes and transformation changes alone make it worth to get it. Best dragon ball game I ever played and I have played a lot of them (Budokai 2 and 3, Budokai Tenkaichi 1, 2 and 3, Dragon Ball Super, Burst Limit). This is by far the best."
,Not Recommended,454650,26410791,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Avey,"45ish hours into the game, I think it's about time I give a fair enough review upon this game.TDLR: If you grew up watching dragonball Z and would dream up your own Z fighter. This is the game for you, if you saw DBZ as a bunch of muscleheads with mullets with superman powers, pass this game, cause it isn't for you.To start it off, I'm one of those kids who grew up on DBZ and loved the series from the start all the way to the Majin saga. When the first game came out, I was all over it, even though it was a buggy mess of a game. The day I discovered a sequel was on the way, I had that♥♥♥♥♥♥preordered before I realized what the preorder bonuses were.Gameplay wise, it's very smoothe and solid. Feels like a basic 3D fighter you'd expect to see from the Dragonball fighting games, modified to allow multiplayer in a way that works, though half of the time you and your teammates will end up pushing eachother around trying to land 2 punches while the npc is desperately trying to fly away or spamming defensive abilities to get away from you, with the right team, it makes things fun. Hell playing alone with the AI works very well. The problems with the first game where you'd only find challenges with enemies who had hyperarmor for days are gone. Enemies actually have AI that allows them to predict your actions and react if you become predictable, and actually forces you to utilize game mechanics to manage your stamina, Ki, and be able to dodge abilities when they come at you. It flat out feels good.Though the gameplay of the game is good, the added features with side quests are a bit of a hit or miss. The team tried very hard to add unique sidequests to make the game interesting, but ended up grabbing things that changed almost nothing.Be a superhero? Simple protect the president quests. Bodyguard for Hercule? Prove your worth with annoying combos and grinding out side missions. Training with Vegeta? Simple 1v1 vs a bot. Can't forget to mention they decided to bring in the 'settlement is in danger' mechanic from Fallout 4 that NOBODY ASKED FOR OR WANTED.Music in the game is a huge improvement, though still a hit or miss. Least now I can actually listen to the music instead of simply finding my own youtube playlist to listen to. The combat music and quest music are quite nice to listen to. The Canton City music. MY GOD WHO DECIDED CIRCUS MUSIC WAS A GOOD IDEA?Thank god they gave a free DLC to allow a bad Goku cosplayer to play aweful remixes of the Japanese opening for DBZ... Maybe if you're quite open with different techno remixes of music, but they simply did not sit well with me.The story is... literally the same as XV1. No joke, you're literally going through the same events as the first game doing almost the exact same thing the hero from the first game did, which I was quite confused with. Wouldn't you end up coming into contact with the other hero during those time events? Or are they literally erased from the timeline the moment their mission is complete?There is a lot of things that just don't add up in the story, but the surprises they throw in are one of those things that you will only appreciate if you've watched the series and know the villains that would pop up.Character customizer was quite nice. Didn't break anything, though mildly salty they didn't include more, options for customizing. It's nice as well they implimented a workaround for people who actually want fashion instead of stats for their gear. So that is nice at least. Avatars can be either cool looking, or incredably goofy, which I can spend a good amount of time enjoying all of the goofy looking heroes people make.All in all, I'd say I wouldn't recommend it, only because the average person looks at DBZ as a joke of a series, and though this does a good job replicating the anime into game form, it will only be for hardcore DBZ fans and maybe people with a very low expectations when it comes to their games. If you're one of those people who are prone to finding a lot of irksome details to ruin games for them, wait for a sale before trying this game out, or look at gameplay, and a LOT of it. If you're a fan of the series, pick it up if you feel like making your own Z fighter is worth 50 bucks."
,Not Recommended,454650,26307143,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LowKey,"Don't go near this game until it is fixed. Crashes all the time, so many bugs it's unbelievable (expert missions have weird glitches, I also used an ultimate which went right through and dealt no dmg). Online matches crash the game - I could go on. The game idea is good but the exection is absolutely shocking, especially paying close to £50. I feel ripped off by this company and wont be rushing to buy from their company again.My advice - Wait until you see the reviews get more positive before you buy because the way it is looking at the moment your going to be pretty disappointed. It is a good game but the problems outweigh it right now.Yes, my pc can handle this game twice over on high settings also so it's not on my side"
,Not Recommended,454650,26258910,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,thehuskygt,"This review comes from a 34 year-old, hardcore Dragon Ball franchise fan. Someone who has had all games since Budokai 1 all the way to Raging Blast 2.In all honesty, what the franchise desperately needs is a real fighting Dragon Ball/Z/GT/Super game. This game is interesting, and ""innovating"" but it falls short to its older predecessors. Everything after Raging Blast 2 has been so weird, bland and... uninspired. Granted that DB games have never been ""great,""  as fighting games, but for fans, masterpieces like Sparkling Meteor have become a staple in their lives.Xenoverse 2 is the one that finally convinced me to come back to DB games, but what I have encountered here is a game that is trying too hard to bring something fresh to the DB franchise. The core of what this game should be is not there, I'm affraid. It is just a mess of irrelevant story-telling, paired up with wierd fighting mechanics and under-developed great ideas like the Character Creator.With this game, fueld by the new ""DLC, Pre-Order, Early Access, Day 1 DLC, Micro-T, Online"" gaming culture, I have lost faith of having the next great DB game. Developers no longer make games with passion like in the old days.Basic review:Graphics: Having a PC that can easily max out this game, I have to say that graphic-wise the game looks decent, yet not as polished as Raging Blast 2 when it comes to character design, in my humble opinion (a PS3 game!). I have to mention that I had absolutely no performance issues, crashing, etc.Controls: A bit wonky, and although it feels like they tried hard to make it work, you can feel how they struggle to give a fluid experience.Sound: Faithful to the show, but the music in the city can be a royal pain after a few minutes.I can't think of anything else... Oh yeah: Pre-Order DLC is not working.Sorry, but as a DB fan, I can't really give my seal of approval to XV2. My opinion, so feel free to take it with a grain of salt if you wish.This review will not last long since I have requested a refund of my $78 bucks."
76561198036641430,Recommended,454650,26260423,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dr.Living,Great game.
76561197985970667,Not Recommended,454650,26595181,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DarkJ-Freak,i love dragon ball but this is totaly bugged
,Not Recommended,454650,30322150,Posted: 4 March,all,[FELIX-M]xHazer,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥.PC players are cut out
,Not Recommended,454650,33794080,Posted: 25 July,all,Baelfyr,"Random disconnect.desktop simulator that's basically the same game as the first with little to no changes in terms of mechanics and gameplay, if you can get the first one cheap avoid this"
,Not Recommended,454650,35484126,Posted: 4 October,all,B4 | Nekhan,"Basically, Xenoverse 2 is the best game ever made."
76561198079867019,Recommended,454650,26308721,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,finnthehu,10/10Would Special Beam Cannon Krillin again.
76561198107361008,Not Recommended,454650,32721420,Posted: 24 June,all,Echo I Nova,"The game crashes constantly, usually towards the end of battles which means the battle didn't count. Purchased this during the summer sale hoping that any issues would be ironed out after 8 months since release. Nope. 10 hours in and 8 crashes so far (including the very first cutscene in the game). ""Post launch support for one year"" is actually listed under About This Game... The fact that they have to say that is worrying and as predicted, even that was a lie.If it weren't for the devs not caring about the PC community, then I would recommend the game so far. I will update after more experience if something changes, but the pros are:The combat is mostly fluid, especially after learning the varity of moves and combos. Feels better than the first game with less ult spam.There seems to be many activities to do, such as the main story, parallel quests, instuctor training, side quests, Guru's house is under attack, etc.Multiplayer feels fine. Haven't put too much into it yet because players are typically much higher level than you making it unfair early on.The story is more interesting than the first game's, but still follows the same premise. May feel repetitive at points.The main hub area is much bigger, better, and less tedious to travel around due to vehicles and flight. Just be sure to change the god awful music in the options.There is more reason to play the game over again as new characters, since each race has an area specifically for them. Though other races can join that area, the race to that area receives more quests, rewards, dialouges, etc.Sounds are good (aside from some characters sounding somewhat different than usual). This includes music, sound effects, voice acting, etc.Here are the main cons:CRASHESCRASHESGuruCRASHES...Ok the real cons:The camera can get very annoying in smaller places like Frieza's spaceship or near objects.Many supers and ultimates feel completely useless, some even putting you at more of a disadvantage than if you did nothing. This effectively lessening the variety in the end.Playing as verbally challenged characters is getting old now.There WILL be moments that feel incredibly unfair, usually by being outnumbered, but can usually be cheesed. Cheesing is not fun.Overpriced DLC.And yes, crashes.Crashes aside, I would recommend this game if you enjoyed the first game or dragon ball z/super in general. It is much better, yet still leaves much desired. Thankfully, there are hours upon hours of gameplay, especially if you are a completionist. If you decide to purchase and get multiple crashes within your refund time limit, REFUND IT. It will never be patched."
76561198071660057,Recommended,454650,26452180,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Timmy,Great continuation from the first game.  More focus on story. A ton of PQ missions (I'd say too many tbh).  The game is packed.  Only problem I had was the lack of new maps and characters.  As well as the limited amount of strike supers and ultimate they give you.  Other than that the game was great.  I'd say the story is 10x better than the first game.  And seeing your character from the first game is really awesome.
76561198264385931,Recommended,454650,31876426,Posted: 20 May,all,Silent Quie,This game is superb
,Recommended,454650,26263274,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,Great game
,Recommended,454650,28900521,Posted: 1 January,all,¤.:. * .:.¤,PERFECT
,Recommended,454650,29618583,Posted: 31 January,all,Fredrules,does any one know what date the new dlc is coming out in febuary
76561198047959346,Not Recommended,454650,26256549,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Phatnaru,"Extremly underwhelming. Feels like a worse clone of Xenoverse. They did not improve on any of the originals downfalls. In fact, the gameplay, story progression, and even character design are actually worse. The only two things they did improve on was the graphics and the special attacks (ie. the two main things they needed in order to market the game in trailers).I was a huge fan of the original and pre-ordered the DLC for both. That said, I will be returning this game for a full refund. (I didn't even bother to mention all the early releases bugs either)In essence, they ironically did the same thing as Skyrim Special Edition, except that SPE was at least honest about what it was. This is like what would have happened if they titled SPE ""Skyrim 2"""
,Not Recommended,454650,31069902,Posted: 10 April,all,Vybur,"Only bug I really encountered was during a raid, when that big♥♥♥♥♥ball glitched through the map. Also during the raid, u get put into a different dimension and have to fight 3 enemies to get out, and in less than a minute later, u get thrown in there again."
76561198093996229,Not Recommended,454650,34985150,Posted: 15 September,all,DaddyDyson,I just bought this game and its not a good sign that ive been stuck at the connecting screen on the main menu for over 10 minutes. im going to keep this game for a couple of days but if its not fixed im refunding this.
76561198181449703,Recommended,454650,26256654,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,charis.el,FIRST MISION I HAVE FOUND BUGIF YOU CHOSE VEGITA AND GET INTO THE WATER YOU CAN NOT GET OUT!!! FIX IT PLEASE!!!
76561198091591747,Recommended,454650,26266501,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kinasu,Love it
76561198094979285,Not Recommended,454650,26270049,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vanilla Ninja,"Game is great but thumbs down cause of""Free updates and post launch support for more than a year.""changed to""Post launch support for over 6 months""after game launch is unacceptable and is basically a scamEdit : They changed it back to more than a year but ""Free"" disappeared magically :)"
76561198049372832,Not Recommended,454650,26261343,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,19killer44,goku black and future trunks not in my character list what is this bs...
76561198062791672,Not Recommended,454650,26275515,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,jasonm1991,"didnt play ss3 theme when i took the form0/10, would not transform againjokes aside im honestly disappointed with this game. xenoverse 1 felt like a legit good game and the only thing letting it down was the lack of co-op story (like in battle of z) and the dlc being garbage (opinion). i cant recommend this game to any1 in the current state its in.  its ridiculous that you cant even get past the tutorial with some races/heights due to hitbox detection failure and that some of the other tutorials dont even read commands right or recover the target too fast to continue the chain if they do work.i myself have the recovery issues aswell as many times where the game has froze for 1-2 minutes to then continue playing but suffer more freeze issues each time it has to load a new area or new char entering the stage.  the game also doesnt seem to update your recent feed or even let you view achievments youve unlocked.then theres the new side areas such as guru. which upon completion of his missions just loops back round to the start (even showing the tutorial messages again) and then to top it off the wierd mentor missions (delivering milk? are your serious?). this game is a lazy sequel that should feel bad.we also seem to have reused cutscenes and animations for entering battles or when the enemy gets back up. sure it saves money but its pretty boring to see the same animations we saw 100 times in the last game. the first few missions of this game are near identical to the previous 1 (right down to nappas♥♥♥♥♥♥grin), also when we turn super saiyan it removes the zarbon circlet, so whats the point in being able to wear something if it gets removed in our most powerful forms? hair itself doesnt change to stand up and just goes golden, another lazy part of the game.overall games rushed,barely any effort put in (which is VERY clear with how many bugs and issues the game has)practicaly a 1.5 to xenoverse 1definently not worth the full asking price (£40 at time of writeing this review)if your a fan of dbz or want the game, wait for it to go on sale for 75% of its price. thats all its worth."
,Not Recommended,454650,26259017,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,NiNonG . DwiGhT,I WILL REPORT THIS TO STEAM I ORDER THE PRE ORDER + I BOUGHT THE DLC FOR 29.99$ AND I DIDNT GET ANYTHING THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING SCAM ♥♥♥♥ UP!!
,Recommended,454650,26260936,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Saiyer,"A step up from the previous Xenoverse but not without it's share of problems.Game runs fine and looks great(60FPS with drops down to 59 rarely (CPU:FX-8150|GPU:R9 280).The biggest issue I have is that the controls make me want to smash my keyboard over Krillen's head during the challanges they have that make you input specific combos/commands. It shows you that the controls and timing are not fine tuned for the PC port and really annoys me that we didn't have a PC beta that could have helped solve this before release. Instead I'm sitting here trying to input commands that I can get the first time around, but the second or third time continues to result in the game doing something else. Why grab when you can Ki blast, right? Just ignore the E key being pressed unless I stop everything and hold down the E key for a second or two for it to realize what I'm trying to do. Fast paced fighting where you have to drop what you're doing and fiddle with the keys in hopes it realizes what you're trying to do.If my PS3 controller's drivers didn't bluescreen me I'd be using that instead but I'm left with M/KB which works fine unless the game asks you to specifically do a certain combo or (in my case) you need to do a grab.Despite my complaints about the controls, the game is still fun. I'm just going to avoid the challanges like the plague unless we see a patch drop that makes the controls more accurate and flow better.(P.S. I don't care about the ""Bait and Switch"" everyone is leaving negative reviews over. Yes it's dumb move by Bandai Namco, but in reality I don't think I'll be playing nearly that much six months down the road...especially since Xenoverse 3 will most likely be announced by then.)"
76561198160609874,Recommended,454650,26260547,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Deadeye5150,"The game is good but i pre-ordered it and all i got was the log and no goku black, please fix this"
76561198259018500,Not Recommended,454650,31770867,Posted: 15 May,all,GenYo,"Hello, I wanted to complain about Dragon Ball's exaggerated bugs lately. I'm stuck in a lot of port crashes. The keyboard problem of the Dragon Ball. A new Bug bug that came out on BLACK GOKU's DLC. It's just too much Dragon Ball. I think you've overdone enough. Fix it. Money and Voca return to us"
76561198181386422,Not Recommended,454650,35036654,Posted: 17 September,all,kaiden csgolive.com,my game won't load.
76561198022183279,Not Recommended,454650,35018468,Posted: 17 September,all,[RHFE] Zalanore,"I want to love this game. I really do, but I can't. Buggy as hell, mechaincs that work on console don't on PC, massive grind with a tiny selection of mission to choose from, terrible tutorials that don't teach the basics, massive skill wall, over-priced, and genrally just horrible game design. The devs don't respond to the players, the online servers have beend down for the last 20 hours with no comment from the devs, and to top it off both PvP and PvE are piles of unballenced exploits. But then  you find out that the game is so hard exploiting is literally the only way to win. The freaking dodge doesn't work on PC. How am I supposed to not die if the dodge cancels itself 70% of the time if I decided to lock onto the enemy? I guess I could spend hours and hours memorizing every attack and learning the exact 3 frames I have to use a block during to not take damage. Doesn't help enemies have a fraction of a second of tell on their attacks. Doesn't help that they kill you in 2 - 3 (unavoidable) super attacks that AI and players both spam. Doesn't help that none of the gear or skills have descriptions that tell you anything usefull and you have to research on the internet every single thing. Doesn't help that they don't tell you your choice of height, gender, and body size directly affect your in-game stats.It's a fun game. It is, story is a 10/10, characters are amazing, it feels phenominal. It just has so many game breaking design flaws and bugs that unless you are a truly die hard DBZ fan you don't want to waste your money. When I mentioned these issues to my friends who owned the game every single one of them told me ""Well if you'd watched the show when you were a kid you'd know how to countered Freiza's attacks"" (Yes, they actually said that.) Apparently you're supposed to know to bring a specific type of attack with you and shoot the death ball. That or use the previously mentioned broken dodge. FML"
,Recommended,454650,28505578,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,big boned,hot
76561198097429392,Recommended,454650,28548142,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,lil Broomstick,Niiice game
76561198033210755,Not Recommended,454650,26279153,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,random6901,"While the fighting system is fun and it flows alot better than the first Xenoverse, the game has many bugs, I have experienced bugs In about a third of all missions I have been on making the game almost unplayable."
76561198349623894,Recommended,454650,28322950,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kronzi,"Please help everytime i go into the time portal, it glitches at the loading screen and just freezes.. Please help me if u can"
76561198313854836,Recommended,454650,26370781,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,wee712,ทำยังไงให้เอาของกับสกิลมาจากภาค1ได้อะครับ ผมเริ่มเล่นแล้วไม่เห็นมีของหรือสกิลไรมาเลยอะ
76561198071295093,Recommended,454650,26293250,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Megaman,"Game is great, if you liked the first one you'll like this one.Ignore all of the reviews that don't have anything to do with the quality of the game. All of the problems those people mention have nothing to do with the experience you will have while playing. The game is fun and if you like Dragonball give it a go."
76561198095120563,Recommended,454650,26277561,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Davideo,It's fun
,Recommended,454650,33229719,Posted: 4 July,all,CallMeLoro,10/10
,Recommended,454650,33217800,Posted: 3 July,all,MyBrand,Very Fun Game
76561198071829679,Recommended,454650,30074289,Posted: 20 February,all,Ryan Gosling,Remove tails from game
76561198038173128,Recommended,454650,26268558,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Chaos Laicosin,"Equally as fun as the first XenoVerse. They found what worked and was fun, and then added to it."
76561198111781683,Not Recommended,454650,29558070,Posted: 28 January,all,CaptJ,"sucks ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ flying is bad, teleporting is glitched, camera switches 5 million times so you cant even see what your doing only Nappa's ballsack. Goku is a useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Camera is too close in the town and you cant even see where your going. Cant fly till high lv. Vegeta is broken and you cant fly behind him. He also one shots you. Ban Alex Migligijgoijgo for hacking and beating Nappa and Vegeta. Also give me my money back because of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198034179621,Recommended,454650,28317026,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Max Blasto,"If you're a big fan of Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z / Super then ye.If you're not a big fan of Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z / Super then probably nah.Game is fun, but flawed in a lot of ways and probably just not fun to someone who isn't familiar with Dragon Ball. I really, really want to recommend this game, but I'm afraid I can only do that if you're a big fan of Dragon Ball (I'd hardly call this game a good introduction to the series, with how it assumes the player is familiar with the story of Dragon Ball Z and onwards. Which luckily I am).Still, it does feel good to beat the hell out of your favorite DBZ villains with your own custom characters, or even other characters from the series. Firing giant ki blasts, meeting your favorite characters, and creating your own protagonist is really fun.Also, theres a few presents for those who played the first game and transfered over their character."
76561198091847242,Recommended,454650,28303015,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,-hg- The Carniverous Cardinal,This game is absolutely amazing brings all my favorite dragonball moments but with a twist now the twist isnt that much of a new thing mira and towa giving power to the villains and all that but its pretty cool to fight along side my favorite characters such as majin buu vegeta and goten
76561198339533114,Recommended,454650,30189863,Posted: 26 February,all,clfhahas,THis game is good. Although its hard
,Recommended,454650,31067573,Posted: 10 April,all,Gamersensei3223,Dont get this game if you have windows 10
,Recommended,454650,26590750,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zomby Woof,"This game is hard for me to review, because I really want to love it, and there are a few things it does right that make me feel like it's still worth the amount of time I've invested into it thus far, but the worst parts of it shine through way too much and keep this from being one of my favorite Dragon Ball games.What it does right is fix some of the more annoying issues from the previous Xenoverse game. Originally, only one mentor would show up in the hub world and it was pretty much up to RNG whether or not the one you wanted would be there (alongside your current master) so you'd have to go in and out and repeat missions over and over and then search the whole hub world hoping to find the master you wanted, and even then, it'd take grinding missions over and over and over again to unlock their next lesson by building up their friendship meter. Thankfully that is gone this time around and whenever a new instructor appears in the hub world, they stay there for good and you only need to complete advancement tests every so often to unlock new lessons and therefore moves, and the map shows you where they are at all times and when they have a new lesson available or not. Another small but welcome change is an indicator during Parallel Quests that show where the next gate you need to go through is and whether or not there's still an objective to do in that area. This wasnt present in the last game and it was easy to waste time looking for where you needed to go in missions. Also with the presence of so many mentors and so many quests to complete, it's quite easy to come across experience points in this game, meaning you're likely to hit the level cap or at the very least get fairly high up there by simply playing what's available in the game, which can make leveling up feel like less of a grind fest.As for the cons...there is a lot wrong with this game that keeps it from being as fun as it could be. For one thing, AI is still very annoying whether they're on your side or not. You could be trying to combo an opponent or hit them with a super or ultimate attack and either they run away or sidestep your move or your allies are throwing them around, making you waste all of your energy you built up and more or less forcing you to stamina break opponents to reliably land ANY ki super attacks. Sometimes all they do is run away, which on top of there being time limits to missions (which is still stupid as some missions last so ridiculously long that there is no possible way to beat it in that time frame and you lose to the clock more than you would losing your health) is infuriating to say the least. Also while the new combos are a welcome change and make the fighting look much cooler than in the previous game, these require precise timing, and if you're having performance issues, it's going to be hard to ever land some of these, and sometimes you just knock them so far away that chasing them results in stopping short and missing them anyway. Also while more content is nice, the sheer number of parallel quests is absurd, and it doesnt take long for completing these to feel like a chore, especially if you've already hit the level cap and you're just going for completion.Unfortunately this game is also riddled with glitches that on top of the other problems with this game turn it into a rage fest. Quite often objectives, especially enemies will get stuck inside geometry or under the map and force you to retry missions or hope that you have an energy attack with enough splash damage to damage them while they're stuck in the floor, and this glitch happened to me A LOT which for a game like this is absolutely inexcusable. Some attacks are glitched too such as Innocence Cannon, which result in failing a training mission over and over again because no matter how many times you use the attack, it wont fire, and if it does, you're more than likely to miss due to the godawful tracking in this game (as in the last one, the camera zooms in on your character when you do these moves and you cant see where they're going to go and enemies can move while this is happening, so it's sometimes a matter of pure luck whether or not you'll hit with any of them) meaning you'll be redoing some missions over and over and over again because broken or flat out awful moves and frustrating AI make it absurdly hard to land attacks on your opponent. This game crashes a lot as well even if you have a powerful rig, so there have been times where I lost progress or had to hard shut down my computer altogether due to this game.Altogether, it's not an awful game, I wouldnt have invested as much time into these games as I have if I hated them, but they are far from perfect, and frankly I wouldnt have minded if this one had perhaps come out a year from now to give the developers time to polish it and remove the obnoxious glitches plaguing the game. Wouldnt say it's worth the price I paid for the season pass on top of the game and pre order bonus by far, do yourself a favor and just get the base version if you're going to play this. You'll enjoy most of it if you enjoyed the first one, but this is a seriously flawed game series that had a lot of potential that it failed to meet."
76561198078632606,Not Recommended,454650,30437288,Posted: 10 March,all,Dr. Kelly,"First off I would just like to say if you didn't play Dragon Ball Xenoverse 1 then dont listen to this review just go buy the game when its on offer.To start the review:Cons:The game was very similar to DBX1 and felt repetitive and boring.The multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ed the servers are terrible (P2P I am pretty sure).(Some people might like this) Alot of grinding in the game at least compared to DBX1.The fighting gameplay quickly gets boring.Half the moves in the game are either useless or not worth grinding for.Spamming in ranked makes it unplayable at least not fun.You could mistake this for a paid dlc for DBX1.(Like the last point) It feels like a paid dlc.Replay-ability is abismal.More expensive that it needs to be.I would also like to say I played DBX1 alot and couldn't play multiplayer so maybe that would influence my decision.Pros:Very enjoyable if you haven't played DBX1 in a while.If money is not a problem then buy it.Alot more moves.Combat can be fun (At least for a bit).If you are a huge Dragon Ball fan then you will enjoy it.Conclusion:As I brought this game before christmas so I brought it full price season pass included. But that is what angers me alot, it is not worth the price at all, at least not for someone who played alot of Dragon Ball Xenoverse 1 I would not reccomend buying the game unless you are a really big Dragon Ball fan.IMPORTANT!Do not buy the season pass I beg you. The DLC is very lacking in content and not worth the price if you really want a charcter than wait for the individual dlc.5/10"
,Not Recommended,454650,30569727,Posted: 17 March,all,Cringe,"AS somerone who loves dbz this game is fun let me just get that out there. That being said I have several things that jsut annoy the hell out of me about this game. So lets get those thins out of the way shall we. I have seen more people leave this game after playing for so long rather then staying and playing it past what they have and its hard for me to keep playing it as well as much as im trying to enjoy it. I have beaten all story content present in this game as of this moment and now its just rinse and repeat with every character or just trying to unlock things further then what i have (skills/equips).~~~Cons~~~* Its a cash grab - this game is more or less here to make money of the new dbz content from the show/movies. There was a lot of potential that was never implemented in this game and most likely will never be added.* Limited Roster - most of it is copy pasted characters with different stats and skins.  Most of them being goku, vegeta, or frieza, and the like.* Disconnects - This game disconnects a lot even when your not in multillobby* Dodging is a joke- Unless your just side stepping an ultimate, dodging through the options given literally lands you into just getting slapped by players and npcs alike. I have dodged enough moves just to get back handed immediately after doing it.* Lock on is a joke - I have used both melee and ki based attacks to have them side stepped, go the wrong way, or just miss a good deal of the time. Even for those homing/following skills. This does include your punches which can get stuck finishing a combo facing the wrong way if side stepped and such.* Skill Aiming Areas - some skills in this game literally aim places your normally won't have an enemy or where they literally just won't hit the enemy without a bit of work. Meaning they are either useless or near impossible to find a use for.* Multiple character interferance - this can lead to more or less stressful fights as you can literally have everything you do interupted by this. I mean everything. NPCs have literally grabbed and thrown enemies out of my ultimate attacks, With other players your literally just ripping an enemy in and out of attacks rather then smashing them between them so most attacks aren't even fully damagin your foes.~~~Pros~~~* Graphics - to date this game is the best looking dbz gmae I have played. Even your character looks nice in the scenes he is in.* Story - The story is awesome and has a few more twists then the last game. I will say this I loved the ending of the main story arc.* Customization - I love how customizable your characters are in this game even with just the few added options. Especially the qq bang added optiom which makes dressing your character becomes as you see fit rather then just the clothing stats themselves.* New awoken powers- not including turn golden/super saiyan which is just over used there is the giant namekian and nimbus power up which were nice additions and added a bit of fun new options to the game.~~~~Conclusion~~~~For now unless you just want another dbz game as a fan I honestly can't recommend this game as you will probably just loose the joy for it really fast."
,Recommended,454650,32706511,Posted: 23 June,all,Sal,first time i spent this many hours on a game i need help or maybe i'm a normal man idk
,Recommended,454650,32411931,Posted: 14 June,all,Just Saiyan,"I feel alive when playing DBX2!! What I'm just saiyan!! You get to fight with all the dbz fighters!! Make your own character, fight with friends or keep learning new moves!!So all to my dbz fans get ready for a fun ride!!!!And yes I'm just super saiyan that!!xD"
,Not Recommended,454650,30443293,Posted: 11 March,all,Happy Sudoer,"Don't waste your money in that game.It keeps crashing all the time. It's good a good game, better than the fist XENOVERSE but it's annoying due to crashes.I suggest to buy it in the future in some sales with a good price."
,Recommended,454650,26428053,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,fℓσω,Amazing
,Recommended,454650,28180771,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rhyziin,"I, LOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,454650,28196341,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Thę ÅñtįFüń Ėqūætîøn,Waifu Beat 'Em Up 2: Electric Boogaloo
,Recommended,454650,26429297,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Uexx,"The biggest downside to the game is the ""Expert Missions"" and the Story.The Expert Missions are not challenging, and they're extremely tedious.  There's no real plot regarding them, no story, no theme, etc.They're literrally filler content, that give a goal similar to: ""Go beat all these AI we stacked in the room with added, pointless, mechanics""You will realize pretty quickly, there are only 3 mechanics, and they are extremely overused. The parallel quests are more interesting than this, and this ""Content"" could have been left out of the game.The challenge they provide is similar to: ""How do we make tic-tac-toe harder?"" - ""Dimps: I know, let's allow the opposing player to make 2 moves at a time instead of 1."" - ""And on the harder modes, we can make the player have to win 2 games in a row instead of one, and then on extra hard, they'll have to win 3.""You might see the same raid mechanics 10-15 times in a single expert mission, and that's not including any of the other factors that might cause you to have to start over, or force missions to take significantly longer, like:1. Disconnects2. ""Ki ball"" skill breaking the mission3, ""You cant damage the enemy with normal attacks during this mission"".etcThey could of been done better, really it's just a skill-less spam fest that you're better off not doing, they bring nothing positive to the game.It's a fun game, definitely an improvement over Xenoverse 1, but really it's just that; A repackaged/improved Xenoverse 1.  Similar to how ""XCOM Enemy Within"" sold as a new game but was just a second attempt at the same game.I recommend it if you dont own Xenoverse 1, or if you're a huge fan of the franchise.I dont recommend it if If you're on the fence about getting it, but already have Xenoverse 1.  Just keep playing that, this story is almost the same as the first one, except sometimes you fight 2 bosses instead of one.It all ends the same though; Goku comes out of no where to ""Be the hero"" when he was really never needed (Fan service I guess?) and there was never really any danger anyway because apparently whipped cream and cat♥♥♥♥♥♥are gods that can do whatever they want with time anyway."
,Recommended,454650,27469901,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dimick,AND THIS... IS... TO GO... EVEN FURTHER... BEYOND!!!
76561198003124183,Not Recommended,454650,29311464,Posted: 16 January,all,CaptnSpanky,QQ bang is trash and completely random. Took my crystal battle suit and didn't make the right qq bang. Online play is so glitchy you can barely combo. Game is trash.
,Recommended,454650,26348398,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,PX.ArmaPulze,5/7 Would've revive Krillin again
76561198176864417,Recommended,454650,31346192,Posted: 24 April,all,Evilremis,"Love the game , But what happaned to the pre order bonus.....its not pre order exclusive anymore whats the point in that?"
76561198321568359,Recommended,454650,28485651,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,LIL COONSTICK,IN MY VIEW DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC I THINK UNLESS YOU HAVE A GGOD PC DONT BUY AND TO BE HONEST DONT BUY IT IN GENERAL SINCE THEY DONT GIVE TWO ♥♥♥♥S ABOUT PC XENXOVESRE AND MOST OF MY FRIEND HAVE TO PLAY ON THE LOWEST QAULITY JUST TO RUN XENOVERSE DECENTLY THE UPDAYE THEY HAD BEFORE ONLY CHANGED A FEW THINGS AND GOT RID OF PROBLEMS SUCH AS FALLING THROUGHT HE MAP AND BEING  ALSO WITH DLC WE GET THEM LATER SO YOU WILL SEE CONSOLE 4 DAYS EARLY WHILE PC PLAY THEM ON THE 20TH SO IN MY OPINION DO NOT GET THIS GAME PC GET IT ON CONSOLE THE EXPERIENCE IS BETTER AND THEIR IS NO BUGS CAUSE WHEN THE GAME CAME OUT FIRST IT WAS ♥♥♥♥♥♥[STIL IS THOUGH] MY FRIEND HAS A PROPER GAMING AND HE TOLD ME THE GAME KEPT CRASHING AND ONLINE IT WAS SO SLOW THE OPPOSITON GOT THE FISRT HIT THIS MAY SOUND LIKE HATE BUT THIS IS ALL THE TRUTH BUY A PS4 OR XBOX ONE DONT RISK IT
76561197993632368,Recommended,454650,27651260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Doctor Killjoy,fun game for every dbz fan
,Not Recommended,454650,31148922,Posted: 14 April,all,govindaarjoon,DISGRACE. ALL THE SYSTEMS ARE STILL BROKEN!!its like your a ♥♥♥♥♥ in every fight. Fighting hercule? ha. ur his ♥♥♥♥♥. gotenks? ur his super ♥♥♥♥♥. you'll get slapped like a ♥♥♥♥♥ then killed without being able to flex your training. Reach level 100? HA dimps says ♥♥♥♥ you and your level. Nothing matters here. this isn't an rpg and its a broken fighting game. not to mention there are no rooms ever in the pc version of this. Do not buy. Even if your a fan of DBZ. you will bash your head through your window regretting playing it. Better off buying a real rpg.
76561198160293687,Recommended,454650,31860672,Posted: 20 May,all,Superbeast1024,The game is so amazing with its great graphics
,Recommended,454650,31861739,Posted: 20 May,all,Naga,Pretty good
76561198251580944,Recommended,454650,33794253,Posted: 25 July,all,EXPAND THE DONG,ITS A GOOD GAME PLZ BUY
76561198133577801,Recommended,454650,26352230,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Caetano,"It´s like a Disney Park, but filled with Dragon ball stuff"
76561198052967807,Recommended,454650,26352365,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Pickalow,...
,Recommended,454650,26752134,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,wat,great!
76561198360571519,Recommended,454650,34306193,Posted: 17 August,all,executioner_6665,it wont let me play the game
,Recommended,454650,26700712,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The End Lawyer,it is at this moment very glitchy but i still have a lot of fun with it i hear the metagame is broken but i don't really care so 7.8 outta ten to much glitch
76561198252191994,Not Recommended,454650,31931918,Posted: 24 May,all,xelnagaartifact,"- Skill animation is a joke.  Your enemy is already next to you attacking you while the animation skill camera is still playing.  After the animation, you just get knock down.- You knocked your enemy down and they immediate move away.  When you get knocked down you stay down for some seconds.- Too many occasion the auto camera adjustment just make you bleh."
,Recommended,454650,28892132,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Donald The Bluntinator Drumpf,"great great, got to get a controller to play it"
,Not Recommended,454650,26502082,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Marin Shatterhand,Basically just an expansion pack. Game is fun but all of the ♥♥♥♥ING BUGS THAT STILL HAVEN'T BEEN FIXED TWO GOD DAMN WEEKS AFTER RELEASE make the game infuriating.  ♥♥♥♥ you DIMPS.
,Not Recommended,454650,34087453,Posted: 7 August,all,✪Jezer✪,♥♥♥♥
76561198065529133,Recommended,454650,26305492,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SleepyKiwi,BEST GAME EVER MUST BUY 10/10
,Recommended,454650,30173856,Posted: 25 February,all,Vro,"To be fair, better than XENOVERSE 1, but ive seen more vanishes in this game more than my dad leaving me. RIP Tito."
,Recommended,454650,26263447,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Gjitsu211,"The game is amazing. There is a few downsides I've noticed though. The hit detection, for me at least, is not good at all. There are way more upsides than downsides. Like Conton City. IT IS SO BIG!!!! (No innuendo) I love that they make you wait for flight. It causes us to explore Conton in a very specific way."
,Recommended,454650,26263127,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,nYghti 派手な奴,i dont get the people that complain about this game lol i mean free updates would be nice but i dont mind since i preordert the digital deluxe edition so stop complainig and enjoy the fact that dragonball is available for pc
76561198015632156,Recommended,454650,26264295,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,silkk110,"I have played the first Xenoverse and ejoyed that alot. This improves on what was good but some of the bad is still there. I don't think you can get past farming, so them putting in more trainer's will help the farming not be so dull. I like how much the city feels like it's a city because there are so many npc's flying and walking around. There is even npc's acting like new to veteran students which will give you items or challenge you to a fight.StoryThe story continues right after the first and even let's you transfer some items and skills to your new character. You even get too see your old toon in some of the mission's which is cool. They treat your old toon as a big hero even with a hugh statue in the middle of the city. As with most DBZ game's it follows all saga's even adding some villains from most movies.The gameplay and graphic'sThe game does look real close to the first one but add's a bunch of little details that where not in the original. The game plays very smooth and hasn't dropped any frames for me. But no game is perfect and i have had 2 problems one was a crash, the second was the expert mission where a npc got thrown so far it could no logger be hit. I have had no other problems then the 2 i stated.Conclusion game is geat so far and will be even better with the dlc that comes out later.  Can't wait to sink as many if not more hours in this game then i did the first"
,Recommended,454650,26262470,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,TironaZ,Has little bugs but everything else is amazing!9/10
,Recommended,454650,26277118,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MarurabaATX,"so this is a retelling of the Journey to the West classic novel in which son goku the monkey king travels around china i think and gets a staff and does some stuff. also there is cybernetic androids, destrucive gods, tranforming aliens, timetraveling teenagers and multiple dimensions."
,Recommended,454650,26305056,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ZCVCL,This game is very very awsome i always play this game and luckily the bug is almost gone all i very recomend this game if you are Dragon Ball fans :)
,Not Recommended,454650,28478818,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,心,"I love Dragon Ball but I just can't reccommend this considering the problems I had with this when I first got it, it constantly froze and lagged even after turning the settings down as low as they could go and when I tried to do combos it didn't register most of the hits plus i've fallen through the map a few times, but once I got past those problems it was fun.  Still I can't reccommend it because of all the problems I encountered."
76561198264678436,Recommended,454650,28149089,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sheep_Talk,I don't think we'll be seeing a lot more good DBZ games in the future. Which why I say if you're a DBZ fan you should really consider buying this game. This is probably one of the DBZ games ever. I've put a solid 55 hours into this game and I plan putting in pelenty more. I give the game a 7.75/10. It's a hella good game!
76561198079363081,Recommended,454650,28149015,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Coops,Loved Dragon Ball since i was a kid and have had many previous Dragon Ball games including the first Xenoverse. In all honesty it is a great game for what it brings it just feels like little has changed since the first one. I feel like if they took ideas from true Dragon Ball fans they could produce a masterpiece of a Dragon Ball game. I would say if you played the 1st hold off until it comes down in price but definetly a must buy if you love Dragon Ball as much as i do!
76561198072983902,Recommended,454650,34839867,Posted: 9 September,all,sasuke,best game ever
76561198368925330,Recommended,454650,35016572,Posted: 17 September,all,FlamingWaffle99,its lit fam yUH
,Not Recommended,454650,35045856,Posted: 18 September,all,✪ ⓥⓨⓝ.,"Honestly, it is a stupid♥♥♥♥♥game. I can't believe that they did not solve the online server problem. Stuck at connecting, no point having an online server if you cannot connect to it. Totally not worth the amount I paid for this game."
76561198025599563,Not Recommended,454650,35017908,Posted: 17 September,all,jeffrey_yu82,Lousy pcs of♥♥♥♥♥♥can't even support 21:9
,Recommended,454650,35055548,Posted: 18 September,all,Pleshyhappy,I rate 7 7 star balls out of 7 7 star balls
76561198058205584,Not Recommended,454650,35060067,Posted: 19 September,all,Link,"Don't get this if you already bought Xenoverse 1, its the same game, this should have been DLC"
,Recommended,454650,26316087,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,LonnieXD,When you are trying to get the TP coins in the ape thing the apes spirit bomb disapear for me and i cant complete the game...
,Recommended,454650,26316508,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Asslicker28,An amazing experience !
76561198031911123,Not Recommended,454650,31994752,Posted: 27 May,all,Fish 'n' chips,"I'd like this game, but despite my fast and reliable internet connection, I can only connect about one day out of every four. And only once, maybe twice, in that day. Consistently unable to connect at all, so I can't even get into my character for offline mode.I'd like to talk about how transformations work versus xenoverse 1, but I can't even get to the point where I get to the first saiyan transformation since if the game crashes I usually can't log back in that day.Story's pretty similar to 1 so far, parallel quests are pretty much a direct copypaste so far. The city's a bit more interesting, though.I like bandai namco games but their netcoding always leaves me incredibly frustrated with them."
76561198256016565,Recommended,454650,26263889,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,wilcoxway,"I preordered the game, but am not seeing my preorder bonus. Am I missing something here?"
76561198189612778,Recommended,454650,28228765,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,jaimejones43,Best game eversuper cool.
,Recommended,454650,35353586,Posted: 30 September,all,Son goku,god
,Recommended,454650,35432663,Posted: 2 October,all,mastermanbath,amazing i try to expose hackers and spammers every day add me to help stop them
76561198191862754,Recommended,454650,35337893,Posted: 30 September,all,drgero9,Amazing game
,Recommended,454650,35366936,Posted: 30 September,all,LegitGamer5555,"I recommend this game to anyone who likes the Dragon Ball Z franchise.My reasons are simple:Great storylineGreat cutscenesGreat skills and attacksThe option to choose from the races of Majin, Namekian, Human, Saiyan and ""Frieza Race""."
,Not Recommended,454650,26314946,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SSS,"Since the last update, game crashed frequently during play time."
,Not Recommended,454650,26313840,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,risked it all for a fruit loop,"its unfinished plain and simple.in comparison to the first xenoverse game the combat is no where near as good.using an ultimate? remember using  super vanishing ball? well since I played the game that move hasnt hit a single thing even if the enemy hasnt moved and is 2 feet in front of me, perfect kamehameha has a better chance of hitting but even if the enemy doesnt move it can fire 90 degrees away from the direction your firing from and then you got 20x kaioken kamehameha which is the only ultimate I have used where the first attack will strike but it will cancel itself out of the attack I dont get it this game feels like its made to waste your ultimates now. you also got how unfair the AI can get the AI can be fighting your supporter on the other side of the area and just as your firing your ultimate off they are somehow behind you either to watch you fire off the ultimate or to juggle you about (thank you lord slug I dont know how you managed to get juggled in a combo on the other side of the arena to instantly warp behind me to stop my ultimate but you were not behind me 1 second ago.)supers unless your using strikes you got a slim chance of them hitting I find the only supers I find that has a good chance of hitting is evil explosion and perfect shot.melee combat itself is weird it feels unfinished and feels liks it favours the AI rather then you when your fighting any enemy they have a chance to warp behind you, looking directly at you and attack back... when you do that your warped behind them but your turned around with your back to them and the AI somehow manages to turn around and get a combo off before you yourself can turn around. when you kick/ punch anyone across the arena and warp to their position to keep the combo going I've found that I've warped into a position below where they are supposed to go and all I can do is watch them fly over head as I've just wasted stamina to let them recover... what? come on I'm trying to keep a combo rolling dont ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t me with that.now the reason I actually wanted to make this review... friday there was a patch note which basically said ""we are aware of all these bugs but we cant fix them right now"" this is terrible your aware there is bugs and your not going to fix any of them as of now? what did that 15mb of patching do? turn your characters shadow into an 8 bit character? seriously on maxed out I get megaman nes as a shadow and the biggest kicker... I cant complete hercules missions because he wants me to do the ""expert missions"" and I cant progress the story cause I cant complete the damn tutorial, I dont die in them hell nappa in his oozaru form is like fighting appule you got no chance of dying but what pisses me off is when he fires off that ki blast that your supposed to stop and you find that1/ he's fired it outside the arena so you cant stop it.2/ he's outside the arena so you cant hit him.3/ he's fallen through the floor so he is out of your view now and wont be coming back.I was forgiving this game for alot of problems mainly because if I wasted an ultimate I could recover easily and even fighting cooler and frieza I forgave ""I have no idea what happens in that fight but it seems to be as soon as you hit the 2nd phase you cant do anything but get juggled by cooler as you cant recover when he keeps slapping you from each end of the arena with no room to recover... it felt like my character was refusing to attack"" because I eventually beat that mission but when your forced to do a tutorial that is bugged and wont allow you to continue the story till its complete is bloody disgusting at level 55 I can find myself easily capable of wiping nappa out in 3 ultimates yet you kick his♥♥♥♥♥out of the map and tell me I failed the mission just because he fired his ki blast out of the map and I cant get to it?. fix the damn game or issue refunds because this game is not finished hell xenoverse one was near perfect on release how can you fail at making a sequel thats essentially a copy paste job."
,Not Recommended,454650,26300093,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,blue,Should have just been DLC to the original game. Not worth another $50.
,Recommended,454650,26252823,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Beerus (ಠ_ಠ)┌∩┐,"Over all i like the changes, it's like they've taken the original and improved on it!"
76561198156650621,Not Recommended,454650,32011924,Posted: 27 May,all,Avaulus,"probably one of the worst dbz games i have played, and this is why1.) copy paste of xenoverse one with a new soundtrack and a better designed town.2.) Don't plan on beating all the missions.... aka Expert Mission 15, if you play that mission alone you will lose. unless you can find a group dont bother wasting your time. (probably the biggest reason i dont like the game)3.) co-op still sucks. if you are doing PQ's it will kick everyone out of the room everytime they change the PQ4.) all structures are not destroyable and effects to the land are still not permanant. are you telling me the developers can't create fully destructable maps or permanant land effect for the match if you hit the ground with a beam or smash an opponent into the ground. the F*%@&*ng ps2 versions of budokai tenkaichi atleast had the fully destructible buildings.... this game is just a pathetic attempt at a money grab."
,Recommended,454650,34982388,Posted: 15 September,all,Nachos The Cross Eyed Cat,"There's a few dragons, but not enough balls. The game really needs more balls, and I think its lack of balls is where it suffers the most. I think everything would do better with some good ol' balls."
,Recommended,454650,31959722,Posted: 25 May,all,Spicy Shrek,ONE ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING DRAGONBALL GAME!!!If you are a DB fan you MUST buy this. It is a dream-come-true.....I am highly satisfied and you will be too.BUY IT AND BE A DB CHARACTER !
,Recommended,454650,29298304,Posted: 16 January,all,Count Cuckula,"I looooove this game. It's literally a remake of the first Xenoverse but still an actual sequel. Most of the asinine RNG has been toned down or straight up removed for the most part, so much more customization and costume stats can be replaced with QQ bangs so you can wear whatever you want, and most of all sooooooo much more awesome skills and moves paired with mostly fluid combat. AI can still be garbage in some places, but some enemies will be in♥♥♥♥♥devastator mode and will force you to actually make an effort to win. The game does have a tendency to crash a lot and some Expert missions are buggy, but most of this is pretty minor. The playerbase is sorta small because the release for the game was horrible and the PC community definitely has a cheater problem, but I've still managed to play with a few cool people and the hub is mostly active. Definitely buy this game if you're into DBZ or if you just enjoy endlessly punching and blasting people to hell."
,Not Recommended,454650,34051089,Posted: 5 August,all,Gaspy Twat,Buy it if you like uninteresting pvp and lame customization. Also plagued by cheaters.
,Recommended,454650,35491159,Posted: 5 October,all,Heavyrose,"Pre-ordered the deluxe edition back when it came out, and never regretted it.And my PC cant even handle this properly!"
,Not Recommended,454650,26367258,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Neoshenlong,"Amazing game, terrible port. Might change this review if I ever get to actually play the game without it crashing / bugging every 10 minutes. My recommendation is to stay away from the PC version and buy it on consoles if you can. Or at the very least wait until the game is playable to purchase."
,Not Recommended,454650,28777829,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,☃,Omfg this stupid cancer parade music makes me want to hurt myself
,Recommended,454650,26286708,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jerom,Female saiyans have cute feet
,Recommended,454650,35498939,Posted: 5 October,all,Lyceaos,"honestly i find these games ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and love they have the dubbed voices in it, that should be an option for any anime based game what has an english dub for the anime personally. but on to the game, it is solid for the most part but the online competition can get annoying when you have a bad internet and its very hard to get people for the big raids on super missions but toher than that the game is perfect"
,Recommended,454650,26267457,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,HollowDaddyO but I'm scary,"Okay, first off, this game is GREAT! I played it to the Frieza Saga last night! Now, I've been reading some of the negative reviews and they were saying that Namco switched the Support time from 1 year to 6 months RIGHT before the game released. Now, I don't know what that means, so I'm not mad. Please tell me what that means. My only problem is that Black Goku (you know, that character that made the pre-order for this game hype) isn't in the game yet. I don't know if this is a glitch or something. Like, do I need a code? Anyway, please fix this Namco! I paid money to play as a character that other people who are waiting for another Steam Sale so the game's like $20 won't get to play as! Overall, I recommend this game.(But, do fix Black Goku)"
,Not Recommended,454650,26395614,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Prof. Pigg,"Definately improved over the first, but not improved enough to hold my attention span. Hard to tell it's even a different game."
76561198046660646,Not Recommended,454650,28860355,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NEONA,The music immediately drove me nuts. Got a refund.
,Recommended,454650,26490075,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Adam Smith,10/10
,Recommended,454650,26253763,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rolarin,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Not Recommended,454650,27552582,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Isaac Morningstar,Xenoverse 1.5
,Not Recommended,454650,27590684,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Songdeh,If I can ever get into any quick search multiplayer game or find a room this will become a positive review
,Not Recommended,454650,26258820,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Un4givinCarnage,To be honest I really wanted to like this game and for the most part I do but I can not overlook the glaring issues with not only the gameplay but the lobby issues as well also I didn't get any of the bonuses that come with Pre-ordering so there's that. I have only played the game for about an hour or so. First off I don't know how combos work for other races and genders but the male medium height and small build can't connect combos worth♥♥♥♥♥♥which made the tutorial unpassable. I sat there for a half hour trying to get past it because I wanted to know if there were any new mechanics but I couldn't get past the first three combos because the wouldn't connect and when they did the game didn't read that I did which is just bad detection. Secondly the animations are all messed up. When Piccolo fires his Special Beam Cannon at Goku and Raditz the blast goes to the side of the characters. Doesn't even touch them but the animation goes on as if it did then the special effects remained there for the remainder of the cutscene making it hilarious to watch when it should be trying to build some sort of tension. I won't bring up the lip syncing because I can understand how that would be troublesome so I'll leave that as is but the rest of animations even in the lobby don't match up. The character walk cycles keep going even when a character is stopped or the character stops when they're supposed to keep moving and their walk cycle is still going and they're just walking in place. This may be day one release so this review could change depending on how the patch things but as of right now there are a bunch of glaring issues that make it hard to be immersive. This is just my experience and there may be other issues I haven't stumbled into. Also I guess that Bandai changed their support from a year to six months. Low blow Bandai. Low blow. I recommend this game if you're a dragon ball z fan and I might change my recommendation later on but as of right now it's kind of bad.
76561198158644809,Not Recommended,454650,26263963,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DemonChronic,"If you buy it, you might not be able to play it."
76561198119072402,Recommended,454650,30762474,Posted: 26 March,all,Stardust Magician,"Very good, you have replayability, BUT you will take a long time to do each charater (5) and there is nothing realy hard (like 0 to 999) exept the first 2 magore bosses (im not gonna SPOIL them)"
76561198250979296,Recommended,454650,34847257,Posted: 9 September,all,Kalibur,基本上从龙珠z到最新的剧场版 每一幕都有 良心
76561198060095183,Recommended,454650,34866011,Posted: 10 September,all,Jam,balls the sequel
76561198183526371,Recommended,454650,28759094,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Exotic Butters,"This game is great, i can recommend this to any dragon ball z fan, and if you have the first game from steam, you don't have to do anything to transfer data, all the bugs that are ""happening"" is just a result of bad computers."
,Recommended,454650,34876943,Posted: 10 September,all,Kinoshi ™,A must have for DBZ fans.A must have for anime games enthusiasts.A must have for action-fighting-characterpowercostomization enthusiasts.A MUST HAVE!
76561198116696076,Recommended,454650,35501196,Posted: 5 October,all,thefruuuit,"This is worth buying.Got many hours of enjoyment out of it, between a fun and thrilling fighting system to an epic long story.Dragonball Xenoverse 2 will keep you entertained for a long time."
76561198180104367,Recommended,454650,28323877,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Megakilla,it is a good one the developers actully worked hard on it
76561198320296981,Recommended,454650,31852898,Posted: 19 May,all,Karma,I have installed it but if I press a button it will go to windows I cant play the game.does anybody know how to fix this?
,Not Recommended,454650,33045847,Posted: 30 June,all,Enzime,"MASSIVE RIP OFFits a copy & paste clone of the first game, with like, 2 extra hair cuts in character creation... pathetic"
,Recommended,454650,30012074,Posted: 18 February,all,mecha-boss 2.0 cz,lol
,Not Recommended,454650,28616857,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Devilswarchild,I know this isnt the proper place for this but if anyone can forward this along to the devs: the introduction quest for expert missions is severely bugged and you cant progress past the gigantic ki-blasts part ultimately just sitting there waiting till you fail it! DEVS please ♥♥♥♥ing fix this game!
76561198315203061,Recommended,454650,28220311,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LUFFY,good game
,Recommended,454650,30175658,Posted: 25 February,all,yeh,good game
,Recommended,454650,26350243,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Audris,god game
,Not Recommended,454650,32694238,Posted: 23 June,all,Kaisergun,"I get that 5 to 7 star missions aren't supposed to be easy, but any game that allows massive undodgable, unblockable combos that leave you completely helpless until your opponent is finished, regardless of the rest of the content (which may or may not be fine), is a fail in my book. Even the powerful abilites that are specifically meant to dodge and evade such situations sometimes just don't work when your opponent is relentlessly wailing on you, sometimes your only chance is at the very start of a combo. Not to mention the arbitrary ratings, where you can do your best and still get a C or mess up everything and somehow get a Z. Way to demotivate your players.Now the question is, am I just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because they made Raditz kick my♥♥♥♥♥ And the answer is maybe.Oh, and I should probably mention all the hackers and the fact that it's genuinely terrible on keyboard. Because that actually legitimately worsens the experience by a lot. Oh, also any mission involving final form Cooler. It's also really unstable. If there's one thing it does really well, it's crash."
,Not Recommended,454650,29239262,Posted: 13 January,all,Leeson,"The game premise looked great and I'm a big fan of DBZ, however keyboard and mouse had a strange input lag that didn't feel right. I had to refund the game unfortunately."
,Recommended,454650,34031821,Posted: 4 August,all,CesarTheDude,"Look, I Ducking hate this game.The movement mechanics are crap,controls are irresponsive.There is no followup to fix any of it.But I will always recommend gamesthat are slightly faulty.I may have been bored after an hour and some.But some bloke out there is going tomilk every second of this frustrating experience.8/10"
76561198058719568,Not Recommended,454650,26274774,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Chris,"Can't do anything. Can create a character and log in.Directional pad doesn't work on a wired 360 controller, the Xbox one controller or the steam remote. Wtf is that?I sank £40 into this and I'm at 1 hour 'play time' trying to fix it.........I run a nice PC with everything up to date so I don't see why this is happening.Twin 1080's6700k16gb of DDR4"
76561198057773733,Not Recommended,454650,32755500,Posted: 24 June,all,AppleButter180,Impossible to finish required tutorials and progress to main story after finishing first mission.
76561198119406611,Not Recommended,454650,31961800,Posted: 25 May,all,MrCactus18,"this is the most annoying and laggy game that i have ever played , you can't even play online because of the lag...."
76561198042585412,Not Recommended,454650,31983235,Posted: 26 May,all,Sun-Gaku (Kukuhreeeeeeeeet),this game is fun until you find out how broken it is.constant crashes got one every 4th or 5th mission or about every hour or so. this happens on two seperate computers. the game loves to tab itself out for no possible reason besides to get you killed.theres even a mission i cant finish cause it crashes once i get to a certain time.the ai is AWEFUL your support ai later on has some sort of mental illness espiecally in the expert missions where your suppose to keep moving or get away from the boss instead they stand there and take turns getting rekt it turns into a game of keep this guy alive or lets see who i can revive before i get my♥♥♥♥♥beat.local play is basically nonexistant you get a 3 minute fight thats it cant change a thing besides the characters cosutmes and arena.oh and did i mention thats the only thing you can do locally?the animation in cutscenes is rough mostly they float (all the time) shadows arent even connected.its fun for awhile but once you get farther into it its just a♥♥♥♥♥♥show.Edit: tried again a few months later seems to have fixed the tabbing out bug and the crashing during that one expert mission but its just still flawed. shoves you out of super sayian anytime something happens in a mission. stops abilties if some 1 second cutscene happens during a mission so it just wastes your ki and does nothing. sometimes grabs dont even count even tho your close enough to give them a senusal massage the hand just goes through them its 50/50 if it grabs. games fun but has some flaws that they dont really seem to care about fixing. still a negative for me
76561198041734954,Not Recommended,454650,31930090,Posted: 23 May,all,Ye,"Consant Crashes, undodgable combos, unblockable attacks, imbalanced gameplay, and terrible subtitles make the game not worth $60 on pc. However, I hear a wonderful thing to avoid the crashes on console, so I would suggest getting it on that. I do recommend this game but 60 bucks is too much as the game is unfinished. However, if you are a die hard DBZ fan, it's a must."
,Recommended,454650,30827870,Posted: 29 March,all,brb 2 f'in high rn,"I... don't really have a ""good"" review of this... triple breasted ***** (...of eroticon 6) that is Dragonball Xenoverse 2. I'm just... amazed at the little effort that was put into this port. It's the solid combination, a frankenstein if you will, of a pc port of what was a next gen game made for the PS4, Xbox One, etc. and a beloved 31 year anime series... WHO THOUGHT THIS WAS AN OKAY THING TO DO?!!!(Another example, a grand defined terminology would be this and I quote, as professionally done as possible; It's almost like literally playing a dragon ball episode but also at the same time getting blue balled in such a way it's both good and bad. But as xenoverse 2 sucks your one and only nut (you lost the other one in vietnam somehow) BOTH BUGS, GLITCHES AND IMPATIENCE TO COMPLETE THE ******* GAME RUN IN TO THE BLUES FEST GOING ON IN YOUR PANTS SOULY TO RANSACK YOUR ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT BUT TO ALSO **** IN YOUR FACE AS THE TERRIFYING FOURSOME SLOWLY BEGINS!!!""Okay, so now that i'm out of text... 11/10 ign, doritos, mount dew, blah bala blah... I can't express enough how much time and effort it took to ""finish"" the damn game so to finish off this little review, here's some of my top 3 game grumps quotes that would perfectly define the top 3 stages of my anxiety toward this god forsaken dookie♥♥♥♥♥game;""I would♥♥♥♥♥♥on this couch, Right now, no problem, while looking you directly in the in the eyes"" Dan“You gotta draw the line somewhere! You gotta draw a ♥♥♥♥in' line in the sand, dude! You gotta make a statement! You gotta look inside yourself and say, 'what am I willing to put up with today?' NOT ♥♥♥♥IN' THIS!!”— Arin, about the glitch""Danny: Do you think there's a bisexual porn called ""The Fast and The Curious?""Arin: Probably. If not, somebody should take that.Danny: ""I like to drive my car fast. And also...I've been kind of thinking about dudes."""
,Recommended,454650,34544692,Posted: 27 August,all,≡][≡ Sɴᴜ Cʜᴀɪɴᴢ ≡][≡,Yes
76561198331361032,Recommended,454650,31663148,Posted: 10 May,all,Kira,nice game
,Not Recommended,454650,32168036,Posted: 3 June,all,Justice,"Like so many others I can't even get this game to run.  It immediately crashes to desktop.  None of the fixes suggested out there helped.  And there are thousands of others complaining of the same issues.  I would have liked to play the game, but it seems the developers simply don't care."
76561198096611547,Not Recommended,454650,30600640,Posted: 18 March,all,Fulcrum,Okay let me explain why I won't recommend this Gameplay is awesome Story is pretty whatever honestly it's okay. But only  okay.Reason I thumb it down is cause the servers are garbage I can't even play the single player half the time I have to disconnect from the internet just so I can play it I really wish I could get my money back.
,Recommended,454650,28381982,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Powerz,cewl
76561198217877917,Recommended,454650,28381999,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Toto the troll,I love this game thats me
,Recommended,454650,30172094,Posted: 25 February,all,chazdamizta,"yes is gud game, am real super sand legend"
76561198106413773,Not Recommended,454650,29652238,Posted: 2 February,all,Leopika,Just dont buy it for PC ....
76561198342345847,Not Recommended,454650,29627919,Posted: 1 February,all,omni gamer,"its so great=ki0,lp-]#9"
76561198303297956,Recommended,454650,28903698,Posted: 1 January,all,loli,nice game and they fix the bug
76561198088413019,Not Recommended,454650,35139758,Posted: 22 September,all,foxydeadpool,"I want to first say that I loved the first Xenoverse game. It had it's problems for sure but it was still FUN.My problem with Xenoverse 2 is that it addresses none of the first game's problem and also manages to make more new ones. The servers are not reliable, it's an absolute chore to navigate the hub world because of how slow you are and the fact you CANT FLY. The gameplay is also just not fun. I don't know what they did but it felt so unsatisfying and boring. I made it to the horrible fight with the great ape versions of vegeta and nappa before quitting and requesting a refund. That fight has always sucked in DBZ games but christ on a cracker that's just awful.Not fun. Unreliable. Tedious."
,Not Recommended,454650,26328630,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,The Llama,"As of release, the game is currently broken. There are plans to release a patch on Nov 1st that might fix a lot of problems.As it is curently though I can not recommend this game at all. The multiplayer is too laggy to play. Normally this would just cause issues landing hits, but the lag in this game will turn some encounters into unplayable messes. Bosses clipping off the map into unplayable areas, HP being locked and unable to be damaged. With no way to exit a multiplayer match without force closing the game only makes this issue more annoying.That said, when the game actually works it is a huge improvement on the last Xenoverse game. Learning signature moves from all teachers is a lot easier. The hub world is an ever changing zone populated with characters all through out the dragonball series. With secrets and new NPCs coming and going all the time.The combat is the exact same from the previous xenoverse game with a few minor tweeks here and there.Over all, if they manage to fix this games awful bugs it will be a great addition to the Dragon Ball series of games."
76561198107061441,Not Recommended,454650,26328649,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Flower never Cry,"D3D device removed with DXGI_ERROR_DEVICE_RESET.  Its really bothering, solve it plz."
76561198122963441,Not Recommended,454650,28479724,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MaDcLoUDneSS,Very good game but all the time crushes and lagging on my pc with good specs.I didn't reccomend it for pc version...
76561198101334738,Not Recommended,454650,26306898,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Commander Quack,"Really like this game a lot, But the AI for enemies is absolutley great! Makes it quite the challenge. But team AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, they do absolutley nothing for me and Im stuck doing all the work when my friends are offline. Also idk if this is for everyone but the servers are sooo bad for me and my friends which are only a few states away. Randomly disconnecting me and my friends from expert missions or parallel quests. Really agervating and thats why im giving it a bad review until these 2 things are fixed."
,Not Recommended,454650,26289441,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Invadernator,Game unavailable in your steam platform
76561198258324731,Recommended,454650,35011707,Posted: 16 September,all,Quirkless,Good game m8
,Recommended,454650,30023345,Posted: 18 February,all,Kaua'i 'ō'ō,"Pros-(almost) Everything-mods, characters, attacks, trainers, items, etcCons- Have to replay the story every time you recreate a new character9/10, This is really very supurb and many issues in the previous game have been fixed more or less"
,Recommended,454650,26484126,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Alkaabi-121,it's over 9000!!!!
76561198278898497,Not Recommended,454650,29377610,Posted: 20 January,all,ImGenji,Got bored after story no one is online to battle with
76561198057910791,Not Recommended,454650,29721248,Posted: 5 February,all,GENJI MAIN,"Too much lag in PvP. People with lag can easily beat you since you can't hit them while for some reason they can hit air and you're hit. Also loading screens take way too much time, also there isn't much people that plays PvP in PC. This game's graphics are sh*t but for some reason it takes way too much time and i run BF4 in High graphics no problem but Xenoverse 2 started lagging after i played it more and more even though im at the lowest quality settings. So optimisation is crap, PvP is crap since there is so much lag. Don't buy this game, you will get cancer trust me"
76561198145913981,Recommended,454650,31847607,Posted: 19 May,all,Ron,אחלה משחק נודר
,Not Recommended,454650,33859079,Posted: 28 July,all,Let me show you my TRUMP CARDS,"Change resolution and bricked the game, wow, saved setting made reinstalling the game useless, great♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job."
76561198200756321,Not Recommended,454650,34133685,Posted: 9 August,all,SupaaNickk,Too much lag in this game to be fully enjoyed.
76561198068849704,Not Recommended,454650,29250592,Posted: 14 January,all,Captain Toad,Huge disapointment
,Recommended,454650,26470803,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sarcastic Jack,Krillin is now offering a special class in the Business District!
,Recommended,454650,35350965,Posted: 30 September,all,Ned,♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198090851958,Recommended,454650,26252483,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Candy Kittens,a true saiyan always sprinkles when he tinkles
76561198123799895,Not Recommended,454650,26285623,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FirstArchon,"I would write a better review but the carpel tunnel from stupid finiky ""repeat the combo"" missions where the controls don't work and the timming has to be right down to the plank second. maybe buy if they lower it to like 5$ otherwise skip."
76561198059774339,Not Recommended,454650,30631809,Posted: 20 March,all,Lunar Densetsu,"Game is fine, Offline.I Recomend you Mod some SSJ hair into the game at the least [(I use Note's Hair)frome Xenoverse Mods]Online Gamplay is Garbage if you are looking for competitive Game play, Tons of bugs Bad Hair and lack of Colors.I LOVE DBZ but, its 2016 its a Bad Game for game made in 2016.WTFLets be Glad some of us take the time to make Mods and Clean up This Trash.#Master RaceCant even be Enjoyed OfflineI EvenDisabledOnline mode in the Files,Clearly Shows the Devs know less about Programing than the Average JoeI Never Wanted to Sync to your S#1T Serverseven the offline Battle Timer is Enabled againWhos Bright Ides was it to only allow 3min and a Smaller Map when Trying to Play VS Offline?Why would you disable mods even inOffline modelikeNow i cant even look at these Shiny a** Charater models,I had a Proper A** looking game before this update, Clean Cel-Shadeing Spikey Saiyan Hair and Colorable Clothes. Almost nothing in the default game is even True to the Anime.Goku wig is Bardoks HairGoku missing Hair in SSBTrunks with only Short Hair (easy AF to Fix)Boxed in on Sandbox Sized areas like Namik in Offline VS (what happen to Flying Free like a bird?)3 min time limitOfflineWhen you are 22 years old and Over Half you life is spent re watching DBZ Its not something you can just over look when things are out of placeand 0.00 Effort is Shown to Stay True to the Original. This Might as well beDragon Ball GTthe game.So much time was taking to Make this game Feel like they it does  in the Show. if you gonna remove mods Fix the F-ing Game dont be Lazy F-cks that cant even make a few changes to the Hair, if not just give me ALL my money back. for Xeno 1 and 2 adn all the DLC.Ill just go Buy a PS2 and Play Budakai,becasue they gave a sh-t about the work they made and what it is based off.Cac Fighting Styles by Default are Trash,no Creativitylooks like a Child having a fit and not in a good way like Broly. if anything let us Keep retextures and make Fighting Moveset be a learnable trait from the mentors. 866.2 Hrs of gameplay Down the Drain.Thanks for Removing the Pony Tail form Heaven becasue its so game breaking(note's Hair)More time to Practice With Jin and the Others onTekken 7now.At Least we know there isAnother Dragon Ball game being made by people Who Love the Show more than the money in my wallet[/u][/b]If only Zeno-Sama could erase this Game, The Dev Team and ANY Memory of itCant wait forDragonBall Fighter Za Game that Clearly wont need to be Modded having been Made Properly and with Care."
,Recommended,454650,30744493,Posted: 25 March,all,Qizi,Sorry?
76561198056982639,Not Recommended,454650,28780315,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Scuffs,"Normally I'm a big fan of DragonBallz games. But this was not to my liking. There were alot of things i hated about this game within the first 30 minutes of playing I found the fact that you can make your own character rather offputting and how your character is implanted into the epesodes of the series. No,You don't mess with the storyline of the origanal series and make it so your custom made character figths the battles. I hated how you had to run around the ""time Patrol"" school and go to your objectives. I know this game is apperently really popular but seriously, In my opinion this isn't not worth the money. I asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,454650,33022544,Posted: 29 June,all,Skeith,"The saiyan tails are the most disappointing thing since my son. I mean, how can you ♥♥♥♥ up one of the most requested features since before the game launched? While my son eventually hung himself in the bathroom of a gas station, the unfortunate reality of the situation is that it will around like this forever. It will never be fixed, because Dimps is just so goddamn lazy with this game. It’s not just the tails either though, Dimps since the first game has had a long history of half assing it, taking months to fix major bugs and addressing balance issues. Now, they add in characters, moves and costumes that are frequently requested by fans, but they only do the absolute bare minimum needed to technically fulfill the requests, as is what happened with ""Tailgate."" I had fun playing this with my friends for a time, but Dimps' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and laziness ahs burned me one too many times. Xenoverse 3 has a lot it has to do to impress me enough to even consider buying it."
,Not Recommended,454650,34974249,Posted: 15 September,all,Lil Balaclava.tv,I stepped into alternate realm somewhere in the distant future.Where Dragon Ball turns into a goofy trash heap.
,Not Recommended,454650,26286469,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Deagz,bad conection every time im doing PQ
,Not Recommended,454650,33683647,Posted: 20 July,all,AngrySkull,"Clunky controls, small maps, and a tendency to punch nothing.  Pass on this unless you're just too much of a dragon ball fan to care about the quality of the game."
76561198305417828,Recommended,454650,33394000,Posted: 8 July,all,africaca,"I am 11 and I had a weird feeling playing this gamewhen I saw the grils milk tanks my DING DONG stood up really high, I measured it, 2.1 inchesand i told me freined and he showed me a website (he is 35} and they were naked anime girls! my DING DONG fl;ew higher and he let me in his house and we played, he eats subway everyday :D"
76561198384196006,Recommended,454650,31858722,Posted: 20 May,all,MythicalGamer99,I CANT CHANGE THE FRICKIN' LANGUAGE ITS JAPANESE LOCKED L-O-C-K-E-D GET IT LOCKED WTF
,Recommended,454650,31876960,Posted: 21 May,all,Blaze,Best game ever ;)
,Not Recommended,454650,33007047,Posted: 29 June,all,Limit Breaker,"i can't start this game. when i click play, it says 'preparing db xv 2' but it not launching. how can i solve this?"
76561198094479700,Not Recommended,454650,26560972,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Techa Man G,Part one was waaaaaay better!
,Recommended,454650,26260967,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rollricked,"You wanna know if it's good? I'm streaming the ♥♥♥♥ out of it. IT'S AWESOME! New battle system is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥, your previous character is now Trunks' buddy. Aww yeah!www.twitch.tv/zzbabzzEDIT: Yeah, it's good. :D There are some bugs, but they're working on fixing them, so don't worry! You don't even HAVE to do those expert quests if you don't want to."
,Not Recommended,454650,26301492,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Xiogang,Basically the same game as the first one. Could of been DLC for 30 dollars or so.
76561198077621714,Not Recommended,454650,35232428,Posted: 26 September,all,bills.25,"Do not buy this game on steam. Everything in the city is offline/not working. 0 players are online.  There is no storymode whatsoever.  The game is poorly ported over from console.  I want my money back,"
76561198090895421,Not Recommended,454650,33071637,Posted: 1 July,all,Glasial,Can't play this game with a keybord.  You will be forced to switch back to desktop.
76561198085756883,Recommended,454650,35482904,Posted: 4 October,all,CruelDarkness,"i never used mods in this game many people complain about the lack of mods since the update, but i'm honestly fine with this game as it is as a huge fan of DBZ myself i still think this game deserves at least some respect, i can only hope the anti cheat and such will actually stop cheaters and that maybe just MAYBE new players will find this game and play it to their hearts content. it is a great game despite how many negatives i've seen i thouroughly enjoyed playing it but i dont much anymore since i've done just about everything there is to do in it and have a lvl 94"
,Not Recommended,454650,32766750,Posted: 25 June,all,Crescent,"Ugly and boring.The game is seriously lacking in content all it has are costumes, which aren't even good since the game looks awful, playing as the DB characters is limited in itself asthe fighting is slow and clunky, camera works very bad it's really pathetic how bad it is, the story is really uninteresting, single play consists only of waves of enemy you keep spamming ki blast or infinite combos against the whole time...and that's pretty much it.I didn't have the patience to watch any cutscenes, seeing how uninspired the story was,  the characters that are introduced in the game aren't particularly memorable either.The fighting is really cheap and broken, the only proper way to fight the opponent now is to spam stamina break the whole time and figure out how you can loop combos your opponent, there is really not any skill involved, basically they fixed ki blast spam by replacing it with stamina break spam.A big waste of time and money and hardly anybody playing online (I couldn't find one room/player the whole time I played the game).a few years ago was Raging Blast on consoles, which was superior in both gameplay mechanics and graphics, so to make it simple, the only thing Xenoverse has is the create a character feature, which is seriously not worth it.Thank god I was just in time for a refund."
,Not Recommended,454650,31268149,Posted: 20 April,all,RunningAroundAtTheSpeedOfWah!,"Don't buy this game if you plan to play it a lot, most of the times that I play it, it just ends up crashing.. :/"
,Not Recommended,454650,31141715,Posted: 14 April,all,🕵🍆,dlc 2 in the news section for this game was supposed to be free. nope look elsewhere.because for something that is actually comparable to freemium games lol.. guess what its not free afterall.canadian devil is stupid.
,Not Recommended,454650,34249582,Posted: 14 August,all,Spartacus,"Played the hell out of this game and love it to death, but do NOT buy this game if you want to play with friends or PVP. These fool developers can't even implement servers and the game is basically unplayable with even 1 other player."
,Recommended,454650,26262586,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Deus_Drone,The Combat system is greatly improved over the original.The Story is a lot of fun and over all I am really enjoying this :)
76561198194531833,Recommended,454650,31896972,Posted: 22 May,all,Goombario,"One piece? Yuck!Naruto? Meh.Dragon ball? YES!The whole fight is in space and sh*t, many combos, SO FAST!!!custom characters, lots of maps, very big story!!10/10"
,Recommended,454650,26253716,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Yeet Master,12/13
,Not Recommended,454650,26295961,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Daysent,no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found  no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found  no rooms found no rooms found no rooms found ♥♥♥♥ offfffffffff
,Not Recommended,454650,26329514,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sweaty Ape,You got a connection error. Returning to main menu.
,Recommended,454650,31832411,Posted: 18 May,all,KelbyZ,I like this game defiinitely good
,Recommended,454650,26269293,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rolf,"TL;DR The game is great. Give Bamco a chance to explain themselves about the ""Bait and Switch"" issue.If your a Dragon Ball fan you will LOVE with game!People are leaving negative reviews for the 1 year of support to 6 months, but that is not enough reason to not play this game and could even mean faster DLC release.Why would they support the game for more than a year, if presumebly Xenoverse 3 ( or Dragon Ball game will come out a year from now.? )Give them a chance to explain themselves.Nothing to be worried about at the moment."
,Not Recommended,454650,26256276,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,.҉  Reme✧,"My review went from a postive to a negative one WHY? Because the community refuses to agree with this game being a broken mess seriously! This game is just a bug fest and the stupid community manager wont tell the Devs a thing he is an idiot. Here is some major bugs to take note if you're going to buy this game, First of all your save file can get corrupt (wtf) Alot of times when you scroll to pick a mission you want to play the game can crash and then when you alt tab to open steam chat with a friend the game can crash. When you load into the character selection when you're playing a mission sometimes you get this black screen which forces you to alt f4. When you pick a Online patrol quest mission the game can crash. Another major bug is when YOU PLAY EXPERT MISSION THE BOSS CAN NO CLIP THROUGH THE MAP LIKE SERIOUSLY WHEN HE DOES THAT GIANT PURPLE DEATH BALL HE CAN NO CLIP THROUGH THE FLOOR!. The A.I Is pretty dumb and bugged too when playing expert mission when they fly really up high and die they have a chance no clipping through that stupid boundary that limits on how you can fly So stupid!. The giant purple death can get bugged too! It can sometimes hit you 2 times instead of 1!. I'VE HAD ENOUGH WITH THIS STUPID COMMUNITY AND THE DUMB LAZY IDIOT WHICH IS THE COMMUNITY MANAGER WHO ISNT DOING JACK BECAUSE HE KNOWS THE PC PORT IS A BUGGY MESS SO HE TRIES TO INTICE PEOPLE THAT iT'S GOING TO GET FIXED. AND THE SAD PART IS THIS SHOULD OF BEEN PATCHED THE FIRST WEEK THE GAME CAME OUT BUT NO! THAT UPDATE WAS FOR GOKU BLACK AND FUTURE TRUNKS MISSING IF YOU BOUGHT DELUXE EDITION.P.S IF YOU'RE GOING TO BUY THIS GAME YOU'VE BEEN WARNED THAT IT'S A BUGGY MESS!But let me tell you this last thing. This is the only game i've enjoyed this year it felt good played good but the Developers and the community manager is ignoring the bugs we complain about which is sad! I'm one of those people who payed full price of 80 dollars because i had hope they would change how they treat the PC port but i was wrong."
,Recommended,454650,26316270,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Xaviuz,no
,Not Recommended,454650,26346281,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Let Me Win DOOD,"The game is full of glitches and it constantly crashes always in the middle of a very long mission. Game crashes everytime I go to use the dragonballs. Now I will say this game is way better than the first just too many issues that need to be fixed. Will update this review when all the problems of this game are fixed. Way to many glitches, especially not when you had a Beta test. I would definitely say save your money for when there is a price drop. Not worth paying $50 for super glitched game that crashes all the time. As far as gameplay goes, its way better than the first one."
,Not Recommended,454650,26347233,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Burntpork,"It's a fun game, but the port is terrible and unstable, with random crashes, falling through floors, and even performance issues on some systems. Wait a few months before buying this. I didn't really have any issues playing through the story, but PQs are broken.UPDATE: A patch was released. The patch notes say that it fixed everything. It didn't actually fix any of the PC issues. There's nothing more to add here."
76561198014776580,Not Recommended,454650,26488386,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Abarth,Zu viele Bugs
76561197963955708,Not Recommended,454650,26603399,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Oliver- KING KONG GUN!!,...
76561198068778696,Not Recommended,454650,26299265,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Analbag,story sucks like the firstcombat exactly from the 1st with a few changes that don't really change anything.enemy A.I sucks like the firstally A.I sucks like the firstand the Hub they have changed so you have to run around even more and added some boring minigames.
76561198005467946,Not Recommended,454650,34050905,Posted: 5 August,all,SenseiGhost,This game really sucks. I am a solid DB fan and i hate this game.
76561198096339132,Recommended,454650,35467949,Posted: 4 October,all,Samaritan,The Big Gete Star enabled me to cheat death! How could this be?!
,Not Recommended,454650,26346332,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lowkey,"Pros:+Looks pretty.+Is DBZ.Cons:-Just a copy-paste of the original game.-Many of the same cutscenes (including any visual oddities).-Many of the same maps (still just as tiny).-Controls are extremely flaky.  (Sometimes Y+B does a knockback attack; sometimes it spams regular ki blasts).-Extremely unstable for many people.  CTD on the first fight, CTD randomly during fights, CTD when opening menus, CTD when not thinking happy thoughts.Summary:If you liked Xenoverse 1, you'll probably like Xenoverse 1.  You should keep playing Xenoverse 1.If Xenoverse 2 looks interesting, I highly recommend waiting at least two months for some of the issues to be patched."
,Recommended,454650,26253034,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jonny Law,Trained under Krillin just to kill him10/10
,Not Recommended,454650,26345694,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Autistic Cuck,"Aside from the look of the Player Hub this game is identical to the first installation in the series, all parallel quests and character abilities are copied and pasted from the first game."
76561198018845533,Not Recommended,454650,26393431,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Colonel Shaeffer,"essentially the same game as Dragonball Xenoverse one but with a worse plot, save your money buy the original as it is cheaper.  all you fanboys or Bandai Scamco reps downvoting my review means nothing to me, this is an objective review and I will not be swayed by your illogical passion.  Dragonball Xenoverse 2 has stopped working, end program?  It hard crashes a good bit.the enemy AI basically cheats while often friendly AI is totally braindead.  did you do your super attack right as a cutscene started?  poor you, you wasted all of your ki and the game punishes you for it's poor design.Specialize in strike supers?  All the good supers at the beginning of the game are Ki based so screw you, you poor fool.lots of the same glitches frome the original game too,  lock on and camera are still finicky and only kind of work, it doesn't like being near walls and the levels are still pretty small. either they thought the old game was perfect or were too lazy and or incompetant to fix the glitches and just pumped out a completely derivative sequal for $$$$$LOTS of questionable design choices.... :(I regret spending money on this game, if you really want a dragonball game, the first one is a much better deal for the money (has a better plot too), other than the graphics there is little to no improvement.4/10"
,Not Recommended,454650,34339986,Posted: 18 August,all,danthebk,Button mashing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game. Tons of grinding. Pretends it's an MMO. Crashes. This game might actually be the worst game I own.
,Recommended,454650,34989484,Posted: 15 September,all,♥ Rivet ♡,gayyyyyy
76561198097992195,Not Recommended,454650,28015885,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Theophrastus Phillippus Aureolus,"This game is just bad, that's the most honest i can get."
76561198045375285,Not Recommended,454650,31713205,Posted: 12 May,all,armethios,it does not spacificly say you cannot play this game without the first one. bought it and trying to get a refund to get the first one
,Recommended,454650,32826118,Posted: 26 June,all,"brb he said, while i was waiting",( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ )
,Recommended,454650,31845965,Posted: 19 May,all,jj,ok
,Recommended,454650,35481979,Posted: 4 October,all,Cx,Amazing Step-up from Xenoverse.
,Not Recommended,454650,33056018,Posted: 30 June,all,UltimateWifu,"don't buy it, it's basically the same game as xenoverse 1 except it's much more expensive, they made a lot of promises and kept none of them, in fact most things are worse than in xenoverse 1, i regret ever buying it."
,Recommended,454650,29634477,Posted: 1 February,all,BESJE46,Amazing game 10/10
76561198036074450,Not Recommended,454650,26343475,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,biggs0982,"The game is very nice. Its everything I was hoping Xenoverse 1 would have been. The problem is the inability to complete change the controlles. As of right now there is no possible way to change the controller controlles to be the exact same as the first one. This wouldn't be the issue except (in my opinion) the new controlles are very uncomfortable. I tried to get used to them but it just didn't feel right in my hand. I got a refund for the game and probably won't be buying it till the issue is fixed, if it ever gets fixed.P.S. If it does get fixed I will for sure change my review of it."
,Not Recommended,454650,30209671,Posted: 26 February,all,Zitypici,"If you play with a keyboard your okay and, safe if you play with a controller this game is a horrabile choose for you the controller after a while will glitch out and, stop working I do not reccomend playing this game with a controller"
,Recommended,454650,31865720,Posted: 20 May,all,BlueTrunks,this is very gud game 100/10
,Not Recommended,454650,32381047,Posted: 12 June,all,oHHHHHHHH SNAP GUESS WHAT I SAW,it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. save yourself money and don't buy this game
,Not Recommended,454650,32573460,Posted: 19 June,all,filip.kosi93,This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t keeps FREEZAing
76561198033223889,Recommended,454650,28152981,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Yuni Yukitatsu,"The game is good with its flaws...theres just one problem.During the Beerus Scene when defeating him in Space. The Two Audio Lines such as ""I'm sorry, Lord Beerus. I couldn't make any special lunch as an apology""  and ""I didn't expect to see Lord Beerus, We really cut that one close"" are mixed up with each other."
,Not Recommended,454650,35093780,Posted: 20 September,all,Vyta,is it too late to ask for a refund
76561198072260493,Not Recommended,454650,34982062,Posted: 15 September,all,Critful27,terrible game never connects!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,35037969,Posted: 17 September,all,TuMa,"Reminds me of Ultimate tenkaichi, pure trash, repetitiveness level over 9000, would rather roll dice by myself,"
,Not Recommended,454650,26476554,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Pineapple,Seriously SERIOUSLY OK SO EVERY TIME I BEAT THE NAMEK TIME RIFT THING NUMBER 6 AFTER I BEAT IT WHEN GURUS HOUSE IS ATTACKED AGAIN ITS BACK AT 1 BASICLY MAKING IT IMPOSIBLE TO GET THE SECRET ENDING SERIOUSLY Note i made it a no in do you reccomend this game so people would notice this comment
76561198046034399,Not Recommended,454650,26324616,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Phobophage,"Let me say first that if you wa nt to play casually, this review is not for you. In that regard this game is a blast, it lets you make some crazy characters with badass movesets with which to stomp some NPC's and your friends.For those that are a bit more serious about it, here's the review:Pros:-More fast-paced than XV1-Brawlers rejoice, it is far more difficult for scrubs to simply run away from you, as Burst Dash is back-On a similar note, Super Saiyan spamming is gone, as Ki costs have been modified, and Super Saiyan not only isn't infinite power, but also does not allow you to normally regenerate ki (you must have a Charge move equipped, basically)-Bigger city, better map with which to navigate it, more things to do in said city (rifts and such)-More mentors, they stay in one spot, and you can train with them all at once while picking one specific one to be your Instructor (causing them to appear at the school and aid you in losing battles)-Online options have been expanded (extended battle timers, barring use of items, etc.)Cons:-Stamina breaks. They are♥♥♥♥♥♥ NEVER. EVER. Bind something that you have to tie into a combo with the DAMNED movement stick, this does not work, and it is very clearly evident when you try to perform a stamina break, as your character will often not perform it, or will perform it when you did not want to. The worst part about this to me is that the old ""just hold the button to break stamina"" is still there...it jsut doesn't break stamina, it's a normal, heavier attack...but it takes as long as a stamina break, so when you CAN use the heavy blow, you SHOULD be doing a stamina break. This should not have been changed. Ever.-Seems to be much harder to nearly impossible to escape ultimate moves. I have noticed several times that the game simply won't let me snap vanish out from in front of a Kamehameha, or will not let me use an Evasive Skill while being struck. You could o this in XV1, not here apparently. Not OK.-That whole ""falling out of comboes"" issue from XV1? It's baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack.-This is an opinion thing, but I hate that the opponent player can see your Ki and Stamina bars now in battle. It takes away secrecy and the ability to bluff that we had in XV1.-Connection. Oh. My. Holy. ♥♥♥♥. It is bad. Very bad. You can't have a fighting game and expect it to do well if the connections are garbage 80% of the time. Servers need an upgrade or something, because this simply does not work. If you host a fight, most of the time you have a blatant advantage due to this, as you can see things a bit earlier than the guy you are fighting. I've tested this extensively with friends, and it is simply gamebreaking. A fight is just not fun when that kind of lag is in play. They obviously want this to be at least a bit more than jsut a fun brawler game, as they have ranked matches, world tournaments, and the like, but quite frankly I can't take any of that seriously when the biggest deciding factor of any given match is the connection.Those are what come to mind at this early stage, keep in mind that this is an ongoing kindo f game, that they will probably patch things in later on down the line, as broken moves come to the forefront and all that, but as of now, if you want to take this game seriously as a fighting game...look elsewhere. Its mechanics are simply not good enough for that."
,Recommended,454650,26261201,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NFG | PG Pelegino,This game is amazing. I am glad I pre-ordered!!!
,Not Recommended,454650,26307588,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,danteangelo373,"I don't even know where to start with this game. So many things that they just forgot to add, and so much stuff that they just didn't need. As a person who pre-ordered the deluxe edition, I must say that this will most likely be the last Xenoverse game I ever by.[Pros]Improved Combat - however it is based on FPS, not input data. so combos depend on your graphics card & Frame rate.Improved Graphics - gave particle rocks physics. Also improved shaders & frame rate.More Character Creation Options - The animation & art team ♥♥♥♥ing carries this game.Soundtrack - THIS SOUNDTRACK IS SOOO ♥♥♥♥ING SICK....ITS ON PAR WITH BUDOKAI AND♥♥♥♥♥♥[Major Flaws]Play as a new character unlike Xenoverse 1, starts a new game entirely. THIS IS SOO ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID!!!! I MEAN ♥♥♥♥ING JESUS WHY?!?! WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ THOUGHT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA? IN A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ABOUT MAKING ♥♥♥♥ING CHARACTERS? NOW EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME I WANT TO MAKE A NEW CHARACTER I HAVE TO RE ♥♥♥♥ING UNLOCK THE GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING ROSTER?!? EVERY TIME I MAKE A NEW CHARACTER I HAVE TO RE COLLECT THE ♥♥♥♥ING DRAGONS BALLS, I HAVE TO REDO ALL THE SIDE MISSIONS! YOU HAD THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥FIXED IN THE FIRST GAME??!?!? ♥♥♥♥ YOU BANDAI, ♥♥♥♥ YOU QLOC, ♥♥♥♥ YOU DIMPS!!!.Do not support Custom Characters vs Custom Characters Offline or Online. WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS NOT A ♥♥♥♥ING THING?!? ESPECIALLY WHEN THERE ARE GOD DAMN CUSTOM CHARACTER ATTACKING YOU IN CONTON CITY FOR NO ♥♥♥♥ING REASON?!? WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ DESIGN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥BUGS & ♥♥♥♥ing crashes. I fall through world constantly. It gets really annoying. MAKES THE ""FINDING DRAGON BALLS QUEST"" UNPLAYABLE due to them falling off the stage.Conton ♥♥♥♥ing city. probably the worst part of this game is the sheer amount of random♥♥♥♥♥♥that they throw at you.IT JUST FEELS LIKE SOMEONE THREW UP ON TOKITOKI CITY. ♥♥♥♥ING 300 PEOPLE PER SERVER GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUTTA HERE, I PLAY OFFLINE. ALL CONTON CITY DOES IS MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE YOUR IN A CIRCUS.In conclusion playing this game is like eating good cereal with almond milk....makes the whole thing taste like♥♥♥♥♥♥(((((((( IF YOU LIKE XENOVERSE 1, GO PLAY THAT INSTEAD. ONLY PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IF YOU....♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME DONT PLAY IT SAVE YOUR MONEY)))))))HONESTLY DIMPS/QLOC ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ I WANTED WAS A MOD FOR XENOVERSE 1 THAT ALLOWED ME TO MAKE INFINITE CUSTOM CHARACTERS AN LET ME FIGHT AGAINST THEM.CHEAP♥♥♥♥♥CASH GRAB YEARLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T GORILLA MONKEY GAME."
,Not Recommended,454650,30244476,Posted: 28 February,all,AllTheseDucks,0/5 No Chiaotzu.
76561198070072181,Recommended,454650,26264545,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,OmegaRecon,DRAGON DRAGON ROCK THE DRAGON! GET THIS GAME! ........What....go....get.it...Why are you reading this when that time could be spent playing this amazing game.
76561198091346529,Not Recommended,454650,26467441,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MISS SNIPER QUEEN,I can't believe I spent that much money on this game. This game is pretty much the same as the last game except for more boring because we've seen it all before. Nothing special. Pretty much nothing at all. I hated it. I skipped all of the cutscenes which took my about thirty minutes to even get to the gameplay. Whenever I got to the gameplay I was so dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,454650,33692409,Posted: 21 July,all,Azasel,way to easy.
,Not Recommended,454650,34117778,Posted: 8 August,all,PlatinumLioness,"Honestly, probably one of the worst RPG-like fighting adventure games out there. Controls are spotty, abilities are often useless in actual combat situations or OP GIANT TRACKING DEATH BALLS, with little to no middle ground in the vast selection of equippable abilities. The voice acting is ♥♥♥♥ing TERRIBLE, and honestly makes me wish the guys at Team Four Star had done the voice acting, so at least I could have been entertained by the dialogue instead of hitting A until people STFU and let me punch things.I kind of wish I had spent my money on a Dynasty Warriors game instead."
76561198296841681,Not Recommended,454650,34825192,Posted: 8 September,all,bradrapp167,if u want to mod this game u cant here
,Not Recommended,454650,35038518,Posted: 17 September,all,Knoticle,HEY KIDS YOU LIKE CLICKING MOUSE 1
,Not Recommended,454650,26296446,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,AntiMatterTape,"Bad story, bad controls, sub par graphics, returning after 1.1 hours of playtimes."
,Not Recommended,454650,26329051,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HalfLucid,Input handling is absolutely terrible. Simple combos are next to impossible using afterglow xbox controllers on PC. The game recognizes something as simple as Up+A less than 10% of the time. Avoid if you don't feel like manually remapping controller deadzones.
,Not Recommended,454650,26346417,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,HydrocarbonKing,"Offline gameplay is smooth. Not as smooth as I'd expect though. Consistantly get 40-42 fps on ultra settings with a GTX1080. Pretty dissapointing there.Online though, is where this game has tried my patience past the last straw. Regardless of the connection of the other player, or even if I host an online game (120MB DL, 15MB up, 8ms local, 81ms to the farthest reaches of the US I could find servers on) the game turns unplayable. Frame rates stutter down to an abysmal 4-5fps as soon as the game is launched past the lobby. Absolutely unplayable, which is mind boggling, as RIGHT NOW, I can play on Xenoverse 1 servers just fine.Customer support has been at a stand still with my support request. Hope this gets fixed or addressed eventually."
,Recommended,454650,26262784,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Commissar Vodka,"Don't listen to these other silly reviews giving thumbs down because of the apparent 'free content changes'Remember when game reviews were about The Game you were playing?Anywhoo.. The actual game itself is amazing.. A sequal done right..To dumb it down to make this review short this game uses the motto ""If it ain't broken don't fix it""It is very much like Xenoverse one but expanded.. With nearly all the issues from the first game completely fixed!The combat, much more complex and fun! Nearly like playing a tekken or street fighter combo wise,The Skills there's so many of them that you can use to make your character completely unique.. Speaking of Uniqueness..The Customisation has nearly quadroupled in size.. So much stuff has been added.. All races can do a unique transformation (Namekians can go titan size, Humans can finally transform into a unique form)The hub world is now seven times larger than Toki Toki City. It is a joy to run around (Or drive around.. Yes I did say Drive) and it can support up to 300 playersSpeaking of players.. The Multiplayer has improved so much.. Little to no lag anymore.. that and the new 'Elite' co-op missions which are pretty much your typical WoW Raid styled tier with having a full party and whamming out on some seriously difficult bosses and characters.. (Large Apes that can one shot and Broly anyone? xD) Making the end game much more appealing in this Xenoverse!The game itself is very optermised. I dunno what people are on about.. I have an AMD FX-6300, 12GB of DDR3 Ram & a GTX750 2GB Vram.. Never dips out of 60fps on the highest settings.The Story is amazing.. Makes you feel like your character is an important piece in the whole Dragonball, Dragonball Z, Dragonball GT & Movies (Including the new series) Saga..Speaking of the Sagas.. This game has so much fan service and details for Dragonball Fans I don't see How you couldn't buy this game! (The Roster has Nearly every character from every Saga also.. Making this the largest roster on a Dragonball game to date... Black Goku anyone?!)So do I say you should buy it.. Yes i think you should... IF you enjoyed Xenoverse one and you are a fan of Dragonball! Even if you're not.. And if you have doubts.. Just pick it up.. Play it for an hour and a half.. If you enjoyed it.. Keep playing! If not..Well there's always the Steam Refunds!Thank you for reading my short review.. I hope you all have an amazing day!"
,Not Recommended,454650,31857368,Posted: 20 May,all,Araragi my boi,"Wanted to try it since it was on sale. Plug my PS4 DualShock4 on PC, as I used it for every other Steam games I've played. Camera infinitely spinning, can only use the down multidirectional arrow. No patch for it for months apparently on forums. Refunded and uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,454650,26359522,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bork,"Its the same exact thing as the first one. Most of the maps are literally the same exact maps too. The game crashes constantly for no reason. The camera is god aweful.I have a great PC, I get great framerates and all but the game will just crash. Like to alt tab your games? Crash. Borderless window? Crash. Scroll through the PQ list? Crash. Pick up too many items in town? Crash.Lots of the quests are broken. One of the main storyline quests for Elite Quests is broken. Nappa will throw a move youre supposed to block in an unplayable area kiling your whole team. Wanna beat it? Just keep loading the mission till it doesnt bug out on you.I cannot in good faith recommend you buy this game."
76561198026420688,Not Recommended,454650,26292168,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheyCallMeGod,Honestly.... and it hurts me to say itThis wasnt worth itIts WAY  similar to the first one the differances could have been a expansion absoulty no reason to charge 100$ for the same game with a few minior changes....the custom animie scenes are cool but just youtube them dont spend the moneyNot WorthSorry bandai
,Recommended,454650,26267417,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ﾝ ﾐ ｵ Ｓ Ａ Ｃ Ｈ Ｉ,"Not going to give this a negative review because of a publisher. Steam Reviews are to review the product not something a publisher did.This game is great. It's a major upgrade from Xenoverse 1 and the combat system is way more fluid. I love the new city compared to Toki Toki. The graphics and animations are amazing as well.The opimization is great 60fps solid, no stuttering or frame drops.If you like Xenoverse 1 you will love Xenoverse 2."
,Not Recommended,454650,26437337,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✪ Aquilarr,"- Game crashes a lot- Quests/boss fights are glitchy, bugs out 9 out of 10 times- Ki is super underpowered as they can be dodged easily- Ki ultimates animations take forever, misses target 90% of the time- Ki ultimates are easily interruptable by kicking away ALL of your stamina (doesn't matter how much you have) leaving you defenseless and get ready to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the AI-Not worth playing until all of the above gets fixed"
76561198334457031,Recommended,454650,34982332,Posted: 15 September,all,NO USER,dfsfsfsfsfsfsafsafsafafasfasfsa
76561198312320365,Not Recommended,454650,31865635,Posted: 20 May,all,batzvb,"[[;.,"
76561198094669533,Recommended,454650,26252914,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,robrick5,k
76561198339612052,Not Recommended,454650,26270564,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Twistytornado,why isnt the game launching
,Not Recommended,454650,26346083,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Puddles,its literally a clone of the first story is almost the exact same thing and even the fighting maps are all reusedif you own the first one don't bother buying
76561198386124409,Not Recommended,454650,31613668,Posted: 7 May,all,lordenzo20778,no
,Not Recommended,454650,32745687,Posted: 24 June,all,neosjog,bad servers
76561198031202970,Not Recommended,454650,26274247,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,mggoku,this is one of the worst dbz game save your cash it get rid of any old mods you made to the last game then ontop of that you still cant transfer the save data there is no offline option all over no mods no cheats all online so get job DBZ this game sucks if they made mods tranferable as in just copy your data i would say nice they think of the old fan base but no SAVE YOUR CASH ITS A WASTE!!!!!! GAME KILLS MODS NO TRANFER FOR SAVE GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -100000000000000000000 game rate from me TILL YOU FIX THIS THE GAME IS UNPLAYABLE AND I WILL NOT BUY ANY MORE JUST KEEP MODING XENO ONE  this game sucks!!!!!!!!!!! ps. own all other games and all box sets love dbz but this online only non-modable game just sucks  save your cash save your mods save you old xeno they destroyed dbz for me with this game -999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999fix your game xeno cuz it sucks
76561198102168360,Not Recommended,454650,26556289,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,zsolesz,"There was a huge bug. i was at char select, did alt+tab and when i come back to the game my char was deleted. its a very annoying bug...  there was my char :S"
,Not Recommended,454650,26553346,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,仮面ライダー  Wizard,"this game totaly broken, can''t running  i feel bad to say this cause i'm super fan of dragon ball series but i know what something wrong in this game so i don't wanna people got some problem like me."
,Not Recommended,454650,30161013,Posted: 25 February,all,PubGProfessional,Meh
,Not Recommended,454650,30327684,Posted: 4 March,all,m3m3,It's not as good as the first game.
,Not Recommended,454650,34943415,Posted: 13 September,all,Miko!!!!!,60 dollars to fight again but in the piccolo future.
,Recommended,454650,26252969,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GreedyMaster,nice game
,Recommended,454650,26253030,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,BabyJoker,BEST GAME EVER OH MY GOD IM IN LOVE
76561198158589312,Not Recommended,454650,32541696,Posted: 18 June,all,thegunsmith,"i want to quickly say that the only reason i dont recommend this game is becuase i cant play it. i boughjt thisw game a few weeks ago, but my laptop broke down so i wasnt able to play it until i got my desktop. when i reinstalled all my games, i decided to try playing xenoverse for a bit, but it would not run no matter what i did. i tryed uninstalling and reinstalling the game, restarting my computer, even looking trhoughthe propertys of the game to see if somethings gliched! (by the way, im no programmer so i might have missed something. have to wait for my friend to come back from vacation and ask her to look at the files if its not fixed.) no matter what i do, all that happens is that a pop up saying the game is starting up apperes and then nothing! please fix this. i really liked this game!edit: finallyt found out what was wrong! apparently my video card is out of date. which is really wierd as this desktop is brand new. im waiting till we visit my uncle to get it updasted as hes a computer mechanic. (what the term for that? i cant remember.)"
,Not Recommended,454650,28503946,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Cow Thighs,4:35 AM - Abbu: im dead.4:36 AM - Abbu: I just got banned by Kimundi for asking if anyone was working on CE for the new update4:36 AM - Abbu: the dude cant do his job or relay the community's problems or thoughts4:36 AM - Abbu: but has time at 4:31 am to ban people for talking about cheats lmaoDo I have to say any ♥♥♥♥ing more? ♥♥♥♥ing cuck runnin around on the forums like a little troll. Game's totally broken btw and this dumbass has done♥♥♥♥♥♥to relay our problems to the dev team. Good ♥♥♥♥ing job Kimundi lol
,Recommended,454650,35485045,Posted: 4 October,all,Phoronix,"Fun game, latest patch get rid of 12 y/o cheaters doctoring the game and breaching all kind of user aggrements. thank you bandai."
,Recommended,454650,35486792,Posted: 4 October,all,Ytar,"After the long awaited support that adds anti-cheat to the game I feel comfortable finally giving this game a thumbs up.Modders, hackers, all the same cheater.  Ruined this game and brought it to its knees, sapped all the fun from the game and drove away most of the community.  So adios, glad they finally got a swift kick to the nuts like they deserve..The system isn't perfect but its a start and I'm glad they at least listened and tried."
76561198018604700,Recommended,454650,35485739,Posted: 4 October,all,Tyranni,"Love this game.I enjoyed XV1 immensely and XV2 is more of the same but better in every way. This series is, for me, a perfect DB game. I love that I get to make my own character. I also love getting yelled at by Vegeta whenever I do something stupid.(I do a lot of stupid stuff...)Thumbs up for anti-cheat!"
,Recommended,454650,26296882,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ralen Stargrazer,"DBXV2 largely improves upon its predecessor while still having some noticeable shortcomings.Pros:-More graphical settings-More in-depth combat-Better hit detection-Better netcode-Melee builds are viable-Limitations (no stats or levels) for PvP-Better AI (no more super armor)-Huge and interesting social hub-Unique transformations for every race-RNG is much better-More game modes that offer varietyCons:-Combo chains don't always work-Small CaCs have smaller hit boxes-No anti-cheat to stop hackers from ruining ranked-More or less the same story with slight differences-Original characters have better combos than CaCs-No real chat system for keyboard-Many PQs are straight from DBXV1Overall I give the game an 8/10. For those who enjoyed DBXV1, this one is definitely worth picking up as it's what the first game should have been."
,Not Recommended,454650,26273814,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lesath,"If you thought they learned with the last version, let me tell you, they didn't. Buy it at your own risk and hope you are able to play, because so far I had nothing but pc freezing, steam stop working and game not responding."
76561198106580960,Not Recommended,454650,26590282,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Melon,"T̡̀h͜ę͘͢ ̨̕͠ģa͝mȩ ҉͠i̕s̡ ҉f͝u͝n̢͝͝ ̛a̴͟ǹ̛͘d̨̨ ̡al҉̴̵l͢,̀̕ ́͜b͠ų́t̡̛ ͠I̢ ̴҉ḑ̀͏on̵̛'́t͝ ̛t́h̨́͠i̢n̕k̵ ͡͞t̡͞h͏a̵t̶̶͢ ̶̨́i̡t̷͞s̵̨͜ pri̛c͠è ̧́ş̛h̡̕͝o͜ư̕l͜d̷ b͢͞e̵̕ ͟a̶̡ś̡ ̨̀hi̸͡g̴h̵ ́a̧͠s̵͜͏ ͏͡i̸̷̶t̡ ́i̛͞s̨̛ ̴̶͠f͏̶oŗ̸͘ ̢͝͠th̷e̴ ͏b̸̧ugg̸̡ì͏n҉̸͏e̴̷͢s͡s̛͢ ̶t͞h͟ą͞t̢͞ tḩ͡e̡ ͟ga͝m͘͜e̶̷ ̶̶ś͢t̶̡i̶̢͟l̴̛l̕͠ ͡ha̛͝ş́,͠ ̴e̵͡͞s̷̴p̸͘é͡c̀͏i̷̷͘a̸͢l͡͡l̕͏y ̶f̨o҉̴r̸̀ ̵̴̨p͞҉e͏́͡o̷̕͟p̷l̛͡҉e͠͏ ͝w̸h̕o̡ ̶̡̛h̀҉a̷̕͟v̢͘e͞ ͝ba̷͠d̛ įn͢te̢r̕n͘e̶t̕͞ ̀ć͠on̸̨͢n̷ȩc͜͡t͢͝io̴͢͜n̢. ͜͠I'͞m͜͡ ͘͏s͢͏t̨̨͞ì͘l̷҉l̡ ̸͞ǵ̢ǫ͘i͘n͜͏̴g̵̸ ̶t͡ǫ͢ ͘͢͟b̴uy̵ ͠i̡͢͜t̛ ͞fơ̵̡r̀͡ ̸͞͏my ̢͟f̛r̨i̶̶̧e̴nd̶,҉͜ ̨҉b́̕͡ų͜͜t̛ ̨͝a̷̕͝t͞ ͘͠t̡hì̡s̕͜ p͢o̡ín̴̷t́ ̷͢͝I̢͘͝ c̢͝á̧̛r͠҉e ͏̡͏m͏́o̧͜r͘҉e ̵͘àb̵ou҉t͢ p̴̶͝l͏̀ay̴̛i̵͟͞n҉͝g͠ P̷͠ǫké̢̕m̢͝o͏͘͞n S̸͏̡u̕͘n̨ ̧a͘͘͝n̴d M͞oo̸̡n th̛á̛͢n̡͘ t̷͟҉h̛͘i͜s̡͘͡ ̷̨g͜͏̸ame̡͡.̶͞"
76561198037260903,Not Recommended,454650,26330424,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Nomad,"Can't get past hero selection screen? Reinstalled XV2 only to realize its still not letting me advance. Reinstalled XV because there were no options to select my ''previous hero'', didn't work. Yet again I've wasted 50 bucks on a broken game."
,Not Recommended,454650,30471980,Posted: 12 March,all,cute twink,can play this on roblox for free
,Recommended,454650,26294290,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,BEST KAMEHAMEHA WAVE EVER!
,Not Recommended,454650,26309888,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pink Taco,Got this game so i could fly in the hub only to have my dreams crushed by needing a flying license... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198292574970,Recommended,454650,31830541,Posted: 18 May,all,Black star,not bad
,Not Recommended,454650,30244176,Posted: 28 February,all,Brandon Potter,"Terrible overall, and all teh DLCs are awful, just like in the first Cenoverse. I wouldnt recommend buying this game."
76561198167706047,Not Recommended,454650,26254894,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SmoothDjazz,no ♥♥♥♥ing ultra wide support..  nothing makes a fast paced fighting game look good like two black ♥♥♥♥♥ on bot sides of the screen.
,Recommended,454650,26252890,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Spicy Curry,Some gooood eatin
,Recommended,454650,26252423,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,|||| | D r | | M a n i a | ||||,"A | D r | | M a n i a | reviewDRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2SEASON PASS REVIEWScore=8/10ProsConsA direct upgrade from the first Xenoverse game(As well as any other anime game) Only play if you an avid Dragon Ball fanGood replayability before 100%Plain Aggrovating and RepetitiveGood plot and storylineEnding is decent (But actual ending is in DLC Pack 4)Combat is decent at the mostSuper moves, Ults, combos and button mashingCommentsOnly play if you love dragon ball and have decent knowledge of the gamePlaying has made me rage quit. Which was a fun experience."
76561198119640474,Not Recommended,454650,32749293,Posted: 24 June,all,Fullofrandomness,Wait for Dragon ball fighterz.
,Not Recommended,454650,26302350,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Chokey the deepthroating gerbil,"The game isnt good, its just the first one but more annoying."
76561198026174212,Not Recommended,454650,26304523,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Xenon,"awefull, if never had a less enyoable time in a video game in my entire life.combo attack time - advanced sends its regards..."
76561198084385333,Not Recommended,454650,26253598,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Prophet Yogen Sha,"Compatability issues are my main concern. I've only been able to make it into the game but one time, and it was great, but all in all I personally can only vote no until I can experience the game withOUT crashing. It's one thing if I had played wih low frames, and felt a bit poorly, but it's a bit annoying to go to he start menu everytime now, and CRASH the moment I press start. Until change is made, highly unrecommended for compatability issues."
76561198246251272,Not Recommended,454650,31801087,Posted: 17 May,all,TheSchoolRumbler,"When I bought the game I was SOOOOO hoping that instead of the same boring♥♥♥♥♥story as literally EVERY other dragonball game in ♥♥♥♥ing existence, THIS time you'd be fixing the history of the movies. (♥♥♥♥ anyone that complains they arent cannon, I WANTED SOMETHING NEW!)They fixed a lot that was wrong with the first one, but got lazy af and just decided to keep the same old story but just add 2 or 3 movie bad guys (oh and the one demon ♥♥♥♥ gets a new transformation) to make a new story.The DLC is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I bought the 80$ version of the game expecting more movie badguys and more movie dlc. instead I get some bad ♥♥♥♥ing characters from super and a couple of moves and clothes. They only added ONE extra chapter to the main story missions. (But hey at least I got to see Goku beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the edgelord hitman in a nice cutscene.)Did I mention that this is a multiplayer game? It is. BUT it doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing feel that way! I SEE 30 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S STANDING NEAR THE PARRALLEL QUESTS PRACTICALLY SWEATING ON EACH OTHER AND WHEN I TRY TO SEARCH FOR ROOMS NO ONES PLAYING! TRY TO DO SOME BOSS RAIDS AND GUESS WHAT?! STILL ♥♥♥♥ING NOTHING! WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DID YOU BUY A MULTIPLAYER GAME TO STAND AROUND FOR HOURS DOING JACK♥♥♥♥♥♥! I SEE THE SAME GOD DAMN UGLY ♥♥♥♥S STANDING IN THE SAME GOD DAMNED POSITIONS WHEN I COME BACK AFTER 12 HOURS! THEY JUST STAND THERE WITH THAT STUPID LIFELESS LOOK IN THEIR EYES STARING AT NOTHING! YOU WANT A GOOD DBZ GAME? BUY ♥♥♥♥ING BUDOKAI 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!"
,Recommended,454650,31587186,Posted: 6 May,all,V@sY💗<jumpers-universe>,Nice
,Not Recommended,454650,26310871,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TJ,"5 out of 10No, I will not comment further and feed the trolls, have an outstanding day!"
,Not Recommended,454650,32873867,Posted: 27 June,all,Accursed one,Cant complete the tutorial. If you want to play xenoverse 2 just buy the console version.
76561198029737744,Recommended,454650,26252686,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,orenbdlv,crazy game ggwp
76561198142276578,Not Recommended,454650,26253604,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Prosaltyjohn,"Incredible Jank, like Sega CD Jank. The visual requirements are way too high for a cell shaded game, all the blast effects look wrong, and the game can't even run at a decent framerate.Do not buy until fixes come out.PS.Where the ♥♥♥♥ is my deluxe package and preorder♥♥♥♥♥♥PPS.Play a short character, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new combos won't hit youNice Health/Ki bars tho"
,Recommended,454650,26252474,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Camblin,Mr Buu turn you to chocolate!!!!  Me like candy!  A pow pow.  Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
,Not Recommended,454650,34962536,Posted: 14 September,all,Cookie.pdf,"I do not reccomend this game, it has no common sense, to get to the story mode is confusing, and you NEED save data from the first xenoverse."
76561198129304775,Not Recommended,454650,26252800,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Hendrix,same damn thing as xenoverse 1
,Recommended,454650,26252186,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,bote,makes small p into big p and big bang attack until final blast and i kamehameha
,Recommended,454650,26252362,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,cheesebobi,"I haven't actually played the game yet, I just wanted the first review... but like we got dragon ball movie events now... so that's cool. I mean I have no proof because I havn't played it.. but it was in the trailer. It should be fine, looks good... I think."
,Recommended,454650,30414815,Posted: 9 March,all,Black Magikarp,Dragonball Xenoverse 2 is a game i enjoyed finishing from start to finish. The story is great but i have to admit some of the voices sometimes sound a bit...weird. The gameplay is great with tons of skills and ultimates to make your attack sets one of a kind. The character creation like in the first game let's you create your Dragonball character wich i had fun making my own character and even though that's not a game mechanic i like to give my character their own story making me feel like my character is actually apart of the Dragonball Universe. I also like learning skills and ultimates from my favorite Dragonball heroes and villains even though some of them are pretty useless but they are from weaker characters from the show (and you all know who they are.) Most importantly the large time rifts are a ton of fun too and you get to fight alongside some powerful characters in quests they give you wich again i really enjoy. So in the end Dragonball Xenoverse is a great game and i think it's worth the money. i give this game an 8/10 some things could be fixed like the multiplayer is hard to find someone to fight with and if you do find one they probably overpower you and will definatly defeat you in seconds but in the end i enjoy it and Dragonball Z continues to be my favorite anime.
76561198172939566,Recommended,454650,30534491,Posted: 15 March,all,TheDiamondKing33,"Awesome, way better than the first one."
76561198086396785,Recommended,454650,30538647,Posted: 16 March,all,kingdom4irfan,baddas fight
76561198117440244,Recommended,454650,30545673,Posted: 16 March,all,Squoze,"My friend got me into dragon ball, then told me to get this game after I watched a good amount of dragon ball. So I did that, and I don't regret it. This game is amazing, and dragon ball is seriously awesome. I think this game is really cool. I like the PvP and the PvE in it. The lore behind the game is also dope. I majorly recommend this game to other people."
,Recommended,454650,28431630,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Orion,"This game is good and a lot of better than first version but a lot of things (arcs in story mode and heroes) missing. Black Goku for everyone (and his SSR), Vegitto SSB, Future Trunks and his ability from DBS when he kill Zamasu, Zamasu (Kaioshin and fusion), Muten Roshi, Chaotzu, etc. I think they could add 2 arcs from DBS and from DBZ and DBZ films. They could repair servers and I think that's it."
,Recommended,454650,30677050,Posted: 22 March,all,JoordyDreaming,"Great Game, single Player Is Solid, Sadly The game Is a very bad Port from ps4 and Xbone, The Online features were at the start very bad an now playable , Meaning that connecting to people was very hard. Plus the Expert Missions were not that great from the beginning on , Like out of map teleports Ect. The Game rather has improved But still lacks. i miss a Decent chat system, The chat commands are Long from what You are looking for when you want to do certain stuff. for example There is no way In explaining things to people who join your game, you can't tell them by Typing and that is kind of a pain.i am having alot of trouble because i can't just make friends with someone cus i have no idea how to come in contact with them except by sending a friend invite and hope that person accepts so i can tell him what to do in certain PQ's Or that i want to go get a Z ranking. An other Serious Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥is that when you create a new character , is that you need to redo every PQ you did. I Am a completionist And for that reason alone i have been trying to get all my PQ's To Z Rank , But how awfull is it to Change character to see that you need to redo all of it.  Otherwise i did 100% The achivements and completed everything else. Just not on the highest score yet.I Like this game i seriously do, but the pc port of this game is awfull , And i am kinda sad because i now need To buy these games for my Ps4, Cause i cannot Connect with people easily enough, Making it easier to know i have people who play these games on ps4. Booh for Freaking Playstation Plus.So would i recommend this game? Yes , But only For console , and Only if you know People that Play it . Otherwise you miss out on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Of Content and fun, cause believe me waiting for people to understand what to do , And praying for an fighter that won't go rampage on your face when you try to practice. is not fun."
76561198128743790,Recommended,454650,29877980,Posted: 12 February,all,J0hnnyB0y0,"The game is wonderful, but there are a few things i find that kind of suck the fun out of it sometimes. My First issue is how often the game freezes up or simply stops responding entirely, it happens about 1/3 of the time. I mean, it's a negligible occurance most of the time for me, but it's still bothersome. The worst thing, however, is when the game decides to delete all of your save data out of nowhere. This has happened to me 2 times now, erasing 3 characters, a level 85 saiyan, 67 frieza race, and a 56 frieza race. the soul-crushing idea of having to replay the whole game from scratch and max out another character just because of bad programing causing the game to delete everything you'd accomplished up to this point is rediculous. While the gameplay is phenomenal, things like that take all the enjoyment out of it."
,Recommended,454650,30656514,Posted: 21 March,all,Hera,Seems like a dragon ball xenoverse 1 Patch but i really enjoyed it!
,Recommended,454650,30666381,Posted: 22 March,all,Kristoffer_DK,"The singleplayer part is pretty good, but the multiplayer part is just ridiculous bad!But the game has a good story and it connect with DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE (1), and that is a nice factor."
76561198234008356,Recommended,454650,30619568,Posted: 19 March,all,OByo,They nerf Go-Go Gum. 10/10
76561198132141671,Recommended,454650,30436692,Posted: 10 March,all,Don,This game is so fun. Voice acting is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but its fun to play while baked.
,Recommended,454650,30579933,Posted: 17 March,all,HANDS!,Expert Mission #15 is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Grade A.
,Recommended,454650,30580217,Posted: 17 March,all,LeagueVII,"Loved the game from day one, the updates from the first game were amazing. The hit connections felt more responsive, it's been a great game. I shall be replaying this for a bit and playing quite a bit of online!"
,Recommended,454650,30602135,Posted: 18 March,all,Lucifer,"So I had played this game a lot and still this game is awesome. Cool combos , new blast, players and other. Good optimized and a lot of fun here in conton city.But there is some annoying thing in this and in xenoverse first game. There isn't  free chat you can only use emotes also there isn't trade system.I wish those thing could be updated and it would be much more fun to play if you can freely chat with everyone.Game is 10/10"
,Recommended,454650,30608972,Posted: 18 March,all,Ludditz,"[TL;DR will be at the bottom!]I'm going to apologize in advance, because this review is probably going to be longer than I usually go, as I'm someone who is a fan of the franchise. I'm not a massive fan, but I've seen almost every movie, the entire series of DBZ, red the manga for a huge chunk of DBZ and the original DB, and I've seen a bit of Super. (And GT.. though it pains me to admit it.)So, why am I saying all this? Because I can only give my perspective: the perspective of a fan.Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2: a game that, by all logic I should hate after having been a massive fan of the first DBXV,  and yet...Okay, allow me to explain: this game uses an upgraded fighting engine that's VERY similar to the first game. On the one hand, that's a good thing--why fix what isn't broken--but on the other hand, that's also a bad thing, due to the simplicity of the combat in the first game. They have added some complexity to it, with dash-cancels and teleport cancels being easier to  pull off, but that's also a small problem in itself--making the system even easier, after all--but winds up being fine in the long run. Also, since I was incompetant at pulling off the crazy moves in the first one, it's pretty fun to be able to do a massive 50-hit teleporting melee combo into an Evil Explosion and take off most of someone's health bar.So yeah, the combat engine is much the same, as are the graphics and leveling up. However, your stats do normalize a little bit as you level--I've put 0 points into health with one of my characters, and still wound up with nearly 3 health bars. To be honest, I don't mind it so much, but I am a little sad that you really have a hard being the best at anything. Still, I suppose it beats the previous system where you had no HP if you didn't put points into health, and you wound up with a lopsided character.Honestly, the game is pretty much the same game with some new controls, quite a few new special moves, transformations for each race (golden frieza, giant namekian, nimbus + power pole, super saiyan, and pure majin), and it has a new, unique-ish story.I say unique-ish mostly because the first half to two-thirds of the story retread a lot of the ground as the first DBXV, except with some small twists (like Cooler, Slug, and Turles) thrown in to make it a bit different. They also cover a few other stories rather than just the main canon (History of Trunks comes to mind, and no, I won't go into detail on it), and it has its own fairly badass final arc that I wound up really enjoying. I kind of wish the entire game had been just an original story instead of going through a whole bunch of the series canon, but that's just me; I know a lot of people who rather enjoy fighting alongside their favorite characters, and I honestly don't blame them. The novelty is just fantastic.Oh, one other small thing that I have to make a note of: I FREAKING LOVE this game's soundtrack, and I've been listening to a ton of the tracks while I'm working or doing other tedious things, and it just adds so much. Hell, I've muted a few video games and just played some of the tracks in the place of the actual music for those games. For anyone curious as to what I mean, google ""Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 OST Metal Cooler's Theme"" and you'll see why I can't stop listening to this music.So yeah.. overall? I really like this game. It can be a grind at times, and some missions are either WAY too easy or stupidly hard since the AI seems to get smarter (or better at comboing) the higher a mission's rating is.I will fully admit that this game is not a massive leap from the first, and if you've played the first.. you know what to expect. However, if you want more Dragon Ball RPG content, then this can tide you over for a bit. It's also fairly fun to team up with friends and start doing the Expert Missions (which are essentially similar to raids in MMOs).I tend to rate the games I review on scale similar to this:Buy it NOWWait for a saleWait for a deep saleDon't waste your money / timeOverall, I'd say DBXV2 is worth playing, but I'd put it at the ""Wait for a sale"" level, ESPECIALLY if you can get the DLC for it on sale. Why? Well, because there's not much of an improvement over the previous game. And I still think the Supreme Kai of Time is an annoying character.Well, thank you for your time and reading my incredibly amateurish review. Hope you have a pleasant day, and don't get matched up against me in PVP. I will combo you and then throw a giant orb of death on you. Mwahahaha.[TL;DR]Is gud. Get on sale."
,Recommended,454650,30841534,Posted: 30 March,all,Solarian,"This recommendation comes with a qualifier and that is if you are a Dragoonball fan. If you are a fan then you will most likely love this game. The story is fun and the character creation is one its best features. As a game though it leaves alot to be desired, the difficulty spikes can be dramatic and often feel cheap. Enemies at higher difficulty quests have priority in attacks and will often have a boosted animation speed to futher artificially boost their power. as bad as the super armor was in the last game this is far worse and I am sure I am not the only one who thinks this. The ally AI is aweful and they are there purely as inefectual meat sheilds and distraction. Over all I will the first game is a better game but the second is something I have and will come back to time and again. It's a hoot though fustrating at times"
76561198063542480,Not Recommended,454650,26426741,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tizona76,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR PC!!!! ITS A BUGGED MESS AND WILL NEVER BE FIXED!!! THIS GAME IS GOOD FOR CONSOLES BUT ITS A 0/10 FOR PC!!!!Console: Now this is the review for people who want a good competitive fighting game and are true fans of DBX. If your coming into this game ready to jump into pvp then prepare for dissapointment. This game is no longer a fighting game, its a mmo with a fighting aspect therefore resulting in lack of skill to win fights. Skill is hardly noticible. Whatever skill there is just ends up being covered up with an overpowerd ki blast. Thanks to stamina breaking even if you are skillful you still have a big chnace of losing. Unlike other fighting games this game has people that just play to win because of the lack of skill winning isnt a issue. A lot of moves are broken and by broken I mean their damage being way to high. Xnoverse 1 had high damageing moves too however they were hard to hit and required skill to land. Same would go for this game however that is not the case due to heavy stamina breaking. Heavy stamina breaks are easy to hit after youve learned them and they are not hard to learn. One heavy stamina break knocks your opponent to the ground levaing them stunned and helpless. A lot of players who play to win do this then follow up with a crazy over powered attack to finish the game instantly. Step vanishing was also removed. Step vanishing in Xenoverse 1 was a very hard skill to learn and required practice. Once you learned it though it was really benificial to pvp. This skill has been replaced with a new step vanishing. It is now as easy as 123. Very easy to use in battle. It doesnt drain anything and can be used as as many times as you want. During a xenoverse 2 step vanish your invincible and because you can step vanish so rapidly people are almost impossible to hit. I have faced some people where the game was very close the timer was running low and they had a little bit more health then me. So they step vansihed the rest of the game and while they were step vanishing I could not even lay a finger on them. As of right now Snap vanishing is not fully functional. When you preforem a snap vanish you teleport behind your enemy while they have you in a combo. Snap vanshing is a defence mechanic but uses 2 bars of stamina when used. It is not fully functional because 50% of the time when I snap vanish in pvp I end up just snap vansihing right infront of them allowing them to just continue their combo. Pvp is not very good in this game and very unbalanced. I hope they will fix it and Re-balanace it but as of now dont come into this for pvp. The rest of this game is spectacular and I reccomend it for that."
76561198153150861,Recommended,454650,30865042,Posted: 31 March,all,Perfect Bazooka,1 wordEpic
,Recommended,454650,30861936,Posted: 31 March,all,Thicc Mike,"Not too different from the first game. Only real differences is now super saiyan does'nt run out and every race now has a race specific transformation. Other than that and a slightly different story, it's Xenoverse 1 all over. Even the PQs are the same or really similar. Still fun tho."
56213006071598753,Recommended,454650,30865545,Posted: 31 March,all,KingValkyrie_The_First,awesome
76561198223284572,Recommended,454650,30860585,Posted: 31 March,all,justtwan2,too much water. 7/10
76561198336270616,Recommended,454650,30880978,Posted: 1 April,all,JoKeR,nice game !!!!
,Recommended,454650,30872602,Posted: 1 April,all,seco,"Probalby one of the best Dragonball game,it was really easy for me for some reason (maybe becasue when you start the game you get the items that you last had on DBXV 1)but later on (7* quests / expert missions) they are god difficulty."
76561198151446286,Recommended,454650,26319357,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Choosingtulip66,Very good game. It accually feels different for the first game and has some differences to it!
,Recommended,454650,26403103,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[DD] Aelyndir,+GAMES GOOD PLAYS GOOD FIGHTING IS FUN GOOD DEVELOPMENT ON FIRST GAME-ONLINE SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥MAKES ME WANT TO DIE=BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,454650,26403625,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vattic,"Main Review:The game is fantastic. It maintains the feel of the first one while adding to it with improved combos, more moves, more transformations and more characters (I can finally play as Nail!). I'd definately recommend playing online with a friend if you can, because online battles can get VERY competitive (it may have taken my Namekian four attempts to beat that SSJ3, but he did it). The graphics also look quite a bit better, though I'd recomend setting brightness to max.Bugs and Complaints:After a few bugs and missing Pre-Order dlc, everything seems to be fixed for me. Those people who say it isn't working for them despite having great computers have possibly done something to mess it up themselves (human error is the most common cause of this sort of thing).I have an AMD A10 7850k, 8GB RAM and a 2 GB GTX 960, and I can run this game flawlessly. Just to compare to some people who think the game doesn't work, I definately can't run the Witcher 3 at Ultra at 120fps - I can only run it at 80. Please stop using the Witcher as a baseline, its really not all that demanding thanks to the wonderful optimisation put in by the developers."
,Recommended,454650,26274567,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Komrade Klutch,"When I buy a game, I buy it for it's initial content (unless listed as early access; that's totally different) not what 'might' come out over the next year for free. 9 times out of 10, those content upgrades are terrible because the game companies are moving on working on ""Insert Generic Title 2,3,4,5, etc"" and just eke out enough effort to say they did that.Let's level set for a second here, gang. Would you pay a contractor to come to your house to install something in your home and then pay him an additional amount to show up randomly through out the year to add things he thinks are interesting to your home? No, you f*cking wouldn't because that line of logic is completely r*tarded and he probably doesn't even have your same taste in style. Your traditional victorian, he's art deco. Not gonna work.This is even more r*tarded if you think he's coming back to add a contemporary end table in your foyer for free. Good f*cking luck with that.Which brings me to my point: Why should you expect a company to do this exact same thing in the first place? Regardless of what they said, the game, in it's current state, is polished, functional, content-packed and easily well worth the sub-industry average release price of an A-list fighting game (Looking at you, Mortal Kombat X) price tag of $49.99. To complain that they aren't offering ""more free stuff"" after you bought it for a whole year should not have even determined whether or not you bought the game in the first place. Be glad a company is even making a DB game for you to enjoy at all.The game is great, Cut scenes are a little heavy over time.9/10, The Butthurt steam fanboys are OVER NINE THOUSAAAAAANNNNNDDDDD!!!"
,Recommended,454650,26275454,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Noel,Just what I pictured it to be. Awesome :D. Most Recommended.
76561198150680807,Recommended,454650,26256528,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,a tower of hats,"I love this game. If you're a good Dragon Ball fan I'd reccomend you getting this. It's worth every penny. The story is unique with very good graphics. I love the combo system, lots of variety customization and skill sets."
,Recommended,454650,26257094,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TravieTubesock,Enjoying the game but im confused are the Skills and costume items that come with the deluxe edition something you need to buy and unlock or is it something you just have and need to do something for them? Other than that the game runs smooth and its rather enjoyable.
76561198080616256,Recommended,454650,26257226,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Shuffle,Fun game so far needs so bug fixes such as nobody getting black
76561198120918893,Recommended,454650,26257228,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,XloverNewman,"Goku black? I pre ordered this game weeks ago and i saw thundershot69 selecting Goku black as an ally, he was playing on PS4 for parallel quest but the Goku black option is not available for me, why not? someone please help"
,Recommended,454650,26253153,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Paolo Pinkel,It is a good Dragonball Game. Buy it.
,Recommended,454650,26253182,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Scooter (Serenausagi),i love it  is an improvement on the alresdy awesome first game and i love the transfer option from previuos game amd the flying in canton city if you love DBZ this is your game if not try it you might find something you like in it and it's worth the price if you are a diehard fan like my self. Enjoy
76561198069113043,Recommended,454650,26253193,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Riley,Said game would come out in less than an hour... Game comes out in over an hour.10/10
76561198040752905,Recommended,454650,26253197,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Billy Mays,Game seems fun but i don't have goku black : /
,Recommended,454650,26253240,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,someguy.dll,"The game isn't much like XV1, many things have been changed except gameplay. But it's really gives a new atmoshpere of a new game. I recommend it."
,Recommended,454650,26253320,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Phantom,"Provides a lot of quality of life improvements over the first game. Combat is fast paced and fun, and it still retains a lot of that classic Dragon Ball humor."
,Recommended,454650,26308016,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RadicalMooseLamb,"I'm finally going to take the time to write my review. I've played through a good amount of gameplay.I will start by saying that as much as a lot of people have hate for Bandai Namco I have a lot of love for what they've brought to us. They have published some of my favorite series of all time. It's such a shame that they are so new to standards for PC and have trouble catering to western audiences. I can only hope that in the future they learn what it is western fans of their games are looking for.With that out of the way. Lets talk about the game itself.Pros+Faithful recreation of fighters from DBZ.O right down to how they attack and their arsenals+Good level layouts+Non-intrustive multiplayer functions+Good DBZ rosterO even some of my favorites like Nail make an appearance+Lots of variety in how you can fight and how you can dodge.O you can choose to take brute force hits to the face and guard through them all like Recoome or NaapaO or use lots of fast vanishing side steps or teleportation like goku and most saiyans+Better story than the original and honestly prob the best storyline in a dbz gameCons-Bad recreation of anything outside of DBZO Zero existance of dragonball move sets or characters.O Poor GT selectionO Super too new so super roster is lacking. Future Trunks missing newest powers and black goku not able to go rose.O Movie characters missing and existing ones having big misses for no reason. Giant nameks are now a thing but yet Lord Slug is a known giant namek and cannot transform.-Bad destructable environments.O Cool effects when you use a power but than they quickly disappear. Barley anything blows up.O No planet killer effects. No blowing up fighters with ultimate finishes.-Lack of a sense of character growthO Because dragonball is missing you don't get the same sense of growth that the series itself had from goku starting as a small child with no powers to becoming a legend. Your character sort of instantly goes from struggling with the ginyu force to besting full powered frieza.-Unfortunate missed opportunites for varied fighting styles for Created Characters. You can't choose how you want to fight to make your style more like your favorite fighters.-Story while good in DBZ standards is still really poor. Story is barley there and serves as mostly a hinderance to gameplay rather than as an interesting motivation to see more of the game.-Roster still quite small in comparison to Tenkiachi 3 from long agoThe con list may seem longer but it's only to accurately explain the complaints I did have with the game. This is still one of the best DBZ games in a long long time. It is a ton of fun to play especially so if all you care about is DBZ and don't care about any of the other Dragon Ball series. Creating a character in this game is better than any other DBZ game out there. And there is a lot too it even if there are some parts still missing. It's fun to style your character exactly as you imagine yourself. There still though isn't a whole lot more in this game compared to the first, but it is better in every way even if in some areas only short gains were made.Hopefully this will go the same way the other trifecta series have gone in the past. Budokai 3 and tenkiachi 3 were masterpieces that combined and built upon the previous two games in their respective series. Vastly superior to their prequels. Time will tell if Dimps can pull off another DBZ game for the ages in the third installment."
,Recommended,454650,26308121,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Decial10,"It's a REALLY, good game but 1 problem...You get Goku Black by Pre-Ordering game or getting the day 1 edition....I DIDN'T GET MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING BLACK! But if i didnt get this day one i would give this game a 9/10 because i didnt get black i give it 8.5/10 .-. ..."
76561198026711285,Recommended,454650,26308149,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,Majin Vegeta.10/10
76561198014528241,Recommended,454650,26308561,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NorseFury,"Great game, improved from Xenoverse 1, only slight issues with servers and one crash. 8.5/10"
76561198039982498,Recommended,454650,26309036,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DokktaWaaaghzon,"♥♥♥♥ milk Deliveries. ♥♥♥♥ your locking camera. It's a stupid gimicy addition to the game, and the fact that it doesn't really affect the game at all makes it even worse that every milk mission takes at least 11 tries to do moderatly well.Thank you."
,Recommended,454650,26309044,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Jackie Chun,"Better than the last game, gud job!"
76561198298621229,Recommended,454650,26309327,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bananablaster69,"Bigger and relatively better than the original. If you liked the first it is worth a buy. If you are new to it, it is really not a bad game. Easy to learn but tough to master all around fun."
76561198132032656,Recommended,454650,26305550,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Agenttrk,I'm stuck at the time rift part and idk what to do somebody please tell me what to do!!!
,Recommended,454650,26306421,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,✪BOT,"1st Impressions are simple, if you’re looking for a solid Dragonball Z title with surprising depth and you’ve never played Xenoverse before, then you might want to pick this up! That said, if you are familiar with the series and played Xenoverse before, then this basically Dragonball Xenoverse the Deluxe Edition. It’s not exactly a sequel, more of a refined and expanded Game of the Year edition of previous title!Pros –* Lots for Dragonball fans to enjoy!* Expanded Xenoserve with larger HUB town, more tasks to do, and things to collect.* Very good graphics and runs stable of higher end rigs.* Playing with friends is delightful.* Game is fluid, fast, and very deep. Will take a long time to master.Cons –*Currently, Lots and lots and lots and lots of bugs. At the time of writing there is a huge list of issues on the forums, check those before you consider purchasing. Joysticks get inverted controls in menus, which revert back in some instances. Custom layouts reset to default in Multiplayer, various crashing, connection drops, etc etc. They are releasing updates and patches, but it may take several weeks if not a month or more before things start being stable overall. Purchase at your own risk and expect things to mess up.*On the surface it feels like a bargin-bin game, but it's better than it the character animations and bad voice acting suggest.*Online Multiplayer is lacking a lot of depth and control. Room creation is a chore.*Denied access to the Multiplayer Lobby and Flight in HUB until you complete Frieza Saga, which saps some fun out, but you can join Multiplayer rooms via NPCs though until then.*AI in PVP matches cannot be controlled or scaled, it’s set to extreme difficult by default and can be very, very hard to deal with. If you’re new to the game can get decide to fill a slot with a Computer AI, expect the AI to destroy everybody in the room unless your friends are well-versed in the game.*Story Chit-Chat often goes on for ages mid-fight, even after you’ve beaten everyone in the zone. There is no way to skip in-mission dialogue and it can force you to take more damage than you desire. It’ll make certain NPCs invulnerable at the last sliver of their health, which can be frustrating."
,Recommended,454650,26306763,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gunner,"It's like the first game, but better.You can become the ultimate OC again, and if you had the first game, make your original ultimate OC the other ultimate hero."
76561198217218276,Recommended,454650,26268158,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,My_nama_jeff,"I love the game so far, it has its flaws, but I hope they'll eventually fix it in the future. The game is a little hard to get used to (if you have been playing the first one for awhile). Honestly, I've heard about the year of free updates has been changed, and I'm not that concerned about that at the moment. Us as a community has to call them out in order to make change, Eventually they have to listen to us, or else they won't have any business.I've been having some glitches at the moment, I can't really hear any of the dialogue while I'm in a mission,  I can hear the characters clearly when they're in a cut scene, but while I'm in game, I have to rely on the subtitles. I've also have been having problems with getting Black Goku, I have the Vehicle, but not the character. Also, I've also have been getting issues transferring one of my characters from the previous game, I have not come across a Tutorial on how to do that yet.All though it has it's flaws, it's pretty solid. It needs a couple updates for it to be a fully polished game. All we need is patience. Keep in mind that this is been the second day of it's release on the Pc, and it's pretty common to have a few glitches in a game; Although, I'm kinda upset that the developers haven't double checked before releasing it, but Imma give them the benefit of the doubt (for now)."
76561198034550620,Recommended,454650,26255014,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Malachite_Dragon,"If you liked the first one, you'll like this one; Everything has been improved on, and you get a vehicle to zip around the hub map very, very early on so running from place to place is much less tedious. I did pre-order and haven't yet recieved my items, but I will save judgement on that for later to see if I recieve them later in the game after passing a story point.EDIT: The latest update has indeed given me Goku Black and Future Trunks as per my Pre-Order. All is well in the timeline."
,Recommended,454650,27166551,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Insanecyclone,"Story is far weaker than Xenoverse 1. You just pop up with random places AND SUDDENLY THERE'S BROLY, OH♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU BETTER BEAT HIM!Gameplay is far better this time around too because there is no super armor and you can combo  into certain skills much easier. You also inheretiny gain +1 skill even if you don't put any skills in anything like strike supers.I'm not good with reviews but basically -Story - ♥♥♥♥ing stupid so just ignore the typical anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tGameplay - Much improved over XV1.8.5/10 too much water"
,Recommended,454650,27247718,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RoFro,"Awesome game that is in need for an update or two on its multiplayer. Recommend to not just DBZ fans, but fans of any fighting rpg game."
,Recommended,454650,27255746,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KulturAllat,"Same, but different.Fans of the first game will buy the second one and will enjoy it.If you're new to xenoverse you should definitely skip the first game, since this one has everything that one had. Even the main story is almost the same at the beggining.In a nutshell: Forget XV1, buy XV2."
,Recommended,454650,27292493,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Veltex,"buggy, but fundon't get if you're not a dragonball fan"
,Recommended,454650,27237948,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PrObLeMaTiC,"Unfortunatlly there is no good and bad option for a review so i'll go with the good cuz it's better than it's worse, the game itself is not bad just like the first one it's a very good game and very enjoyable, there is a lot to do and no metter how good you are you'll always have a way to improve, unfortunatlly again the game has a ton of bugs which will hopefully will be fixed in the future just like Bandai promised, overall i'd reccomand the game to any fighting games lovers and the series's lovers."
,Recommended,454650,27243219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gamema5ter2001,this game has earned a spot in my heart for beauty hit detection and general move awsomeness
,Recommended,454650,27234011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ham thef,I'll gladly give♥♥♥♥♥♥if they add SSGSS and/or SSJ4
,Recommended,454650,27123284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Papa Bless *hellcase.com,"They are back at it again with the new release in this possibly a new franchise, Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2. I absolutely loved the first game and had high hopes for this one. But did it do the job? The short answer for it is yes, it definitely met my expectations. What does that mean to you though? Heres my review for DBXV2.Disclaimer : This is coming from a huge fan of Dragon Ball, so opinions may vary.  :)First off, what actually changed ? It introduced a lot of new characters into the game (mostly from the movie of the series that we didn't get in the first game) as well as a whole lot of new Parallel Quests. The city is now a big hub instead of just 3 zones. Lastly the story is slightly different from the first game but mostly the same purpose. You still get to create your own character choosing from 5 races but now with a race exclusive transformation for each race.Pros :1. If you are a fan of the series and played the last game, I'm sure that you are butthurt for DIMPS not adding in movie characters like Gogeta, Janemba and Bardock. They finally did it this time, probably because of all the whinning players of the first game made XD.2. Transformations !! In the last game, saiyans are the only ones that has a transformation and was quite broken as you get unlimited KI when you go Super Saiyan. But now, probably also due to player feedback, every race now have a race exclusive transformation. From the Majin race turning into Kid Buu to Human race able to ride the Flying Nimbus in battle as well as Nemekians having the ability to turn into giants.3. 4 Paid DLC confirmed for the game as well as at least 1 free DLC confirmed for the game. This means that the developers are ready to fully support this game for quite some time and that's definitely an improvement over the last one.4. Mentors !! We now have more mentors, on top of that it is now less tedious to learn all of the skills they have to offer. Definitely a plus for people that came from the last game.5. A new and more polished AI as well as combat system. More mechanics, more depth in combat, it has done a great job in raising the skill ceiling but at the same time make it easier to entry.6. QQ Bangs ! In the last game, you need to pick the clothes with the best stats to help improve your stats regardless of the looks. Even if it looks stupid, you still have to wear it to be powerful. Now with the new QQ Bang, it essentially replaces the stats provided by your clothes with the stats of the QQ Bang. It means that you can have the stats as well as the looks at the same time. Though you still lose a little distribution of the stats.Cons:1. The story is probably the worst part of the game, hands down. The story is basically the same as the last game, evil villians trying to change history and you as the new guy try to stop them, that's it, no new ellaboration though DLC in the future might change it though. The however is miles better than the first game.2. There's this bug in the game where when you create a new character, you need to play the story again, unlock all the characters again as well as all the Parallel Quests. The only thing you get carried over to the new character are outfits, skills, QQ Bangs and Super Souls. I'm not sure if this is intentional or a bug, but I hope they at least make that an option instead of forcing us to replay the main story ( I played a total of 7 story quest already :( )Final Verdict :As a final verdict, I give this game a solid 8/10. They improved alot on what was wrong/missing in the first game and the end result was this game. It managed to please a lot of hardcore fans as well as made it easy to entry for newer audiences that came from the newest Dragon Ball series. With the support they promised for at least a year after the game's launch, it is looking like this will be a solid game. As a fan myself, I felt really satisfied with the outcome."
76561198073057166,Recommended,454650,27130520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dabdu,This is game amazimg like the anime !!!!!!
,Recommended,454650,26253272,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Frosty Avenger | society.gg,"A vast improvement upon the ground laid out by Xenoverse 1. Everything has been improved if-not reworked; Melee fighting, Ki blasts, Recovery, Combos link together like a real fighter, Faces, cutscenes, Story is less campy, but includes more humor, Some past DBZ characters are brought into the mix and done justice. Many people complained that this game looked nothing more than a copy-paste of the first game with a tired played-out story, But I can say without hesitation, I was actually surprised at times during the story, Can you believe that? What about the DBZ story could ever be surprising when it's been retold in every past dragon ball game for 15+ years? I don't wanna spoil anything nor do I wish to overhype this game's story more than it obviously deserves, But DBZ Movie characters, Original Voice actors and character interactions never before seen. THIS IS a damn good sequel. I always said Xenoverse 1 was 50% of a full game. This game is 110%. I'm ""super"" excited to see what can be done with a xenoverse 3 after seeing that beautiful Future of Trunks cutscene."
,Recommended,454650,26393155,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,jonpmota,"Summary: DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 builds upon the DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE with updated visuals and a bigger detailed Dragon Ball Overworld map to date.* Relive the Dragon Ball Z (and this time non-cannon film) storylines by time traveling to historic moments in the DBZ.* New characters and boss fights* More options to character creation system and adjustments to the fighting engine of yester-year.* Free updates and post launch support for more than a year. [FREE***]Over all it's ok, pretty much the same as last year with a few tweaks to make it feel fresh."
76561198062797027,Recommended,454650,26393372,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,"Sage Of Canada, Bobo Won","Overall I would give this game a 7.5/10Pros: Easy and smooth to link combosGood campaignGreat soundtrackTons of extra quests and unlockablesCons: No flying license for some reason right off the bat even though there's no reason not to let the player flyMilk delivery is by far the worst minigame ever put into a video game in the history of video gamesTons of early release glitchesThe biggest con of all is the fact that I am always having to watch my stamina gauge. This game would almost score a perfect rating from me if dodging was a purely skill based technique like in the Raging Blast series. The way stamina works in this game is that you use stamina to dodge attacks or cast evasive moves, if you have no stamina then you almost can't defend yourself. Worst of all though is that if you try to block attacks instead of using stamina to dodge your opponent will break your stamina and treat you like a punching bag with nothing you can do about it. You would also think a way around stamina would be to just put tons of stats on stamina but the game punishes you for having high stamina because of the way stamina break works, if you have high stamina and get stamina broken you basically lose right then and there."
,Recommended,454650,26393425,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,SuperSaiyanSonic,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (or DBXV2) is a huge improvement of Xenoverse 1. Better gameplay mechanics, a better storyline...a better game in general. With more of a character roster (and more to come in later DLC involving DBS characters), this will keep every Dragon Ball fan and fans of fighting games engaged for many many hours. I will say that DBXV2 is a top contender for the best DBZ game of all time, with Budokai Tenkaichi 3 and Budokai 3 fighting as well for 1st place."
,Recommended,454650,26392153,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Walter Senpai,Love it.
76561198107330741,Recommended,454650,26392698,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,this_guy8421,"expert missions... FIX THIS!However everything else is awesome, i had a fun time getting adicted to this game and enjoyed all the small aspects like milk delivery and turtle rock finding (db is my fav so yah) pretty much if you liked xenoverse 1 and want to play it some more with the option of extra stuff? then buy it! if you want to have a fun time completing all the expert missions on steam with style and ease and just a generally glitch free experiance then you make want to not buy this game."
76561198136662523,Recommended,454650,26394190,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Deezo,As a Dragon Ball fan I love this game and how much fanservice it contains.
,Recommended,454650,26341817,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SkyCritz,"I do recommend this game.Ingore the negative reviews, the only thing they talk about are the bugs. The bugs (and glitches)will be fixed very soon. This game just came out like 1 or 2 weeks ago. You should already know there would be bugs. The story is fine, cutscenes are pretty good i should say. Also mods. I like how you can install mods. I would give this game a 8/10."
,Recommended,454650,26480745,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Horus,First and foremost I am a Dragon Ball fan. I adore Akira Toriyama works and with this game is indeed a work of art. Now on to the review:Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is the second addition to the Dragon Ball next generation style game with 60 fsp (frames per second) and anime graphics. The custom character creation will leave you in awe for about 40mins to an 1hr trying to get  every ounce of creativity you've ever wanted in a DBZ (Dragon Ball Z) character from the hit anime. As well as your fan favorites you know and love from the shows.
76561198321179877,Recommended,454650,26405762,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,s.rasberry,"After the first start up and 2 hours of gamplay,the game crashed and crashes everytime on startup"
76561198199106946,Recommended,454650,26406489,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,THEFISH18,"well made game. I have encountered a few bugs where the game freezes up and crashes but that is easily solved by beating my laptop with a hammer.  gameplay is very fluid, the fighting dunamics of the game are infinitely better than the first gameI give this game a pineapple/oranges"
,Recommended,454650,26272379,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,★ Jp158,Being a huge dragon ball fan this game hits the sweat spot.When DraonBall Xenoverse (1) came out it was the game that dragon ball fan were waiting for and this game just adds more icing on the cake.Alot of people are saying its a copie from the first with the missions and stuff buts its really not the missions are the same but different things happen in those missions that make it differntHonsestly if you are a dragon ball fan this game is for you
,Not Recommended,454650,26589572,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nidravia,"This game is broken. When accessing PQ's in multi lobby, the game freezes, forcing me to force shut down my computer (have tried multiple computers and everyone I know that bought the game has the same problem). Time rift (Expert Missons) can barely be played IF you're lucky. Summoning Shenron in multi lobby makes the game crash. Tutorials can't be completed most of the time (lucky I don't need them). I also don't understand why progress isn't saved for team members (only the team leader). There is a lot of visual effect glitches and bugs.49.99 is a bit too much for a broken, unstable and untested game.The main story is 50% reused scenes and missions from the first game (same goes for PQ's).First game I gave 7/10.This game I give 3/10."
76561198144292194,Not Recommended,454650,26591150,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Casper,Felt like it floated away from the original xenoverse and i have the specs for it but i still lag also soundtrack disapointing
76561198042706777,Recommended,454650,26362721,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,RaptorGod,You can have Broly as a trainer/mentor.That's good enough for me to love this game.
76561197993659164,Recommended,454650,26467991,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Wing 0,"So much better than the first one, I've always been a massive Dragonball Z/Super fan and this game hit's the nail on the head, although it could do with some downloadable content and a few patches to fix a few minor bugs (1v1 player matches are buggy at times and not being able to challenge people to matches sometimes for no reason, regardless of their level)"
,Recommended,454650,26474078,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Local,"Way better than xenoverse 1So far the only bugs I have experienced have been while playing in online lobby. And it disconnected several times.Playing offline though, no problems apart from a couple loading screens that took a lil longer.Battle system is so so so much better than x1, overall feels more rewarding when completing objectives and goals.Great Game."
,Recommended,454650,26467015,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tcencho,Making ever race lvl 80 is going to be a long journey but its all worth it. Once they release more content and tournaments online this game is going to take off. If you liked any previous Dragon Ball Z game or enjoy watching or reading the series you'll love this game. Whether you play online or offline its tons of fun and can be played for hours on end with no end to new things to do and secrets to be found.I highly suggest checking this game out even if you aren't in to fighting games or MMOs this is worth checking out for the nastalgia factor.
76561198006816432,Recommended,454650,26332077,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,sajmon04,+ Nice DB XV upgrade+ Addictive gameplay+ 60 fps- Gurus house is under attackBest DB game EVER.9/10
76561198066730327,Not Recommended,454650,26470865,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,jeehyung85,"Bugs and glitches out of control. Not minor bugs, but game breaking bugs.Don't buy this game until they release major bug fix update to avoid frustrations."
76561198288019656,Recommended,454650,26478102,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,shadow666,i can go super saiyan 3....now just ssj4 and SSGSS
,Recommended,454650,26476477,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,//◭// NULL  想物 //◭//,"Game is very fun so far, and I loved the first.But let's go ahead and get this out of the way. At current, the game is full of bugs.There is a long running list out there somewhere, but at current I've only dealt with sound issues, keyboard/controller issues, and frequent but random crashes to desktop."
,Recommended,454650,26476678,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Loafus Crambuckle,"They fixed most of the problems that the first 1 had. If you played through part of the first 1, but never finished because of major game flaws, then this is the game for you."
76561198184957281,Recommended,454650,26468241,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Grenade220,nice game
,Recommended,454650,26468983,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,HoldMuhDerp,All you need to know is that the Female Majins are still adorable.SO.CUTE.THAT.I.CAN.DIE./10
,Recommended,454650,26394056,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ALGORITHM CONSULTANT,I punched a lot of guys and blew something up.Pretty good game.
76561198208415272,Not Recommended,454650,26495040,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Okunishi,"I'm not good with reviews, but I'm sure that I can list out the things that I believe that are good about this game, so please take it with a grain of salt as it is my own opinion. (I'll probably update my review if there has been any changes or fixes later on within a few months).EDIT: In the current state of this game, I don't feel like it should be played anyone who is willing to play a game that has tons of bugs at the moment. I do like this game (I say this a lot), but what I'm hearing about the Bandai Namco rumors and such, this should not be recommended to anyone yet.I really like this game, mainly because I am a huge fan of the Dragon Ball series. The game is for those like grinding in MMOs, and/or those who are fans of Dragon Ball. When I played it, it wasn't bad considering that this is my first time playing the second game of the Xenoverse series (Never played the first, got to see the gameplay of it and it was interesting). The game's MMO style really kicks in for me, and because of that unique style of gameplay, I grinded out the entire game out as much as I could. I'm hoping they would release more content, maybe relative to the Dragon Ball Super arcs, because after finishing the entire story, everything fell short and all there was left to do was to do the parallel quests, and/or expert missions (those were annoying to complete considering they had TONS of bugs). However, as I played the game continuously for hours on end, this game had a couple of bugs here and there when I played by myself. For example, there are bugs such as Great Ape being outside of the arena (unable to reach), not-so-smart AI, bosses placed under the arena, etc. These things usually happen in expert missions. The game could use some improvements for gameplay, such as skipping the tutorial when a player has already done it (and was playing for the second time). There still needs to be polishing since the game recently released this year. PC seemed to have a lot more issues than it did for console, however, the gameplay and content is very much fun to play as a solo-player, or with a group of friends. Would I recommend this game? Hell yeah I would, especially those that love the Dragon Ball series. If you ignore the negative reviews, and the bugs/glitches, and focus on the content, and gameplay (as a fan), it really isn't a bad game. Though it will be some time to get these bugs fixed up in a next few months. I guarantee it will be worth your fifty-dollars enjoying this game.Pros:- There are variety of characters you can use when you do regular quests; you don't have to use your own character.- Plotline is very interesting (no spoilers).- Graphics are smooth, regardless of what settings you put it on compatible for your PC/Console.- Fight style is also interesting, has several combos to choose from to defeating an opponent.- There are TONS of skills to use from, from the Saiyan arc, all the way to the Beerus arc, and those from instructors.- Intriguing designs for character looks, ranging from the first quest all the way to the end.Cons (Bugs/Glitches):- EXPERT MISSIONS can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ considering that bosses can glitch out of the ""box zone"" as I like to call it, and a ton of bugs/glitches involved.- The AI in EXPERT MISSIONS are really bad at determining whether to help you or not- CHALLENGE QUESTS are a little wacky on PC; when your instructor teaches you to follow a combo pattern, they mess up and they get stuck trying to figure out what they did wrong.- Game crashes at the random times, may crash after you make a wish to Shenron (might be just me)"
76561198022254313,Not Recommended,454650,26649511,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,janong49,ก่อนอื่นผมโหลดเถื่อนเกมนี้มาเล่นประทับใจมาก เลยจัดแท้ราคาเต็มมาเลย หวังจะได้เล่นออนไลน์แต่สิ่งที่เจอคือ1.หลุดเป็นระยะๆmulti lobby อย่าไปหวังออนไลน์ เข้าได้ไม่นานเดี๋ยวก็หลุด2.เด้ง เกมดับแบบสุ่ม..ต้องลุ้นว่าจะโดนเมื่อไหร่ ยิ่งถ้าเจอตอนใกล์จบเควสยากจะเครียดมาก ซึ่งไอ้นี่แหละผมเล่นเถื่อนจะเครียเกมไป1รอบไม่เคยเจอ แต่เจอกับเกมแท้มันคืออะไร3.Expert mission บัคกระจาย ยากยังไม่พอแถมยังเจอบัคที่ทำให้ไม่ผ่านอีกสรุป Expert mission ตอนนี้ยังค้างอยู่ที่ลิงบาร์ด็อค พยายาม5รอบแล้วเจอแต่บัคลิงหาย4รอบ อีก1รอบเกมเด้งแล้วตอนนี้ก็มานั่งทบทวนถึงเงินที่เสียไป
76561198320886805,Recommended,454650,26616331,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,iamkool333,"This is a good game. Only problem is that when I scroll through my Paralell Quests, it shuts down on me."
76561198213312084,Recommended,454650,26631210,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,tunnelrat338,awsome game!
,Recommended,454650,30908806,Posted: 2 April,all,CharlieDeku,"This game brings back many memories, also it simply adds more features that makes the game even funner(?!) Anywho the graphics is great for a DBZ game and its just overall fun."
,Recommended,454650,26257186,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,NingenSlayer,good now
,Recommended,454650,26296198,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dizzy - Tribe of Judah,I'M LOVING THIS GAME
,Recommended,454650,26296798,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Felix The Great,This game is great. They they pretty much took Xenoverse 1 and improved on it in every way possible.
76561198249800132,Recommended,454650,26274573,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lanetrain416,"Overall, as many have heard, this product is simply more of the same.The story gets higly bland if you played the last one as they simply just thrust movie characters into the story instead of original characters like Mira and Towa. If you loved the first one, love DBZ, or simply just love higly customizable MMOs than buy this game. This is where the game shines through and truely keeps me playing, customizing and bettering my character, playing with other DBZ fans and seeing their playstyles characters and then battling it out, and living through the DBZ I love."
76561198124642571,Recommended,454650,26282509,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Micro,"People say this should have just been the first game, but they built off so many mechanics of the first game, and for people who say it is just a copy, there is loads of new story, mentors, PQ, side quests, and a huge lobby where you can hang out with people. They definitly listened to the players for the game, such as being able to fly in the hub, making it bigger, adding more to the story, more character customization etc. I'm loving this game so far! Reccomend to any casual or diehard fan of DBZ, but even if you dont like the show, the game is still great.(Also, I've heard that Bandi Namco is having isues with players and support for the game, and I honestly am not that phased by this. They made a great game, as long as the season pass gets me 3 or more DLC's, I'm ok with anything really)"
,Recommended,454650,26288090,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ijiero,"For all of you who are looking to the reviews to find out if they want to buy this game; consider this:The game got review bombed by a bunch of circle jerks, circling jerks while jerking circles. And still it's ""mostly positive"".TL;DR: awesome game, a great improvement over the first Xenoverse."
,Recommended,454650,26318424,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,andreit,"For all the DB fans, I highly recommend this game, however if you came from DBXV looking for a sequel, this isnt one, this is just an upgrade.PROS:Better graphics and animationA cool storyDragon BallNo bugs or glitches - at least for meIt is a AAA game for a smaller price witch is niceBetter AI than in XV 1Transformations are awesome except for the buu oneMore Skills and transformationsCons:Promised a bigger character roaster, and the timebreaker chars take 1 slot more.Short StoryThe buu transformation is lazyHas a lot more potential, and it seems that BNEI will release XV 3 next year and this series becomes like FIFA.This game is full of saiyans, and they have 2 more transformations for the price of 1.Costumes affect your stats, so for every stat you want more you will pick the Costume for itMini-consSSJ 1 and 2 Hair doesnt get spiky and doesnt go up, it is so simple to do that, but BNEI is lazy.Ratings : Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9/10 for a DB game.Abilities: 10/10. Very balanced, and unlike the previous version some abilities cost more than others.Character customization : 1/10. As I said before it depends on what stats you wantLevel Grind : 8/10 It doesn`t feel like a grind, but you need it.Personal Experience(witch matters the most) : 9.5/10TLDR- If you like DB, buy this game, if you think that this game is everything that XV 1 should`ve been, its not ."
,Recommended,454650,27550306,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zamasu,Mira needs a hug
76561198162502707,Recommended,454650,27545801,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sleedrag,Cry and Rage at Bugs Simulator 2016jk but its a pretty gud game
76561198012594951,Recommended,454650,27538053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LilZuko | Wolf Gang,10/10 Makes all the girls moist
,Recommended,454650,27948342,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SebGotRekt,"A game where the Dragonball Universe is getting wrecked, the only way to stop it is by going back in time and affecting the timeline even more. 9/10 not enough Guru missions."
,Recommended,454650,27980866,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sircarius Valoro,"""Gurus house enabled me to cheat death! How could this be?!""Short summary."
76561198095496601,Recommended,454650,27985042,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FakeDeath,very good game
,Recommended,454650,27989195,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kizohezo1,Hell of a good time playing. Always a '5 more minutes' kinda game
,Recommended,454650,27833171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,erik_i,I must say the second game is so far much better made.I would recommend the game to all anime fans.GG
,Recommended,454650,26446268,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Papier,"To recommend or not to recommend, that is the questionGoing to keep it simple:+ Wider variation of content when compared to Xenoverse 1.+ Seems to run a lot smoother thanks to proper 60 FPS.+ The game feels a lot less like an endless farming task than it's predecessor.+ Loads of attacks and costumes.+ Drop rate seems a bit better than Xenoverse 1's.+ Time Patroller battles now grants you access to 3 times the rewards (each TP defeated gives rewards, not just the main TP from a TP trio).+ Conton City beats TokiToki City any day.+ Shared bag, zeni and TP medals over all your characters.+ Five side stories (Majin, Frieza, Namekian, Human and Saiyan) not limited to your chosen race.- Even with a proper PC the game tends to lag (for me personally it's when I play on Destroyed Planet Namek and Archipelago). This tends to result in missed strike attacks, thus making it very difficult to actually complete a combo (obviously, since your character tends to miss after a few hits), giving your opponent a perfect window of opportunity to destroy your ugly Qipao outfit- Random crashes- Hitbox and immunity AI are way off, making a lot of Challenge missions a serious, and I mean serious, pain in anyone's behind. Certain combo's become nearly impossible to pull off and thus unusable in actual missions and/or battles. During a Challenge mission the instructor tends to fail at the demonstration due to this, resulting in a neverending loop of your character jumping up and down. Another fun fact: due to the massive fail rate of the combo's you get insulted over and over by your instructor (I personally prefer Buu, he keeps me from destroying anything within reach whereas Krillin made me kill one of my old keyboards).- Expert missions involving gigantic ki blasts tend to bug as well. Either the giga ki blast goes out of reach immediately after it's launch (making it impossible to return it to it's sender, which is the only goal one should have at this point in the game) or the actual enemy NPC gets stuck out of bounds which means you won't be able to complete your mission.- Way too many spelling errors (and no, I'm not including Majin Buu's awesome grammar skills).- Occassional ""out of bounds, off the map"" stuff happening.- At the start of the Story missions and the PQ's a lot feels recycled from the first game.- Awakenings per race feel unbalanced, Saiyans having been the strongest bias in the game.- Krillin's Milk Delivery mission, the timing for a speed boost is really hard to grasp, making it more worthwhile to simply ""skip"" (like Tigger does) the entire mission. Have I gotten any worthwhile rewards from doing this mission? No, an obsolete mission in my opinion, definitely seeing as Bamco portrayed it as one of the two randomly occuring special missions.Summary: screw you Krillin.Is the game currently worth it's price? No.Will it ever be? I sure hope so *looks at Bamco*Is it better than Xenoverse 1? Perhaps. Content-wise yes, performance-wise no.Am I sorry for buying this game? No. Even though it has tons of flaws which NEED to get fixed, I still enjoying playing the game and I have faith Bamco will fix most of the Krillin's (henceforth I will call flaws ""Krillin's"" because that's what Krillin is in this game, one big flaw. Now go get your damn groceries for #18 slave-baldy).Regardless, to me this game is/was highly addictive.EDIT: unfortunately another con, and a major one at that- Online gameplay lags like crazy (tested by forming a team and trying some expert missions with ""ManuHDGames"" from Italy, me being from the Netherlands). Majin Buu one managed, Golden Frieza I got DC'ed right when we killed Golden Frieza and Omega Shenron lagged so bad I got hit while he wasn't even close to me."
,Recommended,454650,26411445,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,The Philosopher,I Do not Recomend this game fully till they fix all there bugs. still a good game
,Recommended,454650,27761424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[A]-SpiriTReaper,Nice !
,Recommended,454650,27787730,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Javia,Lot of fun to play. RNG can be painfull at times if you want to get something and the harder missions are a good challange just what i like about a game.
76561198339088500,Recommended,454650,26526917,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,#1 Godtuber,"These are my final impressions of this game:The reason this game is enjoyable to any of us is because it is Dragon Ball, that's the reason 99 percent of people have bought this game, that is why we enjoy whatever we enjoy about it. For example, people wouldn't be spending hours grinding for the ''Super Baby Vegeta'' costume if it wasn't in any way DB-related.Now, to speak about this game from a non-DB fan biased standpoint. This game is medicore at best. It is filled with flaws, and simply doesn't feature THAT much content compared to most popular RPGs these days. The content that IS available is heavily filled with bugs that are taking ages to get fixed (expert missions being the best example, they simply don't work online, and even offline there are major troubles).Speaking of expert missions, let's forget about the fact that these are characters we know and love as part of the franchise and look at them as regular bosses. Yes, these expert missions are VERY repetitive, you are given a mega boss that usually has a higher health bar as the expert mission difficulty increases and they really just perform 2 actions:1. They throw a giant Ki blast (this isn't so bad offline, but let's not get started about how buggy and horrible this is online).2. They mind control you, this mode is just bad. If you're hit, you go through a portal and fight against some enemy, then another, and another until you return to the map with the main boss and this continues to repeat itself. This is just NOT fun and heavily repetitive IMO.Different races just aren't balanced all that well either, the awoken skills for Earthlings, Majins and now Namekians are just not on par with the global transformation, Unlock Potential. There concepts are great, but the transformations have heavy balancing issues, making Potential Unleashed simply better than these forms in PvP. Thankfully, SSJ and Golden form are still viable and can be preferred over Potential Unleashed depending on your build in PvP.Now this is really more of an opinion but there are facts to this, and that is PvP itself is repetitive. What do you do in PvP? It's usually this, Z Vanish, occasional perfect block, Snap Vanish, back hit, guard break, ultimate/super. This may sound like a lot but really it gets repetitive REALLY fast and while trying out different characters and enjoying their individual combos does make up for it for a little while, that gets boring as well after a not-so-long period.And of course, PvP is riddled with hackers and exploitable moves (dragon burn>god of destruction's anger>ult>repeat) to no extent, and it's taking a lot longer than it should to fix these issues. The fact that this game is client sided doesn't help it either. Unless they change this for XV3 there will ALWAYS be hackers in this game with no solutions (not to mention they obviously prioritize us PC players the least).So for my conclusion I'd say this game will be enjoyable and good for most DB fans, but I wouldn't be expecting the fun to last all that long for most players, will it be long enough to be worth your money if you enjoy DB? Probably. But I doubt most players will be able to play this on a daily basis or even weekly basis for a whole year after a while.If you don't enjoy DB or are unfamiliar with it, simply avoid this game, you won't enjoy it one bit.Now I believe I have gotten my moneys worth, so I'm happy about that. But this game is still filled with A LOT of flaws that need fixing, and even though I believe they have taken much longer than they should have to even communicate with us, hopefully they fix these issues. If they fail to fix them for this game, hopefully they can avoid these issues for the next installment.TL;DR: Game might be enjoyable for you if you like DB, if you don't like/are unfamiliar with DB, avoid this game."
,Recommended,454650,26521407,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Schenkov | Farmskins.com,"The Game is more balanced than Xenoverse 1 Super Saiyan isn't nearly as OP anymore, still the gameplay is really good and the story too.Though i still haven't completed the game i really, really like it. The battle mechanics are better than any Dragon Ball Game out there"
,Recommended,454650,26379901,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hedoro,"I really do enjoy this game, moreso than the first, but as it's been brought up the story feels rather ehh, your new hero feels like he/she's just there, and your imported Hero Of Tokitoki City feels like an afterthought, does nothing and then vanishes once you're done, including their likeness on the holostatue.Besides that and the INNUMERABLE bugs that they haven't even remotely tried to fix, especially in Expert Missions, it's a better game, one I love and wish they would put at least some effort into fixing."
,Recommended,454650,26420295,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Anime Adventure,This game is awesome I love this Game
76561198082574115,Recommended,454650,26348642,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,⎛⎝Velvet Crowe⎠⎞,It's been a Raging Blast so far! ;D Just Sayin... X3
76561197981981061,Recommended,454650,26276070,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Roadkill Eatin' Hick,"I've only been playing it for about a day, but here's what I've seen so far!The Good:You no longer have to grind 'friendship' with various mentors to get their abilities. You can just ask them for training as you become higher level and pass advancement tests.More mentors!More of everything really.City's bigger and you can fly around it. Also most of what you need is all in the same area so no need for loading different areas in order to do what you need to get done!Every race has its own transformation.Even though the story is somewhat the same as XV1 (It's a Dragonball Z game, do you expert there to be a whole lot of variation between them?) there are some new twists.You can craft a QQbang to override your clothing stats, which means no more clown suits if you want the 'best stats'Super Souls no longer have stats attached to them, only effects.The Bad:Game crashes occasionally in battle.Some people are having a LOT of trouble getting the game to work for them. These will be patched soon I would imagine.No new races, not that we REALLY need them.Some battles can be rather buggy, like the Namekian dragonball missions. Sometimes a Dragon ball or an enemy will find itself inside the terrain. The Great Ape expert missions are surprisingly buggy. I've seen a great ape use his massive ki blast then somehow teleport out of the area, making it impossible to finish. This will most likely be patched on November 1st.The Dumb:You can't fly in Conton city in the beginning because it's 'dangerous'. Instead, they give you a fast, hard to control vehicle. That makes a LOT of sense.The beginning video says no using Kamehameha blasts in town. Apparently it's OK to use any other ki blast. Discriminating against the Turtle Hermit school is wrong.There are many times when the text on screen and what the voice actors say don't even come close to lining up. Not a big deal really. I've also noticed a few typos in the text in the game.In the tutorial they say when you see ""WARNING"" a strong enemy will appear. Who appears? Yamcha. False advertising. Hercule could probably kick Yamcha's♥♥♥♥♥Other than that it's a great game if you like Dragonball Z games."
,Recommended,454650,26302555,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,雨郷暗殺者,awesome game. but need improvements for the bugs! thanks
76561198062539750,Recommended,454650,26302693,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jazzmand27,"Alright so here's the thing. This game is good. The combat is significantly improved from the first game, but it is still shallow. The writing is better at times, at other times not so much. If you are a fan of Dragonball, buy this game. If you aren't a fan of Dragonball and ended up here for any other reason, this is probably not the game for you. All that being said, I can't stop playing this game. There is so much to do, and so much replay value in terms of the different races, I expect that I will be playing this for a while.10 dead Yamcha's/10"
,Recommended,454650,26303349,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Domox,"If you're a fan of DBZ you'll enjoy this title. However, be forewarned. The UX design (menus, etc.) is horrible. You will spend the majority of of the game closing confirmation boxes and waiting for loading screens because they don't make retrying things easy."
,Recommended,454650,26303919,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,WrathRox,Never played the first dbz game but this one has been alright so far. Other then the lack of players in the social lists. But overall its a pretty fun game and at first I was like meh not going to buy this but figured I'd give it a chance and with the steam refund if you play longer than 2 hrs then I'm sure you'll enjoy the game and have fun. But if you don't then stop near the 2 hrs and you can get a refund back.You didn't really need to pre-order to get the flyable stick since the game gives you a basic vehicle to drive around in social since you can't fly.
,Recommended,454650,26304197,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Prime Minister J.Liang,Really fun
,Recommended,454650,26304259,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Banejryan,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is a great game. I love every aspect of it. They have really made the fighting x10 compared to Xenoverse 1. There is so much to do in this game. If you thought it would be just like the first one, you thought wrong."
,Recommended,454650,26420964,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,✪ PaPita,"i'll rate it Ssj3/SsjB...Soo ARGHHH, much DIEEE.still in some parts of the game cpu is OP.I mean in stamina. it shows none but then you get the blow***OHH and i'm totally forgot!!!***STILLL...Guru's house is under attack!!!! GGWP"
,Recommended,454650,27566267,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,Good Game. Much better gameplay wise compaired to the first one. Online play is still a little sketchy though.
,Recommended,454650,27397537,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Larfin_Man,"Loved the first game, put some hours into it and completed all parallel quests. Before I knew it I had more houes in this and I barely even touched the side stuff.Better in every way, just plain fun. Plenty to make you want to keep playing."
76561198133560774,Recommended,454650,27220138,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ツ EnglishFox56,"Really fun to play, especially with friends."
76561198085935041,Recommended,454650,27444267,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gotato,"Im a simple man, I see dragon ball I press like"
76561198058913763,Recommended,454650,27300585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Divine Knight,Awesome game loads of fun
,Recommended,454650,27317666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oliver Peachtree,This is what Xenoverse should have been.
,Recommended,454650,27317767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tsurayaka | 面夜間,Very good game compared to the 1st Xenoverse. New gameplay features in that game are the best thing in that game for me.I recommend it ^^
,Recommended,454650,27317898,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Makofax,Amazing game but they should fix the bugs before they announce more raids and challenges :\
76561198211415440,Recommended,454650,27433930,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sKyBlazer08,The best dragon ball game i have ever played though it could have been better it is still a great game. GURU'S HOUSE IS UNDER ATTACK!!!
76561198005801906,Recommended,454650,27443621,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Negritis,They tweaked the mistakes from the first one.The mount system is flawed but you dont have to bother with it.So if you loved DB XV then you will love this even more!
76561198047314442,Recommended,454650,27590055,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,behamatu,Good game.
,Recommended,454650,27582630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Gringo,"After putting close to 40 hours I can say this is definitely Xenoverse 1.5.  It's a fun title and I'm still not disappointed that I paid full price for it.  However it definitely has that samey feel but the combat thankfull is improved.  Better roster, but still lacking key players.  Why add all the villians but Garlic Jr. or Dr.Wheelo?  All that aside I'd say if you're a huge fan of DBZ and enjoy light rpg mechanics then pick it up.  That being said the main story roughly is only around 25 hours.  I did a lot of side content and PQs so my playthrough took a bit longer."
,Recommended,454650,27597361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BitHalo,"Dragonball Xenoverse 2 is definitely not perfect, but it expands the game series in a fantastic direction. The combat, city, side quests, and team missions have all been updated and are far lessy buggy then they were at launch and moves have been adjusted to feel very even. Your always able to do something and it'll take a decent amount of time to Unlock the secret ending ( collect al time eggs by doing side quests ) and crafting the perfect fighter will take even more time.I'm a little worried about the lackluster DLC , but only time will tell with that, as far as I saw some of the content updates coming are free so we'll see. Is it a buy ? Maybe not if you're into more serious fighting games, but if you like Dragonball this is simple a no brainer all the way through."
,Recommended,454650,27592942,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,That Parker Guy,"I would have to say that this game is better than the first. Though i would reccommend getting this instead of it's predecessor as they're both nearly the same game story, parallel quests and mechanic's wise. This game although fixes what needed to be fixed from the first game and includes a variety of things to do as well as polishing up on the character customization.Though refrain from tabbing out as whatever you do can affect what you do in-game so there isn't any pausing. ESPECIALLY on the character customization menu. And as another tip to have the game as colorful as it looks in the trailer, put the brightness all the way up as to not have that 'grey' filter over the game."
,Recommended,454650,27590608,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BigPapi,An improvement on Xenoverse 1 still lacking in the long term value but worth it nonetheless
,Recommended,454650,27604557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fdhzs2010,childhood!
76561198144202494,Recommended,454650,27563627,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xXCrowRushXx,"I give this game a 8/10. I've encountered a few bugs with both the expert missions & the challenge quests, while achievement hunting.Buzzkill."
76561198168447825,Recommended,454650,26526113,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,tamarlence,"Since the 1.03 update, all of my below game glitches seem to be fixed for me.- Dragon Balls are constantly glitched in the terrain. Making them impossible to get to- You and the NPC will constantly glitch through the ground, resulting in reseting the level over and over.- Your character shudders while flying.- Hit box on characters is off. Even if a character is standing still you can miss them completely- Costume items like capes and wigs spasum rapidly as if being blown by a tornado.- Game randomly stops responding and crashes.- Special effects like kamahamaha and other attacks do not go away in cutscenes.The game has become alot more enjoyable to play and far less broken. The only issue with it so far now is that the game runs in slow motion. For every 15 seconds in real time, 10 seconds pass on the game clock."
,Recommended,454650,27574960,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,8_Bit_Mike,"What can I say.....it more of the same from the first, but with more characters and moves. Some of the level designs are taken right out of the first one. If you liked the first one, then you will love the second one. If you don't own either, then I recommend the second one. It's worth the money even at full price."
,Recommended,454650,26920923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Lionheart,Pros:-You can go Super Saiyan 3.-You can have Vegeta and Broly as your Instructors.-Unlocking items isn't as annoying as XV1Cons:-No Super Saiyan 3 Vegeta or Broly-Your hair doesn't have it's own custom Super Saiyan effect when you go to 11 except for when you go SSJ 3-Female Saiyan melee attacks feel too similar to how they did in XV1. Male melee attacks feel far more ramped up.
,Recommended,454650,26922047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Badabing,"Xenoverse 2 is a very fun game with many remarkable fighting mechanics.  My favorite thing about it are the various ways you can fight, which is either up close, from afar, or a mixture of both!  I love how fast the fighting in this game is while maintaining it's instensity.  I just wish I had more time to play it!"
,Recommended,454650,26929766,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,⎝⧹⋞LͫOͤRͫDͤ⋟⧸⎠,"It's a fun game. Make no mistake, it isn't really that good of a game on many levels, but the patches will fix some of that. But it is a fun game to goof around in as well as be competitive with friends or randoms online. Probably should get a 7 or 7.5, but for me as a guilty pleasure it's easily a 9. Also Super Vegeta (the transformation) is OP as hell."
76561198033073773,Recommended,454650,26920405,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malic Nanda,"They could have done a bit better on the story part, felt more like a repeat to the first one, but the fighting felt much more fluid with all the new abilities."
,Recommended,454650,26918670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Super Saiyan,At least a good Dragon Ball game made for PC and with CaC! Keep it going and build up more!
76561198130603583,Recommended,454650,26919539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,stanleyisawesome8,Level 80 cap way too low
,Recommended,454650,26921683,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ecdragonz,"Yes, the game has alot of problems, all will be fixed in time, despite how anoying they can be. To be honest, I am loving the offline portion of this game, my computer is... ok, not the best but it runs at a alright frame rate, Curently level 74, beaten the story and am currently working on paralel quests. So far, from what i hear besides the current steam problems, its an improvement on xenoverse 1. Overall liking it but I would suggest waiting until alot of the bugs are fixed, but when that happens, its a solid game. (And when Goku Black as DLC, I preordered, and he's so far my favorite character >:)"
76561198066661533,Recommended,454650,26977035,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LightningRican,Racist Piccolo has joined your party
,Recommended,454650,26772428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sol Prime,A big improvement to XV1. I enjoy it a lot :)
76561198020065654,Recommended,454650,26774454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soridon,"This Game is basically an updated Version of the first Game, if you just want more awesome DB fun go for it, but if you hated the first win skip this one."
,Recommended,454650,26793815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marroh,"This game is a mixed bag for me. In general I would say it's a very good game, that could have had more love put into it. The translation is shaky at best. There are several cut scences where the voice acting doesn't match the subtitles and sometimes they're not even close. The graphics from cutscenes are signinficantly nicer than in game graphics. The whole in game graphics tend to look fuzzy due to only allowing FXAA. The story was pretty lazy and is missing chapters of DragonBall Super (I assume because they wanna sell DLC) and all of GT (I'm aware it's not canon). The original story borderlines on awful at times, but it is bareable. However, overall the game is very fun. The fighting is fluid and smooth. There is a large cast of characters and maps to play on. This is pretty much everything I want in a DragonBall Z game, I just wish they would have polished it up some more."
,Recommended,454650,26751527,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dryice00,Great game would recommend this game 11/10 would turn super saiyan again
76561198099463581,Recommended,454650,26756186,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Revanche,"This in an extremely fun game. When it works, that is. The bugs are numerous, and frustratng. Most only try one's patience and can be dealt with eventually, but some are very nearly game-breaking. Despite this, the game remains delightful, and I heartily recommend it to any Dragonball fan. The story is relatively fresh, though plenty of ideas have been rehashed from the first game, but this time around there's an expanded roster of characters, and more balanced gameplay (most of the time). The game is as fun as it looks. Just don't get too attached to any progress you're making; one never knows when the next mission-losing/game-crashing/save-corrupting bug might come along."
76561198067927716,Recommended,454650,26975428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pimpchung,the best bingo simulator i have ever played NOW WITH BINGO EMOTES
76561197973993303,Recommended,454650,26999760,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Technomancer,"I am not usually a fighting game kinda guy, but this game is addictive. If you are a fan of DBZ, the xenoverse games are a must. There is a ton of refinement and detail in the control systems, but if you are just playing the main story, or going against AI, button mashing is a somewhat valid strategy."
,Recommended,454650,27000486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,L4MER,Pretty much the first game but there is more content and fighting feels better.
,Recommended,454650,27019603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ragnaroky,You can make a fightan waifu
,Recommended,454650,26256368,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bro Durpp,"So far into the game it is great. The graphics are amazing, more options to customize your characters, and the story is great as well. The only nag I have for this game so far is that you can't fly in the hub world at the beggining, until you get your flying liscence ( which I have yet to do). Besides that though great game if you are a dragon ball fan, and heck it is still fun even not being a dragon ball fan. Just Great!"
,Recommended,454650,27851714,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,VapeN,man this game is awesome!!!!!
,Recommended,454650,27854873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FritzKies,"I'm a Dragon Ball big fan, so this game fits to me."
,Recommended,454650,26347925,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bromystic,"Amazing game, love it. My friend tried to talk me out of it, but I bought it anyway and I'm so happy."
,Recommended,454650,26347961,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,J.A.L.S,"How many Namekians does it take to change a lightbulb? One to change it, and the rest to die! And then the other one dies too..........."
,Recommended,454650,26352882,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TheNikoHero,"Very good experince.  It's not that much different from the first one. It's more like 1.5, but it's very good, a okay 8/10.I would though recommend buying this game later on, since theres gonna be around 3 dlc packs later on, and then you'll have way more content to play with, since you can just grind up to max level during a 'nothing to do'-weekend."
,Recommended,454650,26349446,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dio,"The first day was off to a rocky start but things are good now and are only gonna get better from here.I enjoy playing this game and I have fun every minute of it.This game is awesome, definitely pick it up if you love DB and/or fighting games...Brb, Guru's house is under attack."
76561198060297484,Recommended,454650,26349744,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,eover163,Awesome blows the first right out of the water. The only complaint so far is the repeating find the dragonball quests at gurus house over and over. I feel like that was kind of lazy and they could have been a little more creative with that. 9/10 tho
76561197997865202,Recommended,454650,26313327,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,demonrlder,"*All opinions are based on SINGLE PLAYER ONLY. I am not a multiplayer guy, and I bought this game as a singleplayer fighter/RPG, and am reviewing it as such.If you played Xenoverse; this is pretty much a remake of the game (to the point of reusing some models, maps and audio) that has such extensive gameplay improvements it's legitimately worth being called a full sequel.It literally hits my top 3 complains about Xenoverse.1. The pointlessly extensive grinding for skills that you kind of need to win/storyplay properly (Super Saiyan/Super Vegeta taking dozens of plays through the same mission???)2. The pointless grinding before you can learn (mostly worthless) skills from your instructor.3. The incredibly jarring zoning every 200ft in Toki Toki city.Combat feels more robust, but I'm not into modern fighters that I can compare it to the rest of the genre properly.Graphics are nice, runs smooth on my moderate gaming rig, short load times.All races have a transformation (which are a whole skill type now, and are sustainable for entire fights and actually have much more balanced additions; in Xenoverse SSJ was vastly overpowered but lead to spamming of Ultimates; I particularly like that it changes how your melee attacks behave when you're in SSJ in the new one)Now, for the more objective elements. If you like Dragonball, and you've seen all the movies and you love all the goofy junk from the old DBZ movies; this is your game. It's basically the first game's plot but they added in the Alternate Timeline villains from the movies.As much as something like this is going to, the plot actually makes some sense, and works.I feel like the main quest was a little easy (I've only beaten one playthrough on SSJ Male, so it might just be that they are balanced stronger than the other races/genders, since they're almost certainly going to be the most popular for storymode) which was nice in that I didn't have to stop and grind out 10 or 20 parallel quests before doing some more of the main quest; generally training with teachers got me there and didn't FEEL like real grinding. But it does leave you without a bit of a feeling of accomplishment, and (as is typical) the story calls for someone to come rescue you from a fight, when you're completely dominating the fight to the point where if they didn't have plot armor keeping their health up, you'd beat them.And this was on a character specc'd 55% basic attack, the rest Ki and Stamina.If you loved Xenoverse, you're going to be amazed. If you liked Xenoverse, you're in for a treat. If you hated Xenoverse... I don't know why you're here.And if you've never played Xenoverse, but you like Dragonball and have $50 to spare, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,454650,26313569,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,-YoYz-,I just want to say thank you for this... This is the Best Dragon Ball Game in PC..I love the story mode and the Parallel Quests
76561198036901724,Recommended,454650,26329510,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Nepu~,Well there's no more super armor so that's great. Full melee builds now dominate Ki based ones which is nice.  Easily much better then the first.
,Recommended,454650,26329567,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sarnus,"Ignoring Bandi's scummy policy change in this review.The game itself was fantastic, the combat is improved on from Xenoverse 1 and I had a lot of fun with it. There's a lot more balance than there was in the first game and things like being able to stay in Super Saiyan and it not drain your Ki is great.My only complaint would be I feel like the story could have been longer but there's also tons of Parallel quests to do still after beating the game as well as Time Rifts, Instructors, and a lot more.Overall worth the money, I had a lot of fun playing it!"
76561198119676476,Recommended,454650,26327381,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ThinkDifferentMan,Maniga. Just Maniga.
,Recommended,454650,26331893,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Train,Best dbz game hands down! only real complaint I have is I can't find any online matches. I'm from the philippines btw. although I can see a lot of people in conton city. Really hope this problem gets addressed soon.
,Recommended,454650,26332763,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,talore008,Pretty decent game only gripes I got is some clipping on one of the armor chest pieces.   The game is pretty solid  the fighting feels good and the new city is awesome.
76561198094652441,Recommended,454650,26327775,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Emerald gamer,I a parellel quest where yamcha was stronger.beat yamcha on my first try.10/10 best game
,Recommended,454650,27349460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BAD DRAGON,This game is amaizing people who whine aboutbugs ignroe them there dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥♥always happens on meny games upon a realese thats why theres updates.
76561198081368140,Recommended,454650,27032667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sourcey,Well this game is fun in my opinion but the multiplayer option needs some tweaking then it should be fine and they also need a little more character customization. The forms for frieza would be a nice thing to add for forms.My Rating: 7/10UPDATE: This game is now going to be a 6/10 for the crashes I keep having when selecting a quest to do.
,Recommended,454650,27355608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Charizardxyz101,a
,Recommended,454650,27362684,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eredin Bréacc Glas,If u like dragon ball this game is gonna be AWESOME for you!
,Recommended,454650,27361587,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LukeIzBoredz,I love this game and I love the idea of fixing the timelines as well as being part of the Dragonball Universe I recomend this game to those who love the franchise however theres this huge bug im getting where the fights and running around are really slow due to the recent update soo hopefully they fix that otherwise it's a fun game all in all :D
76561198012115919,Recommended,454650,27352007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ScratchCo,''DAAAAAAAAADDDY...!!!''
,Recommended,454650,27239654,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Player 2,This is truly an amazing game.
,Recommended,454650,27351365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,somebootycheeks,one of the best anime games along with naruto :p
76561198071442854,Recommended,454650,27351385,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MiniKid(⌐■_■),There are people that play this game till they finish the story and then quit and might come back if there is coming a dlc out.And there are people like me that have 6 characters all lvl 80you totally can't tell that I like this game.
76561198066581110,Recommended,454650,27306262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xAL-MESHx farmskins.com,Good game ...  But bad servers
76561197968244003,Recommended,454650,27743596,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BennyC5488,"Xenovers 2 is a good game that any fan of DBZ will enjoy. There are a lot of quality of life improvements that make the expirence more enjoyable. There are more characters, clothing items, super/ultimate atacks etc. Overall a good improvent over the first game. I am looking forward to see what they do next."
76561198025318338,Recommended,454650,27738149,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Master EVOPK,So Toei and Funimation Hired a bunch of DBZ OCs To fix all the bad Fanfict writers and in the process they made the same game...Better but same.
,Recommended,454650,27697700,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flame,"If you've played the previous Xenoverse, this is a really good upgrade.+A whole new experience for DBZ games+Better Graphics+More characters+New storyline+All new hub and interactions with players+So much more activites than the previous game+ and much much more.. !- Repetitive after some period of time- Terrible lobbies in regards for matchmaking- RNG for items."
76561198070814002,Recommended,454650,27703584,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Grape-San,Its Pretty Good
,Recommended,454650,27721731,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yee,Need to get the last task so yea this is a fun game ...
,Recommended,454650,27847484,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Damb,Best Dragonball Game so far
76561198025676135,Recommended,454650,27880276,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jacques-off[VoD],"There should be a best bad / fanfiction game award here. Imprisise, unbalanced mechanics, and no Theme song, but still way more fun then it shold be."
,Recommended,454650,27728494,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jawi,"A good upgrade from the first version of the game.Combat has been improved in general and the RNG nature of the previous game is less prominent here.Certain super/ultimate moves are harder to excecute/hit properly in comparision with the previous game due to the inclusion of the stamina break feature.But the game has a good learning curve and plenty of ingame tutorials/instructions to help a beginner or returning XV1 player.This is also a game where you need to play it with a controler for a more fluent experience.I do feel that there is 'less' content in comparision with the first game (less missions in story campaign). And some noticable speech/text differences (battle quotes from characters  line has not been translated right in text format).But the extra content and 'side missions'  in this versions do make it for it in the end.If you are fan of the DBZ series, then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,454650,27757799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪ mugi2k,SUPPPPERRR
76561198061515472,Recommended,454650,27754924,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Koosh420,Really fun whether you are a DBZ fan or not!
76561198014507840,Recommended,454650,27889154,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Smacks,very fun great to be a super sayian 3 beating people to a pulp ^_^
76561198129282222,Recommended,454650,27901809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cuck Lord Supreme,Best DBZ game I've ever played. This game really wants you to become invested into the universe with your own character.
76561198150466122,Recommended,454650,27903056,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nokokon97,Over 9000
76561198038220515,Recommended,454650,27895801,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Roshambo,"Sometimes a little buggy, and I feel like I'm the only one who likes the PvE aspect of this game, despite the strange skill grinding that have hidden requirements. PvP isn't my thing in this game, but I do know that it's incredibly good, even if the latency is always a bit too noticeably off.P.S. I went straight for every single achievement, like in the first game, and I love doing it, frustrating when I can't accomplish it, but I did it again."
,Recommended,454650,27912242,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Meatpopsycle,goood ♥♥♥♥♥ttttttttttttttttt
,Recommended,454650,27921601,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeformedProdigy,"Definitely better than the first one.Enhanced Visuals, gameplay, Netcode, and servers.Only downside is theres more grind, and the new character system."
76561198338306576,Recommended,454650,27343091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lightrom20,"""Great"" Thats all what I jave to say."
76561198109344220,Recommended,454650,28477139,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Phanuz,Best DB game ever :)
76561198016349835,Recommended,454650,28491095,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,solventneo,My only complain is the cheap computer opponents  that are damage sponge at the end game PG's  and the computer allies are that are worthless. Other then that awesome game!
,Recommended,454650,26990391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bright Helix,THE BIG GETE STAR ENABLED ME TO CHEAT DEATH! HOW COULD THIS BE?
,Recommended,454650,26989722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nova,Best  Expension Pack Ever... Wait what?!?!
,Recommended,454650,26972909,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ch3apsh0t,"Better than the first one, just buy it!"
,Recommended,454650,26974332,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saiyaga,Great game with a few twists. Character customization is fun and some free DLC doesn't hurt either!
,Recommended,454650,26978565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Expired Meme,A very fun game :)
,Recommended,454650,26980884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZEvilChickenZ,"If you've played Xenoverse 1, it's basically the same game but with improvements. Aside from some bugs and online lag, my biggest issue is the 60 fps cap in online play which really sucks if you have a 144hz monitor.If you're at least a casual Dragon Ball fan and like a fighting game/RPG mix, then you'll probably enjoy this game."
76561198044562101,Recommended,454650,26985616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nereus,Better then Xenoverse 1
,Recommended,454650,26983756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Avelon,ALMOST AS GOOD AS THE FIRST ONE......wait......AS GOOD. Totally worth the pre-purchase.
,Recommended,454650,27007107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,brunoromes,"Better than the first one in every aspect. Still has room for improvement, but it is a fun game nevertheless."
76561198078379136,Recommended,454650,26976005,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VegitoSSj,this game improved so much from the previews one its amazing
,Recommended,454650,26941075,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadow,"I have a few complaints about this game, then again who doesn't. This game has TONS of bug in it, certian missions crash the game, playing the game for more than two hours and it crashes. I even had my brothers make characters in my profile to let them play it, they have about the same issues I do. If the game didn't have this short of a deadline mabey it would've been better and more stable. Don't get me wrong I love the game, but when it crashes in the middle of a mission that is hard as hell, I regret buying this game. the community around this game, includind myself, would love to play this game if it wasn't so damn buggy. I wish bondai would stop pushing their games to fill a deadline. You rush anything and this is what you get."
76561198063099460,Recommended,454650,26962490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vemberance,"Amazing game it exceeds the original by far. Starters you can fly in main city,extra daily quests with benifits on what race you choose."
76561198082106712,Recommended,454650,27022947,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jesse Pinkman,Thumbs up for Dragon Ball Fans!
76561198203439794,Recommended,454650,27176969,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Satan,Amazing game
76561198031500102,Recommended,454650,27181274,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eekabott,Game that Dragonball's fan must play.if your don't play it yet? buy it now
,Recommended,454650,27174365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Surykatek,It's like playing the first one but better. Still a solid game.
76561198009876988,Recommended,454650,27191156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Homunculus In A Flask,DBX2 is every fans dream
,Recommended,454650,27053263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kame,"Anime fans must get this game, no doubt about it. Love everything in it, just music in hub is lame..."
76561198057233213,Recommended,454650,27052288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bamboozled Bespeckled Cephlapod,This game is amazing. They made the fights feel more fast paced. They added even more characters (Not Dragon Ball Tenkachi Budokai 3 roster size but more characters). They balanced the game so that it is much more even no matter what race you pick and they even added in transformations for everyone. YOU GET A TRANSFORMATION YOU GET A TRANSFORMATION YOU ALL GET A TRANSFORMATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,454650,27052968,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BOT Reed,"I didn't play the first game, but this game has blown me away. If you're a good modern DBZ fighting game, this is it. At the time of this review there are various bugs and other problems, but I would have to say the positives vastly outweigh the negatives. People negatively review this game because:1) ""It is rather similar to the 1st."" If it bothers you that its more of a Xenoverse 1.5 than a completely new sequel, you're entitled to your opinion. I find the game fun because it's my first of this series, and it all seems new to me. I don't know what my stance would be if I were a returning player. I know people who played the first game, from what they tell me mechanics have improved (implementation of stamina system, QQ Bang system).2) ""There's so many bugs and the port is garbage."" Look, at this point, there are going to be problems. There are bugs and glitches that can be a downer, especially in Expert Missions. But, from my experience they aren't as abundant as they sound. Maybe I'm just lucky, but I've run into few random crashes and other bugs. Hopefully with time they will get fixes and this won't be an issue.3) ""Online is terrible."" This point I will concede. Right now online servers are glitchy, and there is no anti-cheat (because people like to mod). I've run into people using modded unplayable characters like the Great Apes, but they have been fun matches, usually 1 sided in my favor. I've yet to encounter a ""real"" cheater, but supposedly it wouldn't be too difficult.If you can look past the shortcomings of the bugs and online, and you don't feel burnt out with the idea of Xenoverse itself or you are a first time player, I highly recommend this game. There's plenty to do, and many playstyle options open to you. I've played through most of the content in the game at this point, and I have found only 1 or 2 missions to be tedious and unenjoyable."
76561198056863531,Recommended,454650,27011285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,N4V3H3114,"This game is very good, don't get me wrong, but It doesn't improve upon what the first game did enough. The combos are nice, although they seem a bit longer than they were in the first game. A good change was that you can combo a super attack at the end of a melee combo string for an epic finish like in DBZBT3. Currently there's some bugs with expert missions, and even regular story missions, but those should be fixed soon... I hope."
76561198012577188,Recommended,454650,27033283,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hampe,Great game that goes through the story of Dragon Ball Z
,Recommended,454650,27041612,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,decomposedsack,cool game
76561198034213191,Recommended,454650,27028421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|R.Â.G.Ê|Fryzar,"This is a great game with a lot of new features and changes. the way it has been developed vs the first one there is a great deal of improvement and one of them is being able to go super saiyan, super saiyan 2 and super saiyan 3 in battle with is for me awesome"
76561198012154078,Recommended,454650,26956206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dronbo Malx,"Solid game, almost identical to the first however. Some of the 6 man missions can be frustrating due to invisible walls."
,Recommended,454650,26965815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ansem,So much better than the first one and you can even go ssj3. The only thing I wish they had put in here was SSGSS for your custom character. other than that IT IS AMAZING.
,Recommended,454650,26764781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swagbito,"Great game, fun to play with friends, just avoid fighting other people because the people who cheat/hack rule the game."
76561198084287223,Recommended,454650,26726365,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,benjiprice92,"You like DB, DBZ, DBGT, DBS!!! Get it!"
,Recommended,454650,26789170,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Heisenberg,"If you liked Xenoverse 1, then this is the game for you. Everything that needed to be fixed and added to the main game is present in Xenoverse 2. However, if you did not like Xenoverse 1, I suggest watching some Let's plays first to see if you want to give this one a try. Personally, I liked Xenoverse 1 a lot and enjoyed myself much more playing through this one."
,Recommended,454650,26827047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ace of Diamonds,"It fixes a lot of the problems of the first game, but a few still remain, like the RNG for the moves/costumes.All in all, though, a marked improvement and still a very enjoyable game whether taken as a sequel or its own thing. Probably the best choice for anyone who's ever wanted a decent CAC for Dragonball."
,Recommended,454650,26820034,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T00K MY TWIX BY F0RCE,Makes no sense just like the show. 10/10
76561198202511156,Recommended,454650,26738958,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,MegaMan Fan,Truely a massive improvement over the original. It has corrected all the problems that I had with Xenoverse.
,Recommended,454650,26730940,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bread Hitler,"I love this game, and I will continue to binge the everloving crap out of it, but don't buy it now. There are a slew of bugs to be found within the game. Just wait a few months, until the next patches arrive."
,Recommended,454650,26949211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carpe Diem,This game is pure fan-base.Good to see all race have their transformations although some of them sucks as hell.Super Saiyan 3 is always good to see in a 3D amine game.
,Recommended,454650,26515002,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mystre,"Note: I have only played as a Saiyan Male and no other races.This is a step in the right direction from Xenoverse 1.However, is it worth the full price for what is mostly a copy paste game?Slightly adjustments to the fighting, a lot more variations in combos etc across all characters.Limitednumber of ""Instructors"" (People you learn skills from) which is a big negative in my book since there is a significant roster (Who the f*ck wants to train with PAN?).Expert missions are bugged quite badly, all Great Ape missions have a good chance of the boss jumping out the map during their super attack. The normal sized bosses bug out a lot less frequently, they too fall/jump out the map during their super attacks.The multiplayer is a bit of a problem, I can't play with people in my own country because either one of us will lag out so hard that a 2 minute PQ will take 8 minutes while the person lagging has to get the packets that a enemy died half an hour ago. No idea why, this was not a problem in Xenoverse 1.Side missions are a bit boring, 5 sections to clear:Buu - Feed Buu food, pretty boring stuff. after maxing out his bar, he spawns a ""Family member"" that will go fetch you thing (Items, clothing etc) if you feed them. No battles at all.Capsule Corp - Probably one of the better side quest areas, you get to fight vegeta and get Super Saiyan from him. Only a few battles however.Frieza's Ship - The best side mission of the lot, you can join frieza's army and then decide to join Cooler or stick with Frieza, quite a few fights which is pretty cool.Hercule's House - You can join the Great Saiyaman Squad and do battles, Hercule gives you objectives; do 10 quests, perform ## combo etc. A bit mundane, but better than Buu.Planet Namek - I can't decide if this is the worst area or not, feeding Buu and completing Hercule's objectives are boring as sh*t. But the only thing to do at Guru's house is collect Dragonball Missions. Do enough and Guru lets you in and unlocks your potential, allowing you to allocate an extra 25 points to any stat. You have to do more missions after that to unlock extra wishes from the dragonballs.Note: You need to 100% all of these areas in order to get additional story line content.I feel that they could always start at the very beginning of the series with Dragonball, I don't know why they don't. But it would add so much more content to the game. From DB to GT even if its not canon, but who doesn't love a SSJ4?They've added 3 Movie heroes, Cooler, Turles and Lord Slug. I don't know if they plan on releasing the rest of the movies as DLC or not, but there is so much content in X2 as well as missing from it.To answer my question, is itworththe full price for anupgrade? No. Its not. Get it when its on special. Thats what I plan on doing with the DLC. Its an awesome game, but so much content is missing that I can't justify the price since most of the PQ's are quite literally recycled from X1."
76561198111710184,Recommended,454650,26515250,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Roasty,alot better than dbx but at the moment i have a feeling unless u live in urope asia or the us tryng to find players is like trying to find players is probably more painful than jamming a bread and butter knife up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198094056967,Recommended,454650,26946149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chameleon Claw,Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is a great game! It has a lot of action and is very addicting. Also a very fun coop game with or against friends. So get it for yourself if you are a Dragon Ball fan or if you like fighting games this game is for you.
,Recommended,454650,26950950,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jobo,Great Game!!
76561198032085795,Recommended,454650,26936030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IronFoxe,This game is extremely fun. That being said do not expect this game to be bug free.The bugs can be very annoying but I would recommend this game to any DB fans.
76561198035538364,Recommended,454650,26695387,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,r0ckfan,"quick warning i imported my main xenoverse character with end to late game moves and clothes.unlike the first game the main story is shorter  and can be finished very quickly and leviling is far to easy also each character you make has to finish the story themselfs but still shares a inventory with your first character.the good points to this game are the 100 side quests, the extra trainers who now have set locations and wont spawn at random, raid portals which are like events, a brand new store where extra items can be picked that are not in the main stores.the bad points are most the side quests are just copy paste jobs of the last games with slight to little changes, some of the main story missions are rehashes of the last game with slight changes also but some changes are worthless and others are nicely done, the locations of trainers are abit annoying to get to and for early game some are not even accessable.in short if you liked the last game get this just to see where the story is going but if you didnt get the last game just ignore this as the game will only be worth playing with one character only"
,Recommended,454650,26696532,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,RhythmO aka Faggot-Kun,Dragon Ball - Guru's house is under attack 2
76561198246202226,Recommended,454650,26652667,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pymkenol,I loved the first game so i got this one after playing the first one on my 360 and have come to find this one to be a lot better with easier play mechanics
,Recommended,454650,26341309,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FlopY,"Much better than XV1.Better combat,graphics and much more stuff to do.Definitely recommend!"
76561198262396252,Recommended,454650,26341396,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mr AM,hopfully the bugs in the epert missions are fixed by november. 6 hours have been spent doing the expert missions and because of the bugs and how many there are that you NEED TO DO controllers will be broken and people will go insane over the song that goes on for half of the game in conton city making you go check out the time rifts. also it is somtimes unclear on how you are suppost to do a story quest mission
,Recommended,454650,26341403,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GigaPaul,"It has its problems, sure, but if you enjoyed the first one you will love this! :3"
,Recommended,454650,26352298,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ansem0916,"Worth the buy, a ton of fun and things to do!! I've only had a few game breaking bugs in 20 hours of play and the problems will be patched out I hope"
76561198000975675,Recommended,454650,26332281,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kite,"A huge improvement over the first game in the series.Fights feel more fluid and there are lots of new combos available.The Ki Super/Ultimate spam isn't as broken anymore as the AI is more reactive and dodges more often.Lots of new moves with varying and distinguishable strength available and many side quests to discover in the city.Overall a great experience, only downside is that you have to suffer through the story on every new character you create."
76561198084048357,Recommended,454650,26257601,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cloudier Cloud,I pre-ordered the game but i didnt get goku black... false advertising??
76561198138659098,Recommended,454650,26257603,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kevino525,its a good game but it keeps crashing once i get to the menu i cant even do anything
76561198029153104,Recommended,454650,26257617,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Khinzaw,"Runs great, plays great, exactly what I expected. I have had zero problems performence wise."
,Recommended,454650,26280696,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Void Drakaza,If you played the first one this game improves on it greatlyso far for me it runs smooth iv seen only 1 ki effect get glitched during a ingame cutscene but that all iv seen so farthe only con is that if you have play the first one most of hte mission are re used but with a new twist to emeven then it still enjoyable
,Recommended,454650,26280790,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rakvorauth,.
,Recommended,454650,26281199,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Spookthos,"I am going to be choosing to ignore the recent anger over how long bamco chooses to support this game mostly because I anticipate this game will only have dlc and that's it.it's still a massive improvement over the previous one, and launch wasn't a total disaster like the first one was. Everything has been improved upon, but there is one thing I really really don't like and that is if you start a new character you start over with everything on that specific character. It's really obnoxious to say the least. I have a few other complaints like how you get NOTHING for completing the game but the ability to change the music, which I don't care for because I generally have the music off so I can quickly put on some music of my choice if I feel the need.The races *except namekians and humans* get their own transformations, but from what I've seen with super saiyan 3, you don't drain ki at all. Which is kind of op for story but that's just me.I've had almost no interaction with people besides the ocasional random I let in when doing pqs with a friend and the people in the chat that ask to quest with someone and I reply with ""no"" just because I'm mean.I can only hope that Xenoverse 3 takes the good things from 1 and 2 and puts them together because Xenoverse 2 has some really good things about it, but it took some of the really good things from the first game out. Like how I cant just make a new character and have access to everything I want access to.But I'm still really enjoying it, and I plan on putting more time into it as I go on."
76561198215375619,Recommended,454650,26269892,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Smurfs,Okay so I NEED HELP! D: So I have played the original Xenoverse alot and I always ran that smoothily no lag at all!So now I just finally got xenoverse 2 and as soon as I get on to I seem to have quite a lot of lag I then make my character and I spawn in to the lobby.. I felt like crying xd my lag was unreal af! I couldn't believe my lag :( I turned all the settings down to lowest and I still got the exact same lag.. I can easily run most games 60 fps medium settings and xenoverse highest settings 60 fps . Anyone got any ideas what the problem could be?Here are my specs:Processor: AMD Athlon X4 860K Quad Core Processor (3.70GHz)RAM: 8.00 GB64 BITGraphics Card: MSI GeForce GTX 960 GAMING 2G Graphics Card - 2 GB
,Not Recommended,454650,26272625,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tal'Set,Crashes during fights make the game unplayable.
76561198149563019,Recommended,454650,26317180,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ZapTheGamer pvpro.com,"Amazing compared to Xenoverse 1 , so polished , so many new character.Should get if ur a Dragon Ball fan"
,Recommended,454650,32801401,Posted: 25 June,all,Lizard,"first day I had it i put in 10 hours straight and the second day i put even more so from my experience I would reccomend it. I even got a refund for the game when i beat it ( i put in a ticket for credit towards deluxe eddition because i bought the wrong version) and I bought it again that shows its a good game if youd buy it if you got your money back for it. cons: can get repetative in late game but thats just a grind to max character, some levels are alot harder than others. other than that a great game definatly an improvement on the previous game.  Definatly recommend"
76561198080928986,Recommended,454650,32769860,Posted: 25 June,all,andrei_b14,"Highly enjoyable, easy to play even with keyboard and mouse"
76561198358456090,Recommended,454650,32869216,Posted: 27 June,all,Blood Moon Monkey Aka,I love this game <3
76561198356784690,Recommended,454650,32794922,Posted: 25 June,all,Sickenddeath,I really liked this game but I think it was way too easy and a bit too short. Not a lot of cons except it's too short and easy.
76561198293607190,Recommended,454650,31770936,Posted: 15 May,all,SHOCKOLIT ELITE,thnx bugs now fixed great!
,Recommended,454650,26408103,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,XX1VFIGHT,pretty fun.
,Recommended,454650,26476698,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,nuffy,"This game sucks.But so did the first one.If they make a sequel, it will be♥♥♥♥♥♥too."
,Recommended,454650,32909871,Posted: 27 June,all,Limit Breaker Goku,Best dragon ball game ever.
76561198026899581,Recommended,454650,32929291,Posted: 28 June,all,The Punisher,Good game 10/10
,Recommended,454650,32924079,Posted: 28 June,all,Matthew Mouse,This is such an upgrade from the first one strongly recomend this game <3 :3
,Recommended,454650,32875127,Posted: 27 June,all,Deer Druid,I have become super sand legendRecommend carrot cake/10
,Recommended,454650,32868694,Posted: 27 June,all,『　　』,DLC 4???  Delayed....
76561198035529489,Recommended,454650,32899215,Posted: 27 June,all,Sgt. Nipples,It's pretty neat
76561198026266993,Recommended,454650,32932557,Posted: 28 June,all,i3eiiai,"I'm just getting started and am already fed up with the fecking crap videos of useless chatting between the characters of db universe.Fix this crap i don't wanna have to go thro 2312 loadings to skip useless videos every time i want to repeat a mission for lvl60 or 80 or whatever, at least make them the least interesting."
76561198212726479,Recommended,454650,32929759,Posted: 28 June,all,drorun,"i loooooooove this awesome game!!!!!!! its waay better then xenoverse 1 and when i say ""waay"" better i mean waaaaaaaaaaaayy better!!! this awesome game is soo fun and the things to do there are just infinte!!!!i love how the game works, the graphics are great, the story is awesome and all other things because there is so so much to do as i mentioned before, the dlc's are soo freaking fun and great, the music is soo damn cool, conton city is huge, its a very good simulator of the fightning from dragon ball and if you like dragon ball....you have to buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,454650,32833998,Posted: 26 June,all,YungIan,Best Anime Gamer Ever
76561197990008746,Recommended,454650,32655297,Posted: 22 June,all,😎Andy_Wick😎,One of th  better dragonball z games. I wish we could do power struggles and it would be Awesome
76561198151578459,Recommended,454650,32179312,Posted: 4 June,all,Loli Slayer,"Hey boss, this is a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good game. I love me some Dragon Ball Z. In this game you can make a super badass character, or some ♥♥♥♥ed up piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and definitely kick♥♥♥♥♥ Fantasizing about being in the story is very common. I had a dream where I was married to Towa."
76561198077831414,Recommended,454650,32647296,Posted: 22 June,all,Jimbo qB^),"uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh good game, if you cheat then you're a ♥♥♥♥♥. Other than that the PvP was really fun and the PvE was nice for me atleast, I'm sure there are plenty things I can say about this game but just get it on sale for what it's worth"
76561197973989567,Recommended,454650,32965065,Posted: 28 June,all,Psywar,Love this game. Tons of fun. It is an awesome fighting game.Story mode is really fun getting to see the timeline get altered and then having to fix it.
76561198151839639,Recommended,454650,32952524,Posted: 28 June,all,ido457,realy fun game i had a lot of good time in to it and its worth it
76561198137923341,Recommended,454650,32966042,Posted: 28 June,all,ultainium,"im loving the game, im so disapointed i hadnt played it till now. my only issue is the game crashes a lot. i have issues with my xb1 recon tech hand controller and the game if for anyreason my controller loses connection the game starts opening and closing constantly, ive sent a bug report but no response.the game also needs more to do on or offline. once youve done the quest a few times the repation gets boring and predictable."
,Recommended,454650,33021715,Posted: 29 June,all,BiscuitFish,"I only played a little of Xenoverse 1, so I wasn't too bothered about the repeated missions.This game is great. The story is strong, there's a diverse range of characters (including recent entries to the franchise) and the combat is fun without being too repetitive.I was a huge fan of the Budokai Tenkaichi line of games, and luckily for me the Xenoverse series carries on the mechanics and feeling of those.I highly recommend this game, especially on sale."
76561198378935633,Recommended,454650,33106945,Posted: 1 July,all,The lost soul (orain),good good
76561198212575613,Recommended,454650,33080761,Posted: 1 July,all,NightOwl,LOVE IT !!!
,Recommended,454650,26363792,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Yureina,"Mmm.... more Dragonball funtimes.Having liked most of what was in Xenoverse, getting its sequel wasn't too difficult for me to ponder. I figured that Xenoverse 2 (XV2) would basically be the first game again, but with more stuff, some gameplay improvements, and perhaps, hopefully, fixing some of the crappier parts.And that, essentially, is what XV2 is: The first game, but better.The combat has some new additions, with new moves/combos you can use, and with the expanded cast comes more abilities to keel people with. The new city hub, Conton City, is quite large and there is alot of side-quest stuff to do. But perhaps most importantly to me, much of the RNG/grindy BS that infected XV1 has been cut away to make for an overall less random and frustrating experience. You don't need to grind ""friendship"" for the masters anymore to learn all of their skills, but rather to get some title thing for when you are online... in other words, completely optional cosmetic stuff. That alone would have been enough for me, but all the other new stuff they have added to the game is pretty neat too.Does it have problems? Yeah. At the moment there's a number of bugs, though hopefully those will get patched up shortly. Some of the new ""challenges"" are really irritating in their difficulty, with them making the obnoxious move to be both tutorials and trials that require unclear precision in order to succeed at. Not all of the new side content is fun. Some of it is repetitive (the Namek side missions), and whoever came up with that Milk thing inspired from waaaaay back in the original Dragonball has a special place in hell waiting for them. But none of these things are ultimately deal-breakers and it's optional content anyway. I guess I can't expect a game to be perfect, but at least the devs did make some real effort to fix the real problems that XV1 had. I'd praise them for that, but... that's kinda what sequels are supposed to do. >_>I still have a decent amount of the game's content to go through, particularly the PQ's which, thankfully, I didn't need to grind myself silly on throughout the game so I would be leveled enough to do the story missions. But I can get to that on my own time, which is how I prefer it. Forcing me to grind in a single-player experience is never something that improves my opinion of a game, and they clearly recognize that the first game was too grindy and random. That they cleaned that crap up is enough for me to say this game is worth it, since XV1 was a good game despite all that. Now we still have the same great gameplay, but with less garbage to detract from the experience. :3So... if you liked XV1, this is essentially that, but better. If that sounds appealing, then this may be worth checking out. :DMrawr."
76561198157302322,Recommended,454650,33054396,Posted: 30 June,all,Twi1ight_bestpony,most of my hours played is waiting btw
76561198037322518,Recommended,454650,32987401,Posted: 29 June,all,Pulsahr,"When I started ton consider playing this game, I thought to myself that an DBZ MMO would be awesome, but I didn't want all the time consuming content that all MMO inevitably have.Well, Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is exactly the solution to my needs.DBXV2 has all the upsides of an MMO without all the downsides.upsides :You have contentyou have storyyou have DBZ fights (considering you like this)you have useless things to do (customizing your appearance among other things)you can sorta ""craft"" (QQ Bangs)You have challenging contentYou have endgame contentBut :you're not constantly broke. Getting money is easy. Reaching 1M can be done easily around lvl 60 in less than 30 minutes. With 2M (probably less) you can buy every technique sold in the shop.You can reach lvl 60 in maybe 20 hours, with very different and enjoyable contents (story, paralell quests, trainers)Farming rare techniques has its difficulty, but the drop rate is very acceptable (might require to do it 3 to 5 times only)no free chat with annoying smacktalk, you're bound to premade sentences, so are others.I reached 100 hours of playing, wich is far more than what I planned. And I still enjoy the game.Controls are intuitive enough to be able to master the basics in a few minutes.Some fights can be messy sometimes, but I find it kinda fun seeing all theses blasts going in every direction, people flying in many directions trying to reach each others.A very good surprise for me."
76561198150013435,Recommended,454650,33062090,Posted: 30 June,all,Kriss_man,Golden armor. Golden hair and golden skin color... Op combo!
,Recommended,454650,26949220,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Simetra,Did you like Xenoverse 1? It's even better.DId you hate Xenoverse 1? What are you even doing here?
,Recommended,454650,33030149,Posted: 30 June,all,Jesus Kvistus,fun
76561198071817549,Recommended,454650,33034279,Posted: 30 June,all,MrPewPew,Its Dragon Ball Buy It !
76561198291858644,Recommended,454650,33026782,Posted: 30 June,all,▫▫GNIG▫▫,Superb Dragonball GAME!!
76561198242180620,Recommended,454650,33046471,Posted: 30 June,all,Strawhat Ahj,Overall you will love this game if you enjoyed Budokai Tenkaichi or Raging Blast. This game does a great job at delivering the same feel that those games did. I have owned this game twice now and have easily put in over 300 hours inbetween  d making new characters and local battles between my friends and I. Wouldnt recommend if you dont have atleast one friend to play with. Gets boring real fast by yourself.
,Recommended,454650,32483558,Posted: 16 June,all,PaPaDarStorm,This game is literally everything for me at the moment. I bought when it came out and I still love it. It captures what Dragon ball really is and that of course is a good thing. I can definetly recommend this game to all Dragon ball fans.
,Recommended,454650,30249463,Posted: 28 February,all,Kowman,"A great sequal to a fantastic series, but DO NOT get this PC port at the moment. It is better to get this game on console; if you have one. This PC port is filled with bugs, and game breaking problems. The Online feature doesn't even work properly. I really hope this game gets patched, and updated so that it is at least playable in the near future.Edit: With multiple updates, and DLC's they have properly fixed the game. (They're a few bugs, but that is if your hardware isn't up to date. Another post for another time.) I still stand behind what I said in my orginal post. I highly recommend this game to any player that is looking of a dope fighting game, and a great story line."
76561198119578122,Recommended,454650,32622985,Posted: 21 June,all,Jimmy,I love this game great battles new characters and dlcs keep coming out
76561197964472318,Recommended,454650,32641738,Posted: 22 June,all,Smash,"Really fun game. Dragonball rpg with arcade fighting type mechanics. Multiplayer coop is very addictive. PvP seems laggy, as multiplayer is not very well optimized. But PvE is mostly ok. Overall though this game is really addictive, especially for DB series fans. Lots of customization and suprisingly a lot of replayability. If you at all are a fan of the series it's definitely worth getting. Especially with the 50% off deal."
76561198118836256,Recommended,454650,28127090,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Killer Queen,"If you're looking for a nice Dragonball styled beat 'em up game where you get to live your OC fantasy, here you go. Practically every known and most lesser known DBZ techniques are in the game too so you have loads of combinations and builds to try and utilize for your character. Whether you want to blast things into oblivion or just punch people really REALLY hard, you get to decide on your own how you'll go about doing it here, and looking stylish as well as you do it with the heaping amount of clothes you can wear to stay classy.You might get annoyed with some elements, like the tracking or just outright MISSING an enemy. Nothing like a misfired Special Beam Cannon to really boil up your blood in anger. But you can find different ways to use your skills properly so that they actually hit, because the enemy won't stand still for you.Okay, sometimes they do, and its kind of hilarious when the enemy AI just decides to sit there and just eat a Spirit Bomb to the face.You get to choose your favorite Dragonball characters (The ones relevant to plot anyway, sorry Launch.) and either play as them during the Parallel Quests or have them back you up on any mission. Ooh, what's this? A PQ to kill a bunch of Saibamen? Better bring Beerus the Destroyer with me. In fact, I should bring TWO!This game might get a lot of flack, but honestly, its a fun game to try out."
76561198036134879,Recommended,454650,28129224,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MIGHTY EARNST,"This game is super addicting I love it. There is lots to do, and it feels like your in the dbz unizerse. Its a must have if your a dbz fan! The music however is terrible. I feel like the devs are trolling the dbz universe by there choice of music in the game. Escpecially the main hub Conton City music. Its a 30 sec loop of the most annoying carnival music you could imagine. Possibly the worst music in any game ever is the Conton City music. I'm not even exagerating one bit, listen to it on you tube or if you own the game you know what im talking about. There is no way you can enjoy this game and have to listen to that song in the same token. I reccomend turning the music off and playinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVEqvvozG-g&t=8736sin the background and everything will be much better."
76561198290759946,Recommended,454650,28129746,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kaka wurst,"Hi guys, i bought this game and i had everything that was required on the minimum list, but then when i started the game it told me i couldnt start it because i would need a shader model 5.0 graphics card. Please update so that i can use t than k you. Have the game on my playstation tho and it is super fun :)"
,Recommended,454650,28194157,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Tetsuya 徹也,"As a massive fan of the dragonball series, this game is everything I've dreamed of. Any dragonball fan will love this game. This is a big step up from xenoverse 1 graphically and in terms of content."
,Recommended,454650,28232945,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ludical,"I am very biased towards Dragon Ball to begin with, but if I had to say one thing, this highly improves on XV1 especially with the combat system and that's what I get the most out of.Awesome CaC options that are also expanded on from the first game.Story didn't enlighten me nearly as much as XV1, but I can't really say anything bad about it, because Dragon Ball.Hm what else...I don't know, its just a better Xenoverse. I like fighting with my custom character and kicking butt.Things I would change:- Saiyan hair changes with transform- Saiyan tails- A Super Saiyan God transformation for Saiyans (Freiza race gets Golden like wut!?)- More CaC options for Saiyans. There was nearly nothing new added since XV1 for Saiyans.- Not a whole lot of new clothing was added since XV1. There really needs to be MOAR!!- Even more cool stuff to do Conton city (it's already *insanely* better than XV1, but MOAR!!)- TONS AND TONS of spelling and grammatical errors. Like HEAPS of them. Beware!!"
,Recommended,454650,28270644,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"All you need for Dragon Ball fans are in here, specially those who are already played Xenoverse 1, this sequel is definitely brings the hype to second degree of kamehameha, it is fantastic! Storyline is almost the same but with a little bit of twist, graphical speaking it is again almost the same with the first one but with much more details, overall it's an improvement from the first Xenoverse, the world has been expanded to 10x the first, so you can always explore more, tons of side missions and tons of mods as well as you can always find them in the internet, there is limitless possibilty of modding this game to another level, this what keeps me playing it over 100+ hours, multiplayer experience is quite a bit disappointing since they are still using the connectivity from their own server, and no chat box, only preset chat boxes and gestures within game, so yeah not that good but going into raid boss with your friends is always fun!I'm giving this game 8/10!"
76561198063914821,Recommended,454650,28042580,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,El Tigre hellcase.com,Whoop
,Recommended,454650,28107994,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Snakeishere4datass,Guru's house is in danger.
,Recommended,454650,28114570,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gggg336,"I am a offline player because I use mods, so this review is only about the single player aspect of the game. (I used a firewall to block the game from connecting to servers)Before the 1.0.3 patch, the game was a buggy mess, no denying that. The good moves don't hit oppenents under any circumstances (Dragon Fist and X20 Kiaoken Kamehameha to name a few that I used). X20 Kiaoken Kamehameha still doesn't hit on the blast attack though for some reason after the patch.Also, before the patch, expert missions bosses were likely to clip out of the map, especially the big ki blast attack. Right now, sometimes if the boss throws the big ki blast at the invisible wall of the map, the ki blast will go right through and never stop, not allowing me to either stop the blast or target the boss.Well, that is the main gripes I have with the game. It is quite fun to play and playing games are always about having fun, so I quite enjoyed myself.From what I heard on the forums, people are fustrated with the online aspect simiply because the developers aren't doing their damnest to counter cheating. That is none of my concern since I don't go online but if you do, watch out."
,Recommended,454650,28084924,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GrizzlyMagnum,"learning curve, but after that super great game and controls"
,Recommended,454650,28563047,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Moopkins,"Definitely a game for fans of anything Dragon Ball, the cast of returning characters is always nice to see. The combat is simple and satisfying, particularly when you use the custom movesets to mix together so many iconic moves from the series. It also appears that there will be plenty of regular updates to the game, both free and DLC, that should keep the game alive for quite a while.That being said, Xenoverse 2 suffers from a lot of technical shortcomings that hold it back quite a bit. Unstable connections to other players makes it hard to go through many of the Co-op Quests the game offers. The game does have a number of strange UI decisions, such as the rather roundabout process of simply changing the active quest for your team, that ultimately can drag some of the positive aspects down a bit.I have not played much of the original Xenoverse, but from what I have heard Xenoverse 2 is now the more worthwhile purchase. It is worth bearing in mind that this game is mostly fan service for Dragon Ball fans, so those not familiar with the series should buy with caution."
,Recommended,454650,26738871,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Earl skinhub.com CSGOGem.com,"Do I like Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2? Yes, I love DBXV2.  Fun game although, it does have some bugs.-When you fly and talk to an NPC in the lobby, 9/10 times, you will get shot underground and and get out unless you spawn a vehicle.-Raids and Expert Missions that have great apes and giant ki blasts can make it so the enemy spawns outside of the map and or the giant ki blast is outside the map-When playing parallel quests, enemies can get outside the map and the dragonballs can spawn outside the mapMany more.  But still fun when playableWhat I like about DBXV2:All the charaters MUAHAHHAHA - you get hit and gt charsThe new super saiyan transformations - my fav is Super VegetaThe sexy clothing you get from the dragon ball wishessexy clothing in general that you obtainThe golden frieza formcool storyOverall sexy game"
76561198162170078,Recommended,454650,28143956,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,iliakos4748,"very good game much improved compared to the previous. Combat system is very good and reminds the old dragon ball games. I recommend you buy, the only problem is that there are some bugs and I hope they fix ths on next update"
,Recommended,454650,26750944,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Stream Blade,"This game was amazing to play, yet I did notice that after I beat the main story, the game became a glitchfest. Capes freak out, after you do training with some people you can fall under the map(hard to fix if you cannot fly). Plus it gets bad when I get 30 or less frames since the game doesn't want to run properly at that point.EDIT: There is a small party of 3 you can talk to near Perfect Cell where you face them. Once beaten I cannot get out of the Win screen."
76561198103830825,Recommended,454650,28349903,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,sammaster7752,"This is a very good game they have improved from the first game which was also good. they have laid down a very solid foundation to grow from.  This game offers a great challenege and enjoyable game play.there are many games out there that does not look to improve from their foundation however this game offers what most gamer have been asking for a game that builds off the system they enjoy and love there I am recommmending this game.there are many more plusses about this game, infact too many to label in this comment section. there are some minor problems dealing with in lagging in multi player and the adventure map.- Looking how the game has expanded its boarders in stage growth and inaction with the venue it was expected to take more memory for the computer.- The world of DBXV2 is much larger than the DBXV original so lagging is expected depending on computer speed atleast the game handles the lag much better than it did before falling through the map was kind of a bummer.All in all, this game is great; and they make constaint improvements which is another positive feature.Good work Bandi and TOEI animation."
,Not Recommended,454650,26589761,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mostgood,"I have 82 hours thus far on this game. I love this game. This game is a major improvement over Xenoverse 1.Why do I mention these details? Because that is why I do not recommend this game.The issues bombarding this game range from horrible game connections that cause both disconnects and (rarely) crashes. The amount of content that is blocked by bugs is beyond the realm of ""Oh its just some release day bugs"" considering the game has been out for (more or less) 3 weeks at the time of this review. The thing about the game currently is that it is riddeled with bugs with the servers, the expert missions, the cutscenes, and multiple more crippling glitches that hold this game back from being what I would consider an amazing game and a perfect sequal to Xenoverse 1.If I could make you a reccomendation, I would purchase this video game with the knowledge that this game is riddeled with problems.If you want some examples:-Cutscenes have glitches in them such as beams not going away after being fired-[SEE REVISION]-Crashing is frequent as it is unpredictable-Expert missions cannot be completed due to enemies going outside of the map and/or dissappearing altogether-Multiple issues with super attacks working correctly-Character transfer problems ranging from incorrect former character appearance or (in some cases) the character being replaced with a male human with no items to transfer-Day one DLC not working (Supposedly this has been fixed for most people)-Multiplayer servers being comparable to Xenoverse 1 multiplayer servers-And more problems that I feel arent nessecary to get into (chances are you'll find them yourself)This game has potential. Actually, no this game is at the penticle of realized potential when it comes both to the Xenoverse line of games and in Dragon Ball Games in general, however the amount of glitches in this game are far to vast for me to be able to say ""go ahead and buy this game, you will not be dissapointed with any part of it.""**REVISION**-Through some anger-induced atrempts I have found that ""Innocence Cannon"" does work on occasion.-Massive Fixes as of update 1.03 thankfully"
76561198147567528,Recommended,454650,27910835,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FreestylesvsVG,"This game is great but the game has some glitches that arent in the other versions of this game (xbox, and PS4). Also online play is flooded with too many hackers!!!"
,Recommended,454650,33531803,Posted: 14 July,all,Ernest Peiris,"If you're a fan of Dragon Ball, then this game is a must-buy. Being able to play as a Saiyan, Namekian, Buu, Freiza race, and even an Earthling in the Dragon Ball universe is just plain awesome.Character customization is vast, but still simple. Gameplay did not get boring at all, especially with my attacks/moves changing so often because of newer ones I was learning/obtaining through Story Quests, or training with characters. Tons of story quests (that take you through the story of Dragon Ball Z), parallel missions (that are set in specific arcs throughout the story), and quests that are scattered throughout the world of this game give it hours and hours of fun gameplay.The choices you can make in this game is what truly makes it unique. Being able to be Freiza's second-in-command while having Broly be your fighting instructor, or being the Great Saiyaman 3 while having Hercule be your fighting instructor... or both, is what makes this game overall a great experience for Dragon Ball fans. There are many choices, almost too many, and it can be very overwhelming at times. Local and Online Battles are also a blast. Playing missions with a friend is fun too.My overall rating would be an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,454650,26363622,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Snowstorm,"So far I've spent about 30 hours in the game and I just hit level 80 with my first Saiyan. To preface this, when I don't have a lot of hours in a game, it's not because It's bad. It's because I get bored with things very, very, quickly. As with most MMO's and RPG's, I played the entire story mode, dicked around with some friends for a bit and collected my favorite equipment (Moves in this game) And built my character just the way I like it, and usually thats where I'll finally set the game down and move on to something else. That being said, I finished the quest around level 56... and I'm level 80 now, and I don't plan on stopping until I have everything.The game is rather easy if you're good at Dragon Ball Z style fighting games, the budokai tenkaichi is the closest I can compare this too, but it's a BLAST, if you have the time, pick it up.Edit: 2/10/20174 Level 80+ Chracters7 TotalOver 100 Plus moves collected100 hours in, still planning to keep goingLots of dedication to a game that I can't seem to put down, send help please!.... DLC pack 2 adds more story content?Cancel that help....Edit: 7/15/20174 Dlc Packs and 145 hours in, I just picked the game back up after setting it down to reexplore my desire for TF2, I've come back to Dragonball Xenoverse 2 Refreshed and ready to keep playing, only this time, I've been met with quite the delight. The modding for this community is growing and becoming not only extensive in terms of number, but also of type. Originally stuck to just character additions, recent mods have opened up more transformations, more moves and more costume pieces, as well as hair, retextures and even more characters than originally. And with the hint of extended support past the promised 4 DLC packs, the future is looking rather bright for quite an interesting take on the Dragonball Timeline. Frankly, if you're an Anime fan, and a Dragon Ball Z fan at that, you are doing yourself a diservice by not picking this up."
,Recommended,454650,33593229,Posted: 16 July,all,#Plank4President2020,MILES BETTER THAN XV1.The Shrek mod is pretty good as well.
76561198251052858,Recommended,454650,33422966,Posted: 9 July,all,Yyrkoon,"Really love this game. Despite the presence of hackers. Fun MMO. Unique Fighter. Co-op, PVP, and Story all fun."
,Recommended,454650,33609509,Posted: 17 July,all,DaddyReaper~,. . .I Love This Game. . .
,Recommended,454650,33620681,Posted: 17 July,all,Phoenix_boy,Best Game ever 10/10just kidding the gameplay good the story good the game have awesome soundtrackbutthe online sucks if you wasn't live in us
76561198356556377,Recommended,454650,30440766,Posted: 10 March,all,saiyan style!!!_hellcase.com,good
76561198081358277,Recommended,454650,30502613,Posted: 13 March,all,Guts,"They fixed pretty much everything in the game, it went from mixed reviews to positive. They fixed the keyboard input for hobos like me who has no controller. Personally didn't have a problem with connection and the nostalgia you get from saving the past. Recommend this 100x over for dbz fans and fighters. Instense as♥♥♥♥♥♥ wish i bought this a little earlier."
76561198094717802,Recommended,454650,31071794,Posted: 10 April,all,Omega,i liked it better when it was called budokai 3
,Recommended,454650,29257173,Posted: 14 January,all,garbagedarling,"BLAST FROM THE PAST-HAA!! NOSTALGIA BOMB!!!! Do you remember sitting in front of the TV slack-jawed, wide-eyed, and all your nerves lit up from adrenaline from watching shirtless muscled men scream melodramatically for a strobing half-hour? Remember all the times you imagined yourself littered in bruises, blood, and tattered clothes, fighting alongside those heroes in vivid dream catharsis?? Have you ever practiced a kamehameha wave? ARE YOU A TRUE NINETIES KID?!Let me tell you, this game brings it all back.I can't think of a better power fantasy feeding so appropriately and accurately aimed at an intended audience. You play as a customizable character (i.e. CHILD!YOU'S IDEALIZED DRAGON BALL SELF). The customization options aren't exactly endless, but I give kudos to any game with a height/build slider. You also have choice of what race you'd like, and yup each of the races have their own advantageous stats, so choose strategically if you wanna contend seriously in online PvP (which is worth considering if you're an achievement completionist).The controls have somewhat of a learning curve starting out, at least in my experience when playing on PC. There are a LOT of commands, combos, and ins-and-outs to learn, and to be honest, I didn't even bother memorizing them all. Once you gain a rhythm and feel for the controls, you could easily skate by on ""educated"" button-mashing. This only adds another layer of depth to the game, as you're able to develop your own style of fighting when adjusting your skills and gear according to your own individual strengths.On that note, the combat is a LOT of fun, especially once you reach the higher difficulties. It gets tricky and downright frustrating when you're dealing with enemies that won't sit still, to directional issues thanks to the z-axis element, and the TIME when charging certain abilities or commands.But if anything, that only adds to the immersive realness and definitely harks back to the more intense eps of DBZ when you'd find the Z-fighters facing off against an opponent whom they literally couldn't land a decent punch on, save for a few lucky hits. When you find yourself low on HP, low on time, all your allies down, and you're surrounded by multiple enemies, AND YOU SOMEHOW MANAGE TO PULL IT OFF AND WIN via an inexplicable in-the-moment trance of perfectly executed combos and precisely timed charged attacks-- this is where the game really shines, and manages to emulate the intense Dragon Ball Experience of a high-stakes situation.Of course, there's always the option of leveling up your character and maxing your stats so that your character is simply too OP to be taken down, but where's the fun in that?Aside from the fighting, another one of the major selling points I hold utmost appreciation for is the instructor system. Personally, I have a visceral emotional attachment to these characters. So the fact that the instructor system allows you to build a RAPPORT with them? They will come ASSIST YOU if you're IN TROUBLE?? They PRAISE YOU as you grow stronger training under them???Excuse me while the inner child I thought had died with the economy and job prospects rises again and bawls rainbows from having all my farfetched wishes come true in form of a simple relationship emulation. I LOVED and looked up to these characters when I was small, to the point where they had more influence in my upbringing than my legal guardians at the time, and being able to interact with them like this has brought back ALL the feels.It's not without issues, but a lot of them are so overshadowed by where the game succeeds that I don't even feel the need to list every single one. Aside from some technical issues with how it receives commands, the game has some issues with crashing at a semi-frequent rate. To counter this, I open up the customizations menu to 'force' an auto-save and keep my progress in tact. When playing online, it's simply a matter of reopening the client and starting again in another lobby unfortunately.All in all, the storyline is decent, and puts your character in a believable position of agency as the presiding hero.I found it especially clever how they put you in the perspective of a time traveler. As the audience of the series, you already know what will happen and will remember the scenes presented, and you're able to experience that helpless feeling in your gut of wishing to change the outcome as you watch the events play out the way they were meant to. Because of this, you are that much more fitted to the perspective character's shoes, and that much more invested in the events as they unfold. Not sure how this might come across to anyone unfamiliar with the series, but for the rest of us, it's a fun, action-packed swing through memory lane.So what are you waiting for? Be the you your childhood self screamed at the top of their lungs as."
,Recommended,454650,29436775,Posted: 22 January,all,MastR,very fluid fast paced combat if you are new to fighting games buy it if you are not new to fighting games buy it if you are an old man living on an island buy it DO YOU GET THE POINT JUST BUY IT ALREADY!
,Recommended,454650,28953811,Posted: 2 January,all,Dracgeon,"This is not a fighting game but a Action Roleplaying Game. Now that we got that out of the way, here's the hoedown of how I felt about the game in Pros, Cons and NeutralsPros:+ Revamped Combat System+ Every Race has a transformation+ Max Health, Ki, Stamina get raised after every level+ Combine Clothes to make QQ bangs which when equipped makes clothes stats inactive which means you can wear anything without hassle+ Added TP medals which can be used to buy items/clothes/skills etc. Great way to buy things for a cheaper price+ Story Mode is cut down quite a bit so you would not fight more than what you did in the originalNeutral:+- TP medal shop only open on weekends (Technically this isn't that much of an awful thing but for some it may be)+- Varied damage dependent on certain moves. (Spirit Bomb that goku gives you and with a ki blast build it can do about 60% of health of damage) This is also a bad thing because you can get screwed over by someone who uses a move that's OP online.Cons:- Horrible Online Connections- Questionable ""Balance"" on updates- Some expert quests are frustrating to finish offline- AI can be really bad and unresponsive- Some of the Super/Ultimate Moves with Inaccurate Tracking- Certain Clothes/Moves limited to a certain race- Can't change texture detail below high because game would crash on loading screenI really encourage you to buy this but when it's on sale. Until then, wait this out for a bit. It's a worthy buy for people who haven't played the first game and have money to give away but I suggest to hold off till a sale happens."
,Recommended,454650,29431305,Posted: 22 January,all,Zurakci,"There is a love/hate relationship with the Xenoverse type games for me.First of all of them are not as good as the previous games (Budokai, Tenkaichi, raging blast) mostly cause of the ""MULTI TARGET SYSTEM"" cause they felt to have more players on the map, NOT LIKE THAT IS A BAD THING!Positive bits:- Xenoverse 2 is not as clunky as the first Xenoverse. The controllers feels refined and more or less feels like the devs ACTUALLY TRIED TO MAKE THIS GAME WORK PROPERLY THIS TIME AROUND! (I really disliked how little I got out of the first one cause of the controllers and in general character control)- Extends out towards Dragon Ball Super is a neat thing. However how far they will go is a good question.Positive and negative at the same time:- Character Creation is there, and in terms of some games, you get a fair bit of customizing. HOWEVER, it is not really a good one. Its a basic one.- There is no need for most of what you get in the game for skills. You will find some favorites from the stronger characters that will just break the game.Negative bits:- Super mega ""FAK U"" bosses are bullsheit and should not be a thing. Most of them will toss an event attack OUT of the map (which you are suppose to block) and it will either kill you or let you off with barely any health left.- Story is more or less the same as the first Xenoverse...- Still no name for the ""Frieza"" race.. Or should I say Freeza.. since thats the FAKKIN NAME BANDAI!! YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS ALREADY!- Stamina is BS. Having too little gives you no option for teleportation but you are safe from being guard broke, having too much will leave you Broken for FAR too long for you not to be killed in some seconds.Overall this game for ME sits as a 6/10. Bought it cause it was cheap and the first didnt leave a good feeling. The second one DID it better, but its still not ANY OF THE OLDER GAMES THAT DID IT ALL ALOT BETTER.I will say, I can recommend the game for FUN, but it is still somewhat disappointing for someone who loves Dragon Ball and has played most of the games."
76561198254845342,Recommended,454650,29432027,Posted: 22 January,all,GOKUVELEZ,This game is super fun i cant wait for the new dlc to come!
76561198347641790,Recommended,454650,29413118,Posted: 21 January,all,OverThrill,Decent game pc port is horrid though constent crashes and loading lag Classes are good a variety of moves  Long story mode and side quest to keep you busy online mode works better than offline mode for some reason lol what how did they do that? anyways id give the game a 6.5 out of 10 not bad not great a middle of the road game reminds be alot of infinite world but with classes and that you can choose you're own moves and PQ are kinda buggy for me every time I make a new charcter I unlock that move when I tried beating it like 100 times overhaul not worth spending all your money on all the dlcs waiting on super pack 2 looks alot better than the first super pack
76561198019093959,Not Recommended,454650,29491933,Posted: 25 January,all,terminaterg24,"I LOVE the Dragon Ball universe and i love video games. Which is why i can't recommend this game. There are just too many glaring issues in this game. The multiplayer is borderline dead for a game that isn't even a year old and when you do find someone the connection is awful regardless of how good your internet is. Also the countless amount of glitches in this game. I've had more than one mission end because of a game breaking glitch for example, after i beat an enemy the game didn't register it so i just sat in an empty level waiting for the next enemy to spawn. The bossses in the expert missions constantly throw their absolutely devastating attacks outside the ring where you can not get to it. The camera fights you more than any enemy. It's just full of so many small and big issues that it makes you not even want to play anymore. I would not recommend getting this game until you know for sure these bugs have been fixed. Or the expert missions have been balanced, you're supposed to return these gigantic ki bombs with your own ultimate attack but the game just randomly decides when it wants to register your attack hitting the ki bomb. there's a meter at the top of the screen that might as well represent the sea level because it's useless. This game had potential but all these issues killed it for me."
,Recommended,454650,26425019,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ed3nspring,The definitive Dragon Ball experience. Absolutely fantastic if you are a fan of the anime/manga.Only downside I've found so far is how the Super Saiyan forms are handled. I'm pretty sure they could have found something more interesting than being based on your current Ki level.
,Recommended,454650,26637390,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sai,"The game itself is fantastic, but at a certain point you reach what's called Expert Missions, there is a section of every single one of these missions, where there is a game breaking bug, making it entirely incompletable, and these missions just so happen to have a tutorial that you MUST complete to advance the story mode, and with this bug-- That is impossible.Not to mention many other bugs, but those bugs are to be expected. Something this game-breaking should have been taken care of immediately, even in their beta. So until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and manage to fix this absolutely game-breaking bug, my review remains negative. I will edit it accordingly if they ever decide to fix it.EDIT 1: I have found a fix for the KI Blast issue, causing the enemy to warp out of bounds or the blast to be untouchable. It fixed it on the very first try for me, I pray it has the same results for any of you out there to use this method. Here is the thread explaining it;https://steamcommunity.com/app/454650/discussions/0/305510202675005619/EDIT 2: So instead of deleting my negative comments, I wish to simply make a continuation off of this with my positive remarks. The gameplay is similar to that of XV1, definitely more refined, character customization feels more in depth, and most of all its about Dragon Ball, what more is there to love? If you can overlook the bugs and glitches, this game is near perfection for what has been released in the past under the name of Dragon Ball. I recommend this game solely for the Dragon Ball fans for the enticing gameplay, though it does feel like it gets repetitive, with the amount of skills, clothing, music tracks, everything within the game. With unlocking all this stuff, it can feel like a whole new experience everytime. As from a game standpoint from the market, i wouldn't recommend this game due to some of the game breaking bugs that not only were not fixed by the company, but simply ignored. Then we the community had to take it upon ourselves to fix the problems, even if temporary. I'd rate it 5/10, 5 points for the enticing material for us Dragon ball fans, even if it is just plain dorky at some points, and the negative 5 points for the bugs and content issues."
,Recommended,454650,26703394,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SystemAnonymous,10/10. GET IT.. [BE SURE TO WATCH DRAGONBALL SUPER]I am enjoying the game alot. Though due to a bug at release. Its not logged all my current hours.I would have liked to transfer all my characters from Xenoverse 1.But atleast I got my best character with the strongest attacks.I absolutely love this game. And really loved Xenoverse 1.ProOpen world Flight!! (Beats running everywhere)Will be more characters this time around.I've had no connection issues (like I did at first in Xenoverse)Massive fight improvements.Cons. No cons really. Can only think ofStory mode was a bit too easy.
,Recommended,454650,26704377,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,VapeGodTod,8 outta 8 m8
,Recommended,454650,26702604,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Papa Autismo,"Fans of Xenoverse 1 will enjoy this game just fine, as it improves upon that one in many ways. It is, however, still littered with bugs and repetetive gameplay, and Xenoverse 2 could arguably be called a Copy/Paste of the first game. I still recommend this game for fans of DBZ as the experience of the Create-a-Characters adds some extra personal depth, but those who are just looking for a new Fighting game experience may be better served elsewhere."
76561198306552379,Recommended,454650,26705816,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lagoonaisawerido,IM SO ANGRY I WAS TRYING TO GET THROUGH MAJIN BUUS METOR TRAINING AND THE MOVES DONT EVEN WORK PLEASE  ♥♥♥♥ING FIX THIS  GAME
76561198175289527,Recommended,454650,26723386,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,._.,"The game is a big improvement to xenoverse 1 but xenoverse 2 still has a bunch of Bull$&*# to the game,most of the ultimate finishes are impossible to get due to requirements that are way too hard(For example:PQ 67 has a bullcrap requirement where we have to beat Goku in 3 minutes which is nearly impossible.)or not having enough time to beat the normal finish.Stamina Break is a useful move for beating up your opponent but it is bugged.On Xbox One or PS4,stamina break opperates as its suppose to be but in pc,sometimes it opperates but sometimes you land the stamina break but you are frozen for a few seconds which is what is supposed to happen when you fail it,not sucessfully land it.There are a lot of new ultimates in the game,currently im using Dragon Fist and Final Kamehameha.But since stamina break is broken in the pc,these ultimates are basically useless and same with many others,making it hard to destroy your opponents.Again,this game is still better than the one before but I hope they fix the problems I talked about and other problems as well."
76561197980917818,Recommended,454650,27125184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Allivan,"If you enjoy Dragonball Z/GT/Super and want to become a part of it, then you will love this game.The controls are easy to learn, advanced moves take some practice, and combat feels satisfying.The game lets you play as 5 different races and each have their own special missions to complete for advancement.Tldr; I loved it!"
76561198013902157,Recommended,454650,27131310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,4rthas,Very TIME consuming
,Recommended,454650,27162165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GOD DAMNED BASTARDOUS CHILD,The ♥♥♥♥ is this weeaboo♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198149675954,Recommended,454650,27167891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Satan depopa,Best game i've ever experienced. 10/10
,Recommended,454650,27168931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BulletHardTank,This game is good and improves on most things from the 1st game but it is still most of the same. I would still recommend a buy but at a lower price. watch my review for more in depth reviewhttps://youtu.be/EYHj4jhHPro
,Recommended,454650,27566969,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mikeymanguy,"This is how a sequel should be. Bigger and better. They changed some of the things that were a pain like training with characters to learn moves. You don't have to grind up a level for them anymore.The story is the worst part. A lot of the same things from the first game, but the missions are different.I would even say you could skip the first Xenoverse if you wanted.It isn't perfect, but it is really fun. Definitely recommend picking this up if you are a big Dragonball fan."
76561198169366700,Recommended,454650,27853630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mem3s,Gud game.Looks a lot like xn1 but better.10/10 Would meme again.
,Recommended,454650,27726117,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snitram,"Really cool game, the end game is awesome, those Raids are godlike"
,Recommended,454650,30987111,Posted: 6 April,all,DeusNoctua,"Very satisfied with the game overall, you may have finish the game but there's always place to learn and develop new tactics and skills. I have done everything that the game has to offer to me but I still find myself playing almost every day. Truly if you consider yourself a DBZ fan that this game will do the right thing. If you come from previous DBZ games that has come out decades ago like me than you'll be surprised by the progress that has been done till this point. For all of those who don't consider the game up to their expactations than you're just focusing in the small amount of bugs that are overwhelmed by all the positive things this game has to offer."
76561198068844241,Recommended,454650,33193249,Posted: 3 July,all,Thyssyk,"Overall an enjoyable experience, there is a bit of trouble with the AI having stamina advantage but I can see it's intended use in making combat more of a challenge.I have found myself telling myself ""I hate this game... so much...""I do however love the game quite a bit, very fun! Very enjoyable."
76561198247811860,Recommended,454650,33198348,Posted: 3 July,all,Lord Super Kami Dende,"This game is amazing, I can't find a single problem with it other than a little bit of lag that can easily be fixed with the settings. I would recommend this game to everyone."
76561198126449613,Recommended,454650,33193774,Posted: 3 July,all,H3xiC_TROLLS,fun. yes very fun.
,Recommended,454650,31864495,Posted: 20 May,all,Frappe,"I highly reccommend this game for any DBZ fan. Even if your not fond with the series, it is still a very good 3D fighting game. Great with friends as well!"
76561198086158812,Recommended,454650,33256299,Posted: 4 July,all,Funeral-Parlor,A big change from the first game I would a good game.
,Recommended,454650,33259729,Posted: 4 July,all,Pragmatic Hero,This game is a much better improvement of the first. I personally enoyed the immersion of the various Time Rifts among the races.
,Recommended,454650,32894998,Posted: 27 June,all,TJ Max,"First,I am a huge fan of this game and this Fighing Anime Dragon Ball ZI am highly recommended this game becuz this game is an extremely high of quality as a RGP game,as the generation and update compare to all the Dragon Ball games I'd played since I was a child.All I can say is wow,This game is way too far and awesome.Compare to the best Dragon Ball Games such as Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 1/2/3.Well,Even they are lack of characters not like them but I assure u that this game is ultimately worth to play.The combo,fighting style,the characters,skills and the graphics are too fantastic.As my favortite character Son Goku,my favorite is to see him to transform to different Saiyan or Kaioken or other stuff,and u can even create ur own character and imagin that you are in there and pass through the future to save the Heroes.Final Last,don't u guys think about this game is over after the gameplay,you can hav a cheap pay to play way more stories and unlock more characters in DLC Pack,They are worthy to play if u r the true fan of Dragon Ball Z :) There are too much for me to recommend in this game but I can't speak too much or else to give a try on this game.Stay peace and fight some evils.Those heroes are waiting for u to save,isn't it make u feel Excitement?"
76561198274530511,Recommended,454650,33132283,Posted: 2 July,all,Boneless Nick Crompton Pizza,i love dragon ball z and this is the best game i have played
,Recommended,454650,33165682,Posted: 2 July,all,Scrappy Coco,"The game's great, storyline is great and graphics looks nice. But please for the love of god, that stamina break, annoying as hell. Not to mention that crazy difference between 6 stars and 7 stars opponent. A lot of times i use Z vanish to dodge behind an enemy and still gets hit with skillshots that are non-homing. Rito plz fix."
,Recommended,454650,31415954,Posted: 28 April,all,Tøshirø ♡,I ♥♥♥♥ing love anything DBZ so ♥♥♥♥ yes I recommend this game!
76561198194555875,Recommended,454650,33274382,Posted: 5 July,all,Ventrom,"Don't look at my hours, I've played a lot more, trust me.This game offers a huge variety of characters even without a DLC and you can enjoy your trip around different storylines where characters from movies happen to be brought in. For example, instead of fighting Frieza with Goku, you fight Frieza & Cooler with Goku. Sounds interesting right?About combat, every character has a different combo attack and there is a huge variety of skills even greater than the original Xenoverse game. The only problem is in online mode, where some characters like SSGSS Goku are kind of unbalanced, You can still deal with it though. You will Still love the new ki blasts. You can have different types of ki blasts, unlike original Xenoverse game, where Ki blasts were kind of useless, here you can even charge ki blasts and release a deadly attack, even small and many blasts, or a paralyze one, or a huge and devastating one, perhaps there are more.About  content, you can play a huge number of parallel quests, even more with the DLC's. That sounds similar to the original game doesn't it? However, you also have some event quests, you can visit Capsule Corporation and spar with Vegeta, You can go to Namek and talk to Nail for missions to protect the Dragon Balls of Namek, You can go to Hercule's house where he will give you missions to  become his bodyguard (hopefully one day) and earn Zeni (In-game Currency).Besides Zeni, there are also TP medals, which you earn through missions and stuff, and you can buy items with them as well.You can go to frieza's spaceship and do missions, you can feed Majin Buu in his house and make he will make baby buu's that give you items. There are expert missions, that are kind of harder than normal missions, where you fight an opponent and he has some extra abilities, like mind control. And the most important of all, you can have vehicle to move faster and later fly around the city which makes things faster than the last game. Finally, the mentors. In the last game, you had to do parallel quests to get a relationship with your teacher and unlock their skills. In this game, you just have to complete some quests in order to unlock them and their final missions, but you don't have to build relationship. I mean, you don't even have to make them your mentors, you can keep your mentor and unlock skills of another mentor. Sound great right? It is.To sum up,Pros:Great story modeHuge contentRecommended for both Dragon Ball fans and non Dragon Ball fansIt will keep you for long, it's worth the costCons:Average but not that bad Online modeA small amount of Unbalanced charactersToo small time in Offline battles, (Not parallel quests)I hope my review was helpful, if you wish to hear more, please add me on steam and we can talk."
,Recommended,454650,32873250,Posted: 27 June,all,Kyle,Punchy punchy Kicky Kicky at its finest!
76561198370799876,Recommended,454650,33205991,Posted: 3 July,all,DarkKnight,The definitive Dragon Ball expirance 9/10The CaC could be a little better with more customisation options from the start but theres lots to unlock and customize once playing.Great RPG and many hours can be lost playing this game with lots of replay value.
76561198006350971,Recommended,454650,32778096,Posted: 25 June,all,Teh Forti,"2nd 'Verse, same as the 1st....(Edited) I got this mainly cause a good friend of mine also plays it.  We have fun playing it, but honestly... it's fun cause I'm playing it with a friend.  Playing it on my own can be tiresome as it is almost the SAME game as the 1st one with few major gameplay differences.  While the differences are somewhat decent, they aren't anything earth shattering.1st difference is the racial ""Awoken"" skills.  These are super states that your character enters for racially dependant buffs that 'transform' your character in some way.  For example: if you've watched TeamFourStar's play-through, you know that the majin race turns into a version of kid buu.  Saiyans go super saiyan with the saiyan level dependant on how much power you have built up before doing it.2nd difference: The ""QQ"" equips.  In this game, clothing affects your stats in the same way as the 1st, with the exception of the ""QQ"" system.  After a few missions into the main story, you unlock the ""QQ"" system and can then feed clothing items and other miscellaneous items into the system to get a QQ equip.  This then OVERRIDES any bonuses you are given by the clothing you wear, which allows you to customize your appearance better.  But you STILL cannot recolor around 60% of the clothing and acessories in the game, despite the option being there.Apart from these, there IS more to do with 'special events' in the main city which simulate boss raids, 'rifts' which are mini time pocket areas with special racial quests, etc...  But these aren't really that different from the rest of the game.It also doesn't help that the company that made this game apparently do pc support as an after-thought...Pluses:+++ The QQ system finally allows you to look the way you'd like without nerfing your character.+++ You can FLY in the main city!  There are also helpful little teleporter bots all over the city.++ More content than just grinding PQ's and story missions+ Get a leg up on progress in the game with skills and clothing imported from your character from DBX 1+ The game allows you to CHANGE the music played in battles and in the city!Minuses:- Inanimate saiyan tails as an accessory is the ONLY way a saiyan can get a tail without mods.- The QQ system will only take 2 articles of clothing and 1 misc item per QQ item.  This means the bonuses you get won't be as strong as if you wore just the clothing... which also means taking larger stat penalties.  That and you don't know what you'll get unless you follow a recipe guide that a previous player was nice enough to post online.-- You must play through the game to get a 'license' to be allowed to fly in the main city.----- You have to grind story missions and/or reach an unknown level in order to unlock the ability to play the game with friends?!?  WTF?-- Most of the city music selections that you can change to sound like the music creator was told ""Make this music as obnoxiously dissonate or whacky as you can"".----- Be VERY careful before importing your 'hero' from DBX 1!!  Make sure you have the best moveset you want on that character before the 1st time you import, otherwise you'll have to go DEEP into your system files to delete your DBX 2 save in order to reset it.  Doing it in game WILL NOT WORK as advertised.--- Still another obvious ""made for console"" game as there are still bugs and stability issues this far into the lifespan of the game which are likely never to be fixed.-- Didn't think it was possible, but the voice syncing with animations feels even WORSE in this game than the last.  TONS of the classic dub mistakes you likely only see on old import flicks from the 70's-90's.  Ex: Your character announcing some moves halfway through an extended blast time.All in all, decent game if you don't mind some nit-picky cheese.  Gameplay wise, it's alot like the 1st one, just some extra filler and tweaks thrown in.  I'd almost say that it was an asset flip of the 1st.  If you get it, get it on sale and ONLY on sale... and play it with a friend."
,Recommended,454650,32500513,Posted: 17 June,all,Ladasno,"An amazing game, but I wish if you could add local multiplayer, I'm talking about to play with other friend on same PC with controller or something else. I mean go PQ or missions or something. PLEASE ADD THIS..."
76561198153025402,Recommended,454650,33396065,Posted: 8 July,all,hishamksa123,its a good game
,Recommended,454650,33392324,Posted: 8 July,all,littlebuglet,"One of the best games I've ever played! I love the battle mechanics, though sometimes I keep missing my enemy and then I get frustrated and hit them 25 times, but It's still a good game!Also, on my Bootcamp Windows 10, the game does a thing where if I press a button, it leaves fullscreen mode and I can't play it anymore - I fixed it by changing the game's priority whenever it does that.Overall, a VERY VERY VERY good game, it's number 2 on my list of good games, behind Geometry Dash.I do hope they add custom skills and custom super saiyans, but that'll never happen. (PLEASE ADD THOSE)"
,Recommended,454650,33425544,Posted: 10 July,all,Right?,"I've played this game for an absurd amount of time so I feel like im qualified enough to make this reviewPros:- the combat works good and is a huge step up from the last xenoverse game- there is a HUGE variety of super attacks and ultimates that make the game incredibly interesting when used correctly- the new cac system provides more of a feel that you can build your character the way you want to now- there is now an incredible amount of transformations which help to improve the feel that the races are all balanced- very replayable, the fact that the races are more balanced can make you want to keep playing the game over and over againCons:- online is kinda terrible. unless youre connected to the right people the multiplayer does not work- saiyans are still very much so the dominant race in the game, the wide variety of flexiblity with their race is unmatched and you can do pretty much anything as a saiyan- some moves tend to be unbalanced till bandai patches them which can really ruin the fun of online- infinite combos. if a person knows what they're doing they can keep you in a combo for the entire match and you won't be able to escape which again ruins the fun of online- same cookie cutter story from the last xenoverse. people are threatening time and you have to stop them. i wish they didnt do it again but its not a huge problemall and all this games pros kinda outweigh the cons in my opinon at leastid give this game a solid 7/10it's a huge improvement in comparison to the last xenoverse but definitely not a flawless game"
,Recommended,454650,33425569,Posted: 10 July,all,Aqua,Towa best girl
,Recommended,454650,33408247,Posted: 9 July,all,HyperDeathGaming twitch.tv,Its Really Good!
76561198074624128,Recommended,454650,27149043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Angry Mitch,Yes
76561198162864954,Recommended,454650,33615138,Posted: 17 July,all,Black Caillou,Excellent sequel to teh first game. Big fan of the DLC flow.
,Recommended,454650,33599458,Posted: 16 July,all,Darts,Stamina Break me harder :)
,Recommended,454650,33600103,Posted: 16 July,all,✪ Jeff With His Little Dick,ITS REALLY GREAT IF YOU CAN PLAY IT (i have abit problem tho)IF YOU ARE A FAN ITS A DOPE GAME
76561197993421641,Recommended,454650,33585840,Posted: 16 July,all,FIGIOT,+ Dragon Ball+ Fighting game with a decent enough story- For some reason the loading times and loading animations annoyed me7/10 Woul be an 8 if I hadnt played the first game. Part 2 is better but more of the same.
,Not Recommended,454650,28146191,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CoClan | Alex,yes
,Recommended,454650,33602056,Posted: 16 July,all,Cheech,"Best Dragon Ball game ouot, also only dragonball game out. Still litty though."
,Recommended,454650,28726767,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Corbalux,"Title: DragonBall Xenoverse 2Game Type: Fighting, Role-playing,  Action.Game Scores:(Rating Out of 10)Graphics:7Music:6Cinematics:8Story:8Pvp:9Content:5Controls:7Replay Value:7GameScore Overall:7.5/10Good Things to Note: Fun for offline or online, easy controles.Bad Things to Note: Some players Cheat, story need polished up some but its ok.My advice Get it and try it out its fun and theres alot to unlock."
76561198149044050,Recommended,454650,32271420,Posted: 8 June,all,Snake,"I got 'Xenoverse 2' when it originally came out. Hell, I even pre-ordered it. I started with a majin char because it was getting so much shade and I personally love buu. I beat that playthrough with my main complaint of that one (which happened in the game's first month) is that the ozaru quests were broken beyond repair and the ape would constantly either just stop and lead to a disconnect or FLY OFF THE MAP. That playthrough was beaten in about a week, then I took a big break after messing around a bit with my majin as I had effectively beat the game and there was no point in getting max level (I left at lvl 78) After that break I decided to create a frieza which I immediately abandoned and created a saiyan. This playthrough lasted about 3 days because you are able to recycle moves and outfits, major complaint being that 1: PQ's sometimes wouldn't finish even though I had defeated all enemies and none were coming in, and 2: ENEMIES (albiet uncommonly) STILL CLIP OUT OF THE MAP, this happened 2 times on 2 different runs of the final boss which made me restart both times.So, overall if you're a mild Dragonball fan; get the game on sale or just don't as there might not be enough content. If you're a hardcore dragonballfan; get the game on full price or on sale if you're crunched on money, there'd definitely be enough content."
,Recommended,454650,30321822,Posted: 4 March,all,76561198269378986,"What I liked about Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 was it was similar to the original. What was different from Xenoverse 1 was the time miniatures and the new Skills, new Costumes and the New town layout. Instead of walking through portals to get to different locations in Xenoverse 1, in Xenoverse 2 you could walk, use vehicle mounts, or fly, when you get your flying license. Xenoverse 2 also gave us the use of the Awoken skill slot for all of our different characters. Xenoverse 2 introduced SSJ3 and Future Super Saiyan for Saiyans, Turn Golden for Arcosians, Giant form for Namekians, and the Pure form for Majins. Although, Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is missing one little detail that all of the DBZ fans want which is when going Super Saiyan, is that our CAC's should have spiky hair. Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 has been one of my favorite Dragon Ball Z games."
,Recommended,454650,32265661,Posted: 8 June,all,Memez4lyfe,"This is so much more better than xenoverse 1 from the graphics,drawings,animation,and gameplay.I can say every bit of it has totally improved"
,Recommended,454650,32247017,Posted: 7 June,all,snigg,"Kind of like the relationship of Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2. Same formula, some changes added. Online still sucks. Base game is good, but the DLCs are lazy and leave a lot to be desired. Never got why there are 2 DLCs for the Future Trunks arc, when they could've easily released the content of the second pack along with the first.Buy this game for full price if you didn't play the first one.If you played XV1, then wait for a sale, because this follows the original formula very strictly."
,Recommended,454650,32260154,Posted: 7 June,all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,its a shame Pui pui isnt playable
,Recommended,454650,32232489,Posted: 6 June,all,PsySneks,THIS ISNT EVEN MY FINAL FORM!......aaaaand he's dead already. WELP on to the next guy who crosses paths with me!
76561198144127673,Recommended,454650,32427631,Posted: 15 June,all,KoalaPatt,"I'm a massive fan of this game, and I have it on PS4. I got it on PC to install mods and boy, I don't regret a thing."
76561198377149771,Recommended,454650,32406750,Posted: 14 June,all,PEDOPANDA,"AWESOME GAME ! really love itbut story mode is too easy to beat, should try adding more story mode and make it more difficult"
,Recommended,454650,28439368,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MossDJake,I love x2 but there are some problems of course for one you can fly until u defeat frieza and u can't really control the vehicles they give u but otherwise a great game and all dbz fans should pick it up
76561198314372998,Recommended,454650,30093663,Posted: 21 February,all,Bacon,This Game is really fun to play i really loved it and i can't wait til they make Goku Black a Dlc i bet i will be the first one to buy it :D
76561198128944463,Recommended,454650,29980404,Posted: 17 February,all,NeverGup,As a fanboy of the dragon ball anime i got to say that this game is really satisfying for someone who at least likes the series...i havent been into multiplayer that much but only the story and the pq's really got me hooked up!I am looking forward for the 3rd one!!!
76561198106126953,Recommended,454650,29968086,Posted: 16 February,all,Baedence,"Definately a game to pick up for fans of the franchise.Gameplay is fun for aslong as you are willing to put the effort into learn more complex features of the fighting styles.I also adivse playing as much of the variations of races to fully appreciate the Combat.Repetitiveness is always a problem, it's a fighting game afterall."
76561198309771601,Recommended,454650,29322690,Posted: 17 January,all,KingJassim09,this game is very good so illl give it a thumbs up ^^ a die dragonball harding fun <3 so if you like dragonball and a huge fan i would recommend get this game
76561198086655946,Recommended,454650,29352840,Posted: 19 January,all,An Adventurer,"Arguably the best DBZ game I've ever played. Well designed with plenty to do and performance is smooth however there are some glaring issues with it on PC.The game crashes, A LOT! Get used to it. Also there's some issues with certain controllers, this seems to be a case by case issue where the game just refuses to run with a controller. Mine works fine with certain controllers, others not.There's also no cross-platform multiplayer, no surprise but it's 2017 c'mon get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Cons aside, I recommend this game to any DBZ fan, best to get it on PS4 if you have the option though, this is coming from a PC gamer..."
,Recommended,454650,29462244,Posted: 24 January,all,TacticalTugboat,"Xenoverse 2 is one of the better sequals to any franchise. It does rehash the same fighting style but adds improvement. If you are into storylines and continuations of stories, Xenoverse 2 builds on the already existing Dragonball timeline as well as its own story. Would 100% reccommend this game to any DBZ fan."
76561198210142073,Recommended,454650,29406065,Posted: 21 January,all,Aidan_Xenoverse,Love this game!!
76561198189254177,Recommended,454650,29454789,Posted: 23 January,all,Buttmunchkin,The game is solid but one thing I hate besides bugs and stuff. All your progress is not shared on multiple characters which is completely ignorant because it was in the 1st. Whats the point of replaying sections for a Z when I gotta beat the story 8 times so stupid lol. But if you can forgive that it really is a good game but until they fix these things wait for a sale.
,Recommended,454650,29436686,Posted: 22 January,all,ÆpEEK!,"Way better compared to the first DBX, my only gripe with it is that random crashes occur too often, however if you can overlook the crashes then you're in for a hell of an experience with this game!"
,Recommended,454650,29392651,Posted: 21 January,all,Captain Cow,get it if you loved the first xenoverse expect some bugs minor and major some elements and quests are repeated both good and bad comes out of this
76561198038273210,Recommended,454650,29392813,Posted: 21 January,all,TheJonce,The game is super cool but aslso has it's flawsCoolness:Sustained transformationsLots of mastersLots of skillsLots of outfitsFlaws:In PQ's in offline mode the other characters are useless ( you get the crap beat out of you and they just watch)The time in PQ's runs out quickly even when you non stop beat up the enemy the health does not go downNot a lot of people play online PQ'sExpert missions sometimes bugged
,Recommended,454650,31010515,Posted: 7 April,all,~{∞}~Mystical,This game is really fun and it is realistic to the manga and anime so ya :D !
76561198209557993,Recommended,454650,29408907,Posted: 21 January,all,edwardbearhall,really good game but the tuturial is a little too hard for beginners
,Recommended,454650,29443881,Posted: 23 January,all,Ibakun Gaming Power,It is greatly made and as great graphics you should play it.
76561198033676985,Recommended,454650,31617094,Posted: 7 May,all,ItzNikkitty,"The writing and story might be a bit weak, but the game itself is a ton of fun. The voice acting sounds just like the original characters, pretty much anyone you can name from DBZ-onward is in it, and there's a ♥♥♥♥ton of moves, accessories, clothes, and abilities that you can get. It may not be perfect, but it's still that big multiplayer dragonball game that fans have been waiting for for so long. I give it a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,454650,29753844,Posted: 6 February,all,Yeks,For now all alright... except for servers...
76561198351552982,Recommended,454650,31737860,Posted: 13 May,all,gingercaleb15,If the multiplayer servers didnt suck and everyone didn't lag around all the ♥♥♥♥in time this game would be solid.
76561198117227242,Recommended,454650,31733547,Posted: 13 May,all,Vetiburg,I don't know about anyone else but having epic music while going Golden as one of Frieza's race is pretty cool.
,Recommended,454650,31760441,Posted: 14 May,all,ChipChipChipChiiiip,"A Dragon Ball fan's Whimsical Dream part 2. Now with more characters, more transformations, more attacks, more parallel quests, and a new story. Though it still isn't the best dragon ball game ever, it did improve a lot compared with the first one. But I hate being disconnected from the game (or it closing during a parallel quest or any other event). This one, in my opinion, should require a more careful thought before buying it than the previous Xenoverse entry.I do like that they added movies' characters in this game, but it boggles my mind how Dragon ball characters (you know, from the series before dragon ball z) still didn't appear in this game.It is worthy to be sitting on my steam library collecting dust and being played ocasionally. Hopefully one day I'll be able to run it for more than 3 hours without it closing on me... Thank ♥♥♥♥ I bought it on a sale."
,Recommended,454650,31911641,Posted: 22 May,all,Igni,"A big improvement over the previous game ..as far as player classes ..and overall involvement ...there is more to do.among other improvements...One of the annoying things about it would be, the lack of a proper chat system ...I know it's a console port ..but come on..it is very limited ..with a preset list of stuff to say ...that in no way gets the proper message across...Another annoying part would be the online parallel quests ...that should have been improved ...but it wasn't ..for example I try to join one and will get disconnected while joining, or disconnected while im in the lobby, or I get kicked out... and it get highly annoying after a while to the point of not wanting to bother..If I host one, I will be waiting for ages since people keep wanting to do very specific quests... instead of just doing a quick match..Overall I will give it a thumbs up, since it is much improved over the previous game..One other thing I will add, the default super namek awoken power makes you a giant ... and it should be ""super namek"" ...like when Piccolo fuses with Nail ..then later fuses with Kami ...and he got a major power up ..and glowed white and was able to own ...like a super saiyan glowing yellow .. ..THAT is a super namek ..not this giant nonsense."
76561198259141371,Recommended,454650,32140375,Posted: 2 June,all,Kaiyo,"Okay guys what this game has to improve;1.Server lag completely or we will all go crazy.2.Fix stanima breakes so they only drain 3 bars and breaks when you have 3 and a break happens.3.More stuff, it had little to no stuff at all please add 3 times as much.4.Take alot of time, at the minimum 4 years and a max of anything.5.Allow us to make our own moves so we can have stuff to fit our classes, also make it to were we need bad addons as well as good so the move can be balanced but take TP Points to make and more stuff more it is going to be expensive!!!!!6.More customization!7.Make a GT and DBS Form line so Saiyans get SSJ4 for gt line,basically this is how it works;Saiyans;GT: SSJ1 -----> SSJ2 ----> SSJ3 ----> SSJ4Oringanal: SSJ1 ---> SSJ2 ---> SSJ3 ----> SSJRageNEW MOVE KI CONTROL: Only Saiyans and Freiza race can use, but in any form you go god form, also only Original SSJ line and Original Freiza line will work with this. For Saiyans, base + KI CONTROL = SSJG, SSJ1 + KI CONTROL = SSB (IF GOOD) or SSROSE (IF EVIL), SSJ2 + KI CONTROL = SSB2 or SSROSE2, SSJ3 + KI CONTROL = SSB3, SSJRage + KI CONTROL = SSB RAGE or SSROSE RAGE.Nameks;GIANT FORMS: Giant form level 1 (Less stanima use but less powerful also smaller then 2) ----> Giant form level 2SUPER NAMEK: Super namek (faster than base also stronger no minus, but only ssj2 level.)Human;BUFF: Buff Form (SSJ2 level but slower in melee, but stronger in melee than SSJ2)Frieza Race;5th LINE: 2nd Form -----> 3rd Form ---> 4th Form ---> 5th Form (Between SSJ2 and SSJ3 no minus)ORIGINAL LINE: 2nd Form -----> 3rd Form ---> 4th FormKI CONTROL (NEW MOVE) makes it were this happens, in 4th Form use this and GOLDEN FORM happens and is equal to SSB AND SSROSE."
,Recommended,454650,32141790,Posted: 2 June,all,HoangJo,"Don't buy it at original price.Game is good and adds a few more stuff, but in general is like an expensive DLC of the first Dragon Ball XV. Story is okay.I am a big Dragon Ball fan, but even like that I'm glad I bought it on a sale. I repeat, buy it on a good sale. It's like a big and expensive DLC, but the game is basically the same. You will enjoy it, but price it too damn high."
76561198146426588,Recommended,454650,32086625,Posted: 31 May,all,LegendarySSJBlood,i had this game since it came out and im still not board of it
76561198269454902,Recommended,454650,32075611,Posted: 30 May,all,Plerstis,"It has everything you could possibly expect. (At least in my opinion).The game represents the anime so well with all of you the soundtracks, fighting, basic attacks and or ki attacks.I personally recommend this game considering how well it represents the anime.It's a splendid game, would fight Black multiple times again. :]"
76561198128362450,Recommended,454650,32137791,Posted: 2 June,all,chrisperkins876,Best db game ever
76561198055193061,Recommended,454650,32171137,Posted: 4 June,all,MasterGamer5000,g00d game.
76561198116360637,Recommended,454650,32199564,Posted: 5 June,all,ChefGobGab,fun but now i cant conect to xenoverse 2 sever
76561198392769293,Recommended,454650,32203172,Posted: 5 June,all,whitefangsaito,"It really isn't a bad game. Sure, some NPCs are unreasonably difficult, and the storyline is recycled, but it's really fun. Played 36 hours in under five days. It's really addictive."
,Recommended,454650,32173824,Posted: 4 June,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,this game is  hard but good!
76561198218695967,Recommended,454650,32168205,Posted: 3 June,all,MrSkittles24,"awesome so far but on the second trailer at 39 seconds, the attack where the character kicks all of those power beams at the enemy whats that one called"
76561198162057080,Recommended,454650,32195824,Posted: 5 June,all,Apprentice Naldal,good and awesome
,Recommended,454650,32194597,Posted: 5 June,all,theepidemicproduction,This is my game I hope that we get the ability to go SSGSS and or Even Rose in Super Pack 4 and what ever Goku ascends to in Super
76561198192636701,Recommended,454650,32570907,Posted: 19 June,all,barrymai,for those who pre order this like i do we got upset becouse glitchs that make game hard to even play but after time when glitchs got fix everything got niceronline players in this game just stamina break and spam attack so yeah dont play PVP online
76561197976697387,Recommended,454650,31125386,Posted: 13 April,all,FrostyXtreme,Great  game!
76561198277302372,Recommended,454650,28840813,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,shtroodel,"the game realy improved, online is working fine now.awesome story and great mechanics."
76561198244102440,Recommended,454650,30176634,Posted: 25 February,all,Burtle The Man-Eating Turtle,"The game is basically the first game with a few extra fights, attacks and events. However, even as it is like the first game, I can't stop playing it. So yeah, if y enjoyed the first game, you should get this one. Don't buy it without a sale happening. Its not worth it full price."
76561198254340910,Recommended,454650,28393246,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Symbol,This game may still have some glitches but it is still beter than the first
76561198171659037,Recommended,454650,28396152,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tamarinatorpickme,yo buy now♥♥♥♥♥♥later
76561198085173095,Recommended,454650,28387369,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,djsrocky75,It is a grate game there a fue gliches here and there but over all cool as hell just whish they would add more characters
76561198123628999,Recommended,454650,28401454,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Titan,"This game will provide an amazing RPG expeirence especially with mmo, however some stuff could be fixed like mutliplayer like bug fixes, especially the lag sometimes ruins the expereince but everything else is top notch especially new villians and also new abilites and transformations"
,Recommended,454650,28400400,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,AlucardNoLife,"pretty fun game but it has some glitches but  what you gonna  do, all games have glitches"
,Recommended,454650,28396081,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,\/vV,Deletes all of your save data just for downloading the Steve Aoki pack.Best game.Steve hates you all.
,Recommended,454650,28479971,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Loli King,"Before I review this game, take note: If you aren't a fan of Dragon Ball, or if you're not a fan of the original Xenoverse gameplay, this game is not for you.  Also, this game really isn't worth anywhere near its price point, at least not on PC.THE GOOD:+ Huge selection of characters+ Great fighting system (improved from Xenoverse)+ Looks amazing. This is personal preference, but I love the artstyle and the ki blasts look stellar.+ Customization for days+ Lots of quests and mentors to keep you busy+ Online battles are fun (when there aren't connection issues. more on that later)THE BAD:Cookie cutter DLC charactersI take this one back, Hit and SSB Kaioken x10 Goku were really good.- The raid quests are weak.  Seriously, not fun at all and the rewards are not that great (or impossible to get, especially with the connection issues)- The expert missions in general just aren't that good.  The first half are actually pretty fun, but later on they become cumbersome, and then straight up impossible.  I'm looking at you, Expert Quest #15.- Not many players online.  This one can't be helped so I wouldn't technically fault the devs for thisTHE UGLY:- PC port is inferior to consoles. Consoles get content updates first, and isn't as buggy- The lobby system from XV hasn't been fixed, meaning you can't select a new mission from within a lobby- Don't even get me ♥♥♥♥ing started on the connection issues.  Seriously, just look at any of the negative reviews of this game or look on the Steam forums.  The online jumps from good, to laggy, to absolutely unplayable at a whim.  Expect many, many disconnects.CONCLUSION:All of this being said, I've enjoyed my time with the game.  I'll probably drop back in from time to time when DLC's are released, but the problems in this game will keep me from playing it regularly.  I don't regret buying this game, BUT MANY PEOPLE DO!  So I would read some other reviews, watch some gameplay videos, and familiarize yourself with this game's faults before shelling out $50 for this game.  If it's on sale, or if you're a huge Dragon Ball fan who drinks up any DB content no matter its faults (like me), then I would definitely recommend it."
76561198314415497,Recommended,454650,28488143,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mzario,"This game is great in general. If you played xenoverse 1 then you will really like this game too its a bit funky with bugs but after you can get used to it BUT. multiplayer has alot of bugs so i recommend doing offline and I didnt get this for pvp I got this for the story mode. Great game, alot of bugs on multiplayer. nice game overall."
,Recommended,454650,28488525,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,LiaWulf,"TL:DR+Character Customization is wonderful.+Lots of fun character interactions.+Improved combat from the first, feels more skill based.+Very similar to the first game.+Seriously, the Character Customization.-Same old DBZ story, with only slight changes to keep things interesting.-Very similar to the first game.-Fairly buggy(Though most of the glaring bugs have been fixed!)-Seemingly not many players on the PC version.Overall, I'm rather happy with my purchase. The game is a lot of fun, and the combat is much improved from the first game.The character customization is wonderful, and easily the highlight of the game. Being able to equip so many different items, most from established characters or slight spins on some classics, is amazing.The game isn't without faults though. The PC version especially has had an issue with hackers, so far. There's not as many people playing either, so if you want a lot of Multiplayer, I'd reccomend the console versions.If you've played the first one, the story is dissapointly similar, hitting many of the same plot points(Though, being a DBZ game, that's kinda expected), though it does show different sides of a number of fights.Graphics are more or less unchanged from the first, and many stages didn't change at all. A lot of the parallel quests are actually just copied over from the first.So as a whole, if you're a DBZ fan and want to make your own OC, and like fighting games, I very much reccomend.If you played the first and weren't too impressed, there's not a lot that will change your mind here."
,Recommended,454650,28488693,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rhaigex,"alot of fun great combat and content, i dont have the problem of crashing"
76561198153496118,Recommended,454650,28484149,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tacticaltac0,its fun to play
76561198067062788,Recommended,454650,28486960,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Anchor Aidan,"This is a brilliant game, in terms of gameplay, story and extras better than the first xenoverse and most games nowadays. There have been a lot of people commenting on glitches, not only are these only created by the PC but my PC is horrible and can handle this game perfectly find (60+ fps and no glitches). The story is different in a good and bad way, apart from the middle doesn't feel as badass because you have no contribution. The decision at the end seems pointless because you will most likely get no choice at all.Overall, the story will only appeal to DB fans and the gameplay will be loved by everyone.P.S. stop blaming your crappy PC glitches on the game, go play COD remastered!"
76561198041792008,Recommended,454650,28487020,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,werepyre2327,"This game is flawed. Yes, it has issues. But it's fun! VERY fun. And honestly, bandai seems to be trying its best to fix these issues as well as balance the game.  So give it a shot!"
76561198327401244,Recommended,454650,28485285,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BlueShadow,"The game is awesome in terms of gameplay and pvp but what i don't like is that you when you make a new cac you have to do everything all over again including parallel quests and unlocking characters, what i wish they add is for the saiyans to have a choice to become ssj4 or SSB or SSR or SSR a bit greedy but that would be really cool"
,Not Recommended,454650,26410534,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Day Man,"Good fighting game.  Any fan of DBZ will greatly enjoy this game.Although, it seems like the devs aren't going to do well with the online support.--EDIT: The online support is pretty much non existent.  Game breaking online issues that have been there since day one have yet to be fixed and the weekend event servers are just awful.  I no longer recommend this cash grab of a game.  Apparently console has had better support and far less hackers.90% of my play time was co-op with a friend.  Only reason I got any enjoyment from this game.--"
76561198204365533,Recommended,454650,26273246,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Starrk_sama,the best dbz game ever
76561198155229216,Recommended,454650,28470549,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,skymomo34,This is a great game i absolutely love it. I would love it if they could patch this up the rando crashes are the main prob for me i have not expirenced any of the other things people have said i am not a good source for this so i would not take my word on this
76561198228633284,Recommended,454650,28472424,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TigerWarrior,It's AWSOME! The gameplay is better and it's amazing to be able to fight side by side with your old character!
,Recommended,454650,30223448,Posted: 27 February,all,aPantslessKyo,"Where to begin..To start this review, please note there are very few differences between Xenoverse 1 and Xenoverse 2 in terms of what your PQ's are and the overall flow of the main story. Obviously there's new plot devices and new characters introduced and whatnot, but the overall scheme of DBXenoverse isn't going to feel wholly different to anyone who's put in serious time in the first one. (Half the PQ's have the same names as the previous game's for starters)The graphics are much more colorful, and a bit more detailed, but low-end PC's can still run it at 30 frames or better so as to keep everyone in the game. So if your PC can handle the first one, it can handle this one at lowered settings.Now on to the key differences:Tranformation (Awoken Power): ERMAHGERD, Bandai/Namco hit this one on the head! Everyone, and every race has a transformation! It's so much better, and you can now have two (Ultimate?) Skills without forgoing your transformation. Saiyans even get a better deal, as Super Saiyan is the only option, your Ki bar determines how far up the SSJ tranformation list you go (as of the time of this writing, 3 bars to transform, 4 for SSJ2, 5-6 for SSJ3). And for you non-saiyan players, no more unlimi-ki. Ki and stamina actually take longer to build up in SSJ forms, but running out of ki doesn't end the transformation (as far as I've seen so far).Ki-Blasts: Broad topic, as skills will be covered here. Normal ki-blasts are much more responsive and home in quite well, holding down your basic ki-blast button will allow you to charge and fire 6-7 stronger/faster shots that have a better disruption chance. Or you could mash the button... it's not bad either. Skills on the other hand... let's just say alot of people are looking for an aim assist on their Kamehameha's and Special Beam Cannons (the latter is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥at range now). But the tradeoff is they actually scale harder with your stats, so learn to combo.Stamina: Stamina had seen some use in the previous game (Kai-o-what?) but wasn't nearly as critical as this game's recalibration. There are multiple new ways to use stamina, like the rushdown (press your jump+light atk buttons and dash instantly to your opponent) that are far too useful to overlook. And they rebalanced it (as far as I remember) to where dodging costs 2 bars, follow-ups on combo's cost 1 bar, rushdown cost's 1 bar as well. So raise your stats accordingly.EXTRA CREDIT: New locales, such as Capsule Corp, Majin Buu and Hercule's houses (respectively), and Guru's home on Namek, as well as Freeza's Ship. These places add a bit more to the game in a way only Dragonball can muster. From the repetitive saving of Namek (dragonball collection/protection quests) to the always cringey Saiyaman/Saiyawoman superhero rescues, to making Majin Buu eat himself a new family (I'm not kidding). All of these things aren't necessarily critical, however they do give a few perks here and there (Guru can power you up if you do Nail's job for him). It's just DB being DB and I presonally love it.Elite Missions: Ok... here's where you're going to see me go from praise to utter apathy. These missions get bugged super easily. But I'm gonna tell you how to fix at least one of them after the ""review."" As far as I'm aware, there's only two essential ones (labeled ""tutorial"") that you'll have to do to progress the story. But these missions involve you (as whoever you want, Custome Character or otherwise) and 5 NPC's tackling some baddie with some new suped up moves. Move's like mind controlling... or blasting your squad to other dimensions... or catching a goddamn buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing death ball that magically goes out of bounds and sinks to the earth's core and gives ZERO ♥♥♥♥s about you needing to beat a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial!... Did I say apathy? I meant rage... Honestly, it's a bunch of minigames inside the game, and that's fine... when it's not buggy.(When dealing with the Death Ball Scenario [Tutorial 1], try to place yourself in the center of the stage, as baddie will teleport onto you, and then toss it near you. If you stray too far from the center when it's whole animation starts up, there's a damn good chance it'll ignore the stage barrier and send you into a rage like it did me the first 6 times...)Online: I haven't played too many games online, as the Xenoverse service is ""down"" and doesn't respond well, but there's alot of negative reviews all over regarding their online play, even PQ's... Also, half the time on startup you'll have to reselect your character from the main menu again just because the online service doesn't like you at that time... But if you do manage to get it to love you, and you want to play with frands, you gotta go to Kame House, yep... Kame House. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it seems like even for PQ's you have to set up there unless you want to be matchmade into other people's PQ attempts.The other TokiToki City: It's a huge place... like real huge. At the start you get to do the standard run and jump. You also get this bumpercar of a vehicle, that drifts harder than Tokyo Drift's wet dreams. (It's actually a nightmare in terms of handling). You'll eventually get the ability to fly throughout the city, minus the areas I mentioned in the EXTRA CREDIT. There's also some handy dandy Transport robots to get you from place to place, and for free, so use them too til you can fly, and probably after as well.As far as the game goes, I'd recommend this title to anyone who is a DB fan, or anyone who liked the first one. As a gamer and a fan I'd give this a 7.5/10, and that's mostly because of the buggy online and bugged elite quests.Pros:StoryMovie and otherwise unused characters from DBX1Graphic QualityStat/Skill/Transformation UpgradesAdditional DB funtimesCons:BuggyOnline no work gudRe-hashed PQ'sEarly World Travel is lame."
76561198282222527,Recommended,454650,30220106,Posted: 27 February,all,Avo,great db game
76561198080639417,Recommended,454650,26265212,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,raeef-fu,best dragon ball game I hope they add the planet destruction like in tenkashi
,Recommended,454650,26345696,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,군대감(in military now),Better than 1But not the best
76561198142499923,Recommended,454650,26253283,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,pephil55,Happy with my order now that i have everything that was promised. a definitive upgrade from the first installment on xenoverse.
,Recommended,454650,26256608,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,rosenpin,"ProsIt's a great game that I enjoy playingConsImporting my character from Xenoverse 1 was a complete failure.There are many bugs, especially in the Oozaru fightsIt seems like it's not possible to play online at all yet (might be because of the region lock for online matches)I would suggest that you wait a few weeks/months for the devs to get it together"
,Recommended,454650,30242288,Posted: 28 February,all,1nonly,Great game and great fan service.  Silky smooth fps with a lot of content to boot.
76561198156096523,Recommended,454650,30222428,Posted: 27 February,all,☜«✪HeadSh0tGamer✪»☞,why the dlc 2 not coming in free update now 27 in february
76561198285252459,Recommended,454650,30245368,Posted: 28 February,all,Kiro-Sakai,"Great game! I'm a massive fan of Dragonball both anime and manga, so this sequel (and much improved sequel at that) is a perfect tribute to my childhood favourite. Also, both the DLCs are fun and worth the money. Would recommend massively!"
,Recommended,454650,30240001,Posted: 28 February,all,Klaploop,Good combat needs more content but overall good game
,Recommended,454650,30214639,Posted: 26 February,all,✪ LD,The best :guko:
76561198140229664,Recommended,454650,30271575,Posted: 1 March,all,Monster12537,is good. better than Xenoverse. Probably would be a lot better if I played witha controller.
,Recommended,454650,30270346,Posted: 1 March,all,Danny Sexbang,"So far, this game has been amazing. YET! All I've heard is that it is a shorter version of the first one. After actually finishing the game, i'll finish the review"
,Recommended,454650,30269690,Posted: 1 March,all,Jac(k)queline T. Writer,"REVIEW EDIT(Cause couldn't fit this all in a comment, and it's also relevant here):(Mainly directed as a reply to the comment of Battora but info that needs to be said in general regardless): Thanks for clarifying my mistake in the review itself, I was being overly general, and admittedly, i very much have a problem with frustration in games, and I know I suck, but frustrated-me is an utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it takes a while for me to calm down fully sometimes(and even longer usually to get up the guts to address & fix my mistaken actions), so non-frustrated me apologizes for my bouts of frustrated rage, which inevitably tends to end up with reviews like this. >_<'On the minimal effects thing, I don't know the exact percentage in DBZX2 that effects the gender stats, but I know even 1% can be a huge difference when it comes to gaming (see, for example; the infamous super smash bros. 'Trip effect"" thing(Though I may be mistaken bout that as well), and possibly a few mmorpgs and other games), and I wouldn't mind seeing you fight, but not to prove my ragey stupid rants.In retrospect, i'm very much a ragey-gamer, though I try my best not to be, and I do fully apologize for that.DBZ Xenoverse 2 is a good game with some major good points, I just have trouble getting over the bad ones when i'm in that frustration-fueled-ragestate.You know how they say ""write your anger in a letter, but don't send it""? I kinda end up doing that, except I do send it, then later once i've calmed down and thought about it more, I do my best to fix where I went wrong.I've done it many times, and i'm not proud of any of them.Anyways, i've done my frustration-rage & rehash cycle for the thousandth time yet again, and apologize for any stupid things I said while I was frustrated.Probably gonna edit the review and address this problem of mine in it itself, so thanks for putting up with my ragey♥♥♥♥♥♥ and sorry for me being such an♥♥♥♥♥ >-<'ORIGINAL REVIEW(For context purposes ONLY, not to be taken entirely seriously, as I was frustration-ragey, and my IQ drops by like half when i'm like that):Great game, except for one thing; it's SO FREAKING SEXIST! >_<'For the record, i don't mean the fact that you only get referred to as a guy by the dialogues, that's just a side-effect of japanese-to-english translations. No, what I refer to is the race gender stats.Female Saiyans are great at Ki Blasts & Ki Manipulation(Supposedly primarily Mental skills) but suck at Melee(Or any physical fighting)Male Saiyans are great for Melee(Or any physical fighting), but suck at Ki Blasts and Ki Manipulation(Supposedly primarily Mental skills)Honestly, did they just look at the biggest book of gender stereotypes possible for stat creation or something?!And yes, I realize that there have not been many main female characters in canon who are strong as the the male ones, but that SHOULDN'T EFFECT THE PLAYER CHARACTERS!I prefer making female characters who can kick butt at any range(female cause i prefer it for many personal reasons, and the style cause, that's just my preferred fight style).This game makes any attempts at making a Melee Female Saiyan the equivalent of creating a doll from cloth, and dropping it into a fight arena of steel mechas armed with flamethrowers, acid, and chainsaws. And it is annoying. as. heck.Anyways, that's my opinion, not recommended until they fix this game's extremely sexist stat systems.For the record; this gender stat thing annoys me to an incredible extent, due to the disadvantage it gives female characters; all swears are replaced by lesser versions not for self-censoring or my own attitude, but so that people will actually be able to read this fully without the steam word-filter censoring it.anyways, frustration rage over, i'm done, bibi."
76561198091260116,Recommended,454650,30329356,Posted: 4 March,all,vasarto,"What an amazing game, the only thing I wish is that people actually played this game online. I tried finding people to play, but all it was is a bunch of people walking around doing nothing, and no way to interact with other players. They seem to do stuff, but they don't really do anything together it seems. What a shame, a wasted potential for a great DBZ Multiplayer MMO."
76561198148994323,Recommended,454650,28411739,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,rexthegreat64101,"Much better than Xenoverse 1, Feels so much smoother and all the little polish like if you wear 17's pants and use elite beam you use his gun really makes this game shine. It does have some issues like crashing but frankly they arent to frequent to be unbearable and most problems will be pactehd out soon but id wait for the steam winter sale to pick the game up because it DOES hae some issues like if you wanna replay the game with a new character you have to restart the story and the online is kinda unbalanced. But overall, lots of fun."
,Recommended,454650,31369441,Posted: 25 April,all,Victory Male Carter,Dragonball Xenoverse 2 Where to start on thisI Bought this Game 13 Times on Steam Yes on that Anime Sale i Bought the Deluxe Version for Ben Ramsey who did Dragonball Evolution and i got him the Pre Order Dlc. Ok Enough of that.The Game Dragonball Xenoverse is a Beyond Great game so my marks are 9/10 i gave Xenoverse 1 8/10. There is so much to do and each race has an Awoken Skills through Varoius Time Rifts i won't go into detail about that. Expert Missions Man they are Super hard but give you great moves in return. The Parralell Quest Allot more then this 1st Xenoverse with allot of them changed from the 1st game. Character Roster (DLC Pack 3 Has been Released) When i doing this i have had a friend help me through out the game especially with Dragonball Mission i do them with My Friend.I Recommend it To All Gamer maybe not the Old School Dragonball Gamers. My 1st 3D Dragonball Game was Xenoverse 1 so thats why im under the The Universal Era Dragonball Gamer.
,Recommended,454650,31394461,Posted: 27 April,all,DeeRayCheesy,The F***ing game keeps crashing
,Not Recommended,454650,26333839,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,RandomRedMage,"I innitially gave this game a possitive review becase it started off really good. It was a fine step up gameplay wise from the first xenoverse game, but it has clearly taken a terrible turn. The DLC is lackluster and just not worth it. Was it fun? Sure I enjoyed my playthrough, and i still hop in the play when the DLCs come out, but seriously... this last DLC gave me a little under a half hour of actual gameplay. artificial difficulty ramps in the new PQs, by simply just giving the enemies max stats,  rediculus health, and permanent super armor. It doesnt make the fight harder, it makes the fight tedious. I love dragonball. ive been enjoying dragonbal super. But this game, the english voice actors for the Dragon Ball super characters, their mispronouncing names... its all very hackey... did the VAs phone in their works, and not get any guidence as to what the characters are called? Did Goku Blacks VA decide he was  throat cancer batman?If you REALLY like DBZ... sure buy it. But seriously, wait for it to be on sale. Because it isnt worth full retail price."
,Recommended,454650,31374547,Posted: 26 April,all,ZikePlays,"I give this game 10/10 because of it's story, quests and online events. Amazing storyline, I like how each race has it's on transformations and the skills such as Ki blasts supers and ultimates they have. The character customisation is better than Xenoverse 1. I have played Xenoverse 1 and I enjoyed it but I have to say Xenoverse 2 is way better.Overall rating 10/10"
76561198280703346,Recommended,454650,31371833,Posted: 26 April,all,Chocolate French Fries,"Oh man I love this game and how it finally gives the dragon ball fans dream of living in the world of their favorite series and I can't wait to see what they do in xenoverse 3, well if they make a xenoverse 3. But if they do I hope they add in things like the fake super saiyan form Goku used against slug and give the player the ability to go into sssj blue mode and also give the frieza race (or the frost demons) the ability to change their forms like Frieza did in the namek saga and even more abilities and attacks in the game and yes I know that I sound like a MAGER cringy fanboy, BUT I CAN'T HELP IT, I just really love the dragon ball series. Keep up the good work Toriyama."
,Recommended,454650,26253673,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,💖 Lance 💖,"This game is a HUGE step up from xv1. Yes there's problems in the game but hey that's just dimps being stupid. Dlc 3 really saved this game for me. Also if you really want to know if this game is worth it, just look at my xenoverse 1 hours. I am sure you can figure out the rest."
76561198242217504,Recommended,454650,31415258,Posted: 28 April,all,AVS.♛Adar♛,good
76561198134675094,Recommended,454650,31472507,Posted: 30 April,all,headmean,"Dragon ball Xenoverse 2 is the best game so far  compare to the other dbz games like tenkaichi 3 and Ragging Blast 2. The customization character,  new battle combat system which I fell in love with."
76561198349083206,Recommended,454650,31497948,Posted: 1 May,all,FinalDestiny772,Really fun. Really fun. It get's you all pumped for the upcoming games 2. It's just awesome.
76561198006338132,Recommended,454650,31498340,Posted: 1 May,all,Buriel,"It's fun to make and play your own Dragon Ball character, not to mention the power trip of fighting your favorite characters. It was addictive for me to collect powers and accessories as I progressed through the story, you may like it too if you enjoyed the show."
76561198382934401,Recommended,454650,31435133,Posted: 29 April,all,mygames-sonic,This game is the best thing that happen in my life
76561198270946677,Recommended,454650,31468405,Posted: 30 April,all,tyrexrubixdiv,No one is online for 1v1 on pvpOnly like about 2000 players even play this game anymore
76561198368485601,Recommended,454650,31514384,Posted: 2 May,all,BillionthBox164,"My dragon Ball Z Xenoverse 2 lags,if anyone knows how to fix it tell me."
76561198295383489,Recommended,454650,31517097,Posted: 2 May,all,warsaw1000,"dragon ball xenivurse 2 continues the story of the previous game.  its an good game graphics wise.  however, i have noticed several issues when it comes to game play.  sometimes when playing, the game will go black and you will have to exit your game and restart it.  this means that your data will be erased if you are in a difficult battle and your about to win.  so if you get the game just hope you wont have to deal with these issues."
76561197995455156,Recommended,454650,31587839,Posted: 6 May,all,Bloodnutz,Can be Great Saiyaman 3 10/10 would pose again.
76561198314674008,Recommended,454650,31604868,Posted: 7 May,all,TheMKayzor,this game is probably in my top 13 BEST games of the year imo. but there's just one. one. problem that always annoys me i always drop the quality/brightness as much as i can but it's always running SO slow. any help?
76561198297426537,Recommended,454650,31595659,Posted: 6 May,all,NuComer,Everything good for this game except music. Hopefully they will have DLC for original DBZ track.
76561198287208996,Recommended,454650,31487153,Posted: 1 May,all,GameGhost1023000,"Overall , the game is a lot of fun if you are into dragon ball and the franchise . However , i confirm that online mode in this game is UNPLAYABLE . You can NEVER find any rooms and you pretty much will not use any of the online features except the medal shop . Also , the game has a LOT of bugs in expert missions , skills , and z-souls. Some missions can be completely impossible to do , some skills do not connect and some z-souls have the wrong effect . So , unless you just want to play offline battles with cpu and offline pqs only you may enjoy this game , but i DO NOT recommend this game for players who want to play online , because  , as i said before , you will never be able to . As for positives dont worry there are : Amazing combat system and fighting experience , spectacular graphics , hundreds of cool customisations , hundreds of different skills and moves . In conclusion , if you dont want to play online , i do highly recommend this game . If you are only interested in battling online with other players , i am sorry to say that you may not like this game at all . I do hope the developers will fix the bugs and make online mode playable as soon as possible ."
76561198153302785,Not Recommended,454650,26266220,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,xhexk,it getts boring after a while
,Recommended,454650,31534039,Posted: 3 May,all,Doomeni,Its a amazing game overall so many newer improvements made it so much better but one request can yall add a option of choosing between restarting the game or just go off of what quest and missions you already have
76561198202720404,Recommended,454650,29977230,Posted: 16 February,all,GamingNKillin,"Great game in the main scheme of it, and I do recomend it for any hardcore DB fans (like me). Although it does have some set backs and honestly some things I was a little dissapointed on. I'll list them here, so that maybe if the devs see this they can maybe add what they like in updates or DLC.When I first got into this game, I really thought of a lot of fights that I could be fighting in game, Zamasu and goku black, Goku vs turles (their actual encounter), the Z Fighters vs Broly, also and I know some people will slam their keyboard to hear this, but I honestly feel it would be awesome to fight in some of the fights that happened in GT, like SSJ 4 goku and vegeta/gogeta vs Omega shenron, and Baby vs goku. Although I was also thinking of things even further back, like fights bardock had, maybe even go as far as to fight the RR army with the DB cast. So many small but important events got left out of this game and that did make me a little upset that they aren't in the game yet.Another topic is the voices, they are pretty nice but they don't share much emotion, and some just get words so wrong you are left kind of mad and kind of confused on how the hell your character just said that. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not in one of the voices I use to use for my main character, during the cutscene you destroy fused Mira, my guy said this I can't be more serios ""Kamuhamuha""... what?! That is not how you say Kamehameha! Also as I said, the voices have close to no feeling, some are just boring some are kind of emotional, and others just make your guy/girl sound like an idiot.One thing that does plague this game just a bit is useless transformations, especially with saiyans (Super vegeta, Future super saiyan, ect.). Honestly one thing I'd love to see is those removed and replaced with more of an option or set of options to how you want your super saiyan, then make the second saiyan only form Great ape. Although, another thing is that the other races honestly need a little love, I don't think all buu's turn into a small what looks like a majin buu that was thrown out during toriyama trying to create kid buu.Multiplayer lag and hit boxes: Oh no here we go, now in this game if you like to do 1v1, be careful you have a very good PC, because in pvp, if one person lags out, everyone else lags out. This is a problem I hope is fixed in the near future, and hit detection, sometimes even offline it is not really good, the male saiyan heavy attack Z vanish kick after the light combo I've noticed espicially loves to miss. Again hopefully the hit boxes are fixed in the near future as well.That's all the cons and wants I can think about, here are some pro's,The storymode is fairly decent, covers a decent amount of historical battles and has some pretty good fights.The parallel quests and expert missions are a ood pastime and a good way to earn XP if you are boredMultiplayer lobbies loose connection but the luck of this happening can be very slim to none (Depends on your computer too)PVP is fairly fun long as you don't get any combo freaks or cheatersIt does take a lot of practice and actually training yourself as well as your character to be good at the gameThe practice missions with eldar kai/your mentore actually help you learn how to do some thingsVast selections of clothes, ki and melee specials, and ultimate attacks to choose fromVery fast action and almost always intense gameplay (Unless you finished everything in the game in that case more power to you).Alright thats all I can think of, again I hope the devs do see this review so maybe the things I've said that they can agree on may somehow be entered into the game. In general the game is fantastic, some connection and detection problems here and there but other than that nothing extremely game breaking. Which is why I do recomend this game."
76561197973791939,Recommended,454650,29808453,Posted: 9 February,all,Kaos,Good fun and waste of time if you like doing things over and over again. Better with friends!
76561198183705081,Recommended,454650,29764687,Posted: 7 February,all,[Cappo]corythereaper,Ok ive finaly decided to make this reviw overall this is an awsome game to many ppl complain about it but i get why for i have a group of freands i play with some of them are realy good but this game is not perfect without my group of freands id play this less but thankfully i have these freands so overall this game i a 9/10
76561198130015842,Recommended,454650,29772982,Posted: 7 February,all,Heartaches,"The game is very good and very entertaining. But like with every game it has its good points and its flaws. Here are some laid out so you can know some of what to expect before you get into the game.[Some of the Flaws?]- Online mode for the most part is dead unless event raids appear. Sure, in the online public lobby a lot of players are present depending on the time of day, but most of those players aren't interacting with the online aspect of the game. So expect to be doing the majority of the online optional missions by yourself unless you play with a friend. If you're in it for the PVP don't get your hopes up. There are a lot of improvements to be made to the PVP system.- Every now and then the game will crash while scrolling through menus. What causes this? I'm unsure. But it seems to be consistent across reviews and bug complaints. Mind you, this probably won't occur often enough to interfere with actual game play. But do be wary as it can happen.- You can't type in-game. Written communication is done via fixed chat where you're given a set amount of predetermined phrases to say, such as ""Hello"" and ""Recruiting for Expert Missions"" and everything else is done via voice communication through use of a microphone.- The wishes you can make to Shenron are lackluster at best and they don't give the feeling that you need to make this wish. The various wishes you can make that don't help you 100% the game could be done in a faster amount of time than trying to grind for the Dragon Balls.Here are a few examples to prove my point.Want to wish for Zenni?  You can get a lot of Zenni and fast just by selling various items that commonly drop or doing missions. It takes about an hour or 2 on average (depending on RNG) to grind for all 7 Dragon Balls just to make a wish for 500,000 Zenni, while during that grind for the Dragon Balls you get items such as Hercule's Badge (Common, Rare, Super Rare, Legend) which can be sold for a huge sum of Zenni in any shop allowing you to potentially rake in 1 million Zenni in under that of 1 or 2 hours.Want to wish for a free level up? The grinding in this game isn't difficult. You don't need to invest much time in the game to level up. You'd actually be wasting more time grinding for the Dragon Balls to make the wish to level up once than actually doing missions to level up.[Some of the Positives?]- The customization options for your custom character is pretty good. There are a lot of options to be explored in the custom menu and you can do a variety of things to your character to make it stand out.- The story is great and unique compared to a lot DBZ games out there. If you're like me and have played a lot of DBZ games you'd quickly notice the reoccurring trend of diving into the same story that was presented in the anime over and over. It gets pretty boring after awhile, constantly experiencing the same story. Xenoverse 2 does the story a little differently. While you do go through the same events that happened in the anime there are nice twists given to them, which opens up a whole new experience not really seen before in any DBZ game.- The combat is smooth, fast and fluent. You feel like you're controlling your character and the controls aren't convoluted. The game is very fast-paced so it's easy to get involved quickly.- The character roster is HUGE. And since the game is still relatively new it's still updating with DLC, allowing for more characters to be added.- At the time, there isn't a complete English dub for Super. Xenoverse 2 is the only place (as far as I'm aware) where you can hear the English VA's for new Super characters such as Cabba, Black, Hit, etc.- The game isn't grindy. Sure grinding exists, but it's not to an extent where you spend the whole day attempting to get one thing. The leveling system is also very fast as well. The only time when leveling might start to feel slow is when you reach lvl 83. But cap is currently lvl 85 so it's not really a big deal.-The game has very nice anime cinematic cut scenes. They accurately resemble the anime itself and you feel like you're actually watching the show.[Various miscellaneous small things that most people probably wouldn't mind, but are still present.]1.) There aren't any options for custom Saiyans to have tails.2.) The Frost Demon race has a Golden form, but Saiyans don't have a Godform much less a Super Saiyan 4 form. This might be added in the future seeing as the game is still young, but who knows.3.) Upon going Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan 2 the custom Saiyan's hairstyle will not change in appearance from base form. It will just turn blonde and you will don the classic yellow aura (aura lightning starting at Super Saiyan 2). Upon going Super Saiyan 3 the hair will change, but every custom Saiyan has the same Super Saiyan 3 wig. So every custom Saiyan will look the same upon going Super Saiyan 3.4.) Black is pre-order exclusive. You didn't pre-order? You lucked out and you're unable to use him unless there is an update in the future that says differently.Overall I'd give this game an 8/10."
76561198117157759,Recommended,454650,29792936,Posted: 8 February,all,SirWambus,"What can I say? It's a Dragon Ball game, and you get to wreck all who stand in your path in a major way.But I only barely recommend this game because it lacks so much polish.There are a lot, and I mean A LOT of dialogue quirks. So much dialogue doesn't match the subtitles that it's almost laughable. There's one part in particular where two voice clips were swapped entirely in the main story, leading to some head scratching on my part.Some moves will just not work, even in the tutorial missions for those moves, and I had a tutorial mission where my instructor always messed up his move and I got stuck.In the expert missions, when you have to repel a giant ki blast, sometimes said blast will be fired out of bounds, leaving you stuck because it never actually ""hits.""As far as the story goes... it's a mess. There are inconsistencies and plot holes all over the darn place. The dialogue is uninspired, usually repetitive and childish. The story only shines where it does the original DBZ story justice, which it does really, really well, but nothing about this game's story by itself was memorable or groundbreaking.And while this may not be worth mentioning because the game's nature made it so it had to be this way, but the escalation of enemies' power in the story mode was very underwhelming. The difference in enemies' power in the anime was staggering, as they became exponentially tougher, but in this game, well, you can hold off SSGSS Goku with... Hercule.... Just let that sink in....And I don't play multiplayer much, but many other reviewers are saying that there's a lot of cheating about, and I'm not a fan of that if it's true.Despite the above issues, it's a really fun fast-paced fighter with a whole bunch of stuff to do. And I know it's the norm nowadays for full-price games to lack polish like this game does, but to me, it's still unexcusable for this game and all others. I regret buying this game at full price, so try to grab it on sale.And don't even look at the special edition or season pass. They should focus on the core game before adding anything, and I almost find it offensive that they want more money for such nonsense as those offer."
,Recommended,454650,29744313,Posted: 6 February,all,FormerFistingMachine,I love it!!!
,Recommended,454650,31016528,Posted: 8 April,all,abethekilla,to cool for school
76561198181123134,Not Recommended,454650,29601927,Posted: 31 January,all,Manko For Dinner,"Good game love it but what is up with those ♥♥♥♥tards kicking people out from a match are you just so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid that you can't a private server if you looking for gods to join your match, I would'nt kick someone because they are terrible maybe internet connection problem well that is an issue for sure but other than that get your head out of your♥♥♥♥♥you don't get paid to play this game or neither get anything benificial from it. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing game  dumbasses but overrall fantastic game."
76561198061351547,Recommended,454650,29606639,Posted: 31 January,all,GoldburnHearts,I Love This game
76561198295505072,Recommended,454650,29580108,Posted: 29 January,all,✯Sloth✯™ | csgobounty.com,"Just got the game and so far I think the storyline is great. It's pretty much the same storyline has the first, but there are new character that make it that more exciting. I would give it 10/10. Really good game!"
76561198321039611,Recommended,454650,29603470,Posted: 31 January,all,Dr. Mantis Tobaggan,"Customization 8/10 - Practically fully customizable, gear doesn't necessarily matter in terms of stats, I just wanted to make my character look cool.Story 6/10 -  Not much has changed from the previous title, but added some stuff from the new movies Battle of Gods and Resurrection F and Dragon Ball SuperCombat 8.5/10 - Easy to control (Used Xbox One controller), can get repetitive but there are plenty of skills and Super/Ultimate attacks to choose from that fit your playstyle.Graphics 8/10 - About the same as previous DBZ games. It's not hard to mess up anime characters and maps. Cutscenes were pretty good except English voices were not synced up to the mouth.Side Content 8/10 - Plenty of Parallel Quests, Expert Missions, Offline and Online Battles (no experience with Online)Online ?/10 - I cannot really rate the online aspect since I barely used it, but when I tried to create a lobby or join for a mission I didn't get any matches.  I wasn't bothered since you can do virtually everything without other players.Overall 7-8/10 Would recommend to any Dragon Ball Z/Super fan or fans of fighters."
,Recommended,454650,26366450,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,LewdChan™,"11/10 game, rly fun with teh new mechs"
,Recommended,454650,29479763,Posted: 25 January,all,Acidloe,"Good gameplay and plenty to do afterwards as well. A little laggy on the laptop, but that is probably not a problem for anyone with a gaming computer. Love the fan-service in this as well, lots of items and costumes even going back to the Dragon Ball era. Got bored of my hairstyle so my first wish to Shenron was to change my appearance! Little disappointing that Saiyajin don't have tails unless you wear the Saiyajin armor.... but I soon got over it.All in all, awesome game, still getting to the set up of more than one character."
,Recommended,454650,29402286,Posted: 21 January,all,SatanistAtheist,im supossed to be playing dbxv2 but this one cutscene keeps crashing me
,Recommended,454650,29838345,Posted: 10 February,all,Gorguyzz,not good and not bad6.5/10
,Recommended,454650,31029048,Posted: 8 April,all,etl0g,"If you enjoyed Dragon Ball Xenoverse, this is the perfect follow up to a great original game, as well as a wonderful way to get into the DBZ story without having to have watched the entire anime.Every aspect of the first Xenoverse game is taken and expanded upon and it really shows from the deeper character customisation, longer campaign and parallel quest and many easter eggs thrown in also!This is a must buy for any Dragon Ball fan!"
76561198316626250,Recommended,454650,29886037,Posted: 12 February,all,otakuking3,awesome game do kind of hard bu over all a good game not the less i recomend it if you like the anime and manga
76561198122519096,Recommended,454650,31072743,Posted: 10 April,all,Utleyfan,"If you never played Xenoverse 1, this is basically the same thing but with a better storyline than the previous and much more to do. Although, online is pretty lame since the online community is pretty dead except for maybe doing expert missions where you go as a team with 6 other players to defeat an ai opponent, which can be pretty difficult, but there isnt alot of 1v1 matches."
,Not Recommended,454650,28332718,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Xenosis,"Im going to make this quick.Xenoverse 2 is better then Xenoverse 1 but has some issues and bugs that really bring the game down.The only one I will bring up here is the one I really care about:The ony thing that transfers between characters is moves, unlike in Xenoverse 1 where anything you unlocked or did was also applied to your other characters. Xenoverse 2 is not exactly a game I want to play through 8 times."
76561198067613385,Recommended,454650,26252728,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Petroleumjelly,"First of all I preordered and I don't have Goku Black. Second, the character I selected to transfer didn't transfer...It picked a different character so none of the things I wanted to transfer transfered. I hope this gets fixed...The game itself is a lot of fun though"
76561198281000609,Recommended,454650,26261540,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Odins Bastard,"Plays well, looks good, nice game...However after playing for roughly 40 minutes xenoverse crashed (after beating a yamcha training mission) and locked up my pc. My PC is pretty powerful and runs anything out at the moment, so i can only assume this is a  game breaking glitch that should have really been sorted out before releasing to the public. I expect a patch soon as this was £60 i paid for the deluxe, or else i may go for a refund...Anyone heard anything about a quick patch? Needs sorting asap its broken - I will change my review to recommend if this issue gets sorted as it pains me to hate on a dbz game.Edit: Okay, seems the patch sorted things out. I dont get any crashes any more and the game runs smooth and well. My goku black unlocked at some stage not sure when, and so did my future trunks. All in all, i have no complaints anymore as thigns have been ironed out, it seems.Recommended highly if your a fan, it really is a great game, couple of bugs here and there though, pretty sure Bardocks super doesnt really work"
,Recommended,454650,26269172,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,KrosS,Lets give it a shot after all it is dragon ball.
,Not Recommended,454650,26298280,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Thomas Clancy,Ill fix my review when they fix the bugs
,Not Recommended,454650,30135206,Posted: 23 February,all,The Knife Kitty,"::FATAL ERROR::Failed to initliase Steamhttps://gyazo.com/ff6a43ae3cb3c0fbf2aac47b16f062a4?token=2b083eb44e6a732adea9d3a01df54115Have psoted on message boards and steam forum. No fix yet. IT's no VcRedist, it's not firewall or Administrator blocking, and it's not cause of bad install.I've tried evrything, and I cant even turn the damn thing on. Not even offline."
76561198166645818,Recommended,454650,30235645,Posted: 27 February,all,sonicstar64,Finally! I've been waiting to play as Goku Black for a long time.
76561198105777534,Recommended,454650,31386301,Posted: 26 April,all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,I do not understand why the ratings for this are lower than that of xenoverse 1 by this much.
76561198073100181,Not Recommended,454650,26411116,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Naregatzi,"Xenoverse1 V.s Xenoverse2Combat: 5/10       7/10Story: 4/10           5/10Music: 2/10           8/10(no thanks to Steve Aoki)Pvp: 4/10              6/10(If you join ranked, and your opponent is a Namek, GG)Edit: Its been months I haent been able to access online play, and the game crashes, and there is infinite loading. Pure garbage of a game. Not worth the money and time.This game surely feels like its a improvement over the last one. That said, its more than a good enough reason to buy it for a DB fan.*But beware PvP is cancerous. You will join a ranked match, it will be a Namek that pre-chose world tournament stage and is planning on ""turning gaint"" and destroying you in 30 seconds. Or maybe a Human that has equipped all the Towa/Mirra unavoidable super and ultimate attacks, so he just sits there and spams abilities as you helplessly die. And these are the kinds of people that are on top of the PvP lists. These people can go♥♥♥♥♥themselves."
,Recommended,454650,31380837,Posted: 26 April,all,The Dawg,The one thing stopping this from being the best game steam has to offer is that male majins cannot be super buu type only fat type
,Recommended,454650,31395915,Posted: 27 April,all,Shisui Uchiha,The price is a bit high you think right? but actually its super cheap for such a good game! ^^
,Recommended,454650,32211104,Posted: 5 June,all,Winds Howling,"I would recommend this game if you can get it on sale, as I did during the Holidays. The game is fun overall, but it can wear itself out as it's barely any different from Xenoverse 1 with dry content and repetitive combat. The servers are also a little lack luster and the online play is basically dead."
,Recommended,454650,31897766,Posted: 22 May,all,xXMasterJ360Xx,Bought this game under the Steam Summer Sale for $25 with a 50% reduction in regular pricing.This was a steal offer in my book and thought this was good enough of a positive review as I see this game more as an expansion to the 1st Xenoverse adding little content/fixes towards Dragon Ball Super. Its always a hard pill to swallow buying a clone game at $50-$60 just for a few new playable characters. However the summer sale has justified my patience on this. I recommend this game at its sale price get it while you can offer ends today as in 8hrs after my review
76561198127499158,Recommended,454650,31906460,Posted: 22 May,all,wendy super saiyan rose,love the game and all but still need to fix lag
76561198389816476,Recommended,454650,31903286,Posted: 22 May,all,saifowahsh,best game ever in the history of namek and freizas stoooopoud army
,Recommended,454650,31887269,Posted: 21 May,all,itsACoppa,"Take everything you hated about the first Dragon Ball Xenoverse and it's basically gone. The RNG has been reduced by about 90%, improved character roster so that you have more people to smack up, everything you can think of has been significantly improved. Mastapiece 8/10"
,Recommended,454650,31889594,Posted: 21 May,all,MT_revon28,"I played the first one and loved it, the same goes for the sequel. It may be a copy and paste of the dirst game, but the developers did a very good job at fixing previous problems from Xenoverse 1. Lots to do."
,Not Recommended,454650,31903199,Posted: 22 May,all,LeftyCretin,"Im almost always a fan of any form of DBZ media, I've played many of the games, watched the anime, movies and even read some of the mangas, this is truly a franchise that helped a whole generation to grow, althought, I got a say this game isn't what i expected at all, i really wanted it to be my new favourite game, the one in which i spent countless hours and such, sadly it is not, that being said, it actually is a good game, i got really inmerse into the customization options for your avatar, really liked the controls and fighting mechanics i got to admit that i even cried in a part of the story...again, but to some extend feels hollow, i never really got which was its genre...well, its a fighting game, but i never got how to play with a character other than my avatar until way into the story, would've been nice to have an arcade or VS option in the main menu, you know, like EVERY OTHER FIGHTING GAME, the fighting mechanics while amazing get nulified once the dificulty goes up, this is one of those games that gives AI more HP and allows it to cheat in order to achieve the sensation of dificulty, worst thing is, i dont think it even succeed it this last part because i got to level 60 in just day and a half, it just makes the game tedious, when you get trapped in an enemy's combo makes almos imposible for you to respond for your cooldown is minimized and the time your character spends unconcious is gigantic, seriously, i counted 45 seconds, i smashed every boton and combination available and the character would just lay there while the AI was just creeping around, so, to end my worthless rant, i will say DBX2 is a really good and beautiful game almost took to sh*t for some tiny details, if you want to feel the DBZ experience i would say this is THE game....buy it when low priced.P.S. The story SUCKS, i know the game got prized for ""its imaginative ways to inject you into the story"" but i just think is BS, i think they could've done better in this department....in many departments"
,Recommended,454650,31962586,Posted: 25 May,all,MaxGamer1207YT,okkkkkkkkkkkkk
,Not Recommended,454650,31967130,Posted: 26 May,all,Sarn,"I'll save you time reading this, Like majority have said ""if your a true DBZ fan its worth if you buy it on sell (50% minimum) id say its an average game. If ur reading this defiantly wait for it to go on sell im sure X3 will come out soon anyways. Conclusion of game at the bottom.1. Typical DB game, live through every story line like any other game except after beating boss u beat them a second time. Cuz why not?2. It was pretty disappointing with the fights in campaign, i didnt bother to check the dificulty it was preset too since it used star ranking difficulty (1-7), but when u can literally do the same combos over and over and over to defeat every fight and predict the computer movements it gets boring rather quickly for a $60 game in the year 2016-2017.^ there were only 3 fights that grabbed my interest. Which involved a 1v3 where u literally get 3-4 hits in on ur target before the others blast or smack you repeatedly (really annoying when trying to win, but impressive movement for bots, makes you wonder why your Com bots cant work together like that) and the last fight where boss spams ulti's (also annoying cuz it takes no skill to spam an ability no one can interupt). Otherwise 1v1? Ez no matter the difficutly. spam punch, they teleport u teleport, spam punch, break guard, super move or punch again. Rinse and repeat. Giant monkies? spam super move (kamehameha) from a distance gg.3. Transformations? really cool at first especially with the different races... and then you look a little further into it. You cant go super saiyan god. This one really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Spoiler: You beat vegeta regular form while hes super saiyan, he then acknowledges that you have so much strength yet cant go super saiyan so he teaches you. K u now get upto super saiyan 3 based off ki (great idea btw instead of it taking skill sets away) Heres a kicker tho, he challenges you again goes super saiyan god on you and yet u defeat him in SS3. Its really laughable. SS3 good enough to beat gods (you'll see).With that, Majin's only transform into Kid buu... Ya forget character uniquness everyone looks like kid buu.Super saiyans? hi yellow hair. no spikyness tho just bland yellow till SS3 then everyone gets SS3 goku hair.Namekians huray get to be bigger? cool... at least they get something?Frieza Race? <-- thats a kicker btw always refered to as ""frieza race"" never an actual race. Anyways i like this one everyone gets to be Golden, legit makes sense. BUT forget about any transformation in between. How does that make sense, Super saiyans get multiple Saiyans and yet frieza race out of all the races gets only golden... LAZY ALL AROUND.4. Campaign: for a first time Xenoverse player in general story line wasnt bad, then i started doing research on the original. Its basically a copy and paste job with smoother/better graphics. Really disappointing. English doesnt even line up with the mouth movement on the basic cut scenes (again LAZY). No doubt X3 will be another duplicate.5. Characters share the same loot, money, dragon balls. And yet when you try to do a quest with a new custom character all the characters (com) you unlocked through campaign on original custom character are locked. Stupid. Nothing more to say.Conclusion: Overall i was pretty happy with the game for $25 it was defiatnly worth. Just dont look into it like i did and keep it basic. Youll enjoy the game with no complaints. Defiantly not worth $60 though, even when first released in 2016. Unless ur just a true fan of DBZ and enjoy the same game thats been released countless times before it, I wouldnt recommend buying this game. Still mad you cant go Super Saiyan God. Makes no sense why you cant especially with golden form frieza race running around everywhere."
76561198031524496,Recommended,454650,31981059,Posted: 26 May,all,Biracial Angel,"This review is coming from someone who went into this game with no knowledge of Dragon Ball Universe. This game is pretty good. The character customization is indepth, with many visual choices.  There are also 5 races that start off very differently and can fit with most play styles. The combat is fun, with many different skills. My only real complaint is the unreliability of the multiplayer. It works, but when it does not it can randomly kick people, shut down lobbies or just disconnect from Xenoverse entirely. But even so, I would still recommend this game as it is an extremely fun time."
,Recommended,454650,31971263,Posted: 26 May,all,Kairasam,"As a HUGE fan of Dragon Ball for now at least 11 years, I've always wanted a game like this. Create your own character and evolving with the characters you felt in love with. This game is far more forgiving than the prequel and the graphics are GORGEOUS !! Good fighting game and a pleasure for the fan service !"
76561198185386166,Recommended,454650,31910463,Posted: 22 May,all,Spideyhawk1,It's super fun
,Recommended,454650,31984332,Posted: 26 May,all,K8TA,"Absolutely fun to play. If you're a Dragon Ball fan, this game would satisfy your interest. Y'all need to hop on this!"
,Recommended,454650,31990368,Posted: 27 May,all,ThatDirty™,This is my first dragonball game but not my first fighting game. the game looks really clean on my rig and the controls are smooth asf. phatty combos are really satisfying. 10/10 reccomend for a time waster.
76561198140449911,Not Recommended,454650,31964775,Posted: 25 May,all,Momo,Peer-to-Peer in this game is HORRID most of the time. The connection between me and my friend who lives next door sucks both with good internet. I crash frequently after verifying game files and reinstalling. DLC is pretty good the characters are cool and the combat is actually fun. I just dont get enjoyment out of this game anymore with all the connection problems. Please fix this.
76561198083107950,Recommended,454650,29479145,Posted: 25 January,all,PurplePanda,"Really fun game, some problems but not any game breaking ones, great roster, good story, quests are fun, deep combat system very fun overall."
,Recommended,454650,32007848,Posted: 27 May,all,AJcortez,If you are a fan of  Dragon Ball Anime I am sure you will enjoy playing this game.
,Recommended,454650,31945661,Posted: 24 May,all,Alex,"Great game, truly a big fan but where is the 21:9 support?? Please add it as it's annoying playing with two black bars either side of my display. All in all it's a decent game, would be almost perfect if they added ""Super Saiyan Blue"" for the Saiyan Time Patroller.PLEASE add 21:9 support for us, thanks."
76561198141041384,Not Recommended,454650,31992530,Posted: 27 May,all,Roy The 53rd,Really feels to much like the first game only with a bit improvments
76561198120450019,Recommended,454650,31995301,Posted: 27 May,all,Cpt Procrastinate,"Amazing game, great sequel to the first."
,Recommended,454650,31829257,Posted: 18 May,all,Kuzhara,"So, let me start out with the fact that this is only my second itteration into the Dragon Ball game series; my first was The Legend of Goku on GBA (which was grindy, and rather short, but I enjoyed it), anyway I digress. Why didn't I get the first Xenoverse? I really wanted to, believe me, but it was a question of money at the time. So I decided to pick up Xenoverse 2 when I could. What can I say? I love this game. I have never played a game quite like it. The combat moves fluidly, combos are fun to use, multiplayer features are quite fun, etc. I don't *feel* like you would kill your hands playing this game, and this is coming from someone that's not used to button mashing.I haven't played too much of this game, but from what I can tell, it's an enjoyable experience to be had. Especially if you're a Dragon Ball fan."
,Recommended,454650,26329625,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Skysect,"This game is even better than first game.Improved nearly all aspects of first game and also expanded it.They added much more character customization and much more quests to do.All of the quest types gives EXP now.There is freedom of the choice.I didn't grind with same quest unlike first game.Combat system is tons better than first game.Many of the quests are same with first game but I didn't find that weird.Many JRPG games using same or similar system with that in nowadays.New items, new equipments and transformations; everything is much better now.And it feels much more complete.I know there are some bugs at the launch but I am sure they will fix them soon.Also don't forget DLCs, another big chunk of the game (probably half of it) coming with DLCs.So I am really excited and can't wait for it.Don't be fooled by my play time. I got it for PS4 too.And I am generally playing on PS4 because my PC can't handle it at max settings.I am getting 45+ at max settings if I choose to play at PC but why I need to choose it ?I must play it with 60 FPS and bigger screen, so I am going with PS4 version.At the end of the day this game deserves every single penny I spent on it."
76561198034546339,Recommended,454650,31895036,Posted: 21 May,all,Willam M. Buttlicker,I only know the events from the abriged verson on youtube. But god ♥♥♥♥ing lord am Hooked on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just took a break from playing this game all day to write this review. Even if you havent watched the show this is a fun mmo fighting game.
76561198094348220,Recommended,454650,32400451,Posted: 13 June,all,SEND BOBS,Really fun game and LOTS of content.
,Recommended,454650,32386246,Posted: 13 June,all,ELZAIN,Really like this game. Better with friends.
,Recommended,454650,32421548,Posted: 14 June,all,HASANVIEW,"As a dragon ball fan this game is exactly what I wanted, it's a dream come true for dragon ball fans, if you like the anime you're gonna love this no doubt, combat is nice, graphics amazing, story is okay not that impressive, but its all about online multiplayer, especially when the raid boss apprears its alot of fun with other people. One thing I would love is more customization option for every race, I know they can do ALOT better for the customization. Other than that, very nice game 8/10"
76561198372602131,Recommended,454650,32433919,Posted: 15 June,all,Chickensegun,Best dragon ball game since well ages
,Recommended,454650,32423448,Posted: 14 June,all,Tyrranis,"It's a decent third-person RPG brawler. The fact that its' also pure Dragonball Z fanservice is just icing on the cake.Also has full support for Dualshock 4 controllers, which is another plus."
,Recommended,454650,32424506,Posted: 14 June,all,Captain Rosé,Everything from the storyline to the fighting mechanics is just good.
76561198113423898,Recommended,454650,32495519,Posted: 16 June,all,~MusicLover98~,Awesome game. Really loved it and I don't regret buying it at all
,Recommended,454650,33720720,Posted: 22 July,all,Cockus Maximus,"it's xenoverse 1, but better. main story is shorter, but you now have many side activities."
76561198002833566,Recommended,454650,33783265,Posted: 25 July,all,MasterGamerBoy,"a great game for those who want to punch and kick and blast their way to the end, forever adapting to the difficult levels and having fun kicking the butts of everyone, from appule to the god of destruction himself.... and maybe even beyond that. in a nutshell; perfect for the violent leveller, who goes in fighting... with a mushroom on his head."
76561198101068803,Recommended,454650,33780178,Posted: 24 July,all,Jacket,"Xenoverse 2: Full ReviewLet me first start off by saying that my game time is around 200 hours because some of it was spent offline due to loss of internet. With that out of the way I would also like to point out that the DLC's aren't necessary but they do add some nice content.Pros:-Everything from the first game only better.-Updated character customization offering extra options.-Updated races, they now each have a unique transformation (awoken skill) which they lacked in the previous installment.-Larger conton city and more convenient store access.-You can also now get some ""Side quests"" from npc's.-If the added parallel quests and story quests aren't enough for you then there are also expert missions which you can take part in.-Finally I can give you a whole lot more information about character specifics and what makes each of them great (except namekian because nothing makes them great in my opinion) but I don't want to write a novel here.Cons:-Online lobby can sometimes be laggy-Matchmaking is still an issue due to different pings and lag compensation which still doesn't work. I had a friend sitting right next to me connected to my lobby and he still lagged despite me having good internet and him being connected to the same network.-AI takes a random spike in expert missions going from ""hard"" to just frustrating. I like a challenge, but being one shotted by a move you can't dodge isn't a challenge.-Some characters are missing transformations that are essential to the story. (Zarbon, Frieza, Cell etc.)-Some modders do a better job with some ""equipment items"" than the actual developers. Saiyan tails are not only better from the modders, they aren't static.-Some transformations are now useless or ""broken"" to use which is a shame.-Some races are properly balanced while others are complete garbage (Im talking about you namekian). Saiyans have the most customization options allowing you to equipt 90% of all the available equipment but super saiyan 3 is broken now. Majins are lots of fun but there is a divide in the community whether the ""pure form"" is good or not. Humans are the most balanced so far but lets be honest who plays a dbz game to be human. Frieza race has gold form which is just a pallet swap on standard form, with the added bonus of speed and faster ki blasts which makes them good long range but kind of meh and sucky close range.TL:DR  Overall it is a great game to own. Lots of fun and lots of good times to be had, but like any game it comes with its issues. Its up to you to decide whether those issues make it worth it.Final verdict 8/10."
,Recommended,454650,33771491,Posted: 24 July,all,Vristzメ,Nice game!
76561198367951625,Recommended,454650,33725707,Posted: 22 July,all,Meister.CSGO500.COM,i like the game alot and its fun for all dragon ball z fans but only what i hate they not update the game u have 2 buy the dlc packs the game is already 50$ and then u have 2 pay like another 37$  and thats what i hate if u dont have enough money this game a little bit boring but i like it if u could update the game more just for no money it could be one of the best rpg games in the world
,Recommended,454650,33647470,Posted: 19 July,all,Rocket-Bot,"I got this game when it was on sale, when the deluxe version was cheaper than the normal version not on sale.Anyhow, it was a pretty good experience, the story mode was fun, and didn't feel like a chore. The fighting system is pretty cool, its like how they fight in the anime. The DLC missions were pretty fun, I had trouble on the Zamasu one, it took me hours to beat it, maybe because I was level 60, and it said I needed to be level 90 or something.Post game was fun too, a little bit of a chore but I liked going through the missions to get the distorted time eggs.I like the fighting system compared to Xenoverse 1, in that game I had a cheap infinite combo which always worked on the CPU. In this game they used their evasive skills more, you can't combo them for free anymore.Only gripe I had about this game was a glitch with alt-tabbing, You see whenever I did it the game could constantly hold down the ctrl input. So whenever I pressed R, it would bring up run and ect. Sometimes I fixed it by opening Xenoverse 2 up again then unplugging and re-plugging my keyboard, but the most recent time it happened I just restarted my computer. I think it was a problem with my controller drivers, which I didn't use at all during my playthrough.I wish they did more with the movie characters, they were just basically extra characters you had to fight."
76561198025200657,Recommended,454650,26412265,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dzaka,i'll continue to give this a thumbs down till the game is fixed to a playable state. my system is more than capable to run the game based on the recommended settings. yet i get constant framerate issues. crashe's freezes and other issues.. stay away till its fixedEdit: finally gave it another try and woot. finally working as it should so yeah.. get this.. get this now
,Recommended,454650,33713383,Posted: 21 July,all,BonkWhale,Great game with great story plus tons of extra stuff to do. I highly recomend.
76561198124373866,Recommended,454650,32660179,Posted: 22 June,all,evilmunki210,"Awesome game but keeps crashing while I play, need fix soon"
,Recommended,454650,33743620,Posted: 23 July,all,Matt,"Great modding community, base game is kind of lacking but the dlc is fixing that issue"
76561198116808066,Not Recommended,454650,33731141,Posted: 22 July,all,Daddy Andy,"Read this before buying, if you played Xenoverse 1 and though 2 would have you character play a HUGE part in the game now you'll be disappointed. If you thought they had good servers you will also be disappointed. If you dont like grinding for freaking hours to get a pair of ♥♥♥♥ing gloves you will also be disappointed since a good part of clothes are hidden in quests that gives you no way to know how to get it fully completed. My biggest complaint is the online play which sucks big namek dragon balls. You most likely will find a room to fight in, taking mostly 30 seconds but the connection is mostly god awful and you will be punched by someone punching air 5 miles from you, or someone will cheese the system and break your stamina while you can do nothing but spam a button to get up where MOST LIKELY instead of jumping up you will teleport behind the nearest enemy cause they put the thing at the same ♥♥♥♥ing button. Also I thought MAYBE I could just wait the combo out but no they can also just do a 2 punch 1 light energy blast combo that is endless and will probably stun lock you till you got 2 bars of stamina, which you will foolishly spend right away and then notice that they just turned around continuing the stupid beat down.I like the game because of my nostalgia for the good old DB and DBZ but first of ♥♥♥♥ing all there are way too few characters and way too many that shouldn't have been left out but is for waiting behind a dlc most likely in the future which is also behind a dlc funny enough. The story is fine nothing special to say the least but its what you expected I guess and the Goku black arc dlc is not too bad and they let themselves go a little crazy with the time things.All in all if there was another DB fighter game I would hope it was better and go for that, or maybe desperately go back to Budokai Tenkaichi 3. Atleast the blast looks better and more awesome fights, thats a thing as well the Kamehame ha's and stuff looks... Weird."
,Recommended,454650,33709588,Posted: 21 July,all,Fang3022,Only complaint is some of the camera angles. 9/10
,Recommended,454650,33734713,Posted: 22 July,all,✅3xpl0its,8/10
76561198051576164,Recommended,454650,33751887,Posted: 23 July,all,bronsor,you know
,Recommended,454650,33732802,Posted: 22 July,all,Clebaster,"Despite the small increase of chars, costumes, moves, and customization. The lackluster part is the one thing that i can't abide, reusing the main story from the previous game is absurd. The changes made to the moves do help balance, but many of the mainstays for every playstyle are baisically broken and not worth putting on your char unless you have no choice( looking at you victory rush worthless range for 3 ki bars). Finally there is the issue of the side ""games"" you have to do to progress through the story, on that i call JAPANIESE GRIND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!"
76561198126957956,Recommended,454650,33821944,Posted: 26 July,all,ΛƧЯIΣᄂ DЯΣΣMЦЯЯ,"Things you'll prolly need:-controller or a mouse with mouse 4 and 5 for ki blast (prolly the only game on steam i'd recommend a controller overkeyboard)-friends as the game can either get a little lonley and you have a lesser chance of running into cheaters (stay away fromranked)-A PC that can run Direct X11 (anything lower will not run)Note: although it is a good game it is overpriced and is probably best to get on sale, due to all the DLC and such being expensive all together (though there is a way around having the DLC characters without the DLC via modding this does not include parallel quest and DLC exclusive items)"
,Recommended,454650,33843254,Posted: 27 July,all,ΩMEGA.K,"My experiences with Xenoverse (the first game) were very mixed as I found the grind for decent skills or gear boring and obviously the RNG (or drop rate if you prefer) was pathetic. So only the most fortunate or dedicated of players could get what they wanted, thus the PvP scene suffered and PvE became repetitive (it still is but not as bad).Unlike the previous game there is massive improvement which makes the game considerably more fun and less of a chore. The RNG on skills and gear is much better, to the point a PQ/side mission need only be played once or twice to get what you need. This is a good thing because the second game introduces the 'QQ-Bang' which ups your stats, or lowers them, allowing you to wear whatever you want with no stat penalty (Though that feature is not without its risks).Instructors are easier to find and gain new skills from, Zeni is fairly useless, connectivity has improved (but booting still occurs), the main story is the same old yawn but with a tiny difference. Toki Toki city is gone and a new game hub has replaced it and I'd highly suggest exploring as there's a lot of hidden features (mostly gear/emotes).Essentially this is as close as we'll currently get to an RPG like DB game; roleplay as your favourite race but don't enter with the intention of playing it like a fighting game because it's not.TL;DR - Enough has changed that I'd say fans of the previous game should definitely play Xenoverse 2. New fans will see no difference and I would urge them to avoid the first game completely."
,Recommended,454650,31906420,Posted: 22 May,all,TygerSun,in game travel music is loud and can be a bit to much..
76561198340630270,Recommended,454650,33878950,Posted: 29 July,all,Lord Demonios,Best. Game. Ever. Keep it up with the DLCs!
76561198251617062,Recommended,454650,33914916,Posted: 30 July,all,Grapefruit,Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is a great game for Dragon ball fans. Also its a great game for non-Dragon Ball fans too. The story is about correcting any changes in Dragon Ball history. The story has a pretty good ending. I would rate this game 9.5/10 because of the story (in my opinion) could be a bit longer. Overall this a great game for any Dragon Ball and non-Dragon Ball fans.
76561198327762272,Recommended,454650,34180896,Posted: 11 August,all,maherdehan0051,good game
,Recommended,454650,34179244,Posted: 11 August,all,KingAlucard8652,"Good game, some latency errors somtimes, DLC 1 and 2 dont look to interesting..."
76561198102973162,Recommended,454650,34221835,Posted: 13 August,all,cheezy guy,a great game. i loved it a lot before i buyed it. recommanded.
76561198130077819,Recommended,454650,34467027,Posted: 24 August,all,CPT Edge,"It's a good game in my opinion, but it keeps crashing for some reason. So far I feel that it's because I alt tab out of the game time and time again, but it could be something else. Anyway I give this game a yes vote."
76561198067990007,Recommended,454650,35090746,Posted: 20 September,all,UltimatePotRoast,"So i picked this game up while on sale and note that i didn't play the first one but im just a big fan of DB. I saw the reviews on this aobut the connection was hesitant on picking it up. Though i tried anyways since refund is possible, and on my first time on it didnt connect to me servers. With that i just went on playig  it offline and i had a great time, the game is fun and i can see some issues here and there. The first issue is the bad lip syncing of the characters this problem will stay through out the game and you can hear at some instances where its synced fine. The camera can get a bit rough when you get near wall and the enemy just bashes you and you cant see your character. I only had one crash ever during my play time with this game so its safe to say crashes dont happen often. Grabbing is this game is really good and on occasion will spam grab you to ♥♥♥♥ up your day. I have yet remember how to grab so i just put grab drain move for grabbing though it is fairly slow. The Ai are fair enough for your level and having enough stamina and basic attack damage can help a ton unless you want to build for ki blasting which works.In the end i would recommend this game even if you havent played the first one get this."
76561198160342785,Recommended,454650,34884233,Posted: 11 September,all,Iambarman,"So i found the solution for a problem that I had with this game, no thanks to bandai namco but still, now my real thoughts about this game, I think it is awesome the idea of creating your own character that can be a namekian or sayain or a majin, etc. and using legendary moves like the kamehameha or the special beam cannon,  so basicallly this is an allright game with awesome fighting(not to mention landing a definitive attack feels awesome) but with a mediocre story, just like the show you love it for its awesomness but not for being clever, if you grew up with dragon ball z I think you are gonna like this game. 8/10 Not bad  but the story could have been better"
76561198076061275,Recommended,454650,34995929,Posted: 16 September,all,"Crazy, Lethal Duck",its an amazing game were you can have lots of fun fighting and fooling around if you whant to
,Recommended,454650,26261271,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ωHolyEvanω,Super Saiyan God Super Vegito is badass :p
76561198006574760,Recommended,454650,28455388,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xephin,"It took them a good while but they've ironed out most of the bugs.If you are looking at get into a fun fighter/rpg mix that's all about dragonball you've come to the right place. Make a character, learn the moves, beat up everything that stands in your way, get MORE MOVES! It sounds simple but the customization of specials really makes this a blast."
76561198314491027,Recommended,454650,34995299,Posted: 16 September,all,Phantom12,"It's stuck on the connecting screen nd i can't even get in the main menu if online.I play it quite a bit offline now,but if anyone knows how to fix that glitch,tell me.It's a really good game so far,loving the graphics,the fighting is pretty smooth.Again,if you know how to fix that glitch or its just the servers,tell me."
76561197976926493,Recommended,454650,34994400,Posted: 16 September,all,IceB4by bolt.gg gamdom.com,"This game is great, but when i start my game now it just keeps saying connecting so i can't play the game. :/"
,Recommended,454650,35002651,Posted: 16 September,all,Eiggy,"This is a really great game, the combat feels fast and strong. There are enough viable builds to keep you replaying, and it is just really fun overall. An all around improvement on the first game, which was really fun as well."
76561198076834666,Recommended,454650,35124378,Posted: 22 September,all,Alisaris,"I enjoyed the first game and I really enjoyed this one, this had alot of improvements, mostly quality of life stuff, but left me playing the DBZ game I had always really wanted.  I have a few complaints such as hair not changing anything but color when going into super saiyan, not including of two of friezas/cells forms, and buus ability to aborb people.  The wish system while extending the game is unique per character meaning unlocking all charcaters on each of your (up to 8) characters requires each to gather the dragonballs 3-4 times."
,Recommended,454650,35126465,Posted: 22 September,all,💞Melissa💕🐰,Super fun
,Recommended,454650,35138751,Posted: 22 September,all,fizzmelo,"Great game, I could play for hours. It has its pros, such as the fact that you can customize your own character, and it is highly addicting. This being said, it has its cons too. It is very hard to play it with a keyboard, so expect trouble if you don't have a spare controller to plug in. You can find many tutorials online on how to get a controller to work with steam. Also, I have encountered many bugs and glitches such as game-ending crashes, and forget using the steam overlay in game, it will mess up all your controls.  I remember one particularly unpleasant instance where after closing the game, my whole keyboard was messed up, several keys did not work or opened random things. Also theres just a few weird inconsistencies in the timeline, such as Great Saiyaman Gohan fighting Cell in a parallel quest, when Cell was actually killed when Gohan was a teenager. Overall, it is a great game, but it does have its negatives. I recommend waiting for a sale like I did."
,Recommended,454650,35192452,Posted: 24 September,all,Shredward,It runs well and is fun to play. Pick it up on sale because there is about 1500 players total on at any given time therefore not many people to play with. Singleplayer is worth a run through.
,Recommended,454650,35204382,Posted: 25 September,all,Shiyozushi,Best DBZ game so far
76561198253217969,Recommended,454650,35167768,Posted: 23 September,all,Planeteer,Better!
76561198411824130,Recommended,454650,35156713,Posted: 23 September,all,Mr. Bubbles,I really like this game I like how it has beat em up and open world. And the DLC adds to the fun too!
,Recommended,454650,35140486,Posted: 22 September,all,swaggyswan07,"It's just good, and it's anime"
76561198143060215,Recommended,454650,34472636,Posted: 24 August,all,NiggaKingo,This game is really fun for me. There's still some bugs that bug me in the game though. I never played the first game. The story is meh because it's dragon ball. Everyone knows what happens from the show and past games. Modding this game is super fun. I have over 200 modded characters in the game. It's so much fun customizing your own character as well.
,Recommended,454650,33930359,Posted: 31 July,all,NatGarbage,"It's DB:Xenoverse, but expanded in every way, with enough fantastic new features (like the new and greatly improved CaC) that keep the game fresh throughout, as well as streamlining the overall experience. Tons of replayability, all set in the beloved Dragon Ball universe. Can't recommend enough for fans of the first game, and for those who haven't played it, you'll be just fine starting with this one, you'll still get the full experience (minus importing a XV character, but that doesn't really affect the game). Check it out"
76561198397023722,Recommended,454650,34506183,Posted: 26 August,all,DarkSteel2077,"If you grew up playing Budokai Tenkaichi and prefer a classic fighter then this might not be for you. However if you like a. dragon ball and b. rpgs and making character builds then i would recommend this game. Why because I like games that make you choose a certain playstyle. For example Skyrim you can be a level 20 2 handed fighter and be like ""Oh, I think I want to be a wizard now."" Well you're not gonna do that with this cause theres a level cap. Not only the race you choose but also where you put your stats when you level up affect your character greatly when it comes to your strengths/weaknesses. For example if youre playing a saiyan putting points into health is pretty wasteful considering they naturally low health and if you max it it will still be considerably low. So you put it into ki blasts or stamina or something that race/gender is good at.Story wise its not much different from xenoverse 1 tbh. You go through pretty much all the same missions with some slight alterations so don't expect much there. If you want new story then do all the extra♥♥♥♥♥♥and/or buy the dlcs. They add a lot of playable characters/clothes/moves that are really useful, and are definitely worth the $30 for the eventual 5 total paid dlcs.Multiplayer wise this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!!! PVP is a load of fun to play but don't expect to win at first cuz theres people that basically live on this game. But it's a really rewarding experience to beat someone but they usually get all pissy so I'd turn your chat down/off if you don't want to hear their♥♥♥♥♥♥ World tournament is fun and the conditions are pretty cool to work with, and the raid missions are an absolute must.All in all this is a reall great game and you should definitely get if if you like dragon ball stuff"
76561198071282723,Not Recommended,454650,26252986,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bright.S.poop,"cant upload my character untill its fixed i will not play-------------------------------------------------------------------------------update a fan fix has been released, it took a bit of doing but i did it and now the game is playable. its more of the same, but the same was good. the combat is much more refined than xv1, the story is longer and it seems like more effort was put into it 8.5/10. would be a clone of my first time patroller with a scar as the only differance and make cutscenes awkward again.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------new update: it took a long time to get here attempting to play it, learn the mechanics, and coming back later... But this game is broken as ♥♥♥♥. Ai controlled enemy characters have an obscene advantage over you, all your attacks will either miss or they will dodge them and blocking is impossible. It seems like eneme's have the ability to do things you cant making all fights unfair. broken game 4/10"
76561198157363116,Recommended,454650,28260482,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Whis,Not enough people play. I can't play a single online quest on any map. It has been like this since the release of the game. If it weren't for that I would totally give it a 10/10.
76561198239829230,Recommended,454650,26268151,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,E.N.D,gOOD GAME
,Recommended,454650,34571932,Posted: 29 August,all,Chrome_y0,Very fun multiplayer :D
76561198288382540,Not Recommended,454650,34516111,Posted: 26 August,all,ImAMistake,"My opinion on this game is kinda balanced, so I can't say I recommend this game or not recommend it (I can't recommend it in it's current price). The game is fun but the input command system is completely broken and suck. Also, the combat system is also very simillar to Xenoveres 1's system, but a little better. other thing I'd remind here that's the very easy/weak difficulty bots are kinda broken, same as all the A.I system in the game (for example, the advancement test of god training rank is so easy that i didn't even got hit, or in PQ of 1 - 3 stars difficulty the bots preforming just guard evey 2nd hit I'm trying to land on them). Another bug which is preforms every time is the bot who preforms a Z-vanish appears in the same place they were at the momment they have preformed it, same as the player character does. From the other side, I can't complain about the story, lobby/city mechanics  which weren't in the first game, etc. Another bug I've just rememberred at is Bojack's challenge, which requires one piece of Bido's clothing, one piece of Bujin's ones and Bujin's turban. I have all what required in my bag and Bojack acting as the same as before.I'd give this game 7.5/10, it's more than fair enough to this game at it's current price (50 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars).And you also gave Mr. Satan (aka Hercule [seriousley this name is suck]) more health than Raditz, Nappa and Vegeta (together) have in the Saiyans saga, even he's way weaker then goku in the very start of the original series (the original Dragon Ball series). Or maybe even weaker than goku as baby."
76561198344254476,Recommended,454650,34729419,Posted: 4 September,all,anthony.esquivias1,It's amazing plus mods it becomes the best game ever but in my opinion you don't have to agree but the game is awesome
76561198380185237,Recommended,454650,31899762,Posted: 22 May,all,Rose Goku Black,"Great game!  I have it for console.  I recommend this game.  If you don't have Converse 1, xenoverse 2 will not completely make sense."
76561198400365653,Recommended,454650,34745745,Posted: 4 September,all,NewIrishMafia,Great game all around.
,Recommended,454650,34622207,Posted: 30 August,all,Croatian Commando,i dont even watch the show but its fun shooting lasers and♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066615973,Recommended,454650,35075478,Posted: 19 September,all,Arkreiner,"My first DBZ game in 8 years so i found the game very fun and enjoyable. very cool system to learn moves from characters, i.e you learn Double Sunday from Raditz. get to make a character and choose from different races. when going super sayian you can go straight to SS3 ou donthave to go through each one.I have not beaten the game so i wont give it a score out of 10 yet..."
,Recommended,454650,35069705,Posted: 19 September,all,Ggiilgimesh The Violator,"Personally, I love it, yes there are a few bugs & glitches, but its a good game overall. However you need to be a fan of the show to really enjoy this game."
76561198254163666,Not Recommended,454650,35132213,Posted: 22 September,all,♕GoldyRifle♕,Do NOT BUY this♥♥♥♥♥♥ crahses too often in good situations.
,Not Recommended,454650,35170887,Posted: 23 September,all,phionex,"had no issues when I first downloaded it and started it, then it wouldn't load past the intro video, eventually got it to work then the next day I went to start the game same problem atlas the fix to disable beta in steam was no longer a workable fix to start the game. refunded it"
,Not Recommended,454650,29057827,Posted: 6 January,all,All American Bad Boy,"This is a fun game, and the only game of its class. It feels like the anime while also being challenging and fun. Playing through it the first time is entertaining, and playing with friends would be fun if I could convince anyone to pay 60 (35 on sale is still too high) dollars for this.Even though this a game is tight in parts, the devs have no clue, everything is really redundant, and unless you have a friend willing to spend as much as you you will eventually get bored of fighting NPC's by yourself over and over. Playing competitive multiplayer in this game is just... It's not happening, Unless you know everything about this game and practice daily, you will not win with any character ever. The only people on matchmaking are vicious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and I don't give even the remotest♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game enough to *practice*. That said, even if you did, there's basically no ranking system of any kind.------->>Missions where you have to protect a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ npc should never be coded, debugged, or implemented in any game anywhere ever.<----------The DLC is majorly overpriced garbage. That's all there is to be said about it. An opportunity to expound the game is really just a way to ham-fistedly shove in very little content in response to Dragonball Super getting popular. They don't however have any clue why super is popular and so they shoved in a few characters and stages from it. In the second DLC they tried to add campaign missions but it's so incredibly half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and short.Graphical options seem limited and outdated. Have to override from your card if you want it to look good.Only buy if you've leveled up significantly in the first one and it's on sale for far less than 35 dollars."
76561198126419632,Recommended,454650,35141945,Posted: 22 September,all,jwinkler2046,MUCH MORE PROMISE than THE FIRST DB Xenoverse. If they DON'T PLAN on making a THIRD THEN it'd be AWESOME if they were to add BERSERKER KALE and OTHERS. Otherwise people may just make more MODS and call them DLC. Gameplay compared to the FIRST there are BASIC SKILLS that are better those who use controller press X+A in THE FIRST that skill DOESN'T EXIST. Do that in the 2ND it does a CHARGE and you send the ENEMY FLYING. THE 2ND has TUTORIAL whereas THE FIRST DOESN'T.Way more fun than THE FIRST had to UNINSTALL that since AIs are TRASH they should let players grab an ALLY for STORY to BALANCE out that game. CREATORS if you KEEP MAKING these games DO KEEP IMPROVING otherwise FAILS like THE FIRST many will be DISAPPOINTED especially if they PAY FULL PRICE.DUE to PREVIOUS TRASH I learned MY LESSON to BUY when ON SALE this is BEFORE XENOVERSE.Reason for CAPS just want those to STAND OUT.
,Recommended,454650,35237384,Posted: 27 September,all,Heartless_Story,Ive literally bought this for ever console now for pc totally worth make sure to get dlc though....
,Not Recommended,454650,34957111,Posted: 14 September,all,Lord Wiggles,"Overall a somewhat fun experience with great character customization.However, some aspects are a bit underpowered. Transformations, as usual, seem slightly underwhelming. You'd think as a SSJ3 I'd be killing saibamen in literally 2 seconds or see a noticeably powerful improvement in my ultimate attacks even with a lot of points invested in ki blasts. I'd rather see a larger boost in my atk/ki blast while losing ki.Stamina is a double-edged sword; it makes no sense how it takes longer to recover from a guard break simply because you have more stamina. I'm better off using moves that grant me instant stamina refresh rather than investing attribute points in it, especially when you still have QQ bangs/clothing to account for.Edit:Almost forgot about the INSANELY frustratingly difficult ♥♥♥♥ing expert missions. I have no idea wtf they were thinking but they're obviously promoting some spam-ultimate-blast-all-day strategy because these are otherwise IMPOSSIBLE to beat offline. In the higher difficulties, AI stop being useful. You could be getting mind controlled right ♥♥♥♥ing next to them and they simply stare into space. Almost may as well be by myself against some freak with 8 bars of health and a guard you'll rarely be able to do anything against unless you poison them. This is the most moronic aspect of the game and it really completely ruins the experience."
,Recommended,454650,35046798,Posted: 18 September,all,TColeman12,An absolutely amazing game. Plenty of things to do around Conton City and training with people around the city to gain attacks is pretty cool. Only thing I’d like to see in the next game is SSGSS/SSB forms for the Saiyan class.
,Recommended,454650,35053188,Posted: 18 September,all,Kelanor,"I have played Dragon Ball Xenoverse #1 and #2.Xenoverse #1 was a tremendous grind, was tedious, and made you want to pull out your hair with how much time and effort you had to put into getting simple things like skills/clothes.Xenoverse #2 is bigger, better, much much less grindy, and has had several quality of life improvements over the 1st game. If you had the 1st one and were turned off because of how much you had to grind, try this title you won't regret it. (And having my character from the 1st game transfer over into the 2nd game was a nice touch. He/she transfers over to the game as a ""Hero of the City"" and you get all your old equipped gear/skills from him/her and they also are a major npc in the new game)All in all, major improvement over the first game and is worth a try even if you've played the first title in the series."
76561198310792904,Recommended,454650,35052705,Posted: 18 September,all,thiccboy1332343,Lots of bugs( like cell ;) ) and glitches but overall a good game.
,Not Recommended,454650,35052361,Posted: 18 September,all,MagooMike,"The 33 minutes of my playtime with this version was an infinite ""connecting"" screen on the main menu and after turning off my internet to just play offline, the menu scrolled by itself and the in character creation the model just rotates on their own.  Not my controller since I immediately went to xenoverse 1 with no issue with the same controller.  Really disappointing since I had so much fun with the first game."
76561198275630734,Recommended,454650,35007018,Posted: 16 September,all,DJSaxon,"This is a weird one. Dragon Ball has never been for masterful storytelling (a decent one, don't get me wrong, but not mind-blowing either), and both XV 1 and 2 continue this trend. Both don't have great stories to them, combat can get very repetitive very quickly, and the voice acting ranges from okay-to-mediocre-to-flat. And yet, I can't really fault them for it.Both of these games are fun and are a nice look into the Dragon Ball world in terms of a gaming experience. Offering gamers to create their own characters is really interesting (even if changes between characters can sometimes just be cosmetic), using some of the franchise's most awesome techinques (looking at you, KA-ME-HA-ME-HA! and Super Saiyan), and almost keeping close to the fundamentals of the franchise: Evil is afoot! Beat the everloving s**t out of it! (Until it turns good or doesn't take the hint.)Between the two games, however, I'd probably favour my neighbouring second (XV 2, if that sounded daft). Skills and items and relaxingly easy to acquire (It took f*****g forever to get something something so bloody small in XV 1. Looking at you, Future Trunks' Capsule Corp. Jacket. TOO F*****G LONG!) Jump into XV 2, and items and skills are everywhere! And super easy to collect! And there's even more of them now! (Crying tears of relief! HALLELUJAH!)Furthermore, XV 2 actually made the story replayable through a new character; XV 1= make one character, stick with that character for at least 30 hours, finish the game, make another character, and replay (not start the game again- actually go back through the missions and play them again, if you want to) and be forced to memorise where you last were in the story for each character. Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Come XV 2= make one character, options to make new character, possibly play most of the game with one character, make new character and find out you can replay the game with new character, and the game actually follows that character's progress and not what's already been done. Again, it is reptitive and doesn't change a whole lot, but it's a nice touch from the developers to have done this. HALLELUJAH!Despite the change between characters being mostly cosmetic, there is a little bit more of a narrative depending on your race if  you go into the major time rifts around the hub world. (Going to Freeza's ship as a Freeza Race, going to Namek as a Namekian, going to Capsule Corp. as a Saiyan, etc), and that's when you can unlock the specialised skills. It just makes XV 2 that little more better than its previous entry.Also, the way XV 2 handles the trainers is just so much better and satisfying; XV 1= randomly appearing instructors around the hub, taking AGES to find the trainer you want next, and you can only train by locking them in. And then, it takes forever to find a new one! Keeping friends away makes DJSaxon an angry boy (man... person). XV 2, they're all over the hub, never disappear and you can train under them without needing to lock in. Piccolo can be your waifu master, but you can still learn from Vegeta, Goku, Gohan, Krillin, and all the others and change masters at any time, and they don't sass you for changing. :)Even though the drawn and 3D modelled cutscenes are now annoying to sit through (out-of-sync voice clips, and even worse, out-of-sync SUBTITLES!), I still come back to play Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 when I want some Dragon Ball immersing gaming."
76561198192784771,Recommended,454650,35032264,Posted: 17 September,all,Yohead,"First of all, I just want to get my rating out of the way numerically.8/10.This game is crazily addicting, My main purchase for the game was on ps4, and I just bought it on steam really quick to make a review of it. This game simply outclasses the first installment. Here's a list of what I think the game has improved on:Pros:-Deticated online servers-The hub world is huge-Character roster is much more vibrant-Graphics overall aren't choppy anymore-The Bosses and raids are much more difficult and exciting-Can actually stop other players from running away during matches by quick boosting-More options for VS.-Mentors can now be found at any time anywhere in the hubworld (rather than that RNG crap)-Awesome animated cutscenes!-The game is overall less brokenNow, here are my Cons... and this mostly goes to DLC. I'm not going to make a list for this one. The packs are way too overpriced, especially for getting only 2 characters for each pack plus a few new CaC attacks. Instead of 10 dollars, I would put them at 5. The one good thing the previous installment did was pump out fairly priced and timed DLC. DBX2 likes to troll us when it comes to fanservice for DLC. We got Bojack, but not his 2nd form?? What kind of a deal is that? And we were also promised Rage Trunks in the final dlc pack, but we never got him, NOR did we get corrupted zamasu!! Total ripoff for what we were promised. The only good thing that came out of that dlc was vegitto blue, Fused zamasu, and the final part of the story. Everything else was rather dissapointing for 10 whole dollars. The saiyan tails that we got in the free update don't even move either!! And now we're getting Buuhan and Dabura in a few months, meanwhile they should have already been in the game! They are DBZ characters, come on!!Welp, either way, this game is overall a very fun experience (heck, I 100%ed the game trophy's included) and has a great community to back it up. My final thoughts....""Guru's house is being attacked!"" - DB Xenoverse 2"
,Recommended,454650,35043864,Posted: 18 September,all,Pew,muito bom.
,Not Recommended,454650,26345260,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,JacoTheNotSoGreat,"Sit around for 1 minute watching your character get hit until your stamina regens or until the game crashes,whichever comes first"
76561198026702008,Recommended,454650,27436576,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tempest,"This game has potential, The DLC next month i'm looking forward to! Hit will my master and i will become the legendary assassin :) Worth the money!EDIT: this game is not recommended if you own a controller as controller support had basically ended... i contacted bandai and all they had to say 'repair your game :) otherwise just fill in a complaint' 4 weeks down the road, nothing has been solved.. not even a latest update, truely dissapointed bandai :( you had one job, and screwed it!EDIT 2: they seem to of fixed the controller issue, as well as you are getting at least 50+ hours of content playing the game, its good if you have friends so that you can 1V1, or do some expert missions with a friend, graphics are good, as well as the fighting mechanics are pretty fantastic, especially when you stamina break someone."
,Recommended,454650,35288207,Posted: 29 September,all,BetaPlayer,10% LUCK20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAIN100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME!!!
,Recommended,454650,35007086,Posted: 16 September,all,Pancakes,"I loved Xenoverse 1 and was super excited to play this game, but for some reason whenever I launch this game it just sits on ""Connecting"" and never connects. I spent an hour waiting for it and never got anything. Super fun game in offline mode, but I'd like to be able to play online since that's kind of the whole gimmick of this game. Hopefully this will get fixed at some point.Edit: I just found out the reason: If you're in the steam client beta you can't play. Still sucks, but at least you can get past it."
76561198304126127,Not Recommended,454650,32076451,Posted: 30 May,all,Mira Lance,"Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.What could be said about Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2?Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Imo) is dead. This game was released back in October 25, 2016. It only lived for a few months before it died. But you might ask the question ""Well how did It die?"", I'll tell you how Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 died a slow and horrible death to what could of been a great Dragon Ball game.1. StoryThe story for this game is the exact same story from Dragon Ball Xenoverse, except with added story events such as Vegeta and Nappa going Great Ape instead of Vegeta only going Great Ape. I also believe the same cutscenes from the first game were just put into the this game, plus there really is no secert ending. All it does is just show you (Spoilers for anyone who hasn't completed the story mode of this game, skip to 2 to skip the spoilers.) weaking Mira (Final Form) and performing a Dragon Fist to end him. It's nothing really special. Overall the story for this game is just a copy and paste from the first title.2, GameplayThe gameplay has really improved from Xenoverse 1, there are new combos to peform (with the same button inputs), new supers/ultimates/evasives, every race has their own transformation (Saiyans: Super Saiyan/Vegeta/Future (Of Course), Majins: Reskin of Kid Buu, Namekians: Become Giant, Frieza Race: Turn Golden and Earthlings: Power Pole Pro), and new side quest to do as well. But some of the quest are carried over from the first game. Though sometimes, it can be a bit.. glitchy. What I mean is that the A.I. will just stand there doing nothing while your working your♥♥♥♥♥off trying to beat the mission, or just go into overdrive and beat the living hell out of you until your just a pile of bones. Also sometimes the combos don't connect very well forcing you to either forget the combo you came up with or trying to finish it anyways, and the camera... the camera in this game gets on my DAMN NERVES! Everytime when I'm fighting someone and I get pushed towards the wall, I can't see what's going on forcing me to mash buttons, and in worst situations it will become all flickery and move all over the place. Overall, the gameplay is alright, but somethings need to be fixed3. OnlineThe online in this game is some of the worst online experiences I have EVER had. You will never, and I mean NEVER find a person with at least a decent 3/4 bar connection that won't just randomly teleport all over the place. Just either get a wired connection or (This is towards Bandi Namco or Dimps) get a better Net code, Like Dragon Ball FighterZ. There are also cheap players out there who use cheap tactics to win, like calm down, it's a casual game. I won't bring up any names but there was this 1 player who used Super Vegeta and it's teleportation ki beam skill to spam a Teleporting Big Bang Kamehameha, and now. There is no one who goes on Ranked anymore cause what's the point. You're just gonna find players who use cheap tactics to win (Once again not bringing up any names). If I have to give a low point to this game, It would be the Online mode. It really, REALLY needs to be fixed.4. Replay ValueThe Replay Value in this game is strong but once you've done about 70 percent of the game, there is nothing else to do (unless you buy DLC Packs 2 and 4 to continue the story mode) except beat all the side quest, train with every mentor and do all the expert missions. But if you have friends over then it might be a good time to play this game with your pals then just playing it alone.5. DLCThe DLC is meh. I really didn't care about the DLC (although they nerfed some moves and buffed others) DLC Packs 2 and 4 add bonus story content. DLC Pack 2 provides the Universe 6 vs Universe 7 Arc from the anime ""Dragon Ball Super"", although it doesn't feature other points in the story (Such as Vegeta vs Magentta, Goku vs Botamo etc.) it features the Goku vs Frost, Vegeta vs Cabba, Goku vs Hit fights and them as history is being corrupted at the same time at the same arc in this. DLC Pack 4 provides the Future Trunks Arc from ""Dragon Ball Super"", but mostly it's for the new characters they added in (Such as the New Variants of SSGSS Goku, SSGSS Vegeta and Future Trunks (Super), SSGSS Vegito and Fused Zamasu) it also adds a few new moves in (as well as DLC Pack 1 and 2). There is also the Pre Order DLC which gives you a new veichle and Goku Black as a playable character and the DJ Steve DLC Pack which is free (only changes the music). The DLC isn't bad but it just needs new elements and new gameplay tactics to master.Overall, I wouldn't say Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is the perfect Dragon Ball game for me. It's just there, and at times I felt like I just wasted 50 dollars on something that was rushed. Some people might say this game is good, others may say this game is pure cancer, and I totally agree with both sides. But for a game that had alot of potential wasted, I would noticed why it died so early.My Final Score: 5.9/10 ""Meeting the Average""It's not a bad gamee, the developers need to test the game, fix the bugs, fix the online mode and maybe I wouldn't have given it a 5.9 out of 10"
76561198123708052,Not Recommended,454650,35282132,Posted: 28 September,all,TheFallenVoid,"Games really good until you get to the expert missions, no one plays this game so you have to do them alone with a team of bots, however, the bots ai is absolutely horrific. i spent 4 hours trying to finish one expert mission by using the most cheese way possible and still couldnt do it. literally stopping me from continueing the game. game is hilariously unblanced and incredibly buggy which will make you say wtf multiple times, just because of how stupid the mechanics of the game can be. Game could easily be good if they actually tried to make it good. very good base but horrible quality. you also have the choice between races and to make many characters, but there really isnt any reason to make a new character after you have already played through with your first. Honestly this game was a huge let down towards the end game. i had fun but then it just got to stupid to even try and play this broken game. 5/10 in all honesty."
,Recommended,454650,28334555,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Kuahana,"I am loving this game, and will forever love the dragon ball franchise.Pros:- Cool story- Great Customization- Portrays the Dragon Ball Universe VERY well.- Good new fighting mechanics not present in first gameCons:- multi is slightly dead---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall Enjoyed to play this game!"
76561198254736356,Recommended,454650,35280488,Posted: 28 September,all,Evie,"love it, having a lot of fun doing quests"
,Recommended,454650,35281743,Posted: 28 September,all,Way,"This game is good for people who have, and havn't, watched Dragon Ball, the tv show. It is a good, 3D style, fighting game. The way the 360 battles work is so good, and playing it has got me interested in the anime."
,Recommended,454650,26259314,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Lawrence,.
,Not Recommended,454650,26308112,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dan,The new anti cheat update messed up the mods that made this game so awesome.I just want to clarify that I only used graphic mods and added new playable characters and that got blocked by your dumb anti cheat system.Truly dissapointed about this.
,Not Recommended,454650,35101955,Posted: 21 September,all,The Suspect,really nice gameEdit:Since they killed modding and it's one of the best feature of the game i decided to give it a negative review as even with cosmetic mod installed you can no longer start the game
,Not Recommended,454650,35032503,Posted: 17 September,all,ashi,I think it's ok.EDIT: No longer okay.Thanks for breaking my mods AKA the only thing that makes this game worth playing anymore.need more time to see if I really like it.
,Not Recommended,454650,27924197,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spooky Dead Lim (TrapsAren'tGay),Trash game after the story. The only thing keeping this game alive (on the PC) was the mods and they killed that with the latest update. Not to mention that this game costs $50 USD which is insanly overpriced for what you're getting.Only get this game if it's cheap on a sale. If that isn't the case then stay away from this game like the plague
76561198138686777,Not Recommended,454650,28388716,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Grimblesmith,"As a person who eats up every DBZ game he gets, I think that this game is pretty good, and it's a big improvement over Xenoverse 1. I can't really judge the online mode, because screw that, I don't deal with the Hit abuse anymore, but if it's like the console versions, it's probably pretty good with some problems with worse connections.Edit: nvm games trash without mods 0/10 what the frick bamco dimps gfg nerds"
76561198072311939,Not Recommended,454650,29725238,Posted: 5 February,all,Patrick Star,"This update really ruined the experience of the game by making mods no longer work. Not all of the mods are bad, in fact most of them aren't. Without mods they're is really nothing to do after you beat the game and the PQs 800 times. A much better idea would have been to fix the servers."
,Not Recommended,454650,33327600,Posted: 6 July,all,[TDE]Footsoldier51 (Poonda Bear),"*EDIT*The rest of this review was written before 10/4/17, after that date my opinion of the game has changed. On October 4th, DIMPS implimented a system which prevented modding. Modding was a major part of the PC XV community, and basically the only draw for the PC version. For this reason I have changed my review from positive to negative. If you support modding and do not like DIMPS' decision to remove it from the game, then DO NOT buy this game or ANY of the DLCs you do not already own.*EDIT*If I'm going to be honest, I'm suprised this game has such a good overall rating.The game overall ranges from poor to slightly above average in quality.The story mode is pretty bland with a lot of it recycled from XV1. The new content is sparse but decent for the most part. The side missions are, again, mostly recycled from XV1, with minor changes like adding new characters to missions. The combat is similar to XV1 with some much needed changes like an independent transformation slot, chargable Ki blasts, a dash attack for guard breaking and stamina breaks.Overall the game feels like XV1 but better. If you're like me, and found the first game to be mediocre but fun, and didn't purchase the DLC's, I'd say this is a worthwhile investment."
,Recommended,454650,28129549,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MultiDarkZen,This game is a lie
76561198147789412,Not Recommended,454650,32880666,Posted: 27 June,all,trew domko,changed my review becuase of this anti cheat thing. nice ♥♥♥♥ up dimp and bandai.  this game was pretty much dead anyways.
,Not Recommended,454650,32192876,Posted: 4 June,all,Saber,After the new recent update with the Easy Anti Cheat eveything is just boring without because of how linear it is.
76561198049097515,Not Recommended,454650,27902853,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tri_Force,It really hurts me to put a thumbs down on this game. Normally I would never do that to a dbz game because they always deliver the most they can offer and for the ones on pc you were always allowed to mod them which kept the experince alive and well. But from what I've heard and experienced myself is the new anti cheat tool that dimps created which ended actually making the game a lot worse than it ever was. This cheat not only bans cheaters which should only be the main concern here but it also prevents the use of any mods such as adding characters and skills. This is very very dissapointing to hear and dimps should really rethink their descision. That being said I can not reccomend this game until the fix their mistake and make the game great again with its use of allwoing extra content to make the game better and longer to enjoy. Thank you for reading and I wish you all luck.
,Not Recommended,454650,29706455,Posted: 4 February,all,kingvegito9001,"this is extemely sad. destroying a vast amount of the pc community then, making a dlc not apart of season pass, didn't think this game could be worse then storm 4 congrads you guys need to lay off drugs. before you make a big desision like this first find out whom is buying your game for said platform because now you won't get a red dime from me. congrads."
76561198051136047,Not Recommended,454650,29131175,Posted: 8 January,all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"Developers removed the ability to mod the game, despite it basically being abandonware at this point, through the use of an ""anti-cheat"" system that crashes the game if unknown files are present. This effectively ruins any longevity the game had, and in all honesty it feels more like the developers were tired of our community making them look bad constantly as opposed to anything else; if this was actually intended to fix the problem of people cheating in ranked, they should've just specifically barred modded clients from accessing ranked PVP and the world tournament.Either way, it's a pretty terrible thing to do, but the developers have never given a damn about the feedback they get for the game anyway, so I somehow doubt they actually care about this, either."
,Not Recommended,454650,32834992,Posted: 26 June,all,Jojy,"This is less a review, and more a message to my fellow players who do not use mods;Cheating is a problem, and some kind of system was definitely needed to prevent ranked matches from being dominated by players with infinite health and stamina, or +5 to all stats equipment. This 'could' have been done in a way that didn't harm anyone but the cheaters; as a lobby option, perhaps. Enforced in ranked, and an option in unranked. It wasn't done this way.Instead, Bandai Namco opted for the sledgehammer approach- completely brick the game if it detects a single gameplay modification whatsoever. This is something I cannot ever forgive; to have a thriving community of fans, willingly giving their time and energy to create new content for all players to enjoy, suddenly and without compromise shut down in an instant. Retroactively eliminating one of the game's major selling points for a large number of people.I quite enjoyed the time I spent with this game. Much of which was in 3v3 unranked with 5 friends, all of us running a large number of modded characters, transformations, and movesets to mix things up. I would still be playing with those friends right now, doing our usual mod battles and having a great time, if the ability to do so had not been taken away. However, because it has been taken away, I likely won't launch the game ever again.Perhaps I'm in the minority of mod users; perhaps 9/10 of them really are scum, who rely on god mode to win their precious internet points off the back of helpless players. However, my friends and I, along with many more out there, are not. Whether you the reader use mods or not, they were an important part of the game for us. All I ask is that you try to understand that, and not be so quick to judge those who recieve their fun from sources outside of the officially created content. I wish you all the best.--Except you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s  who actually DID use the +5 QQ bangs and god mode. As far as I'm concerned, you are to blame for this, and the only positive I see is that you suffer the same fate as us."
