user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,454950,32785253,Posted: 25 June,all,nostaljia,"I've been on some sort of espionage spree of games and it doesn't seem to be stopping. First off, this game needs way more attention than it's getting. It took me around 8 hours to complete and it's been fun the whole way through. I'll just go over some pros and cons so I don't start talking about my new obsession more than I already have.Pros:- Awesome art style- Long story- Extra additions that aren't necessary but make the game way more interesting- Half realistic hacking terminal- AMAZING parody software and puns throughout- Isn't too easyCons:- Not so great replay value- No punishment for convicting the wrong person- Can't reply to emails and such to progress your own characters personality- Same-old-same-old way of hacking people throughout the game- Less psychology and more downloading and uploading files- The deep web is on the surface web? (would be able to instantly track their IP and location but then again there are so many other unrealistic things in the game I guess it's fine)- Boring news articles- Needs more dynamic audio like in another similar game called 'Orwell'- Could be more of a choose your own adventureNow there are more cons than pros I will admit that but they're small cons that are just me being picky.  I still highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,454950,32454208,Posted: 15 June,all,Jamozed,"The concept of Mainlining is a very interesting and captivating one, yet the gameplay was simply lacking and I ended up running into a bug completely preventing me from proceeding. I feel that Mainlining as a game has great potential, the UI looks unique and attractive, even if it is lacking in functionality such as no window resizing.Overall Mainlining is not a bad game, just lacks finesse and simply could not capture my attention as other games do."
,Not Recommended,454950,31168337,Posted: 15 April,all,Oloko,"The basic idea of the game is really cool, but the amount of bug and bad UI design makes it really unpleasant to play.Most of the game is spent writing commands in the console. You would think that the console should have been a well designed thing in this game, but no, its terrible. Anyone who has used a real command line before will want to pull their hairs off when they use this.Typing ""too fast"" makes the game not register some keystroke.You can't easily edit the thing you write into it.Pressing the up arrow will bring back the last command you wrote into it, but only one.You can't copy/paste thing from/into the console.Sometime the console will just bug on you and make some command not work.The error message aren't clear so you don't really know if you made a mistake in the command, if the website doesn't exist or if the console is just bugged.And the list goes on, and that's only for the console, there is still so much more about the rest of the gamePlaceholders in the textBugged window that won't come back into focusBugged window that won't let you writeStory bugging and not letting you progress so you need to restart the whole mission from scratchGame settings not working (fullscreen setting not being applied correctly)Game not playing soundI really was enjoying the game at first, but after a few level it just became really anoying to play."
,Not Recommended,454950,29598185,Posted: 30 January,all,Bengamillen,"I really, REALLY liked this game....Right up until the bugs totally killed it. Don't get me wrong, I usually give this sort of stuff a pass, I mean, it can always be fixed, right? The core game is good, right?Except its been out a while now.. theres been a few updates.... and the core bugs are just right there.How is it possible its been out this long, and you can still click *through* windows, and be hitting buttons behind it? Litterally how could that be?I mean, lets remember here, this is NOT an alpha. This is NOT an early access. This is a full game. For money.Complete is the word. Done. Keep that in mind as you read. Full release game.This is stuff that should have been knocked dead in the alpha, this should never seen the light of day.And when it did, this should have been patch 1. Not more missions, not mission fixes. Your interface should just work, there is nothing else to say about that, if you release a full game you dont get to be treated with kid gloves, you shouldn't be clicking through windows in your game about clicking windows. Why do I even need to say this.And you sure as HELL should not still be doing that 4 or 5 patches later, my god.And its not just bugs.Missions require the arrest of individuals to complete. That is a 3 step proccess involving you providing the name of the subject, their residence, and an incriminating file you have downloaded about them.The thing is, its not actually good enough to have incriminating evidence, its got to be the EXACT file the developers have tagged as the file to get them.As of mission 3 I had at least 6 files with evidence to put this guy away, according to the rules of evidence I was given in the very first mission (describing various types of crimes, what constituted evidence, and the amout of time you would put your crim away for depending on the type of crime you provide evidence for).I submitted that form all 6 or times, each time getting told we falsely arrested this guy.And its not a quick proccess either, it takes a while to get that form up with its little transition animation, and fill it all in, and WORSE is that it doesn't even tell you the reason it was rejected. I mean, for all I know there is some file on some server somewhere that tells me the guy moved recently, and i've just got his old address in there. Who the hell knows.I've been gaming since 1991, in my day we rocket jumped to school, both ways, in boiling lava. I'm not some console idiot struggling with his first videogame.And i'm not the only one with this issue. As of this review, the top 3 forum threads for this game are, a bug complaint thread, and the other two are people with the exact same problem.As of this moment, this game is a broken mess. Which is SO HORRIBLE because it was otherwise such a good concept. Its just broken guys, and as a full release, to be let into the wild this broken in the first place... sorry, its just un-recommendable.Compitent devs would never have allowed this. These aren't small flaws, they are game-breaking that a single playtest should have made blaringly obvious.There are 3 things I can tell you for sure about this game.1. It was never playtested before release.2. It is simply not ready to be released even now. Its a very late beta state I would say.3. The devs are not experienced enough to be relied on to fix this in the near term.Maybe... maybe one day soon they will patch the hell out of it and get the game they are trying to make here, but thats simply not good enough. Its not an alpha, its a full release. There shouldn't be a someday, there should be a today.Take my advice.Protect the industry, do not encorage devs like this.Protect yourself, dont waste your hard earned cash.Avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,454950,30211640,Posted: 26 February,all,Koriflux,"Love the game, love the story. Like some other people have said though, this game is NOT Early Access and is buggier than a summer night. After exiting the game, the screen turned white, disabling all visible controls of the OS. This had happened in the demo, and that instance I had to ~1 hour to get any visible control back. That alone is not the issue. I've had to reset 2 cases because a bug appeared that did not allow me to progress any further. Though I love the game concept, it seems to have not received QA."
76561197989724295,Recommended,454950,29505766,Posted: 26 January,all,thefriendlyinsomniac,"TL;DR (good deal of gameplay from free demo):  Mainlining is a fun adventure game with a clever and unique twist where you hack computers, websites, and other devices to mine information on the different cases presented to you.  The game doesn't hold your hand, so the cases can present a fun little challenge beyond the first tutorial.  Highly recommended!  If you want to see a playthrough of the first (tutorial) case, check out this video (Demo version):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kek4zO0OF_8FULL REVIEW:  Mainlining, the point-and-click hacking adventure game, casts the player as an employee of MI7 in charge of investigating various cyber-crimes and tracking suspects through electronic means.  You are given tools (e.g., electronic trackers, a simplified command-line, web browser, etc) in order to collect information, put together clues, and ultimately arrest the right person.There is a lot of unique gameplay in Mainlining since, unlike other adventure games, the puzzles and stories you try to untangle are pieced together from short emails, blog posts, and other electronic files.  The game does a good job of not holding your hand (e.g., by telling you which sites to hack, etc) but does provide sufficient in-context clues so that the task isn’t impossible and/or a guessing game.  It’s also a game that very much should be played with a pen and paper handy because you’ll need to track which websites/IP addresses you have collected, which you have hacked, which files you have or have not read or downloaded, and which suspects you wish to pursue.  Note that there IS a “notes” application (because the game looks like a computer desktop), but that fills up quickly.Overall, the game is challenging, unique, and very entertaining (it’s got a good self-aware/internet-aware sense of humor) while still retaining the hallmarks of good adventure games: good story, good gameplay mechanics, and good pacing.  I would definitely recommend this game or, at the least, would suggest you check out the demo (which contains the first two cases from the full game—and save files apparently carry over)."
,Recommended,454950,29507902,Posted: 26 January,all,fawncashew,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish - i've never actually enjoyed point-and-click adventures before, but the whole premace of this one caught my eye, and I'm glad it did!The positives are that its great fun, makes you feel like you could go out and hack the white house, and you actually build up a mental rapport on various people throughout the story - by the final mission just seeing certain names that cropped up elsewhere was enough to push me in the right direction. There-in lies another positive: the game, despite being a point-and-click, has enough 'flesh' in non-important things to allow you to wonder off what you are supposed to be doing, something that I think is often not done in similar games of the genre, and is the reason i dont normally enjoy point-and-clicks.Amongst other things, the other great positives to this game, in my opinion, is the humor centred around parodying real life, which is not only present in the main story line, but also in areas 'around' it (by which i mean in the file systems of people unrelated to your mission, etc)The downsides? I sometimes felt as though I was just guessing at what files might be incriminating, and even when i succeeded i occasionally didnt really understand why. The second downside is the fact that I have finished the game in it's current state (7 missions) in juyst 2.5 hours. I mess around a lot, so someone who was really trying and understood everything about the game could probably be doine with it in under 2 hours. Secondly, I dont see much replay value in it - however, i dont usually see replay value in many things so this could just be me.Overall I do think that this game is worth the money - not only this but the game will soon have a further 6 (or something around that i think) missions added on in early February. I think that if you are reading this and dont know whether to buy or not, just go and get the demo - the missions in that aren't actually directly related to the missions in the full game, so you will get a good idea of what it is like without having to replay parts upon purchasingAlso, the windows XP nostalgia by itself was worth it!"
76561197999522685,Recommended,454950,30154022,Posted: 24 February,all,Abr-abr,"Great game, has some really interesting gameplay mechanics and a good storyline which doesn't get boring.I've tried other hacking games and they may be nice, but they have their problems (no story - only hacking, overcomplicated or have timed events), and so far Mainlining is the one that I've actually enjoyed. The difficulty balance is great as well - puzzles are logical, and the game thankfully doesn't punish you for making wrong decisions so you don't have to start over.Other reviewers have complained about bugs, this is why I've decided to write a review - I haven't encountered any bugs in my whole playthrough. I'm not saying there are no bugs, but at least I think the situation is not as bad as other reviewers describe it.If you like hacking games, I do recommend it."
76561197986389412,Recommended,454950,29588125,Posted: 30 January,all,Robba^,"A fun point and click adventure with great pixel art. Story is so far pretty good and I feel that it's very detailed atleast mission 1-7 (so far)Some parts of the UI can be better in my opinion as it can glitch out sometimes when you change computers, but all in all it's a really solid buy and can't wait for the rest of the missions to come out."
76561197992781457,Recommended,454950,33104876,Posted: 1 July,all,Spadgirl,Nerdy problem solving/hax0ring game where you get to catch criminals using your 1337 skillz - what's not to love! The puzzles were fun - some more challenging than others and it's easy to over-think some.
,Recommended,454950,32396143,Posted: 13 June,all,Malephex,Mainlining is a fun puzzle/point-and-click adventure with a cool 8bit look.
76561198355448576,Recommended,454950,30069730,Posted: 20 February,all,jdelight12.9,"This game was AMAZING! It keeps your interest and is engaging without leaving you completely in the dark. Got frustrated a couple of times trying to arrest people but it was worth the feeling of satisfaction when I got the right person. I also loved the humor, made for some comic relief without going over the top. One thing  I would want to see improved would be saving where I pause the game rather than having to start over. Also got me thinking about privacy and safety in the real world. Thanks so much to the creators of this game, I loved it!"
,Recommended,454950,31200134,Posted: 17 April,all,Kaya the Kure,"I played this game as a part of my 52 games in 52 weeks challenge. My review is also on my facebook pagehttps://www.facebook.com/Kayasarcade/With 628 backers the little game company Rebelephant just barely got this little gem backed on Kickstarter - and I'm so happy that it did!The first time I saw this game I fell for the familiar XP 'look' - So I wasn't disappointed when I opened the game and the menu was the classic login screen and had the old icon selection as well.Dave Grey really did an amazing job with the art style!I really enjoyed the first 2-3 hours, feeling like a real cyber genius 'iphacking' the bad guys, in a classic fight between the government and the activists.Some of the cases took some time to figure out tho, and made me feel stuck - but the story was overall really interesting and luckily motivated me to get to the last cases, which was really exciting!I can easily recommend this game, if you like the genre."
76561198208224621,Recommended,454950,29509848,Posted: 26 January,all,Bojake Horseman,"I'm enjoying it quite a bit so far. It's like a funnier, less streamlined Orwell. It holds your hand much less than Orwell, and I was genuinely stumped a few times during the cases.My only complaint is that sometimes the evidence needed for an arrest is unclear, or doesn't make a lot of sense. There have been times when I thought I had EXACTLY what the case was asking for, only for it to turn out that something miniscule from earlier was the real answer. (This could just be me being bad at videogames tbh)Aside from that, the gameplay is fun, the music is nice, the graphics fit the theme of the game perfectly, and the content is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,454950,32969277,Posted: 28 June,all,chocolatejack,great game if u like to play games like orwell or paper please
76561198011465419,Recommended,454950,31197009,Posted: 17 April,all,ChuckiePouchel,"Mainlining is a game that is generally worth a try, even though it is pretty simple to beat and quite short (I spent 4.3 hours beating the game). The gaming time vs price ratio is therefore average at best, with no replay potential.About the games, contrary to other reviewers I have not been annoyed by bugs. The plot is nice even though it gets sometimes confusing, which is probably something the devs wanted.The thrill of discovering things in someone else's computer is nice but unfortunately there is little things that have absolutely no link to the story. It is disappointing that everything seems to have a purpose. I don't believe that the same should be filled with dozen of useless files but it would have be interesting to have some sorting to do between the useless stuff and the stuff that is actually useful. This makes you feel that you are just pulling a string that leads you to the end. There is very little occasions where you actually have to think to get through the case. For example I am very disappointed that there is no decryption challenges (hidden in pictures, fileinfo, enigma...)The arrest system is badly designed as you have to use exactly the good file and therefore make a lot of false arrest that has by the way absolutely no consequences.So the game is a generally good experience and it is enjoyable to go through the story, but the whole thing is only dedicated to the story and this lack of content does not serve the game's potential..."
,Recommended,454950,30025022,Posted: 18 February,all,Sgt. Pepper,"I really love this game it literally makes you feel like a detective/agent/white hat hacker. It is very immersive although the game feels short, but the price to buy is good enough for what it is.Story is well done as to be expected from the story creator of Assassin's Creed.Artwork is also well done I like it, I haven't seen pixel art games that wasn't really as good as this before.Controls is.... kinda bad since it feels like when you sometimes type its not registering the keys.In conclusion like I said it is very immersive story is well made as well as artwork and controls is kinda iffy, but I will disregard that since the gameplay is well done story wise. 10/10(I don't work for IGN)"
,Recommended,454950,29579066,Posted: 29 January,all,cyb3r,"Well, it is first review on the first release; only seven cases are open for the gamers.The game has nice pixel graphics, not best, but cute enough. I like pixels, that is my cybercrime :)I think that the game is too much incomplete for the current moment, more than expected for release. There are a lot of sad random bugs with user interface (application crashes on in-game windows closing). Internal notepad is useless, too small, no text editing, cannot save notes between cases. I filled three A4 pages with my pencil. Therefore, notepad can be removed and nobody will care.I know that the game is really small. But, I thought, that text game should have more scenarios, more random events (not only for IP addresses, but for all locations and numbers), more logic traps and so on. Currently we have only three basic hardcoded endings for each case. I have tried to find all, but think that some cases have less than three. I crossed my fingers and trying to hope that more things will be added on Feb 2, not only additional cases.Anyway I want to recommend it for pixel and hack game lovers.Thanks."
,Recommended,454950,31517327,Posted: 2 May,all,G.,"This game actually exceeded my expectations. Got hooked on it really quickly and played through the entire game in one sitting. There's definitely a good amount of hours of gameplay because I started the night before and when I finally looked up from my computer screen, it was well past daylight.Good!"
,Recommended,454950,29611696,Posted: 31 January,all,N00byGamerPlayz,"Great Hacking Game! Never seen such a game, computer style game. So happy for cases 8-13 coming on February. It took 5 hours to play, because you just need to feel like your on a computer, working, finding and hacking through criminal users. Such an experience! If your mother tells you ""you need to leave games and do your homework, you say ""oh mom what are u doing i'm working right now i'm not playing games"" and your mother says like ""really?"" and you say yeah then your mom realizes that it's just a game, unplugs the computer and then just says ""DO YOUR HOMEWORK RIGHT NOW!!!"" nononononono i'm just joking there lads don't worry! Anyway nice game, hope you did your best Rebelephant!"
,Not Recommended,454950,35062983,Posted: 19 September,all,nanafkubatman,"i really want to like this game, but it's impossible to play when every time i type the letter ""u"" it clears out all the text i wrote. can't really proceed when i can't type. it's a shame cause it looks like i would have enjoyed this one."
,Recommended,454950,29671737,Posted: 3 February,all,GiantMacaron,"The best point-click game i've ever played so far. Awesome story, but still have some bugs. However, the developer team is working pretty well to fix all of the bugs. Playing time is short, because after completing some missions, you want to solve all of them and you will realize that you have played this game 5-7 hours. Again best and unique point-click hacking game."
,Not Recommended,454950,29980071,Posted: 17 February,all,Pie,"I really want to like it but it's often nonsensical. Such as when you have to provide evidence and location, if you provide the wrong location of the suspect, they get arrested but says they were wrongly arrested.I feel like the fact it's episodic fights hard with the overarching story and breaks from the immersion of the whole thing.The bugs, the bugs are really what kill it though, as others have mentioned."
,Recommended,454950,30023707,Posted: 18 February,all,Ninjaspy,I love this game. It is a fun story but all to does it make me want more games or more chapters to this story.
76561198105083226,Recommended,454950,34486311,Posted: 25 August,all,DocFaust,"TL:DR; Good game, short and to the point. Sometimes too easy but worth a buy, especially if found on sale.Pros:-Great Artstyle (If you like Papers, Please or Please Don't Touch Anything you will love this)-Great Gameplay Ideas (would love to see other game with that Switching OS's idea)-Later Half of the game does a good job of switching things up on you and making the situation feel a bit more personal-The Mainline system did make me feel a bit badass at times (Possible a con for some, since the gameplay for it don't change at all through out the game, i was ok with it)Cons:-Game is too linear, just when you think you can explore a bit just for fun. You find out the devs never programmed anything that far. (Example: You might find a website or email address, and you want to look it up just for fun but the devs never made anything for it. Would be nice to have more side stuff to hack into or mess around with.)-Difficulty to some might be level of hand holding-You personally never feel really attached to anything as a player and the character you play as (You don't really feel like you or your character is a part of the world and everything going on in it, the later chapters start to sort of fix that but by the time you feel something the game is over.)-Like i said in the Pros list the Mainline System is the main gameplay aspect used in this game (To hack, check IP address, download stuff, etc.) and it can get repetative since it does not change at allThis was my first foray in the Hacker-esque type of games. I had my eye on Orwell, Uplink, Hacknet, etc. but Mainlining hit the right spot with its artwork reminding me of Papers, Please (there might be people that hate that fact that so many games are in a sense ""copying"" that style but to me i can get enough of it, if done right).Took me about 8 hours to beat but honestly i left the computer running during gameplay many times so i would say a leisure run through this game for me was really about 6 hours. Once over the game definitely leaves you wanting more but the aesthetics of the ""papers' please"" type of games always has that to it (Perfect example is the great game ""Please Don't Touch Anything"").Difficulty was honestly easy, very easy, sometimes holding your hand easy...but for my first outing in this type of game it showed me what was possible with it and left me wanting a game developer to take advantage of it, so to say in short i kinda have a hunger for more games like this but I definitely need more challenge.Gameplay mechanics and story was very well done, for a kickstarted game. It seems like the devs had a plan they wanted to execute, they just needed money and once they got the support they needed, they created it flawlessly. The only downside to that is the game feels very linear (Meaning i wish there was even more stuff i could hack it to just for fun, other peoples emails, websites, etc. there's to little in this playground of a gameworld once you really get into it.) but like i said its a kickstarter game so i have forgiveness for it, if it was otherwise i would have to say i feel like the game devs didn't want to strive for more and just wanted to create the bare minimum needed to call it a finished project.All in all, good game, short and to the point. Worth a buy, especially if found on sale like i did."
,Recommended,454950,29510712,Posted: 26 January,all,DeliciousButthurt,"Good stuff.I equate it to hanging out with Tyrion Lannister. It's a little short, yeah, but still it's fun, memorable and worth your time."
76561197999531554,Not Recommended,454950,34741529,Posted: 4 September,all,Executives,"Solve cases by pseudo-hacking other people's accounts and look for contextual clues to the case at hand. Submit the suspect, location, and evidence pointing to the case to produce an arrest.I just finished the 3rd case. I've had to look online for help in every case. This makes me think the game is poorly designed.A few good ideas, but overall poor execution.Good ideas- I like the pixel art- I enjoy the pseudo emulation of an older Operating SystemPoor Execution- there are seemingly several ways to try to convict a suspect, given the multitude of evidence pieces one can submit; however this quickly turns into trial-and-error. Given a suspect / location / evidence combination, you'll be graded right or wrong. Submitting a wrong answer does not produce a penalty. You end up submitting several combinations in order to solve the case. This becomes frustrating, as it's no longer a logic-based game, but one where you *think* you have it right, get it wrong, then submit all other logical combinations in frustration.It's almost there, but not good enough for me to recommend."
,Recommended,454950,29551084,Posted: 28 January,all,dirmaster0,"I've played a few hacking related games before and this one is definitely unique.  I especially dug how the GUI and CLI operated within the game, as well as the back stories behind the characters involved so far.I've already completed the initial 7 cases and look forward to starting on 8-13 when they're released on the 2nd :D11/10 would recommend"
76561198024136518,Recommended,454950,29507317,Posted: 26 January,all,EmVious,"This game is the best 'hacking' game i have played so far! When youre playing this game, it really feels like you have become a mi7 agent. I would suggest buying this if youre into hacking and being a detective. I would recommend not using a guide :)Have fun!9/10!"
,Recommended,454950,29554301,Posted: 28 January,all,SZF,Definitely an addictive puzzle/crime solving game.
,Recommended,454950,30800362,Posted: 28 March,all,TheLegend27,Amazing
76561197994659138,Recommended,454950,30070925,Posted: 20 February,all,dizzy18718,"Great puzzles, I look forward to more games from this team!"
,Recommended,454950,30091413,Posted: 21 February,all,Mr.ClassicMan,Wonderful Game!
,Not Recommended,454950,29524647,Posted: 27 January,all,riotsquad,"Mission 1 makes sence, just to read the text and things are pretty clear.Mission two has you looking at a map and two markers moving and the info is completely irrelevant to anything....Loved mission one, seemed like I'd have a nice time and then mission 2 happens without any form of proper directions and this means I can't be arsed and it gets a thumbs down. (after first mission I was sure I'd praise the game but how wrong I was...)If you like logic and clear instructions this is not for you...like it wasn't for me..."
76561198153108633,Recommended,454950,29533915,Posted: 27 January,all,Greyscale,Better than Orwell
76561198062198079,Recommended,454950,29507717,Posted: 26 January,all,Heartfire,This game is one of the few that make you think
,Recommended,454950,32407879,Posted: 14 June,all,HotcakeNinja,I keep alt + tabbing out of the game10 / 10
76561198110809715,Not Recommended,454950,31067982,Posted: 10 April,all,[DFS] [GmT] trollbreeder,"One word: Boring.It is repetitive as ♥♥♥♥. I zipped trough the game in about 101 minutes, but it felt like it was 5 minutes.I even had to contact the developers to solve the second case because it was misleading and confusing as ♥♥♥♥.Do not buy. DO NOT EVEN LOOK AT IT. The developers just want your cash.-1/10, Worse than 0/10"
,Recommended,454950,29537985,Posted: 28 January,all,Harkax,"A fun game solving puzzles and solving crimes all from the comfort of your computer, track IP adresses, trace cell phones, hack into websites to access new information. Makes you think a bit, but not too hard."
,Recommended,454950,33597959,Posted: 16 July,all,Dr. McScience,"I really wanted to love this game, but after finishing it, I have mixed feelings.What I liked: solid story (if a bit derivative), fun aesthetic, ""hacking"" is fun enough (though not challenging). It's just fun poking through people's files.What I didn't: the game doesn't do a good job of letting you know what kinds of files might solve a case, and offers no feedback when you make an error. Some of the logic leaps (to find the right evidence or location) are too far without any signposting. Sometimes it feels like you're guessing what the game wants rather than deducing. Some of the later cases are a bit buggy.If you like hacking/espionage games, you'll find this a fun diversion, though not a challenging one."
,Recommended,454950,33560761,Posted: 15 July,all,grgisme,Fun little hacking simulator with an engaging story. Makes for a fun 4 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,454950,29556093,Posted: 28 January,all,Vinrafel,"Review video:https://youtu.be/HERafsgLBp8Mainlining is a hacking game that utilizes similar ideas to games like Orwell and Replica. You do government surveillance and arrest ""criminals"".Personally, I found the game to be pretty good. The basic mechanics were easy to grasp along with a pace that kept the game engaging. Personally I would have liked to see more hacking mechanics as hacking in the game is as simple as typing in IP addresses, but the streamline nature of the mechanics did help to keep that game at a nice pace.I'm not going to enthusiastically persuade this game to people, but I won't dissuade either. If it looks like your thing, pick it up. If it's on sale, it's a definite grab.For a more in depth review check my video review at the top."
76561198029546683,Recommended,454950,29764892,Posted: 7 February,all,Jaedin712,This is a fun gem of a game. I love the parodies of the OSs. There are still a few bugs to sort out but nothing that made me stop playing or anythign game breaking.
76561198144493711,Recommended,454950,29576909,Posted: 29 January,all,ThingOnFire.,"Welp, i would write a long reveiw, but i have to hack all the things."
,Recommended,454950,34299296,Posted: 16 August,all,Dune Tiger,"Mainlining is a nifty little adventure game with a hacking theme that, unlike other hacking games available on steam, eschews the nitty gritty of command-line interface wizardry in favor of telling a succint story well within its means.  That is to say, if you've avoided other hacking games because they emulate real-world operating systems all too closely, you can relax - Mainlining's CLI is quite simple and doesn't require any foreknowledge of how command-line operating systems work.Instead of bringing the hardcore keyboard thunder, Mainlining opts for funtional aesthetics.  When you first start up the game, you'll be looking at a pixelated mock-up of a WinXP-like desktop.  Though typing away in the CLI is a big part of the game, you'll only ever need three or four commands, all of which are easy to remember.  The rest is as you would normally navigate a desktop OS these days - with a mouse.  Throughout the game, you will load applications onto your start bar, read files on your desktop notepad, and browse a well-realized fake web, all the while using information you find to remotely hack into other systems.  Throughout several cases, you will follow a bread-crumb trail that will eventually unravel to reveal a story.That story being you work for MI7, a sister org to the famous MI5, only its main focus is online activity facilitating real-world crimes, and the backdrop of all this is a new act simply called the BLU Pill.  While it never gets into specifics, BLU Pill basically enables the gov't to break into systems legally in order to fight crime.  Naturally, this angers a few people and they organize themselves into a secret hacking group to counter MI7's efforts.  The game makes no hard stance on the politics of such a law, but throughout the game, you're never quite sure if you're the good guy or the bad guy.In any case, this is all handled with beautiful pixel-style art from end-to-end, from presenting you nostalgic mock-ups of popular desktops (WinXP, iOS, etc) to a whole database full of pixel faces of the citizens of wherever you are.  In terms of aesthetics, Mainlining really reminded me of Digital A Love Story, and it unfolds in a very similar manner.  As you read chat logs and other random files you nab off unsuspecting systems, you'll learn about the inhabitants of this world and the characters found therein.  Moreover, there are live chat windows on your screen that dole out large portions of the story and all you ever have are names.  You're not told who's who, but it eventually all slots into place.While I didn't encounter any glaring bugs, the game doesn't give you a lot of options to go off-script, nor does it make any effort throw any red herrings at you so unless you're really trying to find ways to break the game, you likely won't have a problem.  At all times, I was patienly waiting for the proverbial Other Shoe, but it never really came.  As each day/case passes, you'll be told what you need to find in order to proceed and any previously-learned knowledge usually doesn't work again, so going off the beaten path doesn't really present itself.  You either figure out what to do next or you don't.That being said, I completed the game in about 2 hours or so and never even so much as wished for a hint.  All of the challenges in the game are easily met and good segments of the game are just waiting around for some things to happen.  I can't really describe more since that would spoil it, but for the most part, it plays a lot like the old standard of cutscene -> gameplay -> cutscene.All in all, I found Mainlining to be an enjoyable experience and a perfect entry point into the genre since it really does a little of everything.  Outside of some proofreading mishaps, the game is solid."
,Recommended,454950,34379369,Posted: 20 August,all,Fluff | GamersUN,"Awesome! A few years (or a year ago, can't remember) I discovered the demo on steam. Looked interesting, so I tried it out. It was fun, but just a demo. I kept my eyes on it for a few weeks, and eventually went back to playing the normal games I played. A few weeks ago, I found a ""Mainlining"" let's play in my reccomondations. It looked interesting, so I bought the game on steam and went on to case 2. I continued playing until I had finished the game. Now, I'm a person who loves puzzles and programming, so being able to access people's systems from the game AND arrest them inside of it? The entire game was awesome for me, the story gets a bit worse near the end of the game, but overall this game is extremely fun to play. Just don't expect to solve 3 cases in one day, or else you'll get frustrated."
76561198053086164,Recommended,454950,34372920,Posted: 20 August,all,akumaXayu,"A lot of fun. I loved the pixel art graphics and the story kept me engaged throughout the game. The game keeps introducing new things so it was fun to see what new function would be unlocked in the next chapter.Sometimes the game wouldn't acknowledge of my keystrokes which took me out of the game a bit, but all in all a fun game that in a weird way reminded me of papers please, and had a cool story."
76561198019956562,Not Recommended,454950,34405787,Posted: 21 August,all,shakes_spears,Kind of an anoying interface. Maybe its just not my thing.
76561198000523295,Recommended,454950,34940169,Posted: 13 September,all,panacronic,"Overall I would said this was a fun little game.  Not too complex to require looking up a guide but complex enough to have me sitting and thinking about a solution for a little while on certain cases.  Story was decent.  That being said, I wasn't too satisfied by the final case.  The evidence required to solve it didn't quite make sense, IMO."
,Recommended,454950,35004995,Posted: 16 September,all,John,"So it's a ""hacking"" game, set in a fictional country that I suspect is based on the UK. The graphics are nice, with a particular colorful and pixelated style that's easy on the eyes. The sound is good, with understated music and occasional sound effects that make you think of ""classic"" computer systems. The writing is reasonably good, amusing and dramatic where it needs to be. The gameplay is much more in the realm of social engineering than ""real"" hacking; you poke around computer systems, read documents, guess the answers to puzzles, that sort of thing. So to my mind it doesn't really seem like an ""authentic"" experience, but it's pretty fun. There are definitely some clever moments, especially the final puzzle where...I don't want to spoil it, but you explore several computer systems in a clever way."
