user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197985881556,Recommended,455980,32444228,Posted: 15 June,all,psionyx,"I really enjoy this game.  If you are a fan of ""Base Building"" simulators, then this will likely be up your alley.   If you are not a fan of spending a LOT of time planning out your production pattern, to improve and expand your settlement, then you might want to pass on this.   It's similar to another game I love called Planetbase, but you have WAY more control over your people in this game.I played for about 45 hours before I ""beat"" the current content.  I probably could've done it 10 hours previously, but I was having too much fun exploring and crafting stuff.Ok so, bottom line.  It's a good game, a very well crafted one for being in Alpha.  I had almost zero technical issues, except for a bit of data leakage after like 4+ hours of constant play.   It was easily fixed by rebooting the game, so not really an issue IMO.The crafting/research system was good, though I did notice a bit of overlap in some of the trees, where you couldn't use what you just unlocked in Tree 1, because you need something over in Tree 2. But you can't unlock Tree 2 without crafting the item in Tree 1...which you can't unlock without 2.  Basically it forced me to go scavenge for the item if I wanted to craft it now, or go look for the item I needed to unlock Tree 2.  Which was a tad annoying, being unable to actually craft the thing I just unlocked, made it feel a bit like a false reward.  I had to go do something else too.  Otherwise, the system was nicely built.The combat was fun and strategic, and I took great delight in using my scout type character to lure enemy packs into ambushes.  ThereI really don't have much negative to say about the game as-is.  It ran fine, I never had a crash at all, and the controls were very simple and straightforward.If you want some Apocalyptic base building fun, mixed with a bit of tactical, tile based combat thrown into the mix, then this is probably for you.Definitely reccomend, and I'm eager for more content."
76561198066564523,Not Recommended,455980,25710745,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,dreambig207,"Pros:- Good variety of resources to gather or scavenge- Just providing basic needs to keep people alive is fairly challenging let along random events and attacks- Crafting- Research- Decent SFX- GFX look kind of generic, it would be cool to see revamped art that gave this game a really unqiue look - it's own distinguishable look, but the GFX aren't terribleCons:- Battle animations are not interesting, plus it seems like damage doesn't necessarily coincide with an actual strike- Music doesn't help immersion- Scavenging (outside of camp) is just a battle and you ""win"" the supplies/loot- In battles the enemy just rushes, not much tactics or variety, battles look roughly the same- does kind of play like a high end flash gameOne of the bigger disappointments is that exploring the map/going on scavenging missions is bland.  I was hoping that you could sneak around, look in a house, open a chest and find some goods, and actually scavenge like Jagged Alliance 2 or This War of Mine, and even attempt to be stealthy and avoid a battle if you wanted. There's rubble and bodies everywhere, shouldn't there be something valuable to find? But you just fight a battle, and then a screen pops up with what you've ""collected""Battles just aren't interesting. I think better animations and SFX could really help. It just looks like a person is swatting at a demon instead of swinging for his life. Didn't experience the enemy trying to flank me or anything other than simply rushing at me, which gets repetitive.Love the idea though. A survival game with base building that involves chopping trees/mining for resources is intriguing.  I like that because usually it's ONLY scavenging so it's an interesting twist - at lest for me. I like the idea of being raided as well as going on rescue and scavenge missions.hate to give it a thumbs down because there is so much potential and great ideas thta need work, but I don't know if this potential gold mine will be uncovered. 5/10 in current state"
,Recommended,455980,26109038,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Aenon,"Note: This is an early access review, the game still has a long way to go. To be fair: it  has some great ideas, especially the setting is exactly what I'd be interested in (apocalypse, survivor settlement management, scavenge missions, tactical combat,). A game like this, properly done, could wreck my life for months.Pros:-The task system (in base management) is really good and probably exactly how such a game should be designed, not sure if any other game has it yet like this.- The general idea of managing your base, pursuing a storyline and going out on various missions is really good and executed in a solid fashion.- The Demon/occult setting is also a refreshing change, though I personally prefer a classic Zombie apocalypse.- Interesting Research tree, though still a bit unbalanced. It'd be much nicer if weapons could be customized/upgraded (see Jagged Alliance, Breach&Clear). Good idea with the occultistic techs.- sound is ok, though proper fx still scarce, especially in combat- Base-GUI isn't bad. Thoughtful general design.Cons:- The combat system isn't good. It is intransparent, clunky and unfair (rather fighting the engine than the enemies). Why not make it turn based (configurable maybe)? And what about grids? It is very hard to understand who stands where, who goes where and who can go where. It is almost impossible to execute a proper fixing/flanking plan, especially in bigger fights (5 vs 5 or so). Being able to pause in combat is good though.- Who's shooting at what What is the effect? Who killed the last enemy? Which effect do weapons have? There is no real info and never really a feeling of who does what except to lure an enemy into a prepared kill zone and hope for the best.- Game economics is one of the hardest thing to get right and judgment just isn't there yet. Some things are supposed to be hard but are easy to get (like food) while others are a constant problem and would never be ""in the real world"", like wood. It takes 30 trees to create one single wooden shield , that's more than ridiculous, it's an immersion breaker. Wood is probably the only thing that wouldn't be scarce in an apocalyptic scenario and a harvested tree should probably give at least 30 wood, even more.- Some of the animations are the worst I've seen in a long time, especially in combat (some death animations are ok). Reminds me of ""Friday the 13th""on Amiga. Unbelievable.- Many weird and amateurish graphics, (in base and combat, mainly characters) while the event-screen artwork, research tree, demon portraits are quite good. I guess the graphic designer came on board at a later stage? Anyway, Factorio, Minecraft and various mobile titles have shown that a game can be great with a low-tech look, but some of the graphical game-elements (of the game engine, not the event-artwork etc) of Judgement are pure eye cancer, mainly in combat.- some bugs (it is alpha, so forgiven)- Serious performance issues if too many survivors- some minor nuisances (weird resource costs of some items etc etc )Feature ideas:- filter for loot on the world map- lockable gates- traps (mines, tripwires, spike pit etc)- alert states (maybe a ""findable"" schoolbell? Alert= noone leaves a certain area, so far away miners aren't too far off the barricades when pulling imps for example)- electricity, running water, windmill?- dogs (""Chopper, sic balls!"")- medical skill- horses/cars- morale attribute- shoot from windows/bar doors- spawn areas on map border should be marked and blocked for building- there should be a faster way of deconstructing fortifications (like a row of sandbags)- imp-pulling should have a warning period like regular base attacks- distributing tasks to a task leader, who'd then have people assigned to him (leadership trait?). Give him goals with priorites like ""prio1: always have at least 20 wood"", prio 2 ""always have at least 1000 water"" etc..)I would love to see where the game goes, but don't think many people would enjoy it very much in the current state. Kudos though for the general idea, seriously."
76561198202845954,Recommended,455980,30144914,Posted: 24 February,all,redlight_district,"I've spent almost 50 hours in this game and hav't gotten even close to being able to raid one Hellgate.They obviously have lots to update and fix/nerf/buff but i'd honestly give it a 7/10 right now, its absolutely brutal and addicting.7/10 hast potential.10/10 would lock myself in my room and avoid any and all human interaction until able to destroy atleast 1 Hellgate again.Update: Decided to read some achievements, had NO idea you could have 15 colonists, I've been using 7 the entire time trying to win the game. (Being able to rescue more survivors I could've won by now.Don't be like me guys, be better."
,Not Recommended,455980,30744126,Posted: 25 March,all,Illeru,"I've spent a bit of time (16 hours) on this game and feel like I can give a sufficient review. I've given the game a ""no"" with a provisional ""yes""; at this point in time, because it needs work to make it feel worthy of purchasing for most. If you are like me and enjoy supporting/trying alpha indie games and you like the genre, yes it is worth a punt.The survival element is pretty easy to pick up. The survior management system is upthere with the best, to make it pretty easy to avoid micromanaging and focusing on your overall plan. The skill and build trees need serious rebalancing though. As the ocassional hordes get more powerful, you start to feel like you fall behind the curve - not in the least because the higher & more expensive skills are not particularly useful (if they are activated at all).Along with these elements, it feels more and more like a tower defence game once you get into the routine. The travel/quest feature is nice, but the rewards/resources don't seem to match the effort. It does get difficult to find the resource rewards you need for building up your survivors after a time, as the quest features are non-renewable (the periodic events don't really count).An interesting experiment, but it definitely needs some work - I'm not particularly driven to play this again in its current state. Hopefully I will get the chance to update this review in the near future."
76561198100774010,Not Recommended,455980,22412090,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Autika,"Start game.Survivors are 3 vegan wierdoslet the demons murder themIn all seriousness though, there's a steep learning curve with this one. It's rough to figure out just how much food you need to generate to support your colony. It wouldn't be a problem if farms weren't so resource intensive and resourses were such a pain to gather. This is the basic run down of my first settlements:1: Oh no, I'm not generating enough food!2: Oh no, I don't have enough trees to build another farm!3: Oh no, I have to grow more trees, wait for them to grow, chop them down, build another farm, wait for the veggies to grow and hope some one is still alive to harvest them!4: Oh no, I'm out of water and my basecamp didn't spawn with a well! I need to research woodworking so I can make a furnace so I can make bricks so I can build a well!5: Oh no, I need more trees to make a saw mill to make boards to make bricks so I can build a well and I chopped all the trees down so I could build more farms so my people don't starve! I need to plant more trees so I can maybe save someone!6: Oh no, Everyone is dead.this wouldn't be as big of an issue if it weren't for the fact that it takes so long to figure out that you're doing it wrong and the first thing you have to do is plant trees right there next to your base because the AI for the tasks system is rudimentary and can't handle the size of the base map in the beginning. Get ready to watch your survivor start to walk over to a pile of clay, get 3/4 of the way there, realize he's hungry, turn back to gets something to eat, finish eating and start heading back to the clay, get half way there, realize he's tired, then go wait for the only bed to open up.The combat system could stand a bit of tweaking as well.I get what they're trying to accomplish with the cover system, but it comes off a little cumbersome. It's wierd to watch a guy crouching by a barrel while an imp is wailing away at him 2 feet away. The tutorial makes a big deal about ""flanking"" but the enemy AI just bum rushes you every time they see you. Maybe I didn't get far enough into the game play to see the more advanced enemies, but over all the combat came off as tedious to me.All that being said, The bones are there. I can see this being a good time sponge. I know as soon as I post this review I'm going to start the game up again and start over. I know that it's a work in progess and I can't wait for it to be done, but I think most people SHOULD wait. I cannot reccomend that my friends buy it now because I can see the potential for them being infuriated by it, but once it's been tweaked I would be more than happy to change my oppinion."
76561198019703852,Not Recommended,455980,26396403,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,tempestlrd,"I wish I had not bought it.  It was fun looking and started off great.   But the game is overly contrived, it is so forced it becomes less fun exponentially.  For example, it takes 3 entire trees to make a simple quarter staff.  If your person doesn't find food when they go to eat...instead of eating when it does become available they just starve to death.  The combat is all ready overly simple but there is no collision, enemies just walk through players.  I will stop here, you will find out on your own.I don't give a bleeep if this is early access, I am tired of this excuse.  The second a game is sold it opens itself up to judgement by the purchaser."
76561198172691486,Recommended,455980,31758400,Posted: 14 May,all,Silhouette Fleur,"Without having played it to its end I cannot say much on its quality of play all the way through.However for the time I have played I can say that it is a rather enjoyable survival sim.The player does not face the harshness of the elements as in many other suvival sims, as there is other more pressing stuff going on without having to face a reality engine pushing winter in your face.Instead, the player faces off against the hordes of hell, an obvious summation which of course resides in the title.In its current phase I feel it could use a quicker player progression in terms of survivor output, as the player has to research in order to go up the tech tree, often having to scavenge for pieces the player cannot produce either at that time or at all, early players begin with little to no armour and weaponry and it takes a while to build an armoury, let alone a respectable armoury, leaving the player to up the aggro of external hordes as they fight for much needed skills to build bigger and better tech.Enemy aggression is based on amount of research stations at the player base, number of survivors at the base, and raids on enemy bases, which makes it difficult to grow larger and stronger in every respect without having a large and/or well armed demon raid rain down upon the player base.Suffice to say that enemy aggression could do with going much slower and having a method of managing their aggression by perhaps leaving them the hell alone for an hour or so.The survivor's need for food and water is also a slowing factor to player progression, this can easily come in the way of gathering much needed resources for basic materials, which are in fact limited at the player base camp (guess who has to go a'raiding demons when you run out).Yet another factor to all of this are events, periodically a player will find themselves dealing with Night Howls, Red Haze's, Blood Moon's, and other such hateful things, these events will raise enemy awareness (night howls mean one of your survivor's won't stop making a damn noise at the moon), they will make enemies 30% stronger, and even damage survivor morale enough that mining or research or random useful thing of your choice becomes a % slower ...Events eventually go away, but they do their damage to time constrictions that are already slow enough, or give enemies strength that are already strong enough, and they happen far too often, usually occuring anywhere between 1 and 3 times in a single game day.And just for perspective, I am playing on easy.Custom Settings for beginning a game could also use a tweak, currently it stands at choosing which features the player desires to be on easy or difficult, whereas what I feel it also needs is to do with amounts, i.e ""high deposits of clay/wood/stone"" at the base ... If anyone has played Factorio at all I would suggest a similar set up to that.Now ... Let's talk tech tree ... It's actually pretty cool, but a bit of a mess ... Hovering the mouse above advancement of choice, the player will be given a very rough idea of what it does and what is required to gain it, however it does not list skills required to build certain items, nor does it list damage or defense on weapon items, i.e ""is the crossbow better than the handgun? I don't know!!!"", which makes it very difficult to choose how the player advances, often wasting points by trial and error.Some of these advancements do not make sense, one in particular allows for the making of a combat knife, directly following this is ""swords"", the only sword in this advancement is a katana ... Let's get this straight, a katana is a cutting weapon only, traditionally and even as a point of physics it is not for use in blocking a blade or chopping through a large variety of things, although I will admit they are used in enemy beheading ... Also, it is a far cry to go from a combat knife to a katana, one is simple machine pressed metal, the other is layers of folded steel and finely crafted. -- Medieval weapons on the other hand ... If one has a forge and the patience to read a manual, pretty simple to craft.I feel as though there is a lot to add, I don't see why survivor's cannot raid a garage and glean access to a simple sledgehammer, they already mine stone with picks I never made them, and a sledge really nasties up anyone's day, take that sucker to a demon's face and you're laughing, possibly maniacly.Instead the player finds themselves crafting weapons that are either of high skill or already exist in the real world, which brings me to the point there is not nearly enough melee weapons, most of it is guns (which I am very thankful do not require the constant production of ammunition).I would like to see the addition of searching and raiding houses, as raids consist of delving into demon infested neighbourhoods and wandering the streets for loot.It has a way to go, but it is still in beta as I write this, and is subject to grow more awesome over time, so far I am quite enjoying it and appreciating its potential."
,Recommended,455980,22363672,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Stefarling,"I enjoy the premise of this game, the execution is headed in the right direction and hopefully with more support this game will get to be a gem of a simulation game!It's very early days for public reveal, I'm hoping for lots and lots more attention to this promising game!Feel free to pose questions, or drop by for a view when I'm broadcasting!** Edit **Having played the game for a bit more now, I feel more comfortable explaining a bit more of the involved gameplay.Basically, you mark certain objects, like trees, rocks, clay or scrap, and one of your colonists will eventually get around to doing that task. I say ""eventually"", since their job priorities are all based on their skills and how you arrange their priorities in their profiles.At the moment, some micro manegement is definitely needed to prevent colonists from starving or dying from dehydration.Remember to create a water fetching job at the well and arrange colonist priorities to actually fetch water eventually. If you don't, they'll happily research themselves to death.Currently, death from a lack of food/water is swift and hard to catch in time when your colonists start dropping. Learned the hard way that I had to pay attention. Sorry about that, first colonists.My second colony went better, until it got overrun by Reapers.Third colony died of starvation again.Fourth colony was annihilated by Imps when a stary survivor lead them in my direction, straight after a failed rescue attempt left me with only 1 injured colonist. Yes... Death... Lots of it...The menu does warn you when choosing ""normal"" difficulty and I have been fittingly punished for assuming this was just a warning for the faint of heart. No. It's hard. Ever tried Resident Evil 1 knife challenge? That kind of hard.Or maybe I'm doing it wrong??Still recommend trying this game out!!!!TLDR:Unforgiving simulation with a nice roadmap.It's one of those games you either love or hate, depending on your mental state! :)"
76561198025434087,Recommended,455980,34670998,Posted: 1 September,all,robertdrake910,"Let me start by saying that if you're looking for a colony management sim, this is not the game for you.  That aspect of the game is exceedingly simple.  Keeping your survivors alive and happy generally amounts to no more than building enough beds, farms, and water wells.  Instead, the home base in this game is more of an R&D facility for developing and crafting better equipment in support of the other aspect of the game:  Combat.Combat in this game will be frequent, as scavenging supplies from the demon infested outside world is a big part of expanding your power quickly enough to stay ahead of the ever increasing demon threat.  It can best be described as squad-based real time strategy with pause.  Success depends heavily on your gear and the placement of your fighters.  In terms of placement, cover is an important aspect of the combat field and will greatly improve your survivability against ranged enemies.  Also, flanking enemies will grant you bonuses both to accuracy and damage.On the negative side, enemy diversity is stat-based only: Hp, damage, attack range, etc.  None of them have special attacks or intelligent attack scripts as of yet.  Your survivors can do a little better, gaining access to special abilities through their gear.  Overall combat can be repetitive, but the steady progress you make grinding through it can be satisfying.My final word is that Judgement: Apocalypse is not the greatest of games, but hey.  It's only $15, and it will probably keep you entertained for a good long while.  I would recommend it to RPG/RTS fans who enjoy base-building features."
76561198089359820,Not Recommended,455980,29074494,Posted: 6 January,all,jkacala127,"I have mixed feelings about this game. There is a small learning curve (which is to be expected) but really within an hour you should be able to understand the game. It's not as involved as a game like rimworld.  It is Alpha, so it's hard to beat up on it too much, and in that reguard it's a good Alpha.The resource system and cratfting system is good but the pace is too slow in way of branching out because you need research books or kits to advance, which are really hard to find. I understand that's the point, but the catch is you have to send your survivors out to different locations to fight the evil baddies and loot the area, which is done for you once you kill the baddies.There really isn't much to the combat, which is one of the downfalls for me. It lacks tactics besides perhaps send one person ahead and hope you don't run into a creature that has a long range attack and try to ambush them. You can't even set up a formation, even if you see a creature you generally dont have time to take cover or get your crew in the right spot. You can pause, but most of the battles are 4-5 seconds so it almost doesn't really fit.Since basically 1/4th of the game at least is based on combat, I feel like a better battle style could have been used. A turn base would be too slow for all the places you have to visit, but I hope it gets improved. Something with the combat just feels off.There are some issues such as the best person not doing the job you want them to even though you set it up so they would, but again it's alpha.I wouldn't say stay away from the game, I'm actually going to keep playing it but I feel for the general public at the moment it doesn't work. The game just needs to be fleshed out a little more, such as the occult rituals aren't that interesting and some you prolly will never use."
,Recommended,455980,30305181,Posted: 3 March,all,Gabi,"Hooolyyy sh...! Thank you so much for this wonderful game! I'm super amazed! I always loved the old ""Doom"" games and read the novels. This game reminds me so much of this Doom atmosphere. Combined with RPG and Survival it's a real dream to play this game! I'm happy to have bought it and look forward for the updates in the future."
76561198032705817,Recommended,455980,32836379,Posted: 26 June,all,shadeling,"I'm really loving this game!  And I think, for me, the best thing about it of all is.... no zombies!!!! Fricken halle-f'n-lujah!! I can't express just how sick to death I am of the seemingly never ending zombie fad that has pervaded survival type games for the past few years,  so finding a professionally created indie game that doesn't include f'n obiquitous zombies from hell is a huge A ++++ in my book right from the start.  Finally, someone is thinking outside the box! It's about damn time too.Even though Judgement is still in SEA, I've been playing for 50+ hours now and not once have I felt that I reached a wall in development and had to stop playing to patiently wait for the next update. Not that there's anything wrong with that, mind you, because there's nothing wrong with buying in to games early that you have a good feeling or are hopeful about and just want to support, but I'm just bringing that up for the folks who aren't fans of early access games mainly because content tends to be on the slim side, usually.The game is very versitile in different play styles, so you can customize your own game for how the different aspects of it will be handled, which is especially handy when you're a new player and are just figuring out the mechanics for the first time, then it can get as hard as you want it to be until you'll be using the number of days you remained alive before the forces of hell came to destroy you as your current 'win' marker.The graphics of this game has gotten some heat, but I have to say, with how much I respect Prison Architecht and RImworld, especially Rimworld for all of the depth it gives you, I find I really prefer the more realistic type graphics of Judgement more. I dunno, I guess I'd need a psychology degree to understand why I gravitate to reallism more than to the cartoonish but all I can say is I dig the graphics and animations more in Judgement than I do for the more simplistically cartoonish/weeble wobble graphics of the games I just mentioned.  That's just a personal preference."
,Recommended,455980,22392393,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MissingNO,"This is RimWorld-Lite with a pretty good tech tree. The upgrades can be difficult to get, and the system is somewhat obscure. In order to get the upgrade you want to make something, you need to HAVE some of that stuff already! To be able to mine, for example, to get metal, you have to first have some metal to unlock mining! It's like that for a number of upgrades.To get the stuff for unlocks, you need to travel to a location and scavange what you need. Combat will take place there, and you get the items if you kill the enemies. Then you automatically go back to base and if you have the right ingreedients, you can then upgrade.Combat is the weakest part of the game right now. It's pretty watery, with no options apart from movement and a base attack. Hopefully the combat will be upgraded in the future.Some of the tech tree isn't ready yet, no worries, you get a good idea of what's coming.As well as crafting upgrades, there is magic. So far the magic that I've unlocked just lets me make it rain, grow trees and get other mundane resorces. There is a spell I've just unlocked that apparently lets you find survivors, but I haven't seen any options to be able to use that so far.Your base will get invaded with increasing frequency by creatures of increasing difficulty. If you don't keep up by training your peeps and giving them better weapons, plus getting other survivors to join, you *will* die. This IMHO could do with toning down, but Early Access.I would say keep an eye on it and see how it goes. They have a great framework here, and it is very playable so far, but if you already have Rimworld then there really isn't much here right now to differentiate this game from that."
76561198007178612,Recommended,455980,34171123,Posted: 11 August,all,Diarmuhnd,"one of those rare early access games that does NOT disapoint.the Dev has shown to be a hard working fanatic who listens to the feedback from his players.The graphics are NOT for everyone, but the game play and brutality of a Demonic Appocalypse is rather fun.It has Base building, gathering, farming, character progresion and options to make it as easy, or as hard as YOU wish.Watch some youTube vids to see if this would be your cup of warm sacrificial blood or not.I'm glad i decided to support this a while ago, the new updates have been fun to test."
,Recommended,455980,27873641,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Globalism suckz,"Bought the game during the Thanksgiving sale and man it plays really well. No Bugs encountered and the game is in Alpha. The game is about a group of survivors hiding in the woods because a Demonic Apocalypse is happening around them in the towns and cities. You soon find out they come from Gates/Portals from Hell. Your mission is too survive and rebuild society in the Valley...This game is a basic resource gathering/Colony management game with skill trees. The survival aspects reminds me alot of The War is mine. The unique part of the game though is  Occult practice/Dark Rituals  where you basically practice Dark Magic... To understand the enemy you have to study them! So basically you build your base from nothing to something epic by building housing, beds, farms, finding water resources, crafting weapons and armors, recruiting survivors etc...you study Science Tech and Occult rituals to combat Demons and refine your new home."
76561198000696057,Not Recommended,455980,34789534,Posted: 7 September,all,Bat,"I'm a big simulation game person. It's all I've known, ever since my first game of SimAnt, or Rollercoaster tycoon. I also understand that they are non-linear games, and thus, programming non-linear games is a whole different beast than your FPS's and RPG's, where things can be easily scripted and predicted.Recently, I've fallen in love with Rimworld, Prison Architect, and (especially) factorio. These are the big guys in the simulation world today, and at this time I take that into consideration when judging other games of this genre.Judgement: Apocalypse has a good idea of what it wants to be. It wants to give the player options and freedom to play the game how they see fit. But to this idea, it is not executed in a good way. There are multiple branches of research, but with each limited by finding ""research items"", which are found randomly. By the time you generate enough points to research everything, you're just waiting to find that random find to continue. And the enemies scale horribly. I'm sure another reviewer can tell you what the scaling is based on, as I don't know. I just know that by the time you see multiple reapers and minor demons, you're barely still trying to get your people armed with♥♥♥♥♥♥tier weapons that won't leave a mark on them. You're left taking on impossible missions with♥♥♥♥♥♥gear, just waiting for those lucky drops that get you to the next tier of research. I've seen others claim that the game is brutal and unforgiving. They are right. But they are right in the wrong way. It is brutal, and from what I've seen, the key to success is very linear. You have to build everything the right way, and have luck on your side. It just doesn't leave much room for variation.And as a simulation/sandbox game, it leaves very little room for customization. You start off being able to build little ""cabins"" that are either 2X2 or 3X2, where you fit your little objects in. It upgrades to stone, but there is no drag/customize features. Everything is static. You build a garden or you don't.I suppose a lot of criticism comes from the fact that they stole from Rimworld with their ""priorities"" menu where you can sort the improtance of tasks for each person. This is a big mechanic in Judgement. Recently ""Oxygen Not Included"" did the same. I own that and I've played it, but it also leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Both of these games leave me feeling stale. Good ideas, but poor execution.I didn't want to refund Judgement, because I think there is potential. Also, and mainly, because I encourage development of the genre. This is likely a first for many of their staff, and should be a learning experience. You guys had a good idea. Just work on it and polish it and you're good to go."
76561198028561187,Recommended,455980,22376582,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[AC],"My first 4 hours has been awesome, loved the art style, the animation, the game mechanic and everything in it.an EA game that looks so much like an actual release game.You will like this game because- crafting stuffs {house, veg farm(food), animal farm(fur, clothing), mine}- gathering stuffs (scrapes, medicine etc)- LOOTing!! (exploring, scavenging)- KILLing DEMONS! (it's a demon invasion :p)- GUNS! (I saw a glock!)- SURVIVAL!- and there are other survivals like you!so much potentialbought itplayed itLoved itRated itand Recomend it!"
,Recommended,455980,31187043,Posted: 16 April,all,somasatori,"This game fits the same mold as other base-building survival games, like RimWorld or Dwarf Fortress. It's far more simplified than either of those two, but there's a similar feel to it. Right now it's a very limited state (it IS in alpha, so obviously it would be). I'll explain my main issues and what I'd like to see below (spoilers):* There isn't much in the way of research and you can usually get all of your technologies fairly quickly if you know how to manage your resources enough. Despite that, there's no method to success when it comes to technology. If you wind up with a bunch of survivors who are great with hand-to-hand combat and not particularly great with ranged weapons or get a penalty with them, then you could hold off on researching firearms technologies in favor of base-building things. Despite that, I'd like to see technologies more fleshed out and maybe have a few more.* There's a neat dichotomy between holy magic and dark magic in the game. They don't appear to have anything to do with what you do, though. I kind of expected there to be some consequences when I loaded up some demonic weapons on my scavenger crew considering we're fighting demons. It seems like that could be expanded into an almost alignment-based situation.* I would like to see more buildings. As it stands, there's a lot of customizing you can do with your base, but you do eventually reach a cap where the only thing you need to keep building are outbuildings for beds for the survivors you rescue in late game.* The class system is kinda meh.* Combat is awesome. It's very difficult and requires you to be very tactical about how you approach fighting. Sometimes fights can only be won by splitting your scavenger group and having multiple lines of fire, or sacrificing a  weak melee character in favor of taking something down with more poweful firearms.* I absolutely love the lore but wish the devs would expand on it, maybe drop books and tomes you can find occasionally that'll explain what happened to make the world get to this state.All in all, this is a pretty awesome post-apocalyptic simulator/strategy game with RPG elements. It's worth the price and it's been a long while since I wound up losing a whole day to an early access game. I would highly recommend this."
76561198002892819,Recommended,455980,29758039,Posted: 7 February,all,[TAW] Drama King,"I will give this game thumbs up and I am willing to see what the devs are going to add to this game in future.What I like about this game:1) surviving and managing your base is well made2) easy to learn3) addictive gameplayWhat I want to see to be improved or changed:1) 1 tree gives you only 4 wood2) combat system is not bad, but not good ether, just average. Maybe something like turn based combat system could be an improvement.Overall a good solid game, I give it 8 out of 10 stars."
,Recommended,455980,33546503,Posted: 14 July,all,Acerbic,"I am loving this game. I admit, I was looking for a zombie survival/base builder originally, but then I saw this and... well, honestly, it's better than any zombie survival/base builder I've come across. It has everything I want; base building (obviously) scavenging, crafting, exploration. The combat is more than decent, neither easy nor particularly difficult, and the controls are fairly simple to learn. It is more than worth the cost, which is more than can be said for a lot of the games on steam that are supposedly finished.The one and only con, in my opinion, is the fact there is currently no real connection between the player and the survivors. One of my survivors died, and I replaced him 5 minutes later. It's not the worst con a game can have, but it does make it feel a little bare for me, personally."
76561198059740220,Recommended,455980,27909748,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BigRowdy,"Ok Here is the deal....The combat system....meh. BUT the design and progression of the other things are brilliant. The AI is really good ad the pacing and crafting are excellent.If you like colony management and research and crafting I say a big YES to this one. 9/10After a long time a review update...the game is getting better all the time, albeit slowly. glad to see other reviews are now a realistic evaluation of this game..."
76561198011822645,Recommended,455980,32596292,Posted: 20 June,all,Moogz,"This game is a great simulation game and it has a nice take on the post Apocalyptic genre in that they use demons not Zombies.   The game was good before the update, and is even better after the new update.  The systems are clearer, and you can tell the developers really want the game to do well with the differences in the updates.   Totally worth it for the current price!   I can't get enough of it."
76561198059053147,Not Recommended,455980,23305789,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nero,"The first time I played this game I had a lot of fun. I still do, only I can't play too often or I get bored.Why? Because it's a small game. There's really only one way to win this game, one road to walk to reach the end.First time I played, I thought that the human and demon technology operated separetly, and you could play one or the other.Grave mistake, actually you start with human, and end with demon tech.This is what I really don't like in this game, there's only one road you can take to win, so when you restart ur game, you'r basically repeating the actions you did previously.About the fights, I like the mechanisms, only wish there was more available weapons. Also, when you fight at designed locations, kill some demons, and then retreat, the demons respawn, which is nonsensical because when you'r fighting against an army of demons, unless you've packed your survivors with medkit, you can't kill them all in one swoop.It's really sad because when I play, I'm always thinking of finding ""the right path"", the correct number of survivors to not use too many ressources, but at the same time, enough to quicken the construction and research. The right time to research in human tech tree or demon one. Scavenge ressources needed. Protect my base...Everything in this game is about making the correct decision. And you'r often wrong at first, because the right paths are limited if you'r thinking of beating this game.Still the game is only in beta, so I keep my hope that when the game is in its finished version the game mechanic will be improved."
76561198122219450,Recommended,455980,32057154,Posted: 29 May,all,PreMexBro,I love this game! Devs if your reading this please add SteamWork shop So much can happen and be done with this game!
,Recommended,455980,25626941,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,duruthegn,"Very torn on this game, I am giving it a thumbs up due to the fact that i don't feel ripped off or anything, but almost everything about it feels kindof cheap. The actual gameplay isn't very rewarding and I feel like i'm playing a kongregate game....The level of management/strategy (kite them on the right path into your ranged units) isn't very stimulating and the only difference with other games i've played is that there are no zombies in this one. I am not a huge advocate for turnbased strategy in combat, but here it would do a world of difference. Take out the FoW and put in some chess)I can see some potential but just given the blandness of the direction thusfar i wouldn't throw money at it unless you are really hard up for a flash game.Thumbs up for now in hopes i am proven wrong in the longrun, but a very strong ""buy it on sale"" recommendation."
,Recommended,455980,28677433,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,fishermonkeyusa,"This has been a great game so far... and I was actually able to play ""a whole game"" without any issues... What does that mean? Well, think of it as if you were watcihng a TV series and it's at the end of Season 1 where the survivors finally see the Demon portal... then... Cliffhanger... So the story is not finished yet, but there is more coming...Anyway, I played Alpha 10 and loved it... there are still game mechanics (specifically in combat) that need to be improved, but overall, an extremely playable and enjoyable game...I spent 27 hours over the last few days playing this (on the easiest level) to get to the portal... could probably have done it in less, but it was interesting to explore...It's well worth the money!Can't wait till the full release!"
,Recommended,455980,33664635,Posted: 19 July,all,Pad Thai Rad Guy,"I got this game during the steam summer sale of 2017. I LOVE these types of games. This game has almost everything on point. The surival aspect is great, but gets hard a little too fast. It is definitely challenging and makes you want to keep playing. There are still a few bugs that they need to get out, but the developers are spot on with bug reports and problems with game. Every person I have seen that reports something gets responded to within 48 hours, and the bug is patched out if possible. I don't have many hours on it so far, but I am definitely going to continue playing the game hoping for more and more updates and add ons to this game. I highly recommend it if you love any type of simulation games.EDIT: The new update came out with traders this week! Fantastic update. Fixed a lot of things that made the game slow. Going on scouting missions is quicker now that there is auto resolve feature. Traders are nice to get some extra stuff, but I hope they get better stuff over time. For some odd reason when I get more then 10 survivors, it lags if there is any amount of speed selected. Other than that, I still love this game."
76561197977256311,Recommended,455980,22489715,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Avlon,"I am impressed. 31 hours so far, finally took out a Hellgate. Was quite the challange. This game pulls you in quickly if you like the crafting, base building, character building, skill tree, mob fighting, exploration type games. Devs are all over it, responding in the forums, fixing bugs, keeping its player base informed. Pushed updates and bug fixes promptly. Have a few teasers in skill trees (coming soon!). I really look forward to see what this turns into. Its worth every penny."
,Recommended,455980,28081878,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,cTLuLuL,"I thoroughly enjoy this game. It is a wonderful balance between managing my village and slowly overcoming the evil in the game.The only cons that I can find at this time are:- There is terrible FPS lag when you have a larger base- ""Priority"" doesn't work as it should (please see below)The priority selection does not allow adequate coverage; I am always scrambling to change the priority to ensure that I have a balance of weapons, food, and armor. Yet, it never seems that I am able to keep up with the need for my survivors. Currently, have 7 people that are assigned to only craft, but I am still running into food shortages and the inability to keep my survivors armed. Maybe I'm missing something with the priority system, but I feel that I'm doing all that I can in the game's current state.The only change that I would suggest is an addition to the ""Investigate"" option. What they have currently is good, however, I am looking for an option to set my team to go to each location without my guidance. Not meaning to mention another game, but possibly a ""Danger"" rating depending on how well-equipped and how many survivors are being sent to an area, similar to Rebuild. This option could allow the early-game to be focused on strategy, and late-game focused on maintaining the village or vice-versa.All in all, I would recommend this game!"
76561197966467389,Recommended,455980,32417707,Posted: 14 June,all,RickJames,"The game feels great. The dev's are doing an amazing job in keeping the game interesting and truelly listen to the community. Since the latetst update, it feels like the game hasn't been fixed but rather had a free DLC. Really love this game and looking forward to see what this leads to.The money is well spend. You won't be dissapointed.Devs, please for all gamers sake, keep up your great work.Cheers."
76561198008110711,Recommended,455980,30283168,Posted: 2 March,all,bckh04,Awesome Potential..could trade blows with Rimworld one day...Love this type of game..battle missions will and need to be worked on a little..cannot wait to see the end project..
76561198054774003,Recommended,455980,26305885,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Inku Dat Pinku,"While I absolutely am in love with the experience for the simulation and the combat scenes, in some instances the number of bugs that can occur in this game is very off putting.In some instances, this game will end up freezing as I move characters across the screen, or if I'm having my moments of being impatient and I speed up the process for my characters to gather products / do x number of actions, the game will crash/freeze up.In other instances, there are times where my characters can not use their items during combat scenes. Such as healing, hexes, or the shields I've provided them, making their chances for combat less than ideal. It's gone to the extent that from the beginning of the game I don't mind the combat scenes, to the further progression of the game that I'm starting to dread them because of the wasted efforts on my resources to provide my characters their ""ammunition"" to fight.I look forward to see what the next installments will bring, but please fix these bugs!!!"
76561197993500303,Recommended,455980,23709317,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gorebane,"Although I exhausted the existing content in about 6 hours, it looks like a very promising post apocalypse survival sim. I'm very much looking forward to this game fleshing out."
76561198030374060,Recommended,455980,31266350,Posted: 20 April,all,Nukealope,"Demons everywhere.  Waves of them crashing on my base, and hunting me on resource and rescue missions.  I'm fighting a losing battle, when I finally learn to mine minerals out of the ground.  Wait, I can make composites with this stuff!  Now, if I can just hold out long enough to horde my little cash of minerals and learn to craft the SWEET .50 caliber sniper rifle!  Surely it will stop them.Days roll by, and the final wave comes before I can craft my huge .50 cal.  My short range crossbows and Glocks ring out.  I barely survive.I equip my new .50 to my best markman, with all the best gear.  Take him out for a spin, and to get some sweet resources.Uh oh, Casper the ghost, times three, backed up by Fallen Angels, the artillery.  Each my shorts.Then I smile as each Casper is head shot trying to close the distance on my monster .50 cal sniper rifle.  One shot drops.  As the Angles approach, they can only survive two shots each before going down.  The days of getting sniped are over!Would watch Casper get one shot dropped over and over again.  10/10"
76561198001636105,Recommended,455980,30456562,Posted: 11 March,all,Scarlet,"This is an extremely fun game that will keep you entertained for a while if you enjoy survival/crafting games where you balance between attacking and defending.I have a few complaints with the game though, so here is a few tweaks that I think should be considered if the devs are releasing any upcoming patches.1. The difficulty Settings. Easy is well... just too easy, and normal is too damn hard to just be ""Normal"" its hard to pick the game up on normal or easy depending on the experience you are looking for. The best setting to get used to the games mechanics stem better from playing on custom settings.Suggestion- Seperate the difficulties into Beginner/Easy/Normal/Hard/Insane, and keep the custom feature.2. My next complaint with the game is how the resource system works, specifically when scavenging local areas for loot, it just feels like enemies in these areas are just too god damn strong to even consider risking going. Im sitting in my base crafting scraps because searching for them is far too risky, that being said, gaining things like ""research"" (The book not the research points you get from doing experiments) are also much harder to get, all while the enemies just keep, getting, so much stronger and more numerous.3. Debuff events - They seem to happen too frequently and almost never go away. I researched to get rid of the blood moon which buffs enemy attack by 30%! THIRTY ♥♥♥♥ING PERCENT, that is HUGE. and once I finally researched the occult points to remove this, the son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ came right back a few minutes later! WHY? Can't there be a window in which these events cannot happen again once you spend the resources to remove them?Most of these events happen way too soon, far beyond your colony's capabilities to be able to deal with them, so you just have to sit and deal with the debuffs to your colony for a while, and once removed, they spur back up. Thats seriously unfair to the player. Maybe seperate these occult magics into an event that you can search out and destroy to remove them similar to the werewolf debuff that causes one of your colonists to howl and generate 25% more awareness.4. Enemies move too damn fast upon entering your map. This gives you so little time to prepare by getting them into proper position, Increase the map size, or give a small window in which you see what side they are coming from so you can better prepare your colony.5. Enemy Attack mechanics- Seriously, this one is a huge peeve of mine, Enemies, as long as they can ""start"" their attack, the attack lands, regardless of weither the player is out of line of sight or range of the enemy, by the time the attack should ""Hit"" the colonist, this is very very frustrating when you are trying to micro your colony.Most notably like Legions, if you're trying to circle kite them, you can get literally several lengths of distance away from it but if even a pixil of enough distance is between you where they can startup their attack, it lands, long after you've moved very well far enough out of their attack range.6. Remove the immediate damage colonists suffer upon starving. Replace it with a debuff that increases in tiers, from at first causing a weakened state, then progressing to damage. It actually takes a long long time to starve to death, but here, it happens too fast.7. Make scrap armor only require well- Scraps. The worse thing is not being able to equip your colonists early on against the ever progressive horde of demons.8. Loot gained from missions- Rescue and event missions should contain some small form of loot like scraps, medicines, ect.9. Ability to remove or move ""Houses""Overall I know thats a huge list of  blemishes on an otherwise extremely fun game, so don't let them discourage anyone, this game is meant to be challenging, but give me challenge in the form of challenge, not by handicaping me!"
76561198008942632,Recommended,455980,34069064,Posted: 6 August,all,thewul,"Definetly a thumbs up.Compared to Rimworld the ""manage/care for your pawns""- element is far (!) simpler, but you get completely different game mechanics (the occult part) and a much deeper research tree. graphics is ... similarly simple (meeeehhh).The ""explore the world"" element is two or three release cycles ahead (!) of Rimworld.tl;dr worth teh money..."
76561198078942544,Recommended,455980,32008318,Posted: 27 May,all,Sixxed,"Satisfying combo of survival, defense and exploration. Most recent update made the game much more visually pleasing, especially during your ""base time"" which is most of the early game.Favorite thing: Being able to shape your survivors skills in meaningful and branching ways. Makes you more invested in your group.Least favorite thing: Tech tree progress stops and can be held up by chance. You have to find research materials to unlock certain branches, but In my 18 hrs on 4 or 5 different groups of survivors I have yet to see research materials.Feature wishlist: Interactions between survivors. I know this can screw up time efficiency, but it can make for some pretty cool emergent gameplay. Won't name names, but on another game I had a survivor group go all to hell because one my people was a hussy. Everyone got mad at eachother and started abandoning one another during fire fights. While I'm certainly not looking for a promiscuous priest, it would be nice to see anything that adds to emergent gameplay."
,Recommended,455980,33540627,Posted: 14 July,all,SevenTheDevil,"I'm a big fan of city builders, base builders, colony builders, etc. and this fits in right with the pool.For early access it doesn't seem to have alot of bugs which is a good thing."
76561198042809773,Recommended,455980,26448355,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,tsl24,"As of Alpha 9, its a fairly well realized survival/strategy game in the same vein as rimworld.  It might not be as modular, but certainly worth the $15.  I'm looking forward to its development."
,Recommended,455980,34321040,Posted: 17 August,all,Silent.Anguish,"This is a great colony/survival management game. It's not quite as deep in the things you can do as say Rimworld, or at least it appears to me by looking at the tech tree but it does represent the setting well. It's definitely enjoyable.This is shaping up well as an early access and the devs seem to be quite active.My only gripe is with the artstyle which kinda turned me off but the gameplay makes it bearable. This depends on your sense of aesthetics so YMMV."
76561198042935314,Recommended,455980,34088458,Posted: 7 August,all,Tekvorian,Lots of fun if you like this game genre! Buy it! Worth the money even in early access (see my played hours).Make sure you play with update 13 though (beta branch). Lots of good improvements there compared to update 12 (which is lots of fun too still).
76561198054760152,Recommended,455980,22717862,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Stress!!!!!,After 20 hours of playing this game I can say I do like this game. It is not the best game I played and still in developement but 20 hours of entertainment for the euro's it costed me is cheap. And I will play this game again in a few weeks after the next patch\improvement.  The game needs some improvementbut for a game that is still in alpha it is realy playable and even more important.. Fun to play!
,Recommended,455980,29793157,Posted: 8 February,all,laminae,"Great Base building survival game. Absolutely addictive, can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,455980,32748084,Posted: 24 June,all,RosieCheeks,"Played 8 hours straight and made it to the end of the storyline available in the current version. Really fun base building game, I enjoyed all the base mechanics. The scouting functions are fun too, but the combat feels a little sparse. Random events very entertaining. Found myself kitting out one particular survivor in all the best gear and marking him as the new messiah. Would recommend."
76561198155820797,Recommended,455980,22748429,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,walkerjusty,I can't believe that this is an Alpha release as I have just played a really well formed game without any problems. It has a bit of a This War of Mine feel about it because you have to build up your supplies to be able to unlock new things and the game gets harder as new survivors join your group and you have to feed them. Definitely recommended.
76561197973171764,Recommended,455980,33927301,Posted: 31 July,all,Carcosa,Great game. Well worth the money even at this stage in development.
76561198001841569,Recommended,455980,30529684,Posted: 15 March,all,Caridous,"A good mix of Rim World, State of Decay, Factorio, and Rebuild: Gangs of Deadsville, plus its own unique elements.For sure suggested for fans of Rim world who are looking for something different.Looking forward to the finished product (which doesn't seem far away)"
76561198033053463,Recommended,455980,30760394,Posted: 26 March,all,Sjur,"This game is a lot of fun .  It is early access and there are still some issues, I recommend the game with these random notes:The artwork, story, and atmosphere all reinforce the idea of a nice apocalpyse/survival game.The differences in difficulties are very noticeable (as other revieweres note).  Starting on various settings with different difficulties produced very different games with very different outcomes and gameplay.I appreciate the mod support.I feel like the game still needs tuning and balance, espcially in crafting/building/research.   Some of the costs and requirements don't quite align for me.The reviews, both positive and negative, hit on a lot of the relevant gameplay issues and references for similar games.  The game play sits in a nice middle ground for me, between the much more involved and complex games and the overly simple  games."
76561197966393740,Recommended,455980,30628867,Posted: 19 March,all,General Von Bock,"I'm very impressed.  Worth the price.   Pretty well balanced.  This is a game that starts simply enough but is epic once you get your feet wet.  You're going to lose people.  you can't avoid it.  It just means the ones who survive long term that much more meaningful.Pros:  crafting system is great - takes a lot of effort to get high End stuff but it's worth it, spells and magic system are pretty cool, system mechanics are great once you get used to it, definitely reminds me of fallout from back in the day, lots of varied enemiesCons:  please get rid of the audio with the magic research or turn it way way down, maps can get repetitive when exploring, character progression is really good - until level 5 and that's it, the food crafting seems a little clunky, no reason to craft anything other than bread unless you really want to micromanage"
76561198065699718,Recommended,455980,34883953,Posted: 11 September,all,dkou,"Dangerously addictive game. Initially the game will let you fall on your face while you try and figure out how to get water/food if you're too good for the tutorial. After this brief period however, you find yourself finding survivors, caring about their safety while you take on the hordes of daemons. Well worth a few dollars for many hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,455980,30269754,Posted: 1 March,all,Buck.Wild,"I love the concept, certainly needs alot of polish and balancing. However I can't say I am a huge fan of the prefab buildings, I would prefer click and drag walls and placeable doors for building construction but maybe that's just me. Even with a small amount of time playing I can tell that this game has a lot of potential and gives me a satanic rimworld sorta vibe. Cool points in my book."
,Recommended,455980,30668969,Posted: 22 March,all,danielxancient,"Survival game with NO ZOBIES ATTACHED!!! Finally:)Intriguing game  to play: Demons, Werewolfes, Succubs...but where are the Angels???It is all about surviving but with different approach to it...Armageddon just happened a few days ago and after all the evil came down to Earth to punish human race by burning all the cities and killing most of the people, only a bunch of them managed to survive.You will  need to build a small settlement from scratch. You will need also fight, rescue, and camouflage yourself or entire village to prevent from being spotted and wipe out from the surface of Earth.You will have to sell your soul to Dark Magic (just for a while) to be able to craft dark weapons, courses, some other dark stuff that Iam afraid to mention here to kill Demons ,Grim Reapers etc,etc.There is also sneaking around involved just like when you have to go to the nearest town full of Evil creatures to scavenge some materials or to rescue and recruit a new member to you village.The graphics are hand drawn but wonderful, characters are fully customizable starting from hair color to the type of boots you're wearing.Each character has proficiency in different areas but those also can get developed as your character progresses.And what matters to me in games like this one is that you  kind of getting attached to your characters as the game goes on which is sometimes cool but sometimes painful when your crew member die.Skill tree is a bit to big for me and not clear enough but I'm sure this will get sorted out soon.Still in early access but very playable without any major bugs or glitches.I think it would be a great idea for developers to send some Angels down to Earth.This could put some nice ballance to the game ;)Very addictive!!!:)I'm amazed...The recent update implementet a lot of stuff we (gamers) were talking about on Trelo. Developers improved graphics and the game looks more vibrant and colourfll.The skill tree was redesigned and now it's easy to work on it.The map was improved as well and we got extra new things such as biomes and new points of interest.A button "" Task Forces"" was added where you can manage and deploy you special team to do hard task of rescuing or scavenging.Absolutly great work from developers.Thank you ;)"
76561198140834325,Recommended,455980,30176443,Posted: 25 February,all,LeMEME,"Had a lot of fun! Replayability is  a major factor that made me enjoy this game, you create your own story, you may chose to be a farming community that  has mostly farms, or be a though colony, mostly militarized and survives of looting and scavenging resources, that does anything to survive. And theres a thing that makes me like this game even more, zombies, or the lack of them. All of the survival games you see have the ZOMBIE APOCALIPSE scenario, but here its different, demons roam the earth now!Recommend it, recommend it even more if you love survival games!"
,Recommended,455980,25850738,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,tieio,"Very good game, especially for early access. I am quite excited to see what else they add to this. I love building up bases and defending them and scavenging for resources, this is a terrific game with all of these aspects.They just keeping adding more and more, and the new content so far has been all positive and makes the game more immersive."
76561198066333644,Not Recommended,455980,32393956,Posted: 13 June,all,scoop,"a nice little game that keeps you on your toes with increased difficulty, even when  it´s just a hassle and not a real difficulty.the AI is basic, the options fairly limited.. and yet player characters keep dying. Not because the game is really hard, but because it was made hard artificially. if other games would  be designed with that kind of mechanic , AI opponents would either be bullet sponges (hello The Division), or you are basically doing nothing all the time than wotrking for basic life support of food and water. Imagine games like rimworld or ARK where you can almost do nothing else because it´s so damn ""hard"" to find something to eat / drink.now imagine how fun that is. right, it wouldn´t be.BUT: once you get over this steep cliff, you see that this game is fairly.. ok.not more not less. ok.was it worth the price i paid  ? yeah I guess so. 1€ / hour of gameplay. that´s ok.better than a bad movie.but, in the current state i cannot really recommend the game."
76561197989121236,Recommended,455980,26203946,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,alexchankinto,"right, this game is a good and fun games to play. it is kind of like a sand box game, building, reseaching etc. but it has got a big downfall in this game, also it is kind of deadly too, which is not to the player but to the computer. you will required a huge amoumt of RAM, because in late game you will have a  big population, as for each being, the system will create a rundl32.exe on the back ground, so like i have got 30 people in the late game, it will open up 30 rundl32 at the background."
76561198307771686,Recommended,455980,32306111,Posted: 9 June,all,Kyserblade43,"This game doesnt get enough attention if you ask me. It has a ton of cool features and is really well balanced for early access, It feels like a finished game in my opinion. Perhaps the only thing it really lacks is a linear story line, yet it does have plenty of lore and cool random encounters/events. 8/10"
76561198074262194,Recommended,455980,28652381,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Flik the Changeling,Well... For an Alpha its darn interesting and good. Lacks some things sure but Im sure they be added. On forgiving mode its still quite hard I say but funny ^^ Maps repeat themselfs waaaaay too much and AI of your people kinda sucks when it comes to battle. But overall its ok ^^
76561198000204236,Recommended,455980,30458698,Posted: 11 March,all,CornerKitten91,"Spend three hours grinding your materials to get a awesome fun and armor, getting the chars to max level, and prepping for the hellgate. Guy to hellgate, all dead, time gone. But it's okay, I killed almost all of them, still have the guns and armor, just going to send some new recruits to finish them off. All enemies are still alive, the kills did not hold...x.x I love, and hate this game so much"
,Recommended,455980,30782208,Posted: 27 March,all,Roach,"What I REALLY want deep down when I buy a new game is:A) Keep me from my friends and familyB) Cause me to stay up way later than usualC) Make me think WAY too much about it like its a love affairNow I am not saying this game is the best or anything but I have to say I am shocked and pleasantly suprised with this game. In its current state I DO RECOMMEND this game. I bought it thinking I might just refund it if not good, 7 hours later I am looking at the clock and its 3 hours later than my usual  bedtime! :DcKind of reminds me of Factorio mixed with Banished"
,Recommended,455980,34636381,Posted: 31 August,all,Beelzeboss,"This game is simply amazing and fun to play. And it's in early-access stage. This should be an example for other early-access games on Steam that fails to improve. I was able to complete every achievements and getting those felt so much fun. If you start playing this, then I would suggest that you should start with easier difficulty just to get the basics of how this game works. After that, try playing it on challenging (or higher difficulty) to see how this game is actually meant to be played. This is similar to 'Rimworld' but it's rather survival than colony builder game. Graphics are okay. The best thing is that this is a survival games with demons, not just another zombie survival game (it's not that I don't love those) and it's unique game.Pros+ Difficulty setting can be modified if you don't like to play default settings. Players can either choose the default settings or make their own diffiulty setting to make the game easier or harder to their liking.+ Modding support. There's still not much mods in the workshop though.+ Decent graphics.+ RTS styled combat system. Some Tower-defence strategies may involve depending on how you play. To me, this is the best part of this game.+ Character Progression and Tech Tree.+ Base-builder, Management and Survival aspects combined.+ Devs are active and responds back if you come up with any problems related to the game. Game is getting updated and improved. It already has a lot of content.Cons- The default difficulty settings for this game felt imbalanced. The easier difficulty felt too easy that I started to get bored playing it until I started playing on challenging difficulty. Only then I started having some fun. But after a while, it gets way too hard to progress in this game because of the constant raids. Sure it's not impossible, it just becomes hard. You can't scavange frequently. When you go for scavanging missions, you have come back to base as soon as possible because the awareness meter fills up really fast and the chances of getting raided by demons become higher. At later stages, if your party fails to come back from scavanging mission on time and you get raided, then you will lose the game because having not enough people to defend the base. You need more people to progress, but then the more people you have, the higher the chance of getting raided frequently. On easier setting, however, you can just skip battles during scavanging with 'auto-resolve' and there will hardly be any raids, and the raids are weak. This is why I said that playing easier difficulty makes the game boring. On the other hand, the challenging difficulty becomes a mental pressure at later stages. These default difficulty settings need some tweaks.- Some random bugs, but these aren't really major.- The random skills you get for a character can sometime be confusing. For example, a charachter with a skill that gives him a penalty to his farming abilty, even though the priority window says this character has higher passion for this ability.Overall, if you like base-building with some management aspects involved, survival, and RTS games, then you would love this. Definitely worth buying for this price."
76561198027284352,Recommended,455980,23128904,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,sapling,"Enjoyable game, very smooth for an early access game. Kept me entertained for 10 hours. Like a mix of Rimworld and This War of Mine if you enjoy those games.Likely won't replay it until more content is released, but will be checking up on it regularly. :)"
,Recommended,455980,33370405,Posted: 8 July,all,RozeRed,"This game is awesome, however as an early access game expect some issue. (I have I'll be opening a thread on the correct page for that and wont get into it here due to the massive list,) The graphics are wonderfully impoved and no longer feel like I'm playing D&D in a high schoolers graph book. The damage to HP rato is nice for your people AND their ablities against the demons. It's worth it even though its a beta."
,Recommended,455980,22579881,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,claptrap22,"I don't write a lot of reviews but I'm doing so pretty early on for Judgment because the game is immediately impressive and is quite polised for an EA game, of which I have and do own many.I landed on Judgment after taking a chance on EndCiv which is nowhere near as polished (yet) or interesting (yet) as Judgment. In Judgment, you constantly manage tasks in order to make sure your people have adequate food, water, and crafting supplies. This entails chopping wood, visiting the water well, and farming. These activities take place on a local 'town' map.But eventually you will need more than you can initially supply so will then visit the world map and send teams to forage for food, medicine, and other supplies. When you visit various locations you can only secure the loot after successfully defeating all the enemies at that location. So this means you must forge weapons and armor.The game additionally has an already extensive tech tree. In all, Judgment has a good flow of the usual gather, craft, survive loop that has become so common in games. What makes it interesting here are two things: 1) the town mangement makes you really feel like you are overseeing the well-being of your community. 2) much more interestingly,  Judgment's backdrop is occult as compared the to the now standard zombie fare. You will eventually research occult tech in order to unlock mystical weapons, etc.In all, Judgment is making a stellar first impression. i will update this review as I plug in the many more hours I know the gmae will draw out of me."
,Recommended,455980,30799387,Posted: 28 March,all,Roku Necrosis,"It's interesting - the theme, gameplay, scope.   The game is stable and reasonably polished - exceptionally so considering it's a 2 man dev team.I am having fun with it, and I would absolutely recommend it."
76561198215792644,Recommended,455980,28777706,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CabotFan42,"I bought this game on sale in very very early development. It is very fun to play, and I often find myself playing for an hour or two at a time. Now that it's got even more upgrades its more challenging but I find myself enjoying it more and more. The upgrade system and build system have improved a lot, the combat is great and it's one of my favorite resource management games to play when I have time. The battles between demons and humans and the weapons crafting have really improved over time and it makes me more excited to play each new patch. Looking forward to the final game.Downsides: Each new update my old save file has been erased and I find myself forced to start over. While it is frustrating it's also understandable as the changes to each version are huge."
76561198200253528,Recommended,455980,30812948,Posted: 29 March,all,MrAnderson,Worth every penny! I will be playing this for many days to come. Thank you Suncrash!
,Recommended,455980,30635920,Posted: 20 March,all,Cyberdemon,"Judgment is a well made game. It reminds me of ""The Last Stand: Dead Zone"". I enjoy the feel of surviving and defending my camp. Rescuing survivors and leveling my group.  Sending my group scavenging for supplies. Researching old technology to better my groups lifes and to defend my base. These are all wonderful aspects of Judgment.~Things that I think the game should work on~1) Letting players customize their members move and more job types. Some of the perks members have are cool and unique but some are real random or off the wall.2)Maybe add a quick group for your favored raiding/scavenging parties.3)Maybe be able to form tactical formations. when scavenging your group gets mixed up a lot. seems a group that has worked together a lot would stay in formation and guard each other better.~Good aspects of the game~1)Reseaching is tough. Then building the item can be hard. Makes you feel like your group accomplished something.2)The map is a nice size. A lot of places to search.Ive played 12 hours of this and its one of the more fun survival games Ive played. I cant wait for more updates. As for if the game is worth the prices. Id say its very close. Im happy with my purchase. Its on its way to being a solid game."
76561197976525405,Recommended,455980,30500934,Posted: 13 March,all,ComGaunt,"So far a wonderful sim which takes up a lot of your time.  I see it as a ""Walking Dead team simulator"" but then the walkers have been replaced with Demons.  So you build, research, harvest and scavenge and get better quick. Very playable, even at this early state."
76561198024593578,Recommended,455980,26535948,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Twisted,I just bought this game and seeing how it's only in alpha I got to say it has a lot of potential. For now I'd say it's only half a game but like I said it's still in alpha but the price is right for what you get as is and it would seem there is a lot more to come
76561197978864955,Recommended,455980,30782036,Posted: 27 March,all,Toriessian,"Very impressed with this early access title. As a base builder its perhaps not as developed as Rimworld, but there are some great mechanics Rimworld doesn't have (and vice versa to be fair) but you could do much worse on Steam than to pick up this title.On another note demons are cool."
,Recommended,455980,33554985,Posted: 15 July,all,Noice,Fun game. Its a bit of a cross between X-com and Don't Starve. Running around blasting demons with guns scratches that itch you didn't know you had. There are a few issues but the game is still in early release.
76561198003381569,Recommended,455980,28620454,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,valefor_sdad,"For a early alpha, this game is tight.VERY NICE music...and gives one a sense of community.NICE change from standard (SO ALONE) games like this.The people you recruit can be given tasks and you can give them inclinations as to what tasks they should prioritize.Get it on sale for sure, but get even if not as this is a game worth trying.Steam Refunds protect  you anyway  :)"
76561198068615700,Recommended,455980,22625471,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Jake,"This is a review of the current state of the game, not the potential for further development.Judgment: Apocalypse Survival simluation is a good sandbox simulation game with randomly generated levels. The game starts out slow paced but gets extremely difficult on the highest setting during the second half of the game. There is alot of replay value here but the campaign is far too short in the current stage. I beat the game in seven hours on the highest difficulty.As with all early access titles there will probably be more to come and you can decide for yourself if the current content is enough to entertain you for $15."
76561198038006855,Recommended,455980,35282016,Posted: 28 September,all,Zombiekiller,Fun game. Not overly complicated or hard to learn. Can't wait for the full release.
76561198038866295,Recommended,455980,31430163,Posted: 28 April,all,Brulis [Qc],"My new favorite game !I was first attracted by this game after seeing my brother playing. Then, put it on wishlist and forgot about it.Couples months after, I decided to finaly buy it and give it a try. It was my best descision ever.This game is simply amazing, a base building game where you need to survive to some beast in an apocalypse world.  Go on mission and loot, kill, save survivor, grow your base, improve your survivor / base, research new technologie.Pro:- Base building (for sure)  :D- Survivor got level up (Only 5, but take a while for them to lvl up and gain good skill as they level up)- Huge map to visit and loot- Slow or fast gaming (depending on what you prefer, you can speed up the time)- Different difficulty, from casual to challenging. Even a custom one, if you want to add or remove some aspect of the game- Many kind of weapon, from simple club to some great firearmsCons:- When traveling in the map, its only an arrow that move and go to your objectif. Would have been better to see more of the world, like The Survivalist...Im trying to find more cons, but there's nothing that come to my mind for now, Im gonna keep on playing this game for a long time. Its highly recommended if you like base building / survival game with perma death"
76561198041692463,Recommended,455980,26062586,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Stevo,"So far, it is a very fun game! Even though it is alpha. I have not yet had a crash or memory lags, quite a few things to do already and the demons get really hard at some point which makes you focus quite a bit on research, there is quite a bit of research to do. Good job!"
,Recommended,455980,33613422,Posted: 17 July,all,robbie.grimm,"I like the setup and buidling up the colony. Even everthing is 2D its fun to watch the colonist work. Research tree and occult rituals are motivating. However, the realtime combat is somewhat a clickfest and sometimes quite annoying. A turnbased combat system would have been maybe more appropriate. The graphics has also a really outdated look. Lets see at release."
76561198020322424,Recommended,455980,32052827,Posted: 29 May,all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,This game is really interesting. As mentioned... In a way almost like RimWorld which is also awesome.About 2 hours in and I like it. 10% off ATM - Worth admission 100% All In.
76561198143641786,Recommended,455980,22710029,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Captain Morgan,"This game is a ton of fun and is super immersive. you havre to incorporate a ton of different elements into it and actually gage which survivors will do best in certain places. my only complaint so far is that the enemies are way to over powered. without fail i will lose one survivor every time i get attacked or go and rescue someone. honestly, the only thing they need to work on is the combat, but everything else is running awesome!"
,Recommended,455980,32572298,Posted: 19 June,all,Crippled_Fetus™,"I have never advised for the purchasing of ANY early access game on Steam, this is because it is my belief that reviewing these games is not accurate because you are purchasing the game at a state in which you are aware that it is unfinished and has the chance of going unfinished forever. That being said;Judgment is the most interesting strategy game I have played in years, 15 dollars is more than fair for the experience it contains currently.  If you buy this game on sale, it's one of the best games you've bought this year and is a total steal.Great game, will log more hours in the years to come.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*Revisited since updates*Judgment continues to surprise with recent updates to the world map and general UI that were both wanted and needed to further the game. I can't speak highly enough about this team that seems to have a true passion for making this game correctly.Another side to the Apocalypse:It has come to my attention that some of the negative reviews for this game don't seem to see the point of the game to begin with; if you are playing on the more difficult settings of this game it is intended that you will have mobs of monsters attack your base that you will think you cannot handle. It's the apocalypse. Remember that if you buy this game, it isn't supposed to be beaten on the hardest difficulties with ease, it will require luck. Just like surviving the apocalypse. Buyer beware, there's no cake at the end of this one."
,Recommended,455980,22577213,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,That1Dude,"FINALLY! A survivor game that doesn't involve zombies and/or graphics from Prison Architech!The Review:J♥♥♥♥♥is a fun, and difficult, survival/horror game with a nifty research and crafting system. Although, I actually found the art style to be the most intersting part of this game. Now, It is in Alpha and it definitely has some bugs (although I didn't crash once), however it has just enough crafting, action, events, and a reseach tree to provide some enjoyable hours ingame. There are some ""coming soon"" research tech that you can at least click and see what it will do, and so far the description of the planned tech has me very excited.Keep up the good work devs!"
76561198019058906,Recommended,455980,22733966,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Catharsis,"This game is worth supporting, it has good depth, huge potential and is extremely challenging. You must make use of every second/resource you acquire because the demons are a coming. Determining what to prioritize and focus on will make or break your colony, and it's pretty easy to get broken. Good bang for your buck."
76561198013133559,Recommended,455980,22730251,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Rockatansky,"This is a neat game, that could become next big Indie Apocalypse simulator.It takes a bit of Constantine and a bit of C class horror films, mixes together with good yet simple strategy.Battles are short, buggy, i.e, opponent can enter your building wall and despite YOU having weapons, you cannot kill him but he kills you.Waiting for updated verssion, at the moment, game is bugged and unballanced.[Edited] -- Most of the annoying bugs have been fixed and gameplay enhanced. I got the game again and was very suprised, how much fun i had this time.Well spend monies and i look forward to more features added :)"
,Recommended,455980,32336657,Posted: 11 June,all,Wilhell,Really well made town builder/survival game. When its complete it will be awesome.
,Recommended,455980,32154447,Posted: 3 June,all,Kennedy,"Cheap, great, indie game."
,Recommended,455980,30482613,Posted: 12 March,all,longshotnl,"Great game, just what i was looking for.My first impression was: meh, average graphics.But once you get into it its ok.Its a kind of jagged alliance but you build your own base.I like the gameplay very much.A lot of fun for this price tag."
76561198128644021,Recommended,455980,32153405,Posted: 3 June,all,Baklava,"I really like this little game. A workshop would be fun to allow community to mod the game. Many scenarios would be nice, far west, medieval, space etc. Great for early access, keep up the good work!"
76561198012313042,Recommended,455980,32260317,Posted: 7 June,all,phelpsuckballs,"A fun entertaining game.  I really enjoyed it.The game has a very straight forward beginning. You advance your group and try to get stronger.  You send out your squad of surviors and try to gather more surviors or resources.The game even generated the character ""Michonne"" from the ""walking Dead."" She was a pretty nice stated survivor.It's in developement, so there is bound to be some issues. I found that there is no real end game at the moment. I built my band of surviors up. We upgraded pretty well. I had several important surviors with high or max levels that I cherished.  The others were just for slave labor of course.   So I attempt to fortify my base. I encircle it with barrels and create a nice entrance. As  time goes on, I realize the mechanics for base defense are just doomed for failure. It's virtually non existent and impossible to have unless you plan for it and start getting your surviors in position NLT 89% awareness. (no garantees that you won't be attacked earlier than this)  I bult myself an ""early warning outpost"". Sounds awesome. it will give me early warning.  So my prized fighter ""seth sits at the edge of the map righ at the entrance to my base.  I feel confident that he's close enough to get back to base in time.   Wronnnnngggo... Early warning thing doesnt work as far as i'm aware.   The message for the impending attack pops up.  I send seth back through the entrance. (its maybe like a 10 grid walk to where the bunker is).  He's immediately swarmed with demons.  Seth is dead.  The horde comes through and kills most of my survivors before i can even get them into proper position.So there is no real end game as far as i can see at the moment. You just get hit by swarms at your base and you can't defend it properly.   Early access though. So the game is looking good. Just don't expect to win at the moment.  I expect this to get better"
76561197993672933,Recommended,455980,34790815,Posted: 7 September,all,Nogaxeh,"Good game, great concept. I just have a few issues with it.Firstly upgrades. When you get so far through the tech trees you need certain items from locations in the game to continue down a specific tech tree. Research Papers. The problem is, due to the RNG of the location of these research papers you are often left with only one or two options. Taking the wrong one leaves you utterly boned.Second gripe I have with this game is combat. The demons are insanely powerful, especially the further you progress. While there is a cover system in the game it hardly feels impactful in any way, with limited options as to how you can defend yourself with base defenses. This results in the optimal play being just to wall things off, and when you get attacked, try to funnel the demons into a killing zone.All in all it is a good game, which is why I will give it a thumbs up. There are a lot of options to adjust difficulty to your liking and set your own pace. If I gave it a rating, I'd give it a 5 out of 10. Worth it if you are into this genre of game, and with a few tweaks to the systems that are in place, would be worth it even if you weren't."
76561198215021300,Recommended,455980,30683228,Posted: 23 March,all,gidioni01,"quite amazing game,,, need enemy difficulty adjustements...reguler bugs but eh... also cant craft the sniper ;( wont showstill enjoyable though thanks suncrash!!"
76561197997080547,Recommended,455980,32118990,Posted: 1 June,all,SomeDevGuy,Really enjoying it so far.  To me it can be fairly difficult and slow progress. I've failed a few attempts but it is fair.
76561198055404694,Recommended,455980,35376418,Posted: 1 October,all,Jimmymcmillan32,"Judgment: Apocalypse Survival Simulation is a colony simulation game with tactical combat that takes place in the midst of a demon apocalypse. The gates of hell have opened and unleashed relentless demons into the world -- but you can fight back! Guide a group of survivors through the mayhem -- hiding from hellspawn and building a sanctuary. Survive by gathering resources, crafting equipment, defending your base and sending teams to scavenge for supplies. Research human technologies and practice the dark arts to find a way and send the demons back to hell.I am an avid stategy game player and i found myself trying to keep all my characters safe and if they died i had to start again very frustraiting.Good game and one i can always return too."
,Recommended,455980,30694189,Posted: 23 March,all,Power Button,"You like Rimworld do you?...Yes this game is almost the same as the other. A colony simulation but this one is not focused in colony building, no inter character relationship or canibalism.Summary:This game focused on combating the devil apocalypse, devil spawns that roam the world looking for unfortunate human to be their meals, or something. Your objective is to find the cause of this apocalypse and put an end to it.Started with only one base and a handful of survivor, you have to scavenge, harvest resources, planing your defense in order to protect your occultists as they are researching how to put an end to this demon scourge.Upgrade your survivor, gear them up with the best equipment you can craft.Gameplay & Design:It's a survival simulator. You build your base, make improvements and then go scavenging. There's a world map with representative icons for its location. Schools, hospitals, factory, etc. You can send your survivors there but only 5 survivors could do that, stealthily gather the resources or just kill all the demons and get all the rewards, your choice. Some research breakthroughs need items that can only be obtained by scavenging.The combat is simple, just like traditional RTS but the hitbox is too wide in my opinion and the animations are a no no. But for me, I really don't care. It's acceptable because it was overshadowed by the concept of the game. I'm not a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ so it's okay.Music:The music is perfectly blend in with the atmosphere of the game, especially when you go scavenging or doing stealth mission. At first, when no enemies notice you, the music is calm and lil bit eeire, but when you see an enemy, but it didn't see you, the music started to play lil bit upbeating. But when an enemy spots you, the music will be very upbeating and it's like ""Time for action!""Graphic:I dunno, it's 3D with some hand-drawn objects? I'm not quite sure, but it's look like a hand-drawn for me, especially those workbenches. Like I said before the animation is a no no, especially in combat. Walking and running animation is good though.Enjoyment:I'm having a blast playing this game, my playtime is only 4 hours when I write this review but I will be back for more. Having to take care of your survivors, improve them, prepare them for the upcoming battle, it's just my kind of game, and most importantly, they are randomly generated, you never know what combination of survivors you would have in your disposal. Final verdict, it's a 8/10, it's a good game.You like Rimworld do you? You should try this one. It's in Early Access, but in the roadmap it'll be released in May 2017. Can't wait to see the finished products.Edit: Now the release date changed into Q3 2017, they sure take their time to make it better."
,Recommended,455980,32078380,Posted: 30 May,all,benedikth,For an early access game this is amazing. It starts off slow but you can easily become self suficient and kill hordes of demons within a few hours. The only annoying thing is reseach because certain requirments take so long to fullfill and some fps drops. besides that it is a great game
,Recommended,455980,34999304,Posted: 16 September,all,Centronus,"great potential, good conept, worth a try if you like this type of base building/build up kick♥♥♥♥♥party/ kick deamon♥♥♥♥♥i would like there to be a must wider tech tree although thats not to say this one is not good just it helps with replay-abilitycoop mutiplayer would be good but a pipe dream.im keeping an eye on it but for the hours i played i dont see anymore enjoyment for me unless big development happen."
,Recommended,455980,35381014,Posted: 1 October,all,Midjji,"Played towards the end of the early access. Decent village building game with a nice twist. The combat is alright if unbalanced (range beats everything else). The magic system looks like it has potential, but winds up being unused and the scavenging is anemic. The game would benefit greatly from more rpg elements and non stat based character development. The way dead state did it with unique goals and sub-missions per character would be a great fit.   The map is a bit dull with nothing more than boring kill all missions. The lack of other human or specific demonic factions also reduces the stakes. Stealth could be, but isn't  interesting.  There are some pretty serious balancing issues as well. Creating walls with buildings instead of wall pieces and melee being completely useless might be the worst ones. The scavenging would be greatly improved by  adding loot to the maps. Reducing the number of maps and introducing a weight mechanic, again basically like dead state did it.The steam workshop modding system is broken (for this game) and it seems random which mods become active, likely because they overwrite each other. Writing your own mods is straightforward and fun though. If you want to play more than one mod at once, just toss their files into meld with the original files and join that way instead.Still the game is reasonably challenging and you'll likely complete it before it becomes grating.  It also has the classic xcom feeling of oh♥♥♥♥♥♥we are so screwed. Base upgrading and getting better weapons you look forward to using in the next though fight. While spending the time in the fights looking forward to what you are going to spend the resources on."
76561198036943999,Recommended,455980,35078193,Posted: 19 September,all,SamuraiJones,"TL/DR: Judgement simulator mixes Xcom's unforgiving struggle for survival while capturing alot of the base-building and character nuance of rimworld. It's intense and wild at first, but eventually becomes dull by not maintaining the level of challenge. Unforgiving, and not for the faint of heart.I'm reserving judgement on this one for now (no pun intended). It's a good skeleton of a game, but missing content in terms of story missions, and weak variety of enemies and gear. Awesome vision, but only good (read: above average, but not great) implementation. Sometimes I think I'm harder on good games with untapped potential, than on bad games; I may be leaning that way on this one. They say a full release is coming in the next few months with new enemies and story missions, along with a price increase, so I'll probably have to re-evaluate this review after I see what it looks like.The overarching game captures the desperate feel of xcom. You're in charge of a ragtag bunch of survivors in a hellish landscape. There are endless hordes of demons ravaging the world, and they're getting stronger by the day. You're going to need better fighters and better gear to keep up with them. Of course that means you need people to research and build that new equipment, so you need to build workshops and research areas as well as farms and kitchens and beds to support them.The game doesn't pull it's punches. If you make mistakes, survivors die, and they are not easy to replace. Too many mistakes, and your base will be overrun. Some games are a casual experience that you can't really lose, and other games are a challenge where it's you vs the game. This is definately the later of those two.The start of the game was insanely engrossing. You're building, struggling to rescue other survivors, while fending off waves of demonic invaders. Each battle is nerve-wracking, each victory is sweet, each loss is heartbreaking. It's a great rush.But somewhere along the way it looses its steam, getting more routine and eventually being a painful grindfest by the end. It's a flaw in alot of strategy games, whether xcom, rimwrold or this. Each battle, you gain some supplies, but risk some soldiers. If you're winning enough to outpace the demon's growth curve, then your team is getting stronger and each battle becomes easier, allowing you to get more loot and grow even faster so the game can become easier. On the other hand, if you aren't outpacing the curve, the game gets harder and harder until you get wiped out. But either way, before long one side is getting curbstomped. You know who's going to win, but it's a long path to get there, and the endgame research just takes forever.The game has two main modes, although they use the same UI. The first is base-building. You assign people to build, farm, research and make new gear. The building options are much more limited than rimworld. Buildings are preset shapes and sizes, (you can't even move the doors), but much more nuanced than xcom in that people actually walk between them. You have to think about kitchen access and pathways when you build your research station. Farms must be tended, workshops must be manned. You have to consider different skillsets of survivors and how to utilize them well. This mode definately feels more like Rimworld than Xcom.The second mode is a series of squad based missions. Your people go off to loot the store/mall/hospital, and you have to fight off whatever demons are squatting there. It looks like you might be able to sneak past them too, but I never had any luck with that. This mode runs in realtime like an RTS, but set up so you can pause and assign orders without being rushed. You can equip your characters with grenades or medkits, and some characters have traits or levelup-bonuses which make them better shots with one weapon than another, but characters don't get dozens of special attacks like they do in xcom.The game does a good job of allowing you to send missions when you want, while still enticing you to visit more and more dangerous areas. Further areas have new biomes, with harder enemies, but offering new resources that you need for higher level stuff. Deserts offer copper that you need for railguns, haunted forests offer mystic vines for magic camo, and cities have universities with research tomes research and churchs with holy relics. It's exciting to break into a new biome and get parts for new gear. On the other hand, if you want to just stay home and focus on research and build for a while, it allows you to do that.Technically, the game is pretty solid, although a few of the mechanics seem pretty poorly tuned. The game suffers from dwarf-fortress-esque nuances like ""only one person can craft the blessed pistol, but you can't assign him and he won't do it himself.""Fewer than rimworldm but still annoying. Making meals, and making gear aren't seperate activities, so you may leave your engineers with orders to make some new guns, then come back to find they've spent all their time making salads in the kitchen (or worse: people are dying of starvation because your cooks are working on guns in the workshop). You can get around it with the crafting priority system that's behind each person's individual task priorities, but it's time consuming and non-intuitive, and mistakes tend to be costly.Also the awareness mechanic doesn't seem stratified enough (although I'm not sure I've played enough to say for certain). I like the idea of having a pacing mechanism that knocks you back if you grow too fast, but this game doesn't really do that. The demons target survivors without damaging buildings during raids, plus they give you a few hours notice when they're coming, so i've always had my entire village waiting behind a barricade when they show up. They either kill everyone and end the game, or get shot up without hurting anyone. Thus, awareness becomes a kind of russian roulette. Too little risk and you find behind the arms race, but with a bad roll, even a moderate amount can be fatal. I think it would be better if they somehow damaged the base, putting you back, without ending the game (perhaps its intended to kill just a few survivors, but it just hasn't worked that way for me).There are little annoyances too. Survivors tend to clump up in battle and it can be very difficult to click on the right person. The game gets laggy if you have even a medium sized population. And some big calculation happens about once a second, so at the end of the game I was getting probably 30 fps for a second, then about a 1/5 second freeze. Not unplayable, but annoying.Finally (and this is the biggest thing for me I think) the game doesn't seem dark. Your squad is taking cover behind a row of spikes with impaled corpses, trying to hold off endless waves of demons with crossbows while your drug-addled teammate desperately tries to pick a lock on a cage where another survivor is held. But all the spites all look relaxed, and all the menus look like clean, bright paper. After you get out of the mission, the forest on the overworld looks very healthy and you can even hear birds singing happily. Then if you get ambushed in the happy forest, suddenly a mission starts and you're back in a blasted hellscape, complete with piles of corpses, blasted schoolbuses and piles of rubble. I think a few little cosmetic change would go a long way to imrpove the mood, or at least make it more coherent.Overall, I'd say this game is surprisingly good. It doesn't have xcom's fancy graphics, but it really captures its strategic intensity. The city-building and squad missions compliment each other wonderfully, and decisions made in one affect the other so much more than in xcom, requiring a much deeper strategy. I just hope the new content can make the endgame less tedious and maybe balance the difficulty a bit better. This has the potential to be truly outstanding."
76561198093729079,Not Recommended,455980,33034836,Posted: 30 June,all,Vallfreyja,"While I enjoy some elements of this game I really don't like the combat mechanics. Depending on which difficultly you play combat is either easy and boring or hard and frustrating. Either way the combat is tedious and unenjoyable.The saving grace is that you can set a custom difficulty which has harder base managment with easier combat so that you can at least unlock the research you need without wasting so much time on combat. The downside is that it can make mats too easy to get through combat. There are bugs, but they're fairly minimal from my experience.Basically, I was looking for a good survial base management game and this has fallen far short of what I wanted. If you really enjoy drawn out and tedious combat, this is the game for you. If you want a decent survial city building game buy Banished- it's 300 times better than this game."
,Recommended,455980,30288789,Posted: 2 March,all,The Atomik Doctor,35hours so far...Fun game with cool graphics and interesting concepts. Few kinks here and there but developers seem to be active with the updates.
,Recommended,455980,31711731,Posted: 12 May,all,Dave Creator,"I bought this game not knowing what to expect, it turns out the game's pretty fun. I ended up getting too relaxed and everyone in my base died. 7/10"
,Recommended,455980,32341269,Posted: 11 June,all,Object,"This is what happens when the zombie survival genre gets out of control, a gem like this emerges, even though there are so many things that are either odd or just plain wrong.First let's start with the name....or should we say the names initials.  Judgment, not to be confused with Judgement, is considered an Apocolypse Survival Simulator, or and♥♥♥♥♥for short....which is a new type of genre that is desperately trying to state it's not a zombie survival game that it's literally made a joke out of it's name.   Although a lot more amusing then the joke name that was War Z....The graphics are...well...less the desirable in my mind at least, they do the job but aren't terribly pleasing to the eyes.  The sound can be muted entirely as well, I play with all sound replaced by Spotify because why not.You may be thinking then, well then what's so good about Judgment:♥♥♥♥♥  Well, this game is this weird hybrid survival, real time strategy, and base defense.  It kinda reminds me of what an older game called Sanctum tried to accomplish with a hybridization, but I feel that Judgment has implemented their shmozzle of a game into something that is legitimately fun.It reminds me a lot of Banished in a way, just with a much more simplified system but just with much more depth to it instead of complexity.  Judgment doesn't rely on complex crafting chains that exist in games like Tropico, it combines basic tower defense with basic management features, adds in an rpg style progression feature similar to a simplified version of what exists in the new Xcom's.Imagine a mix between Banished and Xcom (real time strategy instead with a pause feature) and then add in a little Sims for good measure.   Interesting concept implemented competantly, I'd highly recommend for fans of the genres."
76561198030819269,Recommended,455980,30922898,Posted: 3 April,all,DonJuanDoja,"Very cool although currently rather small survival builder (early access) game with demons instead of zombies... has great potential. From what I can tell it's a good dev team, they seem to care more about stability and balance than adding features which is great. Mod support... AWESOME. Nice work guys. I LOVE THE ART STYLE. Can't wait to see what's coming. Hard to tell sometimes with early access but I have a good feeling about this one.ALSO... Learn 2 Early Access... read some reviews and people just don't get Early Access yet, you have to limit the expectations you set in your mind and stop trying to play the game and realize your just testing and unfinished product right now... you'll have more fun that way :) That or just wait until the game is released, geez."
76561198098201589,Recommended,455980,32184731,Posted: 4 June,all,Mul3,"Built a colony, rescued other survivors and built my colony up, researched demonology, harvest wasnt ready soon enough to support population growth, everyone starved to death10/10"
76561198008466226,Recommended,455980,28660449,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dark Dragon,OK colour me impressed. though it would be a bit cheesy and would end up like towns but this game was rather well though out granted it still in alpha so not all the high end stuff is gona be there yet and minor parts of the resourse management isn't fully fleshed out yet teck/occult tree links are easy to understand and resoure relation is straight forward. Combat is interesting and im still working on figuring out the finer details.  lots of potential as things expand but worth the money even in this early alpha stage
76561198163140658,Recommended,455980,35431242,Posted: 2 October,all,jp,"Note to reader, don't listen to part time players through games like speed dating.This game is an early access yes but with the potential of becoming a great full version with add-ons. Give it more than a few hours and youll sink in abother 10 easy. Looing forward to what the Dev. has in store next."
,Recommended,455980,35437268,Posted: 2 October,all,Raptor Baptist,"The devs are very open about their progress and keep the userbase up to date with features patches and releases.The games fun, and pretty solid, gives you a lot to do and consider as you progress.I do recommend."
76561198032008597,Recommended,455980,22605346,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,alric83,Awesome game worth every penny!!
76561198167907698,Recommended,455980,30432045,Posted: 10 March,all,solo_cup,Played for a few hours. Im already addicted this game is not easy but its so much fun.
,Recommended,455980,25284747,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Myrmidon Onyx,game is fast paced RTS. Kiting and proper set of buildings is a bare minimum that you will have to do in order to survive more than 10 days. worker micromanagment might help you alot or can make you suffer if done incorrectly.
76561197971640510,Recommended,455980,28902986,Posted: 1 January,all,Huggles `,"Excellent game!Kind of like rimworld except much more focused in direction and style, and offering many interesting mechanics that rimworld doesn't have (like character development and specialization, etc)Really fun to play even at this early stage :)I especially like how well stylistically defined the game is. Everything about it says ""demonic apocalypse"". The UI, the soundtrack, the hand-drawn graphics, both in style and in content, and the mechanics as well (for example, in addition to the 'regular' colony management research, you have a whole occult research tree, with rituals and holy/dark artefacts you can create).It's very very well designed.ALSO, unlike rimworld... fully animated legs and arms! Whoohoo! :P"
,Recommended,455980,31779455,Posted: 15 May,all,"Quit as TriHard, or become toxic",cool game but combat system needs improvement
76561197994659119,Recommended,455980,33287238,Posted: 5 July,all,ChewyChops,This game is really quite satisfying and you can easily sink a full day into it without realising the time. 28 hours in and I still have not unlocked everything although i did have to restart cos my first playthrough was as messy as trumps wig! Give it a go I am certain you will enjoy it.
76561198094803132,Recommended,455980,35123855,Posted: 22 September,all,Inoue,Its a nice game very addictive.
76561198005666370,Recommended,455980,30474066,Posted: 12 March,all,Ax3,I need to goto bed for work............JUST ONE MORE DAY.Been a long time since I been this addicted to a game.Well done and continue the good work.
76561198025583400,Recommended,455980,29386044,Posted: 20 January,all,dfarhi89,"Awesome game!  It's got everything you want in a an economic base-building game and a military tactics game. And unlike most game that try to do both those things, the two really fit together very well. I couldn't stop playing!"
76561198202881229,Recommended,455980,22579330,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,feroplaygames,Realy from the first minute I enjoy this game.Thank you Devs.Waiting to see this game completed and the coming soon parts finished soon ☺
76561198124394677,Recommended,455980,30437399,Posted: 10 March,all,Donald Trump,"Built a Big Beautiful Wall to keep the Demons out.10 out of 10, would make the Apocalypse Great Again."
76561198004851032,Not Recommended,455980,28741979,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,🐌,This game is a breath of fresh air compared to all of the zombie apocalypse games that are out. Instead of zombies it's demons and there is a nice amount of research options available. Unfortunately I don't recommend it at the moment as I feel the combat is too unbalanced and it can be very frustrating when you lose an experienced survivor or two.
76561197969753593,Not Recommended,455980,22440128,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Old man Stu,"Hard to make a decision on this one. As it stands, the game is very bare-bones and to be honest feels and looks very much like a cheap mobile game.The combat is shallow and clumsy and feels more like playing really old RTS games where you just drag everyone and send them at the hardest enemy. Not much strategy to employ as they move so slowly and awkwardly it is very hard to position them properly during combat. I thinkk it needs to actually be turn based rather than the way it is atm as it just does not handle well enough the way it stands.The crafting and researching is fine and looks promising, but at the moment quite a lot of it is locked off and waiting to be implemented. That's not a terrible thing, but added to the other niggles and overall look, I am going to say this game is not recommended at this time.Keep your eyes on it and hopefully it will get a lot better, but as of right now £10 is actually way too much for what this game offers."
76561198000415840,Not Recommended,455980,32765349,Posted: 25 June,all,Baron Tank',"Game is quite easy and repetitive. I play challenging and expected to get into real troubles - but did not.Fights are always the same and become boring.Science system based on books is annoying, from the moment I get the first book the others are just boring and not challenging, but annoying.The whole scavenge logic is stupid as the enemys are not a challange and it's faster and easier to just kill them instead of waiting for opening the boxes.I like the base system with the priorities and that you have to manage your village and prepare defense etc.. But theymust add different modes for the fights, like attack a fortress, defend a choke point, sneak through very strong enemies - maybe they also have to work on the AI for that."
,Recommended,455980,22360812,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,LadyAth,"A surprise title on Steam and I am loving the purchase!  I see a lot of potential and love the research aspects, the missions...kinda like Rimworld and Dead State snuck into a corner and had a twisted offspring.  Yes, it is early access and bugs will abound, but the dev is active on the Steam forums and there is a lot of potential in a game that is not all about candyfloss and rainbow ponies. The game is challenging, but not overly hard.  You are able to train your 'colony' in skills through practice and can craft items through unlocking them in normal or occult research.  Great concept to offer something a little less mainstream :) Recommended!!!"
,Recommended,455980,31049955,Posted: 9 April,all,Bludjackal,"I adore this game, but I cannot ignore some of the issues I have with it. I do play it on Challenging, so some of these issues are probably due to the difficulty I chose.1) This game feels more like a exercise for micro/macro Starcraft players, because its a race against the clock as soon as you enter in. You need to waste as little time as possible getting constantly better weapons and armor before the difficulty of the demon hordes becomes too great. I usually stall right before Sniper Rifle and am forced to reload my auto-save prior to a demon attack and keep doing so until Fallen Angels arent on the attacking force.2) Some of the weapons/research are traps. Uzi's and Shotguns are not worth the resources to make. You're better off getting to Glock as soon as possible and getting straight to Sniper Rifle.3) Liches, Ghosts, and Fallen Angels make Spiked Barricades a joke. A group of 9 characters funneling the attacking horde into a 1 block tube CANNOT deal with multiples of any of these. They do far too much damage even to characters with Metal Shields AND Demonite Armor. Barriers and gear feel useless against these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.4) Losing characters near the end game is too much a loss and leads to a vicious cycle of reloading during scavenging, rescues, attacks, etc.Those are my only issues and its probably due to the difficulty. I do feel like 3 is a balancing problem."
,Recommended,455980,32196070,Posted: 5 June,all,bad,Fun
76561197993210985,Recommended,455980,34583341,Posted: 29 August,all,Prime Alicious,This game is great - definitely one of the best survival/base games out there. My only complaint is that it isn't quite complete. I will definitely revisit when it's been completed.
76561198002916609,Recommended,455980,34333121,Posted: 18 August,all,Bazooka,Very interesting seed of a game. Couldn't wait for full release and the Youtube videos just fueld the temptation to buy now!
76561198009400332,Recommended,455980,30295619,Posted: 3 March,all,Maghorus,"It still needs work, but for an alpha it is a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,455980,25735959,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[TSF] Mason (lynnette),"i would recommend it.BUT. The game is still in development, and some aspects are still a little buggy or missing, or not implimented yet. give it a few months! the only game breaking bug is that i crash when sending out survivors some times. This game reminds me of Fallout Tactics!"
76561198159846612,Recommended,455980,34517284,Posted: 26 August,all,Gilburt,"Addicting game. It's like Dead State, but the stealth isn't as good. Fun to build your own base, do the rain dance, and harvest demons for their souls. Needs more explosions."
,Recommended,455980,32122738,Posted: 1 June,all,SirThompson,this games challenging i like it
76561198011178977,Recommended,455980,32121203,Posted: 1 June,all,vood00,"Good for around 30 hours of gameplay so far.Few bugs, if any.The game does seem to get choppy when you have a lot of survivors.Well worth what I paid for it, nonetheless."
,Recommended,455980,23278878,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,crumbs,"Very fun, bordering on addictive game. I failed after roughly 10 days several times before lowering the difficulty from ""Challenging"" (the setting that the game recommends) to something less intense. After having to get back up to the same stage in the game only to be destroyed again, you will probably get frustrated, but at the same time probably still enjoy it.I can see myself getting a lot of replay value out of this."
76561198191296765,Recommended,455980,32530125,Posted: 18 June,all,MysteriousCloud666,Very complicated :./
76561197985685404,Not Recommended,455980,31568358,Posted: 5 May,all,sgt.greywar,"Updated 8/27/2017 Updates in {brackets]Verdict: Don't buy for now.The game has potential but unless the dev schedule sees a *TON* of improvement fairly quickly I would save your money for now. [still the same, it just isn't there yet]It is still Alpha so being unfinished is ok, but in Alpha there should be a very steady feature march... especially when the game's visual aspects and world building is so skeletal. [visual aspects have improved somewhat but feature rollouts are still glacial]This thing starts cranking out ""feature Fridays"" ala Caves of Qud or soemthing and it can get back on track. Heck, ""Feature Fortnights"" would be a start.2-3 months between very minor updates is not a wonderful indicator.[The game is an endlessly repetitive grind right now with very little variety][The devs added in an auto-resolve feature which is a tacit admission of how mind-numblingly bad the combat still is, you will use this feature 20x as often as you will actually fight a battle and that tends to only be when the game doesn't offer you the chance to auto-resolve]"
76561198063365585,Recommended,455980,28584314,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,The_Q,just got this game.. lots of stuff todo.. tech to unlock. demons to slay things to be scared of... or camp and just build a base..the sounds could be turned down a little.. like the bubbling and chanting but . very fun .. remember to save. lol
76561198051196393,Recommended,455980,29623789,Posted: 1 February,all,ayriana22,"This game is really fun! However, lately I've been having trouble with the game not saving properly. I cannot access the main menu while I'm in the game to manually save it. The auto save is also not working."
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,455980,30517451,Posted: 14 March,all,matt1184,Too much balancing is needed to recommend it.
,Recommended,455980,35315725,Posted: 29 September,all,djkenetics,Fun game! hope for more content!
76561198015036721,Recommended,455980,35168032,Posted: 23 September,all,poh_de_arras,Very interesting game!
76561197993695943,Recommended,455980,35307194,Posted: 29 September,all,Snikendepanda,Love it!
76561198145745438,Recommended,455980,30661278,Posted: 21 March,all,VincentBigBoom,"When I played this Game i was like"" NO""  But I played into it more its amazing.   Its a game , Right The BEST GAME.You can kinda go different Ways on devoping Weapons1.  Bows and Swords( I survived to 50day with taht)2. Jesus Christ Stuff(Like blessed Sword or Pistol)3.  Demons Stuff4.  modern Day stuff.(50cals)5.  Chemicals Weapons.GG,  WOULD BUY 50000000 Trillion Times over(if i was rich).  GGPS Dont think a Legion with a Stick:)"
,Recommended,455980,26236057,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stinko,"Very fun. Still has a way to go, but has constant development updates which is very nice. Nice to see a GOOD game in alpha not be abandoned :) keep it up guys, I would love to see where this game goes(Also, I was reading a suggestion for a grid in combat and turnbased combat, I think that is a fantastic idea)"
76561198010077548,Not Recommended,455980,22952962,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Graufang,"Judgment: Apocalypse Survival Simulation feels unic and fresh in some points ,but clunky and linear in others.To defeat evil one must know it.This may be true but I wish I could choose to dominate evil by the way of darkness or cleanse it by the way of light. Instead of having a real choice I have to ""research"" holy items by occultism and building a magic circle.Don't get me wrong the research-thing is great ,but I would like to build either a magic circle or a chapel (or an temple or something divine like this) and I want to feel major consequences for each side. I want to strength my people against darkness by blessings and prayers or let them become cultists, devoted to the power of evil. (Or some mixture of both but without the great benefits of one side)At this point the game feels too linear and without real options to me.It is not a bad game, realy it isn't and I love the backround very much.So why thumbs down then? Because there is no ""maybe"". Only ""Yes"" or ""No"".If the game becomes less linear and gives me more options to chose from, I will gladly give a thumb up.Ich hoffe, die Devs setzen Himmel und Hölle in Bewegung, um die Punkte zu verbessern. - It's a pun and not realy translatable.(I am not a native english speaker ,but I want to give a chance to the devs to read my feelings with their game. So please be gentle with my spellings and grammar.)"
,Recommended,455980,33201087,Posted: 3 July,all,Dragon Milker,"This game has a ways to go but it's on the right track, the odds never feel like they are in your favor though when trying to progress through the game."
76561198075919277,Recommended,455980,32995987,Posted: 29 June,all,Wasber,A interesting game with a competent contorl system and wonderful try to the base building survival.
76561197985527476,Recommended,455980,33148387,Posted: 2 July,all,BulleTMagneT,Nice game for an early access. Need some more stuff.
76561198144584547,Recommended,455980,28276105,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ridikhood123,my 60 days in judgmentday 1 killed 30 imps yayday 2 built 3 farms and got johnskipping to the bad s.h.i.tday 30 lost johnday 50 got a gun and knife but lost another characterday 60 invaed by 3 legions 1 ghost and 2 dark angelsbut still a good game
76561198024265719,Recommended,455980,31167455,Posted: 15 April,all,Lich King,"as a fan of these types of games im going to try to give a unbais view of the game as best as i cannow the game is in early access so some features are missing/ not implamited yet so this review is on whats already therethe game takes place in a post apocalypic world of demons/ undead all dat good♥♥♥♥♥♥and its up to you to manage your base and build up to a fuctioning colony and for whats their the core mechinics are there and they do work and you are able to achive that goalas your colony gets better the enemies and little quests it sends you on get harder and start hitting like trucks and for the msot part this is a guide game atleast early game and for your first few play throughs you will be getting stomped but as you improve and get better it starts to become somewhat easy.you get to customize your colonist and requrit/save some and they will join you and hey have their own special talants and as your colonist lvl up you can add more stuff to them making them better for your colony and or killing demons or both.Graphics wise the game looks to behonest alright not the best but not the worst but it does fit the setting so thats a plus and has its own style going on.the few things i can ask from thsi game is mod support (witch i heard was coming), more demon archtypes besides jsut the common varity of imp, minor demon, demon, and succubus now if they add demons from the tomb of solomon and other mythos that would not only be impressive but show dedacation, Angels, fallen angels, and heros, demon lords but surelly these things are on the way so yaydo i recommend this game yes the core features works and the game is enjoyablemy only real cons with the game is somewhat pacing atleast early game its kind fo a crawl and the other is your colonists eat like the sin of gluttony hit them like trucks"
76561198104361263,Recommended,455980,29149675,Posted: 9 January,all,Taddy Mason,"I love post apocalypse games, but most are either zombie apocalypse or nuclear apocalypse. This feels refreshing in that it's a demonic apocalypse. I've not played as many games with that setting and this one combines RPG aspects with settlement building/management and rescuing/upgrading survivors. I like that you can send multiple search parties out to scavenge multiple locations while some people stay back at the base and maintain/improve it. I'm up to 19 survivors now and haven't lost any despite the odd combat system. It's not bad, it just feels off and I think it can use some work. I like that you can pause combat and issue commands to your survivors, but the battles don't last long enough for some of the survivors to do something as simple as cross to the opposite side of an enemy to attack them from behind. Again, I haven't lost any survivors yet and I don't dislike the combat system-I'm not even sure what they could do to improve it, I just believe it frustrates many other players as much as it does me at times and I want to warn potential buyers in advance. On the base building side, it's incredibly useful to be able to reconfigure your survivors' priorities to individually manage what they're doing every minute of the day. It's important to optimize your colony by making survivors do what they're best at more than what they prefer to do. For example, one or 2 of my survivors prefer chopping trees and farming, but they suck at it and are really good at researching, so I don't let them farm or gather resources-they just research. The AI is still a little wonky, so sometimes they seem to completely ignore what i want them to do, but I think it has to do with how high the task you want them to do is in their list of priorites as well as whether you have the available crafting table to make the item AND how high that item is in the list of overall crafting priorities. (I often notice they're not making the item I want when I want it.)Since it's currently still in early access, it's not quite a finished game and it's apparent in the research tree that is upfront with players that some of the final techs aren't implemented yet. I'm excited to see what alchemy and machines add to this game that already has magic rituals to make your survivors wanna eat less, your food grow faster, the rain to come, to summon enemies and to weaken them in combat. I love the many different locations that can be scavenged such as hospitals, schools, churches, supermarkets, military bases, etc. Each location tends to have loot geared towards what one would expect to find there-for example: rare research books in schools, or weapon parts in a military base. It's a nice little extra bit of realism and makes me more excited when I find a location I need for a new technology or demonic ritual. I don't know if you can eventually establish new colonies and slowly take back the map/world from the demonic invasion and rebuild civilization. I don't know if that's the direction they're heading with this game, but I'm excited to see however this game evolves until it's full release. In summation, I love this game and have definitely found a new favorite-I definitely recommend checking out this game.Edit: I'm now 30 hours into the game and I have more than 23 survivors and still counting. I'm not sure if there's a limit to how many you can have, but at 38 game days, my survivors have looted all locations within a 7 block radius of my base and the fights are getting longer and my survivors are actually able to respond to/utilize my battle tactics during combat missions. My base also has enough survivors that I can constantly keep 3-4 squads out in the world scavenging new locations and continuously bringing in fresh supplies as I amass resources and slowly research the last few techs I need to take on this hellgate I see on the map that's guarded by more enemies than I've seen in one location before. It's going to be a tough fight and I'm certain I'll have some casualties, but I'm tense with anticipation for this upcoming fight that has the feel of the ending to the game-or at least as it stands in its current early access state"
,Recommended,455980,30419564,Posted: 9 March,all,H.O.N.K.,"Wow, a Great game so far that I played It really make you think.very fun and addictive.8/10 have a very good potential of becoming a Great game, It's just a rough gem ready to be polish into a shining gem that you want to have."
,Recommended,455980,25723281,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JackedUpSailor,Pretty fun game. But needs more content . . hope they add more contents soon . . . maybe more armor or shield for a weapon so that a character can act like a shield for a long ranged person. I would recommend this game once its finished but for now . . its seems like something is missing . . . will rewrite review in the future . . . for now i give 3/5
,Recommended,455980,23341569,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,⎛⎛Jofer⎞⎞,Fun and comfy :)Every game i die to starvation though which is a bit frustrating :/
76561198040611328,Recommended,455980,30981876,Posted: 6 April,all,>-NightBringer-<,"Been playing this game since i purchased it 2 days ago. Want to start by congratulating the devs on making a great survival based game, also not about the same old zombies but the hell dimension and what lurks beneath. Loving this game so far great story and crafting, also a good amount of items to find. Crafting is honestly the most annoying aspect of this game but i admire it and love what has been done with it, you actually have to go out and scavenge level up surviors and there gear to do so if not you will die. A lot of pros and a lot of cons but i think so far for an early acess game this is fantastic and would reccomend anybody interested the the survivial genre to go out and buy yourself a copy. Looking forwad to what the future brings, keep up the good work."
,Recommended,455980,34007358,Posted: 3 August,all,Jarmenkell,"I almost gave this a thumbs down for using a smoker's voice on the promo Video :P/And for the white screen of nothing at start. but i managed to fix it by randomly clicking about. eventually it worked.Well, Its a hard game with good depth, Diffenetly cant wait for the final update and release to paly the full story line."
76561198075238292,Recommended,455980,23054047,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Equilibriuman,Nice little game...
76561198129745043,Recommended,455980,30522412,Posted: 15 March,all,haidangnguyen3112,"good game! make me feel look like old game ""comandos"" load and save!!"
76561198009903018,Recommended,455980,28496447,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Corwin86,"I've followed that game and I can say that it improved a lot.The current version is pretty stable (no bugs so far, at least for me!) and the design is alredy solid.The cons are all about the graphic compartment: it's simple and a bit raw, but not disappointing.I recommend it, I think there are not so much risk to get an unfinished product (as the game is, now, solid) and so... nobody remember something like... Clockworks Empire?I much prefer a simpler but complete game!"
76561198144254716,Not Recommended,455980,30654310,Posted: 21 March,all,CookieCat,seems like a good game but cant get any more than 6 survivers as just get constantly attack even on easy mode
76561198017650875,Recommended,455980,26051277,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SVGwolf,"For an early access game actually in Alpha stages this game almost feels complete for the price paid.  I have seen less completel games sell for more, and not nearly as fun.  This one will eat your life like the demons you are fighting, and you will be happy about it!"
76561198051463716,Recommended,455980,31979559,Posted: 26 May,all,Wicked,Awesome survival game.
76561197972098820,Recommended,455980,34859788,Posted: 10 September,all,Moida,"Great game so far!  Already lots of fun, very few playability issues that I'm sure will be sorted out soon enough.  Easily worth the $15."
,Recommended,455980,22510604,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Star Bunny,The survival simulation is really fleshed out. And I really enjoyed sacrificing survivors :)
,Recommended,455980,22535559,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,yzm,I've played this game for over an hour and died 4 times. I'm loving it!
76561198136124205,Recommended,455980,24844317,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,iglizerin,I like it. Never played a survival game of this type. This is very fun. I lost my Steve. So i will restart again. Now i understand the importance of water.
76561198048989254,Recommended,455980,34342305,Posted: 18 August,all,Ragde,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard
,Recommended,455980,30998459,Posted: 7 April,all,relikk9,"I like it alot.Sure there are some features that need to be fleshed out more. I would like to see more item variety for instance. Some of the tech advancements seem a little silly.But all in all it offers very solid gameplay already.Combat is hugely driven by RNG, but that was expected; at least from me :)What i like the most is that the game really is played in the meta: There are close to no""no-brainer"" decisions, which is sadly common for many games today. For me the game has more decisionmaking than most acclaimed RPGs.And many of those decisions may appear as bad decisions or lucky ones, but in retrospect you see how they where just neccessary ones. ( <- bit philosophical, i know) This is the essence of survival for me.You will not be able to ""breed"" your perfect community, wich imho is very important for the survival feeling as well.ATM there are too many events for my liking, but that may change as storylines get more solid and other mechanics ""drive"" the player to taking on new goals. Parallel storys / secondarys would be great to see. For now just savescum it :PAlso; ""storyline"": There is one! Often i find myself wondering while loading up similar games:"" What am i doing? What for? Am i achieving anything, or am i just replacing the one redundant activity for the next one?""~Wait until the bar is filled up and hit the button to fill the next bar, labeled differently~So far i havent had that feeling with Judgement. And i really want to know what is behind the story.Last but not least, the graphics are good. The Artwork is stylish, even in the iso-view. Music sets good ambience.I know i might get shouted at, butif Rimworld is like TES:Skyrimthan Judgement is aiming to be like Dark Soulsplease dont hate me for that, i know how far fetched that sounds.I like Rimworld ! i played most Elder Scrolls and i am afraid to play the new DLC content of DSIIIcheers to the devs, keep it up! The feature voting just shows how seriously the community is taken in a well handled project...Also i would like to give a shout out to ""Kenshi"" here on steam, wich also is one of the outstanding titles in the ""community survival"" genre and deserves to get more attention. For those who know it: yes it is no longer  lying dormant.o/"
43402402520682123,Recommended,455980,34783896,Posted: 6 September,all,Music Junkie,"Pretty good game, scavenging needs to be broadened past ""Get the scrap, and get out"" possibly give us the ability sothat we find a bunch of small items that we are forced to scrap after we get back to base? (look at last stand deadzone for reference) and possibly the ability to find other items?Traders are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Recommended,455980,22407512,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,gi.ilia88,"very ambitious game, but nails everything right!hard to believe only 1 programmer and 1 art person did this one. makes this for an even more awesome undertaking."
76561198040774750,Not Recommended,455980,24835822,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Certia,"You watch tiny people gather♥♥♥♥♥♥for a long♥♥♥♥♥time. I understand that gathering is an essential part of survival to build what is necessary to thrive, but damn."
76561198191343918,Recommended,455980,31332677,Posted: 23 April,all,orsha33,Great Game!!! Great Price!!!
76561198195172633,Recommended,455980,32483956,Posted: 16 June,all,TheGreatSteel,got to say great game so far but the dificltys cude ues some work eneything past eseay mode is like oh♥♥♥♥♥♥got to unlock guns so i dont get gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 2 demones
76561198085018382,Recommended,455980,31776709,Posted: 15 May,all,cosper_daniel,"I am normally the pain the the rear end guy that tears apart your favorite item listing all it's flaws and how it's existance does not follow the accept standards.Yes, I am great fun at parties.With that being said, this is by far my favorite early access game ever, the lack of bugs has me impressed, the game may not be perfectly balanced yet, but you can play it without game bugs that cause graphic glitches or outright data corruption, have played a few in which that was very rampant on, so kudos to the programming team, you did an excellent job.The game play it's self is very addictive, yes it has a bit of a learning curve, but nothing a quick game or two done the wrong way won't teach you, it has a very interesting crafting system, and once you get the hang of it, you can grow to a healthy settlement size, all in all very enjoyable and i have and will continue to show my friends i think would like the game, why i do.Things i would like to see maybe in the future is the ability to colonize multiple areas you scavange and then they ability to send multiple teams to clear a hellgate.Thanks for a great game guys"
76561198050847917,Not Recommended,455980,22521623,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,MavPL,"Unplayable for now. Combat is unbelivebly stiff and zero tactics involved. No real weapons to face enemies who raids your base. High costs of everything and you have to scavenge to get resources to craft better weapons, but you cant beat enemies in locations because guess what... no resources for better weapons... im gonna give some time for devs to sort out gameplay and see if anything will change. Played on normal difficulty."
,Recommended,455980,31945313,Posted: 24 May,all,Atlas1205,"Finally, a true apocalypse without overdone zombie crap. For this, i give the game a positive."
76561198135450426,Recommended,455980,28687004,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,T0XICTAC0,"This game is great, I love its rimworld-style mechanics.Also I can't survive 3 days without my guys dying.10/10 would let friends die again."
,Recommended,455980,28252810,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,sku11knight,"The graphics and art style are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in my opinion, but the gameplay is really great. I sank 4.5 hours in one sitting and still want to play!"
76561198006948049,Recommended,455980,28249192,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mr.Grim,"Okay start playing game . build this build that , oh look rescue survivor cool rescued survivor , arm all survivors .oh look demon attack oh all survivors dead.Would definetly do it again :)"
76561198003267822,Recommended,455980,33780244,Posted: 24 July,all,Tuomari,Really like it so far. I love these types of base builder / survival games and this seemed just like something i would like to play. I did try Rimworld before this but i dident like it. luckily this seems like a much better version of it.
76561197993251888,Recommended,455980,30925313,Posted: 3 April,all,jlew5,EA but looking promising. Devs are active and listen to community.
,Recommended,455980,31173669,Posted: 16 April,all,OurGayApparel,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,455980,25732393,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Zekk,"Decent game, needs a lot of work still, but I happen to like these kind of games.The only thing I would ask for is ""camp expansion"" at some point, because I frankly ran out of room to build stuff."
76561198003513557,Recommended,455980,28281579,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rick,Onee of the best gamees for the price.....A lot of fun
76561198080879328,Recommended,455980,28314897,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,craig.richtering92,"Great game, wished it was zombies and not demon things! Would like the abilty to searcvh buildings and things too. Oh and bigger maps, muuuuuuch biggers maps!!!"
76561198011827366,Recommended,455980,30661276,Posted: 21 March,all,will,"Plays well.build,scavange.blaspheme."
76561198076851655,Recommended,455980,22482613,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vorshin,"Recommended this game. Had some ppl buy it (inc a streamer) he also likes it.Yes some ppl wont some will, what you also have to take into account is its early access status and for that this game is rather damn good. Sure it has some niggles and player feedback is welcomed.If you like survival simulation games then this (for me) is one of the ones to buy. Its fun and addictive. It's had 2 patch's in teh past 24hrs and they improved things."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,455980,22527854,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Judgment: Apocalypse Survival SimulatorUpdate Version: Alpha 5 v2Disclosure: This game copy was purchased by the reviewer.A long time ago, in a gaming era free from the wars of political correctness and full of worried mothers over virtual violence, demons were the go to enemy of choice. Now with the standard PMC and terrorist checklist clogging mainstream gaming like a bad case of constipation, demons have wandered back into their burrows waiting for a chance to rise again. With the release of Judgment: Apocalypse Survival Simulation into the Early Access market, they have a chance to invade the surface again. Will this be enough to overcome the shortcoming of development or force the surviving party into exile?Survival simulators are a clear dime in a dozen with Early Access and right off the bat the game separates itself by being a overhead base builder. You start with three randomly generated characters with plus/minus stats to gather, build, craft, research, farm and fight your way through the story. The story is pretty simple at the moment and acts more like a ""what to do next"" prompt than an actual story. It is secondary compared to the base building which includes everything from houses to guard towers and of course crafting tables (workbench, furnace, stove). Most of these cannot be built until they researched, which is done by using a survivor to either use science or the occult to progress further into the tier trees. About half of these tiers are still in development (coming soon), but it gives you an idea of what to expect. Thankfully, the game is highly replay-able with randomly generated maps to start in.Building is only possible though if you have the right materials to get the job done. While the base map has what you need to start, some materials cannot be gathered without having it first. This is done through the scavenging system, which involves using the overlay map to go to another area and fight demons for listed items. This same overlay map is used to rescue other survivors that pop up every once in awhile. This process of scavenging and survivor rescue is crucial in order to stand a chance against the demons that randomly attack your base in increasing difficulty. Food, water and sleep are also factors, so combined with everything else you can expect to be busy while building up to take the fight to the demons. This micro management is what keeps the game flowing though and is quite addictive in a ""I cannot wait to unlock and make this"" sort of way. There are some periods of downtime, but thankfully there is a enhancement tool to increase the speed of the game.Base management is quite enjoyable, but what about the combat? The system used is similar to a real time tactical approach where you place your survivors and let them auto-attack against the demons. Based on combat skill and weapon type, the chance to hit increases, so a bit of luck is involved considering the demons really just charge in without thought. The base attacks are the same, but with the use of guard towers and blockades you can at least create choke points to make things interesting. It could really use some work to feel more fluid, but it works in the least. Hopefully the scavenging mission maps can be more diverse (about three to four maps used).Generally, discussing performance and technical aspects of a game leads into a dark rant about optimization, but this time around the game works surprisingly well. I have not run into any real slowdown or frame rate drops, but that could be due to the simple (yet refreshing) game aesthetic. That doesn't mean the game is without it's bugs. On some occasions when a survivor left a gathering or research task, the display would still show the gathering icon as if you were gaining the material. Enemy units would not move even if standing a couple of tiles from a survivor and some actions require multiple button attempts to register (survivors in the retreat box not retreating when hitting the button for example). The AI used for determining the hierarchy of duties can also overlook when say trees need to be chopped, but the survivor quarries clay instead (even though chopping trees is a higher priority). It could be a hell of a lot worse though.Edit #1:The length of the game can be questionable with the relative lack of a story. The game has no general end without the difficulty ending it for you. Once the hell gate is discovered and dealt with, there is no real point of going on except to experience items you have yet to unlock. Until the story gets extended and new content is added, the time spent on a single play through is cut short by the lack of perspective and objective. It is certainly lacking content at this point, but it functions rather well for what is offered.Pros- Base building is simple and enjoyable- Challenging micromanagement (staying up to par against increasing demon strength)- Refreshing aesthetic (not pixelated thankfully)Cons- Some random bugs- Combat could use some fine tuning- Lack of general content and objective"
76561198087702294,Recommended,455980,22400645,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Latt Ice,"Judgement ApocalypseNice game so far but, like so many other games of this sort, automatic computer levelling leaves you feeling really frustrated. Either you find the loophole in the computer's strategy or you are always fighting a win to lose battle.Basically you end up feeling boxed in because the computer always knows your strength and auto compensates.6 hours is nothing really in a game like this. I can't guess the computer's strategy yet. Unfortunately, it always knows mine.Doubly bad, though not in this game, the computer can front a consistently weak team leaving you unchallenged.So far, in this game, the other side is utterly OP, at least on my strategy - which is build a base and get strong rather than jump straight in and skirmish.The game concept, though, is really good. A bit sand box, a bit scripted. I see huge potential.Do you want to buy this?At the moment ... maybe.It's actually quite involving if you like XCOM style games, or even Gnomoria. It does cross genres and that makes it more interesting than just another clone.If you have a spare tenner to chuck around .. I'd say go for it. Otherwise, wait till Witcher 3 is passe, world gold and you only have a tenner :PI think it's a good game with lots more potential."
76561198240954308,Recommended,455980,23959840,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shakedaviram1,Love this game! 10/10
76561197993288786,Recommended,455980,29155368,Posted: 9 January,all,Invest,Cool survivor game!
76561197984385001,Recommended,455980,34127201,Posted: 9 August,all,Narys,Fun game that runs very well
76561198012068872,Recommended,455980,24425730,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,oldeguy,THIS IS A GREAT GAME.  It's all I need to say.
76561198079644088,Recommended,455980,22460887,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,fuzzyturtle,"I really like elements of this game, and I love that after the patch, I'm not being attacked every five seconds. However, now when I leave my base to go scavenge or rescue someone, everyone dies. I think the combat is a little too hard. I'm playing on beginner. Overall, I recommend this game, but I hope the developers consider making the beginner option a little easier for those that want to play casually."
,Recommended,455980,22467093,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ThyGecko,Just a video to see if this game if for you i really am enjoying it and will be making more videoshttps://youtu.be/RXezIiU2J_E
,Recommended,455980,34116724,Posted: 8 August,all,t895zx,Total and complete value.
,Recommended,455980,30531970,Posted: 15 March,all,Gene Shalit,Good but buggy they need to fix this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198051792254,Recommended,455980,34997429,Posted: 16 September,all,hristo_yordanov,very good
76561197993206537,Not Recommended,455980,30646415,Posted: 20 March,all,Mourn,Other games in this genre are much more enjoyable. Check out Rimworld if you want a good priority based survival game. I can't say I will ever play it again :(
,Not Recommended,455980,31064687,Posted: 10 April,all,Blob,"This review may be ""subject to change""Being a 2D single player game, this game game needs a lot of gameplay, features and content to add up for that."
76561198205208848,Recommended,455980,26602795,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,GalacticGangsters,great game lovr it ceep up the good work!!
76561198002595743,Recommended,455980,27624613,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sweetea,"It was a good game, Can't wait to see more content. I would have paid more honestly, It was a fun ride."
76561198061376160,Recommended,455980,25734309,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Unholysinz,its got alot of potential ...hope the add alot more and maybe areas of the map that respawn and faster respawn rate of mineral nodes
76561198022931396,Recommended,455980,34948601,Posted: 14 September,all,Kuldiin,..
76561198201857151,Recommended,455980,22429910,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sir Darknight,One of the Best Top-down simulation game i have ever played
,Recommended,455980,32689703,Posted: 23 June,all,discombobulated1,:)
76561198029008170,Not Recommended,455980,33811800,Posted: 26 July,all,Dan,"The game keeps crashing at around 85 days.  I have no clue why.  I have reinstalled the game.  I know this is early release, but I am about 2/3 of the current playthrough.  Very frustrating."
76561197976327138,Recommended,455980,22397262,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,becephalus,"Looks prety good so far, and definitely playable.  Had some fun times, but I am going to wait to play it some more until it is more polished as I have many other games I can play."
,Not Recommended,455980,22525308,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,My name is not important,I swear I've played this game in newgrounds several years ago. Asking money for it now is insulting. I don't care if it's an alpha version.
76561197997587644,Recommended,455980,22414860,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,amit7200,Great game!!!! can't belive it's an early access!!!
76561197989584196,Recommended,455980,25659383,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Scheve120,the game so far in 92mins.best way i feel it likeif you have playet rebuild on the web browser or the steam version than its one part of it.but than put like red alert in it with factorio style so just easy 2d/3d animatic stuf in and you got a rebuild with triple a style.dint see any negatives yet but if i whas able to give it a vote between 1 and 5 it should be a 4+
,Not Recommended,455980,22485572,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,siy11,Meh...
,Not Recommended,455980,32473881,Posted: 16 June,all,NoAim91,Pro* No BugsThats allContra* Repetive* Slow* very unfinished* boring
76561198160608974,Recommended,455980,25769477,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bloody Scumbag,"Favorit game ever! Even the price is 14,99 for a Early access, its worth buying this game if you love Survival game.Take your time when you update this game Devs!I'm gonna play the hell of it!666/10. Would let the hippies die by demons again!"
76561198108065658,Recommended,455980,26716713,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,bebick,Recommend!!!
76561198006817854,Not Recommended,455980,34167178,Posted: 11 August,all,BovineExcrement[SG],The last update screw up the playability. Tendency to hang often now. Otherwise a very interesting game that is highly replayable.
76561198002024891,Not Recommended,455980,32282798,Posted: 8 June,all,Exceedingly Grumpy Old Prick,Stupid game.... gets to the point where you get so many notifications popping up on your screen you dont even know what to focus your attention on... dont know why so many people are raving over this game....
76561198122124222,Recommended,455980,25696940,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Nasht,Great game. It's well worth this price.
,Recommended,455980,22359009,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"Yes I have very little time in the game, but from what I played it is fun. I played on normal mode and you really don't have lots of time before you are out of food and water so I died. :P The game was still fun and has a rather good amount of content for a early access game. If you enjoy games like Rimworld, Banished, or Prison architect I would recommend this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHwzjNEuz0g"
76561198014295821,Recommended,455980,25780572,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,pala_0,I wana thank Suncrashfor this amazing alpha experiance
,Not Recommended,455980,22423690,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Trezisc,Welcome to re-load simulator 2016 at least the autosave works 1/10
76561198045921597,Not Recommended,455980,32552353,Posted: 18 June,all,Niroku,So my people randomly stop making food I had the stuf for it but they all just desided they wanted to starv!
76561198066647927,Not Recommended,455980,34314812,Posted: 17 August,all,Bakka,This game really disappointed me. I wanted more base-building. The scavenging part is stupid.
76561198009509328,Not Recommended,455980,25656802,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Hopdevil,I expected Rimworld in the Apocolypse.I got a turd between two pieces of bread.1/10Would not eat turd sandwhich again.
76561198063425747,Not Recommended,455980,29988938,Posted: 17 February,all,totower,i disliked the feel of the game but can respect the idea.
76561197995139080,Not Recommended,455980,22383242,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Szyna,Has potential but i dont like it as it is right now
76561198111362285,Recommended,455980,28971870,Posted: 3 January,all,anders.w,"This game is really good, but there are two points, that should be improved: research and research kits should be craftable and the AI of the survivors should be improved, because in a fight, the cover right infront of an enemy, or they aren´t doing anything in a fight, while another survivor is fighting against something. besides that, this is a big YES to the questions, if i would recommend the buying of this game."
76561198065426033,Recommended,455980,29001727,Posted: 4 January,all,Drinky Doggo,"Bought this on sale cause it reminded me of a flash game. It ended up being fairly good with a lot of challenging gameplay. If you are into this kind of 2D game, it can give you a lot of game time for the value.There are some balancing issues with the gameplay but they can be overlooked fairly easily thanks to autosaves. The problem arises with the non-linear difficulty progression. It basically goes from ""I'm a post-apocalyptic badass!"" to ""please use lube my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't take much more"".Good news is there are actually easier difficulties, but mamma didn't raise no quitter.Overall, 4/7. Close to a perfect score but not quite there due to room for improvement."
76561198063349073,Recommended,455980,33762991,Posted: 24 July,all,Gorhen,"Good game that have a high potential. Currently, the story line is short and some of the research and path is unnessassary. I know the story line will be fixed in actual game, and I hope the researchs will be improved as well. Also going around and search for research/production material is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ hopefully in the full game there is alternative ways in procuring these items."
76561198004369175,Recommended,455980,32432683,Posted: 15 June,all,Diasent,"Pros:-Fun when you arent being encounter spammed (Edit: Encounters feel less spammy!)-Its something different-Autosave so you can reload gives you♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-20 minutes of rerolling survivors until you get more of what you want than what you don't want.(Addressed)-Scavenging missions end after you kill all monsters like that's what you wanted there (Addressed)-They throw harder enemies at you before you can make the trips to get the research stuff to take on harder enemies in -which are guarded by the harder enemies. (With the previous addressed issues, it balanced this out a lot.)-You need 3 research stuff in order to advance your weapons, so you have to get harder enemies thrown at you before you get the research in order to take them on 3 times unless you get lucky and find one in an easier area.Edit: After the devs addressed issues, I've played a few hours and I can say that the game is a lot more fun to play.  I would like to take a moment to show appreciation to the Devs for listening to my concerns.  I highly recommend supporting developers like these."
76561198050719425,Recommended,455980,33609432,Posted: 17 July,all,TheWizard,"*UPDATE* Early Aug-2017 game has been updated! I am now backing this game, it is so much improved. I am editing the following to reflect this:I fully recommend this game. The developer put in so many of the suggested changes that the game is actually fun now. LOVE the skip combat and it performs nearly as well as playing the fight. No more scrap shortages!Graphics: AcceptableRPG Aspect: AwesomeGameplay: Very goodInterface: Very goodTactics - Fighting:Good"
76561198145881658,Recommended,455980,34225605,Posted: 13 August,all,Narukami,fun game
,Recommended,455980,34354687,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr.Stranger,amazing game!!11
76561198113024112,Recommended,455980,34199838,Posted: 12 August,all,Xylo,"i played this game a while back and refunded it. I didnt refund it because it was a bad game but because it felt kind of empty and though i could keep expanding steadily, there was just nothing new to achieve.Now that i've come back to the game i can see how far its come and how new things are being added to it on a regular basis. This game is great. Try it."
76561198042388611,Recommended,455980,34339303,Posted: 18 August,all,Alexey,"First I was turned away by the graphics, then played all night through, deep and interesting, highly recommend."
,Recommended,455980,34597730,Posted: 29 August,all,Aphrodisiac,Borderline crack
,Recommended,455980,34672460,Posted: 1 September,all,theatre pirate,This is a great resource management game and a fantastic simulator. I love the fact that the enemies are demonic and the element of magic is so prominent. The devs are responsive and the balance of the game imporves with every update. 10/10. Looking forward to more.
76561198065404667,Recommended,455980,34742722,Posted: 4 September,all,Bobthewise,"Really fun game, needs more content though"
76561198105367620,Recommended,455980,34643395,Posted: 31 August,all,Tossing4Flavour,This is a fun little game that I play on my laptop while watching youtube or netflix on my TV. Really easy to get into but it does get qute challenging as the game progresses (unless you play the easiest difficulty). Its priced fairly for what it is and  good for when you want to chill out and kill some time. Definitely worth picking up.
