user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,456170,34645527,Posted: 31 August,all,Yorick,Awesome side scrolling combat adventure game.Music really pulls you into the mood of the game.Difficulty scale is reasonable and mistakes punished so you learn.Overall good game!
,Recommended,456170,34649773,Posted: 31 August,all,GOPSpaceRanger,"A smart sword combat side scroller, made by someone who knows their stuff. This is not a mindless hack and slash adventure, but one which requires pateince to learn the mechanics based on historical techniques. They dudes who developed this really did their research and it shows. It has a cool retro art style and is a joy to play. Well done Armitage Games!"
76561198064573466,Recommended,456170,34748328,Posted: 4 September,all,2nd Garrison,"A game that satisfies 2D combat styles that I've looked for, for a long time.Many 2D games have a combat style that is simply just button mashing. Though sometimes this game can drive you to a button mashing madness which only leads you to a swift end. You must employ calculated strings of attacks and blocks, and dodges and retreats. Admittedly, it's not perfect, as there are patterns that the AI follows that you can take advantage of. But overall, I found the game pretty challenging, and I beat several levels with my heart pounding with only a shred of life left. The work and thought I had to put into beating the opponents made for very satisfying victories.The art style for characters is very reminiscent of older classic games (Prince of Persia, Flashback) which I absolutely loved. The backgrounds were generally good, and I felt like the level designs were pretty good too.Not a huge fan of the gore and strange darkness of it, but I suppose you could argue that it wasn't any prettier for kingdoms back in that time. The story was engaging enough to keep me going. I liked the perspective that it placed you in and the questions of who and what you were really fighting for.I really appreciated the fairly linear nature of the game. I have several games that I have started but then abandoned because I'm just overwhelmed by all the little sidequests and adventures and I am left with no desire to do any of them.Encountered a couple of bugs where I rarely my blocking wasn't working, but I only recall that happening twice through gameplay.Well done for the combat system, nice story, and good amount of gameplay. Good job overall."
,Recommended,456170,34746895,Posted: 4 September,all,Miasmic,"I have thoroughly enjoyed my time with Bannerman.  It is challenging, but it is also rewarding.  Combat occurs in more or less duel fashion.  It is slow and methodical.  Each enemy type carries different weapons and utilize different fighting styles.  In order to progress you must learn how to dodge, block, and attack with proper timing.  This is not a ""mash attack"" type of game.Pros-Great soundtrack-Challenging combat-Smart placement of shortcuts (still a w.i.p as well)-Unique and pretty graphics-Story presentation-Game length/pacing-Dev is super responsive in the forums (+++++++)Cons (subjective)-Can be pretty damn challenging at times.Highly recommended.  10/10 will die again (35 and counting)."
,Recommended,456170,34748121,Posted: 4 September,all,DasNanda,"After about 3 hours of playtime, I am already in love with this game.Good meele combat is so rare to come by in games (at least armed meele combat) and this game nails it. The battlesare hard and unforgiving, even the weakest enemies can kill you, if you don't watch out. Still, when your timing is right,nothing can beat you.The pixel art is so rough and dark, it perfectly fits the atmosphere.The soundtrack is beautiful, altough the game is pretty silent at times (which still supports the atmosphere).The story turns out to be more relevant than I expected at first, which is a nice suprise, but I haven't played that far, so I can't really judge it yet.Of course this game isn't flawless either. The levels are designed in a way that can be a little frustrating sometimes, because you are pretty slow and if you die, getting back to your destination can be quite annoying. I do like the difficulty, but it just feels a little wrong. The only other issue I'm having is that I'm playing on a gamepad and you go through doors using the analog stick (up). Obviously the analog stick is also used for walking left and right. The problem is that when walking past a door, a lot of the times I go in the door accidentally, because I'm pushing the analog stick a bit too high.Anyway, these issues are very minor and I just wanted to mention them as feedback. Overall I really enjoy the game and I hope to spent more fun hours with it. <3"
76561198089344351,Recommended,456170,34787661,Posted: 6 September,all,formanboys,"Very fun game. Great music and interesting combat. The many different skills can be hard to keep track of, but it gets easier.Story is a tad confusing. There are also a couple of poorly designed areas where enemies can stunlock you, but they aren't unbeatable, just difficult for no reason.The man making the game is very charismatic.Best wishes Mark.8/10"
76561197996752521,Recommended,456170,34973550,Posted: 15 September,all,wedley,"Bannerman weirdly feels like the most historically accurate videogame I've ever played. There are so many little details that show Armitage Games' deep immersion in the period, and makes the combat and the Bannerman's quest feel more believable.Really loving the combat so far. The difficulty level is really high, but when you finally nail the timing of your dodges and start to look like you know what you're doing, it's extremely satisfying."
,Recommended,456170,34987447,Posted: 15 September,all,Gears94,Great and challenging game. I loved the combat and the music is fantastic. I found out about this game through the creators youtube videos of the process that went into making the game.Pros---------Combat-The combat was difficult but very rewarding when you start to take out enemies with out taking damage and dodging arrows perfectly. One thing I love about the combat is that it can be very punishing if you try to rush through it or are frustrated from a couple deaths. If you take a breath and relax and focus on what you are doing then some fights become much easier. There are some a few upgrades you can find as you play and you have 2 options when you find them and you can only choose one which lets you sort of create your play style.-Music-The music is very imersive and really sets the mood. I have actually got the version of the game that comes with the soundtrack and love it.-Art/Animation-The pixel art and rotoscope animation were great. I really liked the look and feel the rotoscope animations gave the game(He has a tutorial on how he does his rotoscope animations if you are interested).-Story-Some may feel the story itself is not that exciting but the way the story is presented and how the game transitions at certain points was really great.Con--------My only con would be the checkpoint/shortcut loactions. There is only 1 per level and that is at the end of the level before the boss. You have to open a gate that once opened stays open even if you die. You then can go through the gate at the start of the level and skip straight to the end. I wish there would have been atleast one more mid way though the level at least for some of the longer levels.
,Recommended,456170,34676629,Posted: 1 September,all,aonaran,"Bannerman is, in my opinion, a terrific game that is an example of the ability of a single person to create a game that both entertains through accurate swordplay, beautiful pixel graphics and a morally grey story. Spoiler Ahead.One of my favourite aspects of the Bannerman's story is the consequences for the players actions. While you have very little ability to choose what you do, the flashbacks and horrific nightmares that your character has due to the violence he has committed is symbolic of historical evidence that knights during the medieval era suffered from PTSD and it explores the dark side of fantasy that few games look at. Instead of elves and dwarves shooting colourful beams at one another, Bannerman explores a visceral and bloody conflict where there is no clear victor, especially since the player increasingly becomes disillusioned with their cause and comrades.With the story intentionally being vague, a lot of what happens can be determined by the player who, instead of having story fed to them, can come across letters and tidbits of information that exemplify the dark themes of the game, and show that as Crowley's army goes on the offensive, Randall's men begin to become anxious and even maddened toward the end due to the prospect of getting killed by Crowley's men who are vicious people who are not remorseful for their misdeeds, but in one scene revel in getting riches from a town they have razed to the ground, even the player is propositioned with having their way with one of the towns people, and it is implied that she is not a consenting player in this scenario.Through the visceral and gory combat, Bannerman can establish a level of sympathy that the player can have for the pepole they kill. Upon killing a soldier you may happen upon a letter that writes of a man missing his wife or fearing the war and wishing to just be left alone. These notes help show the player that these enemies are (although not really) human characters who are not different from the other characters in the game.Aside from the story, the pixel graphics and rotoscoped animation are phenomenal and really add to the liveliness of the world and the characters. The sheer detail of the world, from the rocking of ships to the animations of micellaneous details like birds, pellicans or towns people.The combat can be difficult at times, but when I died I felt that it was predominantely my fault, occasionally I would get pinned in a corner or killed when I would block but the weapon still hit me somehow. Overall, however, it is satisfying yet at the same time quite impactful through the gory deaths that the player or enemies can have.Along with all of this, Bannerman has a host of beautiful songs in it's soundtrack and really adds to the atmosphere, I am really happy that I purchased the Deluxe edition as this soundtrack is a worthy addition to anyone's playlists.To end this long review, I believe that Bannerman is definately worth the money and is a great game that breaks off from fantasy games like Skyrim, instead showing the brutality of the medieval era.One last comment, it is fantastic to see this game being made by an Australian developer, and as an Australian it speaks volumes for the continued potential of the Australian indie game scene."
,Recommended,456170,34651456,Posted: 31 August,all,McGrathA,Perfect Pixel combat.A brutal and demanding side scrolling combat game; not for button mashers!  Similar to Dark souls in that if your not playing well you will die a-lot!  It's the best feeling when you land that perfect evade to then finish your enemy.  :)
76561198071493710,Recommended,456170,34684054,Posted: 2 September,all,catac,"Enjoying the game and the retro feel.  Difficulty curve is just right, easy enough to get a hold of but loose focus and your chopped to bits pretty quick.  The dodge technique is most satisfying - works a treat in evading the arrows to get at those archers.  Liking the story and the soundtrack that goes with it all."
76561198128169254,Recommended,456170,34708255,Posted: 3 September,all,\/\/cDonalds,"Currently trying to defeat Lord Randall, tough fight.The combat system is solid, I guess the developers did some good studies on swords combat and etc.You need a bit of patience to dance around and see through your enemy's move and pattern, then strike at the right time.Single enemy is fun to duel, combination of foot soldier and archers are a pain but doubles the fun, shame that archer always run away.(come back here you lil bish I'm taking your head as my trophy)It is also interesting that different dialogue will lead to different situations in game."
,Recommended,456170,34964126,Posted: 14 September,all,trapdoorbeaver,"If I was to describe Bannerman in two words... its would be'skillful brutality'and when I say skillful I mean more than just proficiency in the combat systems. Bannerman does a good job of teaching you the ropes, but the core combat loop requires a moderate level of skill through out as you will be repeatedly killed as you learn not necessarily enemy patterns, but more of how each enemy fightsYou can easily be killed at a moments notice if you act without thought, as you are required to fight through multiple segments of singleto the deathcombat to progress through the various levelsBannerman is an ode to retro pixel games and medieval sword combat both of which the developer(who solo developed this btw!)is an enthusiast for, you can even check out his entire development cycle on his youtube channel in documentary seriesthe art direction and style is quite pleasing, every kill strike feels very satisfying, as your are rewarded with gushings of blood and a nice crunch sound. The music can be hit and miss, while the bgm itself is quite good... and the ambient sfx along with wildlife and lively animations help to create that alive world feel, some areas are severely lacking in both music and ambianceBannerman also features several huge set pieces involving huge battles with dozens of soldiers and mounted cavalry charges complete with the sounds of warfare and a trebuchet , an animated trebuchet! cause everyone loves a trebuchetas with anything in life Bannerman is not perfect, it has a shortcut system that on occasion can cause you to backtrack through several sets of enemies, but given the core combat mechanics, you probably should be more patient when fighting, as rushing or being overly aggressive will to lead to your continued demise. Along with some rigidity in some of the animations that artificially inflate time spent in game, the turn animation looks good but is frustrating on accidental press given its long run timeBannerman is relatively short, with around a half dozen hours or so of gameplay. Consisting of brutal, highly skilled combat mechanics matched with an aesthetically pleasing design theme that throws back to the 16 bit era of rotoscoped graphicsI personally believe it is worth  the price...plus I have it on good authority that future content patches will bring endless replayability on top of the current story mode and even the possibility of local multiplayer! Which is perfect for a skill based medieval sword fighting systemthings Bannermanischallengingbeautiful rotoscoped pixel artfrustratingvaried enviroments and enemiesthings Bannermanis notmetroidvaniaforgivinga platformeropen world"
76561198144457321,Recommended,456170,35030036,Posted: 17 September,all,emilyriemer,"This game is very punishing in a very old school way, think rogue legacy on higher difficulties. However, in this game when you wipe you have a lot of pointless running to do, unless you happen to find a shortcut then only some running. As such, gameplay boils down to running to the ""boss fight"" using these shortcuts. Combat system is interesting and that why I give it positive review. But it is positive just barely, as wipe mechanic isn't implemented well."
76561197996228583,Recommended,456170,35015466,Posted: 16 September,all,ニャ,"This is actually two games packaged in one.The first is Bannerman: Sword and Steel edition, where you duel various enemies throughout the land on your quest as the Bannerman. This is actually pretty fun, the combat is clever in a simple way. It's not perfect, some of the timing feels a bit weird to pick up so there's a bit more muscle memorization than I'd like, but I definitely recommend it if you liked Nidhogg and don't mind a slower pace.The second is Bannerman: Knight's Errand edition, where you walk throughout the land on your quest as the Bannerman. At times, this feels like a glorified walking simulator, and even though the developer added some skipping mechanisms, you'll still find yourself walking, walking, and walking. I don't recommend this game, it's a bit unpolished with things like all the game actions (entering doors, grabbing items) forcing you to turn right before they start (it's only a few extra frames, but when you're doing things for the 99th time, it adds to the frustration). Some of the levels DO show promise, it has a good atmosphere, it's just cut short by its own repetition.Since you get both games with this bundle, I do recommend it, but as a meta criticism of the bundle as a whole, you're expected to play both games included, so you do feel the flaws of the second game when trying to enjoy the first."
,Recommended,456170,34668894,Posted: 1 September,all,egladius,"Good Game. It is a little short. I enjoyed the dream levels unlike many of the reviewers here. It eventually caused me to question what was real and what was a dream, which I think is the point of the game. It really gets you in the head of a PTSD coldier from the middle ages. 10/10 would get my head ♥♥♥♥ed about again."
76561198042342015,Recommended,456170,34741431,Posted: 4 September,all,ericc555,"Great game overall.  I have had several interactions with the developer to discuss issues with level design and stamina management, and I'm very impressed with his dedication to this project.After playing the game for about 3 hours (about half of the stated 6 hrs was down time), here are my specific thoughts:+Interesting and fun combat (*with some exceptions, see below)Good enemy varietyInteresting story with dream sequencesRealistic view of war and the hardships that come with itExceptional developer dedication (as above).  He lives in Australia which is almost exactly opposite time-wise to the west coast, and he has responded to my posts even when it's late at night for him.Day 3 patch addressed backtracking issues which was one of my and several others primary concerns.-Stamina issues can make combat unnecessarily difficult, despite taking a stamina regen increase perk early in the game.  When you run out of stamina, you cannot take any actions (block, dodge, strike, etc.) until it FULLY regenerates.  Your movement forward and backward is very slow in battle and you cannot escape, so being unable to take any actions for 2-3 seconds makes battles with multiple enemies, mid-bosses and bosses frustrating.  You can take appx 2 heavy/4-5 light strikes per stamina bar so it's very easy to max it out in difficult battles.  For normal enemies, you can generally manage your stamina well enough to avoid maxing it out, but there are many mid-bosses and multiple enemy fights in the game, so it is an issue.I have suggested to the dev. that he either increase the stamina regen rate considerably or allow the player to take action after 2-3 bars of stamina have regenerated.   The dev. is considering whether to make changes or not, which is all one can ask for.Any other negatives are just nitpicks IMHO, which have all been stated by others in reviews or discussion topics.  There are a few puzzles, and only one really frustrated me, but that was primarily due to me not paying attention to the previous area.Hats off to this developer who made this great game (one man dev. team as well).  I hope others take a chance on it and enjoy the ride!Cheers!Eric"
,Recommended,456170,34653461,Posted: 1 September,all,Yilmazz,If you're after a game that will challenge your skills with combat and adventure than Bannerman is for you! The level of work and effort put into this game by this one man studio is astonishing and reflects in the quality of the game. For the price it is an absolute bargain!I've enjoyed playing this game so far and have no doubt I will continue to.
,Recommended,456170,34675901,Posted: 1 September,all,JerechoNC,"If i could give bannerman a neutral review, i would be tempted. Warning: i can be overly critical.Bannerman is a very decent game, if you understand that it was made by 1 person.the art is very good, and the combat was very obviously inspired by historical techniques. In that sense, the animations are very good and accurate. (though its much easier to hold a sword while running by its guard than setting it on your shoulder, as the character does.)the music is fantastic! and then..... its horrible. There were two areas in the game that had a horrible flute playing COMPLETELY out of tune. Its bad, seriously. I dont know what they were thinking but it sounds like they just got some bloke off the streets to just mess around with a recorder for a few minutes and called it a day. Other than those two parts, the music is seriously great. I might even get the soundtrack and just delete the songs with flute parts.combat is the core gameplay. its good but has its issues. the dodge seems somewhat unresponsive. sometimes youll see an attack coming, use the dodge or block key and still get hit because the animations are too slow/you didnt react preemtively enough. Seeing an attack coming and reacting isnt enough, and i found it a little irritating.The art is very good. the story is simple and easily understood. Combat is passable. NPC characters are fairly well defined, considering the shortness of the game.my last gripe (and its a minor one) is that the character has an uneven gait while running.clu-clomp, clu-clomp.  Noone runs like that.  Its more like skipping than running. its wierd and a constant annoyance for me, but i imagine most people dont even notice.Overall, bannerman is pretty cool. Id say get it, because if this one person can make a game this high quality then they can certainly make their next game better with more support."
,Recommended,456170,34669260,Posted: 1 September,all,TheGreatHornedOwlHeadSniper,"Bannerman is one of the best titles I have played recently. Some say it gets boring, and while it can get boring back to the front lines cause that boss just kicked you where the sun don't shine for the 10th time, focing you back to the beggining to fight all the underlings, it brings a unqiue challnge to the game. Minus the magic, currency, health potions, and armor, this is a 2-D game that is much like Dark Souls, but it is not a cheap replica of aforementioned game."
76561198189642963,Recommended,456170,34667085,Posted: 1 September,all,elliotstabler355,"This is my first ever review, I believe this game isnt getting the attention it deserves. I should start by saying I followed the developer on his youtube video series about making this game. I saw the whole process from start to finish. I know the struggles of indie developement. I went into this game knowing he worked on this title primarily on his own with the help of friends. So maybe this makes me biased but I thought it was brilliant. I think way too much people go into this game with very ranging expectations, this game isnt going to be like the juggernauts of AAA developement. What you will get here is a project with passion. It tells a simple tale about a man haunted by war yet he continues to fight to retrieve something taken from him. Its paced pretty well. Its not ment to be a fast paced action adventure. Its gritty and raw. Its not groundbreaking but it is a wholesome package. The pixel art is great, I found myself stopping at times to look at certian features. It all works together to create  a complete theme. The music is one of the reasons I bought the game. It sets the setting perfectly, it fills the air with a daunting mideviel atmosphere. The battles are ingaging and require  full concentration. I had a hell of a time kicking cowering archers in the gonads. The final boss took me forever to beat but I always felt when I failed it was me and not the games fault. I felt this throughout. When you win a battle you feel like you really accomplished something. The core gameplay loops is fun. You explore, though not extensively, to find your way through the level. I just wish there was more. That is my main complaint. I wanted more battles, i wanted more exploration. I wanted more of this game. But what I got was worth the price. 13 bucks for 6 hours of entertainment with more to be had because I'm sure I havent experienced everything this game had to offer. Its good value. The dedication shown in this project, really makes me believe this developer can create a quality title that the AAA industry will never be able to create in terms of intimate works of art. I hope others can play this game and see it for what it is."
,Recommended,456170,34659287,Posted: 1 September,all,Master Flux,"I just started playing it and it already pisses me off :')Jokes aside, this game is great and feels great so far. The intro level is very cinematic, loved it.I really appreciate the pixel art, it looks spectacular, considering it's the first big game from Armitage.I recommend you try it, but beware the archers :^)"
,Recommended,456170,34651711,Posted: 31 August,all,1467,great game watched all the JUST MAKE GAME episodes and it turned out the way i thought it would. but just for the developer the difficulty is cool and all but if you could implement a range of difficulties that would be cool.  I have died 7 times and cannot get past the village.
76561197963464539,Recommended,456170,34670245,Posted: 1 September,all,Akai,"It's a fun game with a pretty unique feel to it. The combat is relatively slow-paced. This could be off-putting to people who are used to popular casual combat systems, but for me it really adds to the feel of real fighting and gives me a great nostalgic feeling and puts the weight of a sword back into my hand. Big kudos for that!The soundtrack is also a big plus and creates together with the well-picked colours and the cool artstyle of the game a fun and immersive experience.So if you are looking for a challenging but at the same time relaxing experience, give Bannerman a try!"
76561197971171010,Recommended,456170,34671242,Posted: 1 September,all,The Comedian,"With a nod to classic side scrolling action adventures, Bannerman is visually appealing and unique - soundtrack fits the adventure perfectly. Fighting is challenging (those archers!!) but flows well, I find a gamepad works best for me rather than keyboard. It is a real achievement when you manage to best the more challenging opponents!  Highly recommended."
76561197971692688,Not Recommended,456170,35310658,Posted: 29 September,all,[57th] Stilgar,"Were the game $5 I'd be more forgiving.The backgrounds repeat often; the exact same flip a switch then run back to surface race right go down flip 2nd switch.Now you can go back where you started.He can only go up or downstairs in one direction so you have to maneuver side to side to get him to go anywhere.The swordplay is okay.Archers are way OP.You can only crouch and it only works for a fraction of a time, a second or two before Bannerman just stands up and gets shot.So far a huge meh."
,Not Recommended,456170,34653182,Posted: 1 September,all,MH #8413,"I liked the game at first, I thought it would be like a 2D Chivalry. It would have been awesome if there was some sort of arena, challenge, survival mode if all you wanna do is get good at the combat. The game gets boring really fast, at first I endured it thinking it was gonna get better. The story isn't captivating, its decent but not interesting. I feel likethey were trying too hard to be in-depth especially with that painfully long 5 minute ""nightmare"" level. Skills and technique upgrades are scattered throughout the map of that level, and because the game being hardcore linear you WILL find them. No quests, no side quest, no alternate mode, no multiplayer, no challenges only main story singleplayer. You will play this only once and that is it. Had potential but not anymore"
76561198150995775,Not Recommended,456170,34652642,Posted: 31 August,all,C  C,"The first impresion of this game is good, very attracting combat, the art style, story rich backgroud and story telling. However, it can get boring and annoying very easily, the textures the details you will start to ignor them from level 2. 'Great soundtrack' but really 'poor sound effect', in this game you will spend tons of time on running, a lot of running, which also super slow, the only sound you will hear is 'da dada da dada...', and that is the mean soundtrack of this game, and it is boring. This game does have some good soundtrakes in some boss fights and the end, you still need to spend most of game hearing your running steps and the same battle background 'sound'. I am not really good at this game and I struggled a lot, which means boring graphics and sounds over and over again.In conclution, the running design is worst and most ridiculous part of this game, walk and run makes no difference effect in the game, but the developer still insist to keep the walk and run seperate and the walk is also the mean stance, so every time you want to run you need to press R, which makes it have to takes both hands in the most boring parts of this game. Except the combat, the game is really slow, all the movments and actions make you hope to have a skip button.The battle and combat is good though, but the process between battle and battle is really slow, boring, and annoying. Over all this is a good game, but it does not worth this much, it has a short and brief story; combat and sound track is good; the game play is not so enjoyable due to the died then restart rule (long traveling distanse), $10 to $13 should be a fair price, and I suggest keepping it in your wishlist and wait, this game worth $13 but I recomend buy it in $5 to $7."
76561197985605577,Not Recommended,456170,34872733,Posted: 10 September,all,Tschudimann,"Slow, checkpoints faaaar inbetween if killed takes way too much time to play"
76561198017024830,Not Recommended,456170,34654124,Posted: 1 September,all,ckf,this game gets boring really really fast...
76561197997987891,Not Recommended,456170,34751497,Posted: 5 September,all,Virus=VX9=,bad game
