user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198363095652,Recommended,457140,32214528,Posted: 5 June,all,TheLawyerGuy,"All these reviews with less than 10 hours on record, telling you the game is uninteresting. What puts people off, I assume, is the mid-game. Starting and setting up base is the fun part but is hardly a challenge, which is why most people enjoy it. The mid-game, presently, is where the base needs planning and strict management to survive - where everything starts to fall down a spiral, probably which is where people have a falling out. The difficulty spikes during this mid period, where resources, tasks and dupes need to be managed if you wish to go on further - where it becomes a niche genre - some people love it, some don't. After this difficult and rather annoying period, the game becomes a bit of a sandbox and you can let your creativity flourish, with advanced machineries and systems. Bases evolve to their final form, mostly sustaining themselves and an easier relaxed life for your dupes.I love the game, and honestly, if my life allowed it, i'd play it a lot more. The ai is a tad wonky but perhaps, going out of early access will fix it.Edit: I play on windows ' bootcamp' on macbook 2013 retina; as of the last fix the fps,for me, has improved.Edit: Here is a good guidehttps://redd.it/6gm4ry, no bamboozle."
,Recommended,457140,31824157,Posted: 18 May,all,Zervo,"Another awesome game by Klei (Creator of Don't Starve, Mark of the Ninja).For those who like base building simulation, this definitely worth a try.Be aware that it is still in early access state, so the content is not final and have bug/performance issue in some cases.But looking at Klei's history, I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.It's a space colony game where you break & build stuff.Mainly you have to deal with gas, food, temperature, and stress.You aren't controling the character (dupe) directly, instead they are control by AI and you are just giving them a list of orders/job that they have to do/complete.For more info about what this game is about, it's better if you read the game description and see some screenshots or gameplay video.Below are my thoughts about the game.Pros:+ Worth the price. Already offers lots of contents to play (for Early Access).+ They have plan and roadmap for future update.Their target for new update is every 4-6weeks (bug & balancing patch in between).+ Very active Developers & Community+ Can be played casually, hardcore or tryhard mode.+ Awesome Sound & Art.+ Can improve your chemistry grade (maybe, or perhaps make it worst?).Cons:- I can't take back my 200 hours.This game is so addictive, it's like crack. Probably illegal in some country, be careful.<<<Spoiler Warning>>>STOP reading here if you don't want to get spoiled.Tips for New Player:1. Nobody like sleeping with snooring people, so avoid those loud sleeper (negative trait), except they got awesome stat & you know what you are doing.2. Watch their expected decor, try to get the lowest decor when you start picking your first 3 dupes.3. Learning, Digging, and Construction are pretty useful for early game. Another good attribute to consider are Athletics (they move faster, can easily be trained but still useful if they are high from the start) & Strength (currently you can't train this, so definitely has its own value)4. Stress Response. Try to avoid Binge Eater if you still learning and you know you won't do well.5. Start digging (shortcut G), get those sandstone, algae & copper (metal).6. At early in the game, you might think you have enough algae. ButNO, you don't.7. The first thing you need to build is restroom (Outhouse), your dupes need a place to pee and poop. or they will make a mess.8. Build Research Station ASAP (research farming first). It need to be connected with electricity, so enjoy looking at your dupes running on the hamster wheel9. Dupes breath oxygen in and emit Carbon Dioxide (they can fart too). O2 are light blue & a bit transparant, CO2 are black. CO2 can stack up pretty fast, be careful with it. They are heavier than O2, so they will fall at the bottom of your colony/base. (they also tend to go right)10. Oxylite produce oxygen, try to open area that have them (you don't need to dig them).11. Watch for warning notification, dupes are not the smartest creature in the asteroid, sometime they can kill themselves in the most unpredictable (stupid) scenario.12. Exploring is good, but be careful not to expand too much or open a big vacuum area when your oxygen production is still low.13. There is Priority Tools in the bottom right panel. 1 lowest, 9 highest (avoid using 9 for all your job order, setting all to 9 means no 9). You should probably check the other tools too, and overlay (top right). They are useful.14. Hatch & puff are useful. Rule of thumbs, just don't kill any creature before you actually know what they do (good or bad).15. Taking new dupe is okay, but be very careful with your oxygen & food supply.16. You might think mealwood will be your stable food supply. ButNO, it is not17. Don't freak out with unfriendly/toxic gases, but you should start worrying when they are getting out of control.18. Electrolizer spit out lots of oxygen but they also spitting out hydrogen. (they are lighter than O2, so they'll go upward)19. Some resource are more scarce than the other, be very careful. Some example: Algae, clean water, and metal (copper, gold) at early game. Sands and coal at mid-late game.20. #DupesLivesMatter, remember to take care of your dupe. When stress hit you hard, it will be a snowball effect and your colony is doom before you realize it21. Watch your decor, some building have bad decor and it is bad for your dupes. (use decor overlay)22. Watch your building temperature, some building emits heat and can be overheated (break & need repair, cost time & resource. again, use overlay to check)23. Watch your own necessity, like dupe, your life matter too. You need food, drink, and sleep."
,Recommended,457140,31913588,Posted: 23 May,all,Samork,Klei did it again..+Loyalty discount+Amazing art style+Awesome mechanics+Base expansion that doesn't feel repetetive+Loveable cute characters+Dark and mysteries world+An early access game that works.
76561198032683203,Recommended,457140,33138317,Posted: 2 July,all,YeGoblynQueenne,"Yep, this is a good game. It's not finished yet, for sure, but the basics are in place to make for a very nice base-builder.The thing to keep in mind is that this is not Factorio (which I've played, from GOG) neither Rimworld (which I haven't). In OnI the focus is on building systems to generate resources that your dupes need to survive until your colony can reach a critical mass that allows it to go on indefinitely. Not that I've achieved this, mind, but it's obvious that there are some ""loops"" that you can exploit to create a self-sustaining economy of sorts.For example, you can build a hydrogen generator that consumes hydrogen and produces energy. You can get hydrogen from Electrolyzers that also generate oxygen and consume energy and water. You can get water from Liquid Pumps that also need energy. The trick is to find the balance between consuming and generating enough energy to keep a generator, a few Electrolyzers and a couple of pumps going just on their own [Edit: oops. You also need a gas pump and a gas filter to separate the hydrogen and the oxygen, and those also consume energy. You can power them pretty comfortably with the Hydrogen Generator however].Or, a very simple loop is to start with a pump, feed its output to a couple of Lavatories or Showers clean the polluted water they output through a Water Purifier and output it where it will be pumped by the Liquid Pump, starting the loop all over again. It's even possible to connect one purifier to one shower and keep the loop closed and going without input from a pump.(If those loops remind you more of OOP design patterns, oh my god, no. This is actually fun. But, yeah, otherwise, the idea is to come up with little functional units that you can then replicate as needed, I guess.)The point of building such loops of course is to keep your dupes alive and for this you need to manage three resources: oxygen, food and their stress. Failing to plan ahead and manage these resources well can send the entire colony in a tailspin and cause your dupes to start dying out pretty quickly.For example, my latest colony, ""Death Trainwreck"" (autogenerated names are all optimistic like that) started falling apart when Bubbles, one of my dupes who has the ""Binge Eater"" stress response trait went crazy for the lack of clean air and proper temperature and started eating all of the available food. Pretty soon she had eaten mroe than 30k calories.  That left very few for the rest of the colony (I suspect that was actually a bug- I think she should have stopped earlier) and then my dupes started dying out because they had nothing to eat. Game over, man.So, like I say, all this takes a lot of careful planning and careful resource management. Thankfully, you get a very detailed control system where you can assign each dupe to any number of different jobs and can also set a priority level for each job. This way you can even sort of ""program"" the dupes, by giving a high priority to the jobs that need to be finished first and a lower one to the jobs that depend on the others; say, give a priority of 9 to digging a pit and a priority of 8 to building up the system to fill it with water (or rather, CO2, you generally don't need to move a lot of water around, although it can happen).The information you get from the game about the dupes' vitals, the energy your buildings generate or consume, the available oxygen, temperature etc etc is not for the faint hearted either. The available food is listed down to the kcal, power is listed in Watts, and so on. This makes it a little harder to eyball the amount of enegy you have, say, or immediately figure out how much you need to heat the colony but there is a certain kind of player that will find this level of detail infinitely satisfying. More importantly, it provides the precision you need to create the kind of system you want- the limit is your own imagination. This is something rarely seen in games and makes OnI a unique experience.(On the other hand, this level of detail can probably put some people off too).Of course, this being an Early Access game there's a lot of things missing. For one thing, there are very few options to reduce your dupes' stress. Some decorations, a massage table and that's it basically. There's also probably many more buildings that could be added - for instance, something to farm the (currently, only few) animals in the game. Or, more animals for that matter.This is not a finished game at this point, but if you like resource management and engine-building, you probably want to give this a try, keeping in mind that its price may be a little bit on the steep side for its current state.Then again, you're also buying a promise of future content and if Klei is still the same company that made Don't Starve, I think we can expect a lot of that.I recommend it _IFF_ you don't mind the fact that it's still unfinished.  Otherwise, wait for a year or so."
,Recommended,457140,31931250,Posted: 24 May,all,Max well,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Not Recommended,457140,34518120,Posted: 26 August,all,Keeper-,"> A lot of people are hating me for the review so I'm just making this clear. THIS IS NOT A BAD GAME. I said not recommended because there's a lot stuff that needs fixing and I don't want you guys to hate the game because of its current state as this definitely is going to be a masterpiece.This game has turned into a unplayable piece of crap after the new Outbreak update. There is no way to prevent the germs from spreading after a certain amount of time. The duplicants now keep stressing for no reason at all. I played a few games and realised that they were stressed more than 50% in about 15 cycles and once that happens, all hell breaks lose. They don't care what the need to do, or what you want them to do. They don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about priorities. I literally lost my base because they refused to deliver water to the wash basin with a priority 9 on it and because of that they never washed their hands after using the outhouse or the compost. Also, there's no way to filter the germs out of the water and they spread too fast. One of my duplicants literally died on a priority 1 manual generator sitting next to the ration box because of starvation. Also, I don't like the idea of Med-cot having an outhouse and ration box next to it as this is pretty impossible until you get a Lavatory which literally means you have a stable source of electricity, water and an able purification system.I really think you shouldn't have released this update without providing the proper prevention and cure technologies. Because I really want to know what's behind those DNA coded high-tech doors and what's with those office rooms with the desks and all but I can't seem to make it there.EDIT: The game has now become a little playable after the fix and the germs are dying off faster than usual. Containing them is still an issue because dupes sometimes ignore the water delivery to the basins and when you have a few of them, you can't keep track of everything. For the time being, I suggest you guys to play the custom game with high immunity.EDIT 2: Thank you for the hotfix. The game is pretty okay now. The only issue I am facing now is probably the automation of disinfection. This is not letting me build stuff in the slime region as the dupes are more busy trying to disinfect stuff rather than building what I want them to. I know I can increase the germs threshold for disinfection but this is pretty annoying. P.S. I just spent an hour trying to create a room in the Slime region and it's still not complete. The amount of slimelung on the slime is waay more than the max threshold provided by the germs overlay and the dupes are just busy disinfecting. Also, they are ignoring even the priority 9 tasks to go disinfect the same area again and again so I had to set up a one-way airlock to stop them. -_-EDIT 3: Thank you for looking into the problem so fast and adding the option to disable auto-disinfection. The game is pretty balanced now. Slimelung, for some reason isn't dying off in presence of oxygen after it drops to a certain point, I'm gonna try to kill it using chlorine today. You guys are actually taking the time to read the reviews and fixing the issues we're facing so fast and I'm pretty sure everyone who hated the update at first is happy about it.EDIT 4: and probably my last update for this review. And I'll start with the people commenting that I should change the recommendation for the game, you can downvote the review if you want. I did not write this long♥♥♥♥♥review just for people to read the banner and skip to the next game they have in queue. They can read it and decide for themselves. Moving on, I tried debug console for the game today even though I did not want to since its more like cheating for two reasons. First being the fact that I'm writing this review for the complete update, second because I found something in the game that I did not know what to do with. Its called Neutronium and I still don't know what to do with it. For those of you who don't know, the debug console provides you with the options of spawning in-game stuff and making copying of things. Its pretty useful if you wanna try some of your purification or filteration systems and such. It works pretty okay but there are two problems though. One that, some of the options in the console crash the game and the second that the console can't spawn gases correctly. I tried this three times in different maps and its not stable. For instance, I tried spawning 1 kg of oxygen in exactly 1 cell of my base and it spawned all over the place and started increasing in concentration. In ten minutes, my plants stopped growing because the concentration of oxygen was 1000 kgs/cell. The solids and liquids however work fine. So if you're planning to use the console, try not using the options related to gases and make sure you untick the ""Prevent FOW reveal"" option or it will delete the selected block off the map and make it unusable."
76561197995382427,Recommended,457140,31905190,Posted: 22 May,all,Kyuuby,"On the surface, this is a base building survival game. Somewhat like Terraria, where you mine blocks and build you base with it. You build living quarters, research labs, water reservoirs, farm etc. When I first bought it, I was expecting it somewhat fallout shelter.But it is so much more! This is one of the few games where you have to plan for both short and long term (a couple other being Factorio, Minecraft with industrial mods etc). Want short term gain by placing your toilet closer to your base? Your base will smell like♥♥♥♥♥♥after a couple cycles in. Forgot to build ventilation in the rooms? You'll have CO2 build up and your duplicate (the game's residences) will choke. Did not build insulation around your batteries? You base will heat up and make all your plants die.Everything you do will have short term, mid term and long term effect on the survival of your base. In fact, it's fairly hard to lose short term (unless you trap everyone in a room full of chlorine), but it's also very hard to fix problems if you let it manifest and become a long term problem other than to start over.tl;dr If you are looking for a great macro management strategy game, this is the game for you!edit: apparently wasn't my first review :L"
,Recommended,457140,31869727,Posted: 20 May,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/gOwZ4YvhfVsTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!The gameplay revolves entirely around gathering resources to expand and maintain your colony, while ensuring the survival of all the inhabitants or duplicants as they’re called. The duplicants are random, and have different stats, passive abilities, and stress responses.Dig, dig, and dig some more. Gather resources to build to survive. Along with the initial crafting cost, some buildings will need to be resupplied regularly if you want to keep using them. I found that turning buildings on or off helped a lot to conserve precious resources. It takes a lot of building and expanding to gather enough resources to even come close to making the base self-sustainable (in my 32+ hours of playing, I still haven’t been able to achieve it yet)Managing your population also plays a role. I’ve found that recruiting too many duplicants is way too much of a strain on resources, so I wound up declining new recruits very often. (So far, my most successful colony still has only 5 duplicants after 69 cycles.)When things inside the base start to go wrong, it can trigger even more things in your base to go badly, and spiral out of control if you don’t pause the game, and address the issues quickly. There were many times where I felt like my colony was on a path to extinction, and I wasn’t sure if I could fix the problems. Fortunately, every cycle the game auto saves, which is really nice to have in case you completely screw up and kill everyone by mistake. I think the auto-saves eventually overwrite, but there are still plenty available to revert to.Researching new technology in game is essential for progress, and you will be able to learn everything. You’ll need to set up a stable power grid to keep everything up and running. Things like gas and liquid filtration become very important as the colony grows. Filtering out toxic gases and carbon dioxide, while pumping in oxygen, but at the same time managing the gas pressure and temperature in each of the areas as well. Some structures consume one type of resource, and generate others, such as the scrubber that uses clean water and carbon dioxide, but produces polluted water as a byproduct.Pros:great survival aspects and resources that you need to manage (i.e. oxygen, hunger, temperature, stress using decor, power generation, liquid and gas filtration systems, etc.)there’s a lot of things to manage, but it’s all about trying to find that balance so your colony can thrive, and it can present as quite a challenge to achieve thatgood research system, and you can learn everything essential to maintaining your colonyyou don’t need to micro-manage the duplicants, but they will automatically go and complete tasks that you have prioritizedaddictive gameplay, where you will want to do “just one more thing,” and then it winds up turning into several hour long stretches of playingthere’s certainly replay value in that you will likely start over at least a few times when you figure out ways that you could have done things bettergraphics are great: the environments, and the items you build in the base look good, and the characters facial animations are extremely adorablegood audio: the music is decent, and the sound effects give you nice clear audio cues when things go wrongcustomizable keyboard shortcuts (there is no controller support, but even if there was, I would advise against using it)Cons:it can be overwhelming, and could use better tutorials (reading a wiki or watching some tips outside of the game is helpful)no story right now, or any sort of objectives other than just dig, build, and survive (which won't appeal to everyone)(nitpick) the AI isn’t perfect, and it will sometimes strand itself by digging the wrong direction, but it’s not usually a big dealConclusion:Oxygen Not Included is a great game. Even in its early access state, the game is very fun and very addicting. There is plenty of stuff to build and manage with more updates being added, the game has a ton of potential. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys base building survival strategy games. Just keep in mind that the game is not finished yet, so if you’re turned off by early access titles, then you might want to just wishlist it for later.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Not Recommended,457140,32070210,Posted: 30 May,all,Eudae,"It's interesting but I wouldn't call it fun. Most of my enjoyment of this game comes from starting over and over again and I'll explain why.At it's core, it's a management game (which I love) with all the difficulties placed at the start. In the beginning, you need to manage your ever dwindling supply of water, oxygen and food, and increasing quantities of issues (CO2, pollution). Once you unlock more/all the research, the game becomes increasingly more complex but also much, much easier (and less interesting, as a result).There really isn't much to do once you get past the initial growth phase other than tweak efficiency or expand which might be fun if you really enjoy spreadsheets / min/maxing / physics but that's not really my cup of tea.Would I recommend it? Maybe. It really depends on if you like physics simulators."
76561198025072931,Recommended,457140,33139681,Posted: 2 July,all,Muse,"Tl;dr: This isn’t a mindless timewaster type of game. Time will need to be put into it. Understand what you are getting into before playing.First off, this game is not a “sim” and you can’t approach it like one. It’s hard. Like Don’t Starve, you will be dying constantly. Your colonies will fail. Many, many times. Yes it can be micromanagey—but according to the developers that issue should be getting better with each major update (if you think it requires micromanaging now, you should have seen it before it was released on steam!!). This game WILL require you to put some time into it, learn the mechanics, and learn how actions affect the game world—and boy do they affect the world. Everything you do will determine how well your colony is going to turn out: the traits of the dupes you accept, the locations of buildings, when you build the buildings, what you build the buildings with, what you allow your dupes to eat, the temperature of your base, what plants you plant and where you plant them, even the spawn locations of the biomes around you. Again, the game is hard. And that’s the point. I have found that with each colony that fails, I have gotten a little better at understanding the game and can survive a little longer a little easier. This isn't a game where you have one group of dudes forever and you happily expand forever. Your dupes will do stupid things, they will die (sometimes you will actually have to intentionally LET them die), you will rage. When I first started playing, I couldn't get past cycle 30 without everything going to heck in a handbasket. But the more you play, the more you learn, and the better you get. Understand that if you get this game, you will NOT be playing something mindless and easy. If you can’t handle delayed gratification, then this won’t be the game for you."
,Recommended,457140,31940826,Posted: 24 May,all,A$AP Vaas,"Klei catched me by surprise, I didn't expect a brand new game from then (probably should've read the announce). The loyalty disscount is nice.. The game is way harder than it looks (oxygen).. Base builders who came from DS and DST are crying because of huge restrictions (oxygen).. If you're a biologyst this game suits you.. Kinda nerdy game.. I am the guy who's issue (crash when starting a new save) got pinned in klei official forums so (you) let me feel important by praising me.. Animations are a strong point in Klei's Games with a cartoonish style to make it better and smoother**Important** : Don't read reviews from guys who have less that 10 hours in the game, they know 1/7 of the game (or less)...I'm only doing this to get the fancy ""Early Access Review"" box up there."
,Not Recommended,457140,35320338,Posted: 29 September,all,Anarchist Cat,"This is a 50/50 for me.I've enjoyed it, at the same time as I have felt ""What's the point?"" in true Marvin voice.Rimworld is a title I have played a lot of before - and it had a purpose.Oxygen not included does not, it's just: ""Dig, Manage Gas, dig. Manage water.""It's not really the same category as Rimworld anymore, but rather a manage-the-same-stuff-repeatedly.I've followed it from early start, and I still feel like there's not much purpose being added...Only odd things and more ""things"" to manage, which others might enjoy endlessly - but I feel a bit ""meh"" about it.I'm hoping for it to take a turn and start getting some more flesh on those bones at some point.I'll edit this comment whenever that build happens, if it ever happens.-So end result of this?I recomend it to those who enjoy managing things without a purpose beyond ""You will die if you don't.""If you're like me and want a carrot at the end, you might find yourself in a ""meh"" state after you've tried all the gadgets possible to build.It's also a tad too complicated for me personally with HOW to handle Gas / Liquid etc, which I am sure others may find more engaging and hence may be their carrot.So if you enjoy fiddling, get this - if you're like me, wait and see.//Mamabear"
,Recommended,457140,31893832,Posted: 21 May,all,Scarfee,"3 hours in.-There's CO2 everywhere.-Since CO2 takes all the place , no oxygen can be produced.-Since there is no oxygen, energy cannot be produced.-Since there is no energy, most things barely work.-Since everything barely works, everyone is stressed.-Since everyone is stressed, and we have only one outhouse, the whole colony is covered in crap,♥♥♥♥♥♥and puke.-Since everything is covered in crap,♥♥♥♥♥♥and puke, everyone stresses out even more and goes crushing things.-Equipment is broken, more crap,♥♥♥♥♥♥and puke,-People start choking to death trying to mine algea for CO2 recycling plants.-WHERE IS THE F*CKING ALGEA?-CO2 recycling plants stop working since people die trying to get f*cking algea.-You did it. You killed your colony.11/10 best ""drown in your own sh*t"" simulator."
76561198028231082,Not Recommended,457140,34545676,Posted: 27 August,all,Kevin,"Brief summary of game: you command a bunch of people, called duplicants, to build your base.  You assign tasks of varying prority and the duplicants automatically respond. Lots of resources are required to sustain duplicant life, and most of your time will be spent on this.Game seems interesting, but at this current point in development, I would say the game is worth about 10-15 bucks. The reason I am put off from this game isn't because of an accumulation of small problems, but rather because of the fundamental features/designs of this game. Here are the three big headaches I get when playing this game:1. Many essential resources are finite yet not renewable (as in when they get used, these resources or their constituent parts diminish over time)Resources such as water and oxygen get used up rather aggressively as the game goes on, even though these resources are essential for your duplicants AND they arent renewable. This means that you are on a never ending quest to find more water and oxygen (either directly or from other resources which can be converted). A couple hours into every game I start, and I find that I spend most of my time simply transporting oxygen and water across the base.2. Duplicants require more and more decor as time goes on (inevitably as they skill up), which means that they get stressed more and more easily (eventually leading to a colony full of highly stressed individuals who stop working every couple seconds to freak out).The problem with the stress system is that duplicants will level up their skills as time progresses, which is directly correlated to their decor requirements, creating the growing problem of needing more and more decor/stress relievers. The problem is that these individuals progress their skills indefinitely, leading to a runaway problem involving a colony full of ungrateful, uncivilized mooks who would sit around contributing to colony collapse just because their hubris demands that they stop, drop, and f*ck all, unless they were treated like royalty.3. Inability to proritize certain tasks based on duplicant skill level/distance from job.This last one really seemed like the game questioned my intelligence. If I queue up the task to build some structures, and I also queue up the task to mine some walls, it really busts my nut when I find out that the guy with lvl 9 digging/lvl 1 construction is building all my structures, and the lvl 1 diggin/lvl 9 construction guy is mining the walls. Does the game expects me to be perfectly okay this? NO, go f*ck yourselves. Also sometimes I queue up a task, and it sends some guy from halfway across my base to respond to this task, when there is a perfectly healthy individual sitting 5 feet away. F*ck you again.All in all, I'm sure this game will get better along the line, and all it's rough edges will be rounded off, because of my faith in Klei, but if you're looking for a good time, go watch porn instead."
,Not Recommended,457140,33918789,Posted: 30 July,all,ColdPudding,"The game is basically a micro-managing colony builder that is quite fun for a while. Learning what you need to keep a colony alive and how you go about making it takes a few playthroughs to figure out, which is a lot of fun and sustains a drive to keep trying and building up a new colony.My problem was after solving my problems for oxygen and food with minimal stress and sustainable energy, I lost motivation to keep going.Sure you are always on the search for water and sand to make the water usable (which are both finite recources in the world) but since these things are not in immediate necessity when you already have a large supply, I just don't feel like I need to do it.It's a good game, but it needs more problems to deal with for me to keep playing. I also think I may have a biased opinion on the game since I got it very early on when it was less than 25 dollars. I don't remember what the price before was, but I think 25 bucks is too expenisve for its current state.tldr - Wait for more updates before buying."
,Not Recommended,457140,33294385,Posted: 5 July,all,[DR]_Musashi,"A really great looking game with a cool management style. It is very much a game where you spend most of your time trying to get things to work and when you succeed it invariably causes something else to fall apart, but in a fun way.TheproblemsI had with it was partly that the game soft forces you into certain paths that are simply more effective than others, but also that when youfinally manageto get things working well or at least to stabilize there is not really a lot of motivation to keep going. At least that is how I felt.I would have liked more fully fleshed out alternative methods of sustainability, like using plants for everything, machines for everything or creature farming for example. Also I would have liked the farming system to be better. It feels like it is very limited. Getting new kinds of plants and even being able to keep finding seeds for common ones is too tricky. Some of the systems that are in place are really interesting, like the ducts, but others seem a bit shallow or incomplete. It is like the potential is there but important parts are missing.Most of all though I lack a drive to keep pushing.TL:DR review - Great base of a game, but it feels kind of incomplete at the moment. Would wait for realease version. If you are really into these types of games however it is probably worth checking out."
76561198202526348,Not Recommended,457140,31854935,Posted: 20 May,all,rancidl,It was fun but it does not last long enough for the price right now. Took me a day to have a great colony and do everything I could do. I feel no desire to keep playing the same scenario over and over again.
,Recommended,457140,33670181,Posted: 20 July,all,Athravan,"Early Access Review as of 20th July 2017.By the end of the month my little colony is a bustling suburbia. I've printed out every new colonist available and they scurry around the base completing mundane tasks. Slowly the drip, drip, drip of water builds up beneath the toilets. The showers start leaking and break down, the carbon dioxide and hydrogen is rising. Pollution seeps through every crack. I desperately try to start fixing the leaks - but I forget something very basic. Food. I've over built, I don't have enough electricity, my food system is down to nil and my colonists start starving to death. Before long I'm frantically turning machines off left right and centre to cope with a population plunge but I'm just delaying the inevitable. I try to imagine what these final two colonists are thinking as they sleep in fetid, flooded quarters and try to gasp in a few last breaths of oxygen. It's probably ""Athravan, you killed us all."" R.I.PEpic ManagementOxygen Not Included is a management building game that basically forces you to sit on a line between constant disaster and a perfect system, making decisions that could wipe out your entire colony. Not today, not tomorrow, but a month down the line when you realize you messed something up, it's coming back to haunt you. My second playthrough was much more successful, but I still had a lot to learn. It's a game that expects you to make mistakes and to learn from them. In that regards I can see it frustrating some, as you're almost destined to fail as you learn the game.Complex GameplayThe actual gameplay appears basic on the surface. You carve out an empty space and put up walls. You build beds, places to eat, you add furniture and some decor. You add a toilet, and some showers. You use your resources around you (various minerals, gases and waters) to build, process and power. You grow creepy plants and turn them into disgusting, maggoty mush bars to eat. You continue exploring and your base gets bigger and more people come. It gets bigger, and bigger and before you know it things are spiralling out of control and then it gets complicated. Exactly where should you put your oxygen machines? What is the most efficient way to get water from point A to B? How do you set up your food farm? Why is this person unhappy and how can you fix it? How did 10 people just die? Did that person just get stuck at the bottom of a crevice because you didn't build a ladder? Are these corpses spreading disease and depressing the hell out of everyone? Why yes. Yes they are.It follows basic physics. Certain gases rise. Ceilings that are unsupported can fall if you dig around them. Water drops downwards. Thermodynamics dicate the temperatures. It sounds simple, but when it's on a large scale it is really anything but.The UI is intuitive and easy to use from the get-go, with encouragement on choosing your unlock paths and figuring stuff out yourself. It doesn't hold your hand, so be prepared to engage those brain cells.MiiiiinionsYour minions have stress levels and need massages (who doesn't?). They will run around on auto based on what you've set as a priority, so you're not in firm control. Sometimes they make dumb decisions and a few folks died due to their apparent inability to understand the concept of ""the food is in the fridge just go get it."" AI is often a downfall and I do think it is a weak spot here; although it's rare enough to not affect my overall enjoyment and the game is at the end of the day still in early access. Hypothetically you can get a base to a critical mass level, where your AI can do everything it needs to do as efficiently as possible. Produce enough food, oxygen and power whilst recycling and cleaning water in an endless, self-sustaining loop. Good luck with that though, still a work in progress for me. I suspect it's going to take me a long time to get there and I'll leave a lot of corpses in my wake.This is a unique base builder that takes supply chains and management to the next level. I love it!♥♥♥ If you're a weirdo who wants to follow my reviews, please clicky some links:My Curator Page,My Twitter, theWelsh Gaming Network. Thanks! ♥♥♥"
76561198067979520,Not Recommended,457140,33992668,Posted: 3 August,all,Eyad,"Oxygen not included has a ton of potential with a great atmosphere, but...In its current state its still far from being complete, I would say the items need to atleast double for it to be a game worth buying and playing for more than 10 hours without getting bored.And since the updates are infrequent and the game is still in early access, I cannot recommend you buying the game, atleast until it gets more content."
,Recommended,457140,35507619,Posted: 5 October,all,Nugglet,"This is easily one of my favourite games, and it isn't for some people, I respect that.But I see a lot of red reviews from people who are just plain BAD, so I thought I'd try this opinion thing.Oxygen Not Included (ONY) appears to be a fun, light, happy little game.But it really isn't.It is clever, difficult, and will punish your mistakes like an ex girlfriend -- quietly and of many magnitudes higher than the original offence.While not always textbook, ONY really takes its science to heart, rewarding players for considering physics, conservation of mass, specific heat capacity, density, etc.Consider this simple scenario:Build thingthing needs power, build generatorBuild battery in basementBattery holds energy electricity -> emits heatHeat risesBase begins to warmHeat builds, plants die, duplicants begin to stressOut of desperation seal betteries in insulated roomBase is saved, battery room begins to boil, batteries start to failohdamn.jpgGet idea, build air pumpPump hot air from battery room away from baseRoom cools, but batteries cant disperse heat in a vacuumBatteries break, no power storage, rolling brown outs in base, systems failing, stress mountingSuch is life in the rockAnd lastly, anybody reading about OMG OUTBREAK BROKE MAH GAME:The germs in the game behave like germs, they multiply and spread. Stop charging into a biohazard zone until you have the resources to handle the diseases it exposes you to. Things like wash basins, ore scrubbers, air filters, air locks, etc...Pace yourself, think ahead, SURVIVE."
76561198009481187,Recommended,457140,34588163,Posted: 29 August,all,Satyre,"There are a lot of reviews here talking about how it's impossible to stop the spread of germs, that duplicants keep getting sick and stressed and you can't stop it... This is all untrue. Germs are only impossible to stop if you have not built your base to properly remove them. In my latest playthrough I never had anyone get below 95% immune strength.I have played far more of this game than is healthy and I can tell you the addition of germs has been a very minor thing. On my first playthrough of the outbreak upgrade, I learned how germs spread by day 10 and then started a new game with the knowledge of how to stop them.Priority number ONE used to be starting research. Priority number one is now building a couple of bathrooms. You just need to make a couple of closed rooms containing an outhouse and a wash basin by the exit. Duplicants will use the wash basin when exiting the room, removing most of the germs.Germs will grow on your food in the ration box, but not on food stored in a refrigerator, so researching the refrigerator is a higher priority now. Before you start digging into the slime biome which contains slimelung, you just need to set up a hallway with 4-6 ore scrubbers as the only access and you won't get much slimelung in your base either.Besides germs, the latest update has GREATLY improved the flow of gas and liquid through pipes and allows you to fine tune valve pressures and storage quantities by typing in the exact number you want instead of the horrible slider bar we used to have.Agriculture has been greatly streamlined and you can now grow a greater variety of plants more easily. I've been having a lot of fun with the newly added mushrooms. If you don't have this game, just buy it and try it. There is a pretty big chance you'll love it, as I have."
,Not Recommended,457140,34123443,Posted: 9 August,all,CypheR8,"EDIT: this review is not updated for Outbreak since I did not find anything in content and/or other reviews to motivate me to give it another try. Judging by other reviews, mine is still accurate, if not more so with all the new sources of stress.I'd say I've now given this game a good try and I cannot recommend it in its current state.Any attempt to play it will go in one of two directions: either you get everything right in first 15 days and will have absolutely nothing to do past that, or you will encounter a slight difficulty and watch everything spiral out of control as you have no tools to control any of your resources.1) Gas management. Let me just start by saying that managing air supply for the whole colony in one place is not an option. At best you will have to dedicate the entire lowest floor to CO2 removal because gases have miniscule horisontal mobility and you can't do anything about it because the only things that can move gases are the Gas Pump and the gravity, with first being exceptionally unwieldy (in particular it cannot suck air through pipes as you would except a real ventilation system to do). Pressure distribution is painfully slow, leading to one part of the room having no oxygen while the other is at maximum concentration which in turn jams the piping system. On top of that, improper gas distribution is a guaranteed doom to your colony because duplicants will spend most of their time running to oxygen to breathe, decreasing their productivity tenfold.That's right. A game about a clone space colony has no spacesuits. You have to hold your breath.Also, there's Chlorine. Staying at the exact height as Oxygen, this gas is only there to make your life miserable. There's no use for it, few ways to contain it, and the only permanent solution involves... cooling it to condensation and mopping it up. And you have to subject yourself to this if you want to get hand sanitizer.2) Food. While not as much of a pain point as literally anything else, you will most definitely need to explicitly forbid your cook from taking on any other jobs as soon as you can, so that they don't ignore it to go mining. Additionally, unless everyone is full, food is first-come-first-served, meaning that your starving colonist can die watching other people stuff themselves with thousands of kilocalories right in front of him.Other minor issues include duplicants eating food immediately instead of waiting to cook it, complete lack of food-stocking option (you always have to start and stop production yourself, which is all but guaranteed to end with you either overproducing food that will rot away or starving everyone to death while you deal with something equally lethal) and the fact that after he's done, cook will simply throw it on the ground for you to manually pick up, instead of walking 2 meters to the fridge. Who needs AI when you can simply dump all micro-management on the player.3) Stress. Oh boy, that's a good one. Ten days in an undecorated environment will lead a medium-level duplicant at maximum stress. The rate is further increased by the following couple of factors: recently standing in water (short), recently diving (short), contacting polluted water (short), low oxygen quality or concentration (while inside) and death of a comrade (several days). While there aren't many of those, each of them adds at least 10% per day, making stress buildup insanely fast.As for stress effects, there are four possible ones overall, but a single duplicate will only have one: vomiting, destruction, crying and binge-eating. Each and every one of those has insane game-ending potential.Destruction, funnily, is both the least and the most dangerous. Duplicant will destroy a single object, which can take up to a day to repair. This can be something simple, like a bed, or it can be your generators.Crying makes your duplicant conjure enough water from their eyes to last your colony a couple days, except it's all going to be on the floor. While not too bad on its own, this will wet the feet of everyone around as well as increase stress levels of everyone around the duplicant for a while, skyrocketing the total stress levels.Vomiting is similar to crying, except instead of increasing stress levels around the duplicant afterwards, it makes ""produced"" water polluted, further stressing those around and decreasing air quality.Binge-eating is a guaranteed doom upon your colony, especially if you cannot spare 2-3 people to resupply food. Duplicant will find any and all food on your base and consume it. All of it. If you plan on taking one of those on board, make sure to lock them out of food supply permanently and only let them in when they are nearly starving, otherwise you risk finding them nullifying your supplies while the colony is sleeping and you have no control over them. Bonus points if area with food somehow provides additional stress, locking them at 100%. Do yourself a favor, just throw them out of the airlock.As for reducing stress, your options are 1) spend more than a half of your space on decor and 2) reduce it by miniscule amounts with massage tables. A galaxy of opportunities, isn't it.4) Duplicants. Remember, the colonists are the enemy here. Incapable of processing anything else than maximum priority tasks, getting lost on their way to the toilet and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the floor, getting themselves stuck EVERYWHERE, walking past their dying teammates instead of bringing them to the assigned medical cot, and only being capable of switching between ""it's dark, time to ignore 2 incapacitated friends and a giant chlorine leak"" and ""RED ALERT, FORGET ABOUT BREATHING"", they will mess your efforts up. Don't even try.8/10 for the idea, 3/10 at most for execution."
,Recommended,457140,31826130,Posted: 18 May,all,Gaming Authoritah,+ Very funny game+ Plenty of complexity for those who love base building+ You need to balance competing needs+ Good cartoonish graphics+ Excellent soundscapeMake up your own mind with this gameplay:https://youtu.be/uvheZoHpAi0
76561198045382256,Not Recommended,457140,34014741,Posted: 4 August,all,Bob1004,"TL;DR: If you specifically came to Oxygen Not Included because of the dev, might worth to check it out. If you stumbled upon ONI looking for a base building game, it is still in the early stages and needs to be fleshed out.Edit: The developer has implemented a countdown for updates and has acknowledged that the update schedule has been too infrequent. That is great. My opinion of the overall game however remains the same: If you want to support the dev in particular, buy. If you are looking for a base building/survival game, I would still hold off until the game is fleshed out more. The Contagion Update is a good sign of things to come, but I think it still needs work before it can be wholeheartedly recommended as a semi-complete game.______________________________________________________________I'm not one to trust Early Access. But Rimworld has somewhat warmed me up to the idea. Oxygen not Included (ONI) is no Rimworld and consider me cooled back down on Early Access.In its current state ONI is barely more than a proof of concept. No story, no goal, no direction, just a handful of objects and an extremely limited tech tree. While the art style is really good, there is no substance to support it. In just a few hours one can construct a pretty much self-sustaining colony and then there is nothing else. The more complicated liquid/gas mechanics don't come into play until later on, but by then there is little motivation to actually to do anything with them (other than setting them up for the sake of setting them up) as they are more hassle to set up than they are worth. From the 12 hours on record,  several hours were spent on setting up a single gas mining/separation production line, only for it to fail and fail again. By the end it just refused to work out of the blue with no discernable indication of what is wrong.The art style is charming and the concept is intriguing, but don't let yourself suckered in: There is barely any gameplay here. Only can point to Rimworld: While graphically nothing special to look at, it provides a much more engaging and deep survival simulation, proving that developing a good game in this genre is harder than it looks. Throwing a bunch of survival meters and a couple of solutions to them into the game barely provides a foundation.Also, I think that engagement is paramount in Early Access: Keep the people who upfronted the money interested with frequent and clear updates in an easily accessible format. I haven't heard about the game since purchase and there were no significant updates. And I'm sorry but I have no interest in watching developer vlogs. The game needs a clear roadmap on its page with goals and delivery dates.I want to like this game as it is right up my alley and I do find the art style charming. But the experience is barebones at best at the moment. Which would be excusable as an Early Access title if I had any confidence that content will be delivered. The only thing that stuck with me from the updates was the developer hyping a completely different game.In conclusion: Is it a bad game? No. Will it get better: Probably. Should you buy it now: No, unless you really want to support the developer. If you are looking for a colony building experience, it is better to hold off on this one for a while. But its do worth to check back in a year or so."
76561197967467815,Not Recommended,457140,33702161,Posted: 21 July,all,ezinemoth,"Craft the World in Space...I mean really, almost a cut and paste job.  I like it and can't wait for some updates and refinement but there isn't enough here to justify a purchase.  Check back every few months and see if it has improved."
76561198316598718,Not Recommended,457140,34535182,Posted: 27 August,all,Koto ︻克╦─═,"It was a good game before the germ update because now I can't even play the game because of a bug at the start up of the game called ""Developer Console"" doesn't let me do anything to the game at all all I get is a black screen and this is not because I dont meet the PC requirements, wasted my money on this."
76561198058596718,Not Recommended,457140,34521446,Posted: 26 August,all,[h2o] Alyss,"The game was fun when I first started it. I had fun exploring systems on the physics and the biological part of the game like how to preserve food with carbon dioxide/ how to convert coal and live symbiotically with th hatches/ how to boil polluted water with minimal power/ how to use puft to eliminate polluted oxygen.The physics of the game allows immensive designs of extensive systems to be made, very much like Factorio if any of you have played it.Now with layers and layers of frustration being built around the game on the new update, eg1.) Longer research time.2.) The horrible germs mechanics.3.) Extra action needed for liquid transportation.4.) Luck based food production renewability.The game becomes heavy micromanagement colony simulation which is erm... not fun at all??Seriously the food production need to be renewable and throw the germs mechanics to the garbage bin.KLEI devs please for god's sake go back to the drawing board."
,Not Recommended,457140,34503983,Posted: 26 August,all,Eval,"247 hours put in to this game start was great fun then we got thermal update so cool if you forgive the pun, Then Farming grow you food and your base.Then Outbreak hits us and it goes from fun cool looking bases to spamming wash basin's all over your base only for your dupes to walk right past and kill your whole base 0.oGreat game was fun as of now this new update has killed it off for me.EAG so will change review again after next update cant wait to see it."
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,457140,34592299,Posted: 29 August,all,Ravenscar,Right now it's an excercise in tedium. I regret this particular purchase.
76561197997555049,Not Recommended,457140,34507850,Posted: 26 August,all,khemeher,"I was hoping for was a colony similator.  What I got instead was the equivalent of dropping four year olds in a cave and yelling at them over a microphone while you watch them on a monitor.  Intersting at first & somewhat funny.  However it becomes frustrating and tedious after a short while, beyond anything that carries entertainment value."
,Not Recommended,457140,34537871,Posted: 27 August,all,[TRaSH] electric i,suffers from terrible task queuing resolution like prison architect did.was almost fun previous to the outbreak update (had been to cycle 500+) -- i could imagine that it would be enjoyable while being mildy frustrated at the behaviour of the duplicants. things seem worse after the outbreak update and was so annoyed i uninstalled it after an hour.
,Not Recommended,457140,34540389,Posted: 27 August,all,Victini,"I loved playing it. Thought I didn't really get it at first, it wasn't that hard to take in. I love spawning in with 3 random stats and seeing what I can get done and in what amount of time. I would love to recommend this game, but since the new updates its become really annoying and I don't find it fun anymore.  Hoping future updates will make it more fun."
,Not Recommended,457140,34489958,Posted: 25 August,all,Shaiel,"Overall: Would NOT recommendEdit to change my review from earlier:  It's literally unplayable and gives me the same error message after around cycle 28. It was fun at first figuring out what works and what doesn't work, but the game is broken and I can't progress because it keeps on crashing. If my idiot duplicants are dying because of shenanigans, I still want to try.  But if the game won't even save my progress and keep crashing then what is the point? I keep reloading the save file (of like 6+ hours worth of work) and it just crashes again and again, so basically it has been a huge waste of time. I'm mad. It is absolutely not enjoyable to come back to my destructive, puking, crying characters again and again and again, without ever getting any progress despite building and reloading and trying. There is no reward, and the game crashes and the rebuilding doesn't end. Is this the experience you wanted us to have?Also, whoever added the duplicant stress response of destroying things in the base & excessive vomiting - you really meant for that to happen??? There's nothing rewarding about your characters destroying your own base. In real life that would be the equivalent of self-injurious / self-harming behavior.Things I initially liked:- I like the art- I like the urgency / survival aspect- I like the micromanagement- The interface was a little bit small and at first not very intuitive but I was able to zoom it and I paid attention to the little texts and details to understand what on earth was going on- I don't like the feeling when my duplicants are starving / entombed / stressed out from working. There's a bit of a claustrauphobic feeling as well while you're digging around in the dirt and seeing all the pollution and things you have to sweep- I am a little bit OCD about germs in real life so I love-hate that I have to disinfect stuff in this gameI was super hesitant to get this game for $20. However despite the negative reviews, I finally decided to get it yesterday when they pushed the new update with the germs. I loved Don't Starve & DST (have played hundreds of hours combined for DST on PC & PS4, depending on which friends wanted to play with me), and I supported those games when they were early access as well. I recommended this game previously but not anymore. Fix your game, Klei."
76561197970720161,Recommended,457140,32037980,Posted: 29 May,all,Game_Dude,"Very addictive, physics based survival game. Manage all sorts of problems while building and expanding an underground outpost. You need water, oxygen and many more ressources to build your home.Example of the Physics: You have a coal power generator which creats carbon dioxide. Poisonous to humans, but heavier than oxygen. If you build grates in your base, carbon dioxide will drop down, and oxygen will raise up through your base. Hydrogen is lighter and will leave your base topside. It is important how you design your base, where you put what and which gases or liquids come and go.You will need clean water for toilets, showers. That water becomes polluted and in turn will be useful for plants as fertilizer, and other things.You're left with designing the sewage system, powering your machinery up and doing many more things. Which you do indirectly. You will give orders to collect, build, fight.. and your crew will take care of them. There's also the option to prioritize certain tasks over others.Your crew can gain levels and improve their skills by practice. They have also at least one positive and one negative trait at start. Choose carefully there!Oxygen Not Included is in Early Access and has only a limited amount of researchable items. The tech tree looks like just the beginning of one, yet offers already a wide number of items and possibilities.Developed by the guys who made Don't Starve, I have faith that it will go the same way their previous game did. Which was exemplary.As of now it offers already several hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,457140,33862535,Posted: 28 July,all,Park Chorong,Wouldn't recommend if you get bored easily. This game isn't worth $25. Game has good potential and has more things to come hopefully. But for now I wouldn't recommend it until full release.EDIT: Lots of stuff have come out since the last time I played this game. It has become a little bit better but is still a bit boring at times. Im still going to leave this as not recommended until I see the full potential of this game.
,Not Recommended,457140,34555289,Posted: 28 August,all,chronoslip,Used to love it. now the outbreak layer is just too much. guess ill wait too see what happens in the next update.
76561197981949016,Not Recommended,457140,34588759,Posted: 29 August,all,pulse,"I am sorry for this game but at the current state it is not recommandable.The base features are unfinished or not well executed (Fluid simulation is too slow and lacks depth and farming/food is confusing). Although the idea of this game is great, updates are released too slow and it looks like there is no real plan for the finished product. I hope that this will be fixed - not by adding new confusing content (like germs) but by creating a good idea of how the finished product should look like and streamlining the existing content and then adding new concepts and more buildings."
76561198023133803,Not Recommended,457140,34558985,Posted: 28 August,all,Gir Fan,TLDR Version. Don't buy just yet. Untangling Christmas lights has a purpose. Adding flat tire content is not invigorating.Oxygen Not included is a great idea for a game. But it is heading in the wrong direction. I enjoy micromanagement games so long as the effort and time is rewarded. I also enjoy the ship in the bottle aspect of the game. But the game gets boring after a while. And rather than content that remixes the formula. Or adds new risks vs rewards for more daring long term survival. Insted we have gotten monkey wrenches in the system that demand undivided attention. The game is boring long term.  Should there be a reward for dabbling in such a time waster then it is justified. Adding flat tire clean up is just tedious and kills motivation.
,Not Recommended,457140,34565589,Posted: 28 August,all,lmaobit,"I love the base mechanics of the game, and will continue to play it purely because of that. However, the amount of micromangement this game contains honestly makes the main game unenjoyable. If you want to play the game the fun way, use the custom world option and disable stress and germs. You'll save yourself alot of headaches by doing so."
76561198003364703,Not Recommended,457140,33753345,Posted: 23 July,all,jimpratt1979,"game has a lot of promise and still EARLY ACCESS so always benefit of the doubt , love the starts choose your team , satrt planning base , get everyone sorted on j..o....b...s er... ok yeah it gets boring VERY fast nowhere near enough content or stuff to research as of yet lets hope thats not it .Research takes about 2 hours gameplay ,um ok....base is dug out , floors put in ,reseach done , err well i may aswell dig this bit for the hell of it i suppose ...Boring game after initial start , needs SOOOOO much more contentEARLY ACCESS so still time and ill change review if it happens but as stands yeah 5/10so close"
76561198146754798,Not Recommended,457140,34563348,Posted: 28 August,all,MisterCastor,"Only Recommended to those who love micromanganing. As I do like that, however, with the current germ update it makes playing the game less enjoyable as you have a lot more problems to deal with than before (Lack of O2, Food, etc.).Would be great if we could create our own maps, or be able to play with others somehow ...."
,Not Recommended,457140,34489534,Posted: 25 August,all,EliteHazard,seems like a good game however would wait until its further along the game as it seemed to not have a enough content
,Not Recommended,457140,33712356,Posted: 21 July,all,habix,Too low rate of updates for alpha.. (content)**************************************************edit 1:We got the first content update after 3 months - infection - looks very promissing.3 days later all their hard work destroyed with 1 hotfix: auto-disinfect aka auto-play
76561198121545009,Not Recommended,457140,34563237,Posted: 28 August,all,majashi.nin,not a fan of the germ update all they do it clean it and never do anything else. till this is fixed i dont recommend this game.
76561197965826399,Not Recommended,457140,34188000,Posted: 12 August,all,Bram,"Nope, buggy. Bought this because I hoped it would be as good as Don't starve but no, too frustrating"
,Not Recommended,457140,34198185,Posted: 12 August,all,TENGO UP,"Oxygen Not Included is like if Starbound and RimWorld had a love child, and that child has mild autism. It has a very rough playstyle and controlling the characters was difficult starting out. You almost have to restart the game a few times to actually make sure that what you're doing doesnt kill you or ruin resources you could use in the end. Even if you were putting out all of the units possible at the start, the game would still figure out a way to kill a character. I almost forgot to mention, it is one of the most ugly games ive ever played even if you have a working colony it still looks nasty. I only played 3 hours of it before returning yet I could already tell its one of those games you play for 10 hours and never launch it again.3/10 - Polluted water"
76561198007244476,Not Recommended,457140,34005123,Posted: 3 August,all,keonelittle,"i really wish they would go about updating and finsihing this game, at the moment i wouldn't recommend, might change later on"
76561198341607524,Not Recommended,457140,34084645,Posted: 7 August,all,Borlinghausen555,iT COSTS TO MUCH AND IT GETS BORING AND FRUSTRATING
76561198163854521,Recommended,457140,31888770,Posted: 21 May,all,grannen alex,"I've played this game for about 24 hours now and it's a really fun and addicting game. It's a very good problem solving and managment game that has many features to keep in mind, like making sure the stress is at a reasonable low presentage and having enough oxygen and food so that you dont starve and/or sufficate.It's a good game that's in the development stages and needs a lot of improvements."
76561198281071332,Not Recommended,457140,31854164,Posted: 19 May,all,freescspirit,"I would not recommend it right now. It has a lot of possibilities, but the problem is that it is really complicated for no reason, you have to click menus, arrows, and check box, etc... to just be aware of some common stuff. Like how much is this item costing in resources, how much resources I do have, and things like that. It s frutstrating, annoying and tedious for no reason. The UI needs to be revamp completly, from scratch.The graphics are great, the design is AWESOME, and the idea is cool (makes me thing about craft the world). But the execution is lacking and I don't believe this game has been tested by much people outside of the dev. So common things that might be obvious to them, is not in the way the game is made.It's just a bunch of menu over menu over menu, over menu..etc... I will not refund it, because I know it might become better knowing the dev. So I m going on faith here, and I hope my little contribution of $30 will help. But would I recommend it? Nope.In brief : Tedious and overly complicated doesn't make a game interesting. It 's like they wanted to show how complex this game could be, but they made it complex in the wrong way."
,Not Recommended,457140,34614706,Posted: 30 August,all,B4O9.fo,The game I had over 150+ hours of fun with just got ruined with the outbreak update. I lost interest moreover got agitated after 20 minutes of play. Klei should bin this update.
,Not Recommended,457140,33756512,Posted: 23 July,all,赤松枫,Tencent is an idiot and garbage company.
,Not Recommended,457140,33873625,Posted: 28 July,all,Willbo,Boring
,Not Recommended,457140,34640243,Posted: 31 August,all,[KLM] jaapschaap,"Currently it sucks because of the outbrake update, at least make it optional. for now i download a pirated version just to play the old version without the germs."
76561198324564606,Not Recommended,457140,34086464,Posted: 7 August,all,PepperyPaladin,"As much as I enjoy the game, as of right now it is a tad too empty. If I were you I would buy this game later down the line when its more plump with features. (Dont get me wrong, there is  still a lot to do!) But I do still recommend you buy it, just not now. Wait until full release!"
,Not Recommended,457140,34598910,Posted: 29 August,all,Australian Male,"I will gladly change my reveiw to positive in the future IF the devs fix the complete♥♥♥♥♥priority system. the priority system in this game is to put it simply, it doesn't work you can prioritize your coal generator to 9 (the max) and even if you put your colony into red alert (meaning your people will work even if it kills them) they still find at least 50 other things to do that have a lower priority (i should also meantion the new outbreak update only makes this worse with you colony cleaning some random tile instead of making food or refilling generators) which is almost game breaking due to the fact that no power means your colony dies. if you devs are reading then either fix this system or at the very least allow the player to tell their people to go do a task. as it is this game is on the verge of broken and i will not be playing this again unless this is fixed as i now have a hole in my wall after my cycle 87 colony all starved to death because they refused to put coal in the coal generators (which were the only things that i had set to a priority of 9) which stopped them from making food. I enjoyed this game when i first started and i would like to enjoy it again but untill this issue is fixed this game will remain a waste of $31 AUD that sits in my library."
76561198038883094,Not Recommended,457140,34279901,Posted: 16 August,all,fourfouriers,"ONI in its current state is fun to run through once or twice, failing, and then run through again successfully. There is a real challenge there, but you also have some real tools to help you tackle that challenge. But it lacks longevity. You get your food, air, and stress stabilized in about 50 cycles, then you get your heat stabilized in about another 100 cycles. (You'll pause  a lot, but a cycle at full speed is about 3 minutes.) All in all this is about 10-20 hours of entertainment, closer to 20 for most players, if you don't spoil how to play the game for yourself. The game you get for that chunk of time is good. In particular, some of the particular complaints I see in these reviews, for example about getting duplicants to do what you want, really do boil down to ""be patient"" and ""git gud"". You're dealing with some weird problems (for example, gases circulate way less than they do IRL) but they have perfectly good weird solutions (for example, making your floor gas permeable).But after things have settled down in one colony, the game is over except for sandbox tinkering. And while people have put a lot of time into sandbox tinkering (see for example Brothgar's videos on Youtube), this isn't the best sandbox physics environment, because there aren't many problems to solve (mostly condensing oxygen and boiling water) and because the physics you have to work with are strange.Most importantly, I got this game in March, it's now August, and there has been one update since I started playing (the Agricultural Upgrade). (In fairness, I picked up the game right after the previous update, the Thermal Upgrade.) That update had quite a bit of content, but it was targeting a system that was already adequate, and it left an ""easy button"" in the game still for food, which means that the content had limited impact. (For instance, I never grew Pincha Peppers at all, because Frost Buns work fine forever.) The next update will target a much more important problem (disease being a slap on the wrist); with any luck this will turn my thumb around on this review.Edit: now there has been the Outbreak Upgrade. This did one really good thing: it made toxic biomes serious instead of being trivial to dig through and even a source of air with no penalty. Most everything else it did either made the game easier (like the new food system) or more tedious (the actual implementation of the germ mechanic, and the slowed down research). It gave the game another 5-6 hours of fun for me and now I'm really done with it again. I can't reverse my review for this. I will give Klei props for setting a 6 week timetable between updates now, though."
,Not Recommended,457140,34622477,Posted: 30 August,all,Weaponized_Autism,"Yes the game is Early Access,But when it takes you 4 months to release a 4mb update with content that is basically a photo filter and behavioral modifiers, you'll understand exactly what is happening here.The devs seem to be executing the game to stop development, they are barely developing it now.They are currently developing other games at the very same time and can release entire titles but can't even provide news on the direction or updates on content.It really seems like this game is going to fall out of early access into full release as it is right now.If you want to try the game, give it only an hour.  Takes about 30 minutes to learn what to do, and about another 30 minutes to understand that, that is all there is to do.Good luck."
,Recommended,457140,31893411,Posted: 21 May,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"Ever since I bought this on the keli website when it was in alpah it has always been a fun colony survival game, first time I layed there were tons of bugs and annoying issue, then after updates started flowing it got way better, the games progression is based on being able to plan out whats going to happen next, like if you see a ton CO2 at the bottom of your base, its safe to say you should be planning away to stop it from rising before it happen, the game has a hard start for new player kind of like how dont starve was in the begining, but as you learn you will get better and eventually you be at the bottom of the world looking at lava or using water to create steam in the lava. I give this game a 10/10 for being so great"
,Recommended,457140,32901476,Posted: 27 June,all,Mixairian,"Edit: I had originally equated Klei to Darkest Dungeon. Darkest Dungeon is actually made by Red Hook Studios. From what I gather, Klei didn't work on the game, but there is some association with Red Hook. Regardless, my review still stands.Klei has built up quite a bit of good will with me. Don't Starve, and Darkest Dungeons were two titles that I enjoyed immensely. So when Oxygen Not Inlcuded was first announced, it had my curiosity. Like many others here, I opted to pay full price for the Early Access. Not only that, but I went through the process of going through there forums (before they made it available to pre-purchase through Steam) to sign up for Early Access.Why have I told you all this and not even mentioned the game? It's to provide you context on my positive favor in the review.Let's get to the nitty gritty.GraphicsAs with any Klei game they're not hardware intensive, and they look fantastic. This company has a thing about creating stunning visuals with basic 2D art. The duplicants are bubbly, and cheerful looking, and the ""planet/asteroid"" is diverse in it's color palette.The overlays provide a sharp contrast of varied colors, and allow for you to easily view different aspects of your base.AudioThe music is cheerful, and engaging, while the sound effects that your duplicant make are adorable, and interesting.  I've got no real complaints on this field.GameplayHere's the mixed bag. The game at it's core is a management simulation. You've got to manage your Oxygen, Food, and Water to keep your duplicants alive. As you progress with harvesting more resources to maintain the above three items, you'll notice that you're rapidly running low. Resources are finite, which lead you to enter other biomes to get new resources, and these new resources may have negative consequences. Example: early on you build a device that eats algae for oxygen. Once you run out of algae, you can then build a machine that turns slime into algae, but produces polluted water. So you now have algae to make oxygen, but you now need a system to remove the polluted water. This is one example of compounding issues that will continue to grow.  There is a very in depth plumbing, power, happiness, cleanliness, and ventilation system in the game as well.If you enjoy such management style games, this is a very good one, and very enjoyable. I've been told by friends, the style is akin to Dwarf Fortress (though not as complex and unforgiving.)If you browse videos on YouTube, you'll see some high end players who have created near perfect self contained systems for their duplicants. Please understand, these people are really skilled at the game; for most players, getting a stable colony will be a challenge.TutorialI know it's Early Access, but as it stands, the following applies. Let's put it simply. There is no tutorial. Casual, or new players to the genre will have a very steep learning curve. You can always ask for help on the forums, or Reddit, but that's extracurricular activities. A game should have a good tutorial to help guide folks into the game.StorylineThere is no story. If you're not the type to enjoy creating a self contained colony for it's own sake. There is not much motivation right now to explore, or keep going. Klei has indicated there will be lore style items added to the world, but right now there is no overall history. or back story to engage you with your cute duplicants. There expendable, and the only story they have is one that you give them.QuestsIf you enjoy an overarching goal, or direction laid out for you to uncover, or follow; you won't find it here. For some people, this is a big deal."
,Recommended,457140,32472552,Posted: 16 June,all,$Just1ce,"This is a pretty good game, however, I still have some little suggestion. As a Chinese player, I enjoy playing this game. My suggestion is that Klei, DO NOT LET WEGAME ADD, OR CHANGE ANYTHING. The reason is that Tencent, which is the company runs Wegame, has some games that allows the players pay money to make the game easier. For example, 100 yuan(about 16 dollars) can make your little guys stronger, or get more resources at the beginning of the game. This ruins the balance of the games, and Tencent can actually make more money. There is a famous ""saying"" in China is "" Tencent games, no money then fxk off."" So PLZ DO NOT LET WEGAME ADD ANY CHANGES ON YOUR GAME!"
,Recommended,457140,31921014,Posted: 23 May,all,AidenTheDead,i love this game you have to learn alot along the way while playing the game and one mistake could lead all of your duplicants to death
76561198030938270,Not Recommended,457140,32125124,Posted: 2 June,all,mualchoc,"Early Access Review ( 2 Jun 2017 )==============Not recommend yet, wait for full game or later release.=====================The game seem fun and challanging at first. But after a while, you will stuck with the electricity management and oxygen management.Eg. Natural gas generator required gas intake to operate, but the gas pump need electricity to operate so you can't get any ""Free"" electricity except using your Dup's trademill to generate electricity.Also, the game lack of purpose/goal to play ( for now ) eg. when you max your research and you have nothing to do much except staying alive.Since I purchased it and can't refund, I'll play again when they have big update. But for now, just let it rest in my library...."
,Not Recommended,457140,33960309,Posted: 1 August,all,MadGonzo,"I don't recommend this game at this momment, there is too many frustrating bugs that I hope will be fixed on the final release."
76561198137781597,Not Recommended,457140,34469678,Posted: 24 August,all,GhostBlanc,"I liked this game when it first came to beta but with the more updates that came out I started to notice somthing, the devs only make things harder and rebalance makes things hard not making anything easier. I like hard games but they need to feel fair, never while playing this game did I feel like I was the one that messed up with other game like Don't Starve I felt like if I died it was my fault but that doesn't happen here and that is my biggest problem with the game. There are also a lot of things that seem pointless maybe I'm just dumb but I've made ever item in game and I use like half of it. I hope the game can become more balanced and fair with more updates but right now I can't recommend this game..."
,Not Recommended,457140,32549221,Posted: 18 June,all,Drew-Drew,"The game is pretty fun for the first two runs of the game, then it gets highly repetitive with little to do and explore.I despise the AI in this game, as they take three cycles to mine some algae, so they can breathe, but they end up doing random things the whole entire time.Red alert, which is an option to prioritize work instead of they own wellbeing, is the worst.Their stress goes up so high after a minute or two, that they end up going crazy, ruining everything.Although I love how you can design your own little base however you want, there is NOTHING else to do once you are fully setup.Assuming you can live long enough and prevent your whole colony going insane, the game is all about gathering algae, until you can buy a machine that can turn water into oxygen and hydrogen. Once you do that, you need to buy a hydrogen based machine to create power. Create a machine to make polluted water into clean water, place a few vents to get rid of polluted oxygen, then you're mostly done as long as you can manage stress.What to do after that? I dont know, explore? There isn't a clear objective in the game other than getting your colony to thrive.I recommend this game to people who just love resource management.I don't recommend this game if you're like me and get bored restarting a game after your whole colony goes crazy and people start breaking massage beds to reduce stress, then if they are fixed one person hogs the bed for 3 cycles of day/night, then people go insane and break everything yet again, but this time EVERYONE is insane and cant fix the massage bed.^basically what happens everytime I fail.'Overall, needs more work and a actual goal."
,Recommended,457140,32894331,Posted: 27 June,all,Rinner,Nowhere near addicting enough therefore only gets 11/10.
,Not Recommended,457140,34477877,Posted: 25 August,all,Sovtek,"Retard simulator 2017.""hey guys do this... no... no stop killing yourself. Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you do th...  god damnit.""If you like saying that, ENJOY!8/31/2017  --- UPDATE!!Get that coal. Put it in the generator. Yes, I know. Yes. N... no what the ♥♥♥♥. Stop it. Coal is a 9. Nothing else is a 9. The generator is a 9. What the... Stop ♥♥♥♥ing with that it's a 2. What in the... are you kidding me? Yes I know you don't have pressure and your crops are dying - that's because we have no power for the carefully laid out ventilation system... PUT IN COAL. WHY ARE YOU SO ♥♥♥♥ING DUMB.JESUS CHRIST!Self destruction - pay no mind to priority simultator 20-infinity.Don't Buy. Wait for patches.♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun for a few hours, later game is retard."
76561198030736733,Not Recommended,457140,32589895,Posted: 20 June,all,EldVarg,"I thought this game would be alot bigger, but you could (in normal speed) build and research everything within a few hours. Loved their previous games Don't Starve - but I should have been more carveful buying it. Also no mod support :("
76561198006643348,Recommended,457140,35244932,Posted: 27 September,all,conley1126,"Hi,Im an older gamer almost 40 actually.I play games to keep my mind healthy.  I like a challenge, something that makes me thing, and something I can play at my own pace.Call of duty is not my thing, nor is dota, starcraft or minecraft.I like factorio, total war games, anno.So I had this game reccomended to me. I went in blind, and boy do I love it.It has charm, it's difficult, but not too much.  It keeps you on your toes, you WILL restart, many times.I cant see anyone who likes managment games not liking this.  Its just done so well.  I could probly play this game forever.  We'll see!New update coming out soon with oil, adds a lot of new stuff.  its not going to cost me anything!  Thats pretty great.If it had a little more stoey to it I'd say 10/10for now 9/10."
,Not Recommended,457140,32412485,Posted: 14 June,all,Chris the Gun Guy,"TL;WR: Buy it in 2 years, spend the $25 on a steak dinner.After playing a bit and failing a good 8 or so runs, I only managed to reach day 40. While I love the art style, it won't save my $20 (got it on sale).  I've got mixed feelings.Following a session of failures playing this game began to feel like an empty experience. Why am I trying to survive? The dupes certainly aren't it. Atmosphere? Probably.So, I decided that for comparison I'd fire up Rimworld since I've played it for years and have gotten familiar with it, but could use a refresher. On my first go with Randy Random on challenge, I did everything I would normally do in Oxygen Not Included (minus the oxygen thing), but then I got attacked by another faction. So I invested in defenses. So much so, that I forgot to feed my colonists. As more of them died but before I established a more stable food supply, the colonists started eating each other right off of the floor. Wow. This game is awesome.Now back to the game I'm reviewing.As it stands, this seems more like a race to get all the algae in the universe before your dupes start puking themselves and destroying your generators (I get what you're going for but it's seriously irritating) than it is a challengingandrewarding survival experience.Overall, 5/10 purely because I can tell that effort has been put into both the core of the game and the art direction. What I've got to say about Oxygen Not Included is that the dev team needs time to develop depth. These things take time, and I think that with proper care it could become (almost) as awesome as rimworld."
76561198268572918,Recommended,457140,31872016,Posted: 20 May,all,Wegotour,day 1-this game seems funday 2-MY PEOPLE ARE SUFFOCATINGday 3-time to try againday 4-how do I use this water piping stuffday 5-I got rid of my outhouses for lavatorysday 6-WHY ISNT MY WATER SYSTEM WORKING?! PEOPLE ARE PEEING EVERYWHERE!day 7-the pee poluted the oxygen and now all of my people are dyingday 8-(contemplating life decisionsday ???-AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! my base is perfect! finally!
76561198008256590,Recommended,457140,32021508,Posted: 28 May,all,Styolites,"AI needs some work.Frustratingly hard when you try and play the game how you want to play it.Easy when you play the game the way its meant to be.Potential bugs/issues:A balance between playability and optimization needs to be tweaked, if possible. Duplicants will not readily do work outside of your view. You need to move view to tasks to get them prioritized. For example, my base has gotten quite sprawling. I am working on the far east, but my crops are central within my base, and westward. I generally start to run out of food and get food shortages, even though I have dozens upon dozens of crops. If I pause and move to crops, it will generally show them as not ready. When unpausing, they'll update and become harvest ready, and my duplicants will swarm to harvest.Duplicates carry a max of 1000g of spilled / cried water. Duplicates will prioritize grabbing thin water at 1000g at a time to deliver rather than absorbing 150kg from tank.If you mop up spilled / cried water while a duplicate is grabbing from that source, the water disapears and can no longer be mopped. However, duplicates will still grab water from the same spot, 1000g at a time. Reloading will fix. Possibly something to do with pore water? Does water move through single-tile thickness?Priority. Duplicants with deliver tasks will prioritize delivering materials to qued construction tasks rather than other deliver tasks, when priorities are the same. Duplicants will more-or-less totally ignore my coal generators until EVERYTHING else is done. Incredibly infuriating. Power priorities should be tweaked. Duplicants will prioritize fertilizing plants instead of other deliver tasks, however turning priority down on plants (from 9 to 8) leads plants to generally be totally ignored.More on priority. Had a dupe to dig and build. Had several buildings slated as a ""9"". For whatever reason they chose to dig sub-9. Another dupe was fixated on building a base-block (8) instead of digging the 9's and building the 9's I've got set-up for him to specifically do. Nothing is in his way; nothing is out of reach. Had to cancel everything else to them to focus on what I really wanted to build. This seems to be a bug arising from setting up lots of qued tasks, and switching their priorities around on the fly.Frustrations:Upscaling is not simple.Food management. Something to auto-stop food making after a certain food limit (set by user) is reached. At the moment juggling priority with cooking stations / deselecting cook profession is all that is available, leading to walking a fine-line between food shortage and rotten food.Duplicate Stupidity:If you have slated something to be built on a tile, but there is un-mined material on that tile, the dupe will do nothing but idle if digging is not one of his assigned tasks. A little smarter duplicate would be nice; something that allows him to do another task that is not necesarily on his job list, if it lets him get something done that is on his list, on that same tile.If a large area is selected to be deconstructed, duplicates will prioritize tiles over the buildings resting on them, leaving themselves / objects stranded. Not really an issue, since the fix is simply going in, blanket deconstruct priority low, manually changing buildings higher. But seems an inconveniance when the base priority could be flipped.Duplicates acting out from frustration (the sub-100 meltdown) seems to clear their task/job, and drop any carried items. Afterwards they resume their task, however rather than picking up the recently dropped item, they'll go all the way across the map to the original source area.It seems the material they grab for tasks is someetimes badly selected. Several times I've noticed duplicates running all the way across the map to another dig section to source raw material for building, when available raw material of the correct type is littered all over from recent digs. Might be an issue with having build qued before exposing the new material.All things considered, its good, and will likely only get better."
76561198127152964,Recommended,457140,31832950,Posted: 18 May,all,Phobos,fun
76561198115404363,Recommended,457140,31834069,Posted: 18 May,all,Remu,Simple yet complex
76561198300021580,Recommended,457140,31833611,Posted: 18 May,all,Silvercide,"The only game where you could make a torture chamber where you use your prisoners♥♥♥♥♥♥and barf to create a self sustaining economy, then use the prisoners dead bodies to attract creatures for food and also filter the contaminated oxygen that generates from the corpses for at least 10 in game days until your prisoners start destroying everything because they became stressed from the corpses littered everywhere.Keep in mind that the game's development is not even half way done yet!"
,Recommended,457140,31828469,Posted: 18 May,all,Jack The Ripper,"Very fun alien base building game. Heavy resource management involved. Game is generally unforgiving so be prepared to get frustrated. Game gets a large update each 1-2 months. Very active game forum. Currently there is no end goal, just survive as long as possible."
76561198044983601,Not Recommended,457140,31824253,Posted: 18 May,all,Chet Donnelly,"no real substantial update since the game went live.and when you do get an update, it breaks the game.don't buy the game until it's finished."
76561197993288786,Recommended,457140,31830163,Posted: 18 May,all,Invest,Wow this game is great! You just want to continue building and building...
76561198072304748,Recommended,457140,33379680,Posted: 8 July,all,whitehawk75,"update!! Due to a kind person i have found a ""creative mode"". Many thanks. However i still have the bug but will post to bugs page for oxy not included!GREAT GAME! would highly recommend but some bugs are frustrating as hell to me. I love playing and inventing some really cool contraptions and systems. (wish there was a creative mode or console command for oxygen food ect. or difficulty setting!) currently gas filters are bugged. They are supposed to filter out a set gas and instead it skips through and then filters out the next in line. example: if i have a gas pump moving oxygen through a filter to my base and some hydrogen gets in the vents I set my filter to send hydrogen to my hydrogen generator.. instead it skips past, send the hydrogen to my base and sends the next block (oxygen) to the generator and slightly damages it.. SUPER ANNOYING! Game is hard enouph as it is without trying to Rough Golberg a work around on limited resources and time.HELP ME SEND A MESSAGE TO THE DEVS: FIX BUGS BEFORE ADDING NEW CONTENT AND MAKE A CREATIVE and/or GOD MODE!"
76561198089212488,Not Recommended,457140,33710446,Posted: 21 July,all,Dundee,"It's not very fun in it's current state. Thing get out of wack WAY to easy. It's so difficult, that it's just not fun.The game becomes a chore real quickly.Wait for updates I guess."
,Recommended,457140,31829734,Posted: 18 May,all,Manny,"Great sound effects and art style, intriguing mechanics, fun and rewarding gameplay. It may become another Klei's hit but still has a big issue that needs addressing.Once you've learned how everything works (by trial and error or from tutorials) and develop a stable base, you have reached the end game and there's nothing else to do except extreme end-game challenges (like making liquid polluted oxygen to turn into clean oxygen or condensing polluted water to purify it). It becomes too easy making the replayability factor tending to zero.It's kind of disappointing since Don't Starve is so much more challenging. Even after you've learned everything, the risk of failing is always there which is not the case for Oxygen Not Included.That said, the price they asking for is a bit much since you will reach end game stuff after 16-20 hours or so. Still, I believe is a great game, just a bit overpriced for the amount of reward you'll be getting."
76561198048921294,Not Recommended,457140,31852327,Posted: 19 May,all,bsmartforever,"Okay, so, I didn't enjoy this very much. I thought I would enjoy it because I enjoyed Don't Starve, and have clocked over 72 hours in Rimworld, and it looked like it has a touch of Tererria thrown in. Not so much. I found myself just managing oxygen, without really any clear progress or goals to make. Now, for survival games that isn't often a bad thing, but games like Rimworld had some pretty good explanations on the kinds of things you want to be doing, along with basic explanations on how. I didn't find it relatively obvious in this game. I just found myself frustrated and annoyed. I didn't get attached to my pawns, not like I do in Rimworld, and found myself constintly annoyed. I didn't enjoy exploring either, because I had no real idea how to properly investigate lethal areas safely. Maybe if there is a better tutorial or huide I would like it, but at this point it just felt like a chore. I'd rather go play Rimworld. Graphicswise, though, the game is very nice. Things will probably improve in future updates, but for now I will stick with my other games."
,Recommended,457140,31827170,Posted: 18 May,all,kyuni,"Oxygen not included. This game is made by the developers of ""Don't Stave"" and is now an early access game.I'll be honest here. I never buy games that are still in development. But I don't reget it. For me it doesn't feel like a game in Alpha especially not if you compare it to some games that are still in BETA.Gameplay is fun, addicting but can also be really frustrating. Especially when your colony is pretty huuuuuuuuge and don't see everything that's happening within your colony.Background music is kinda one-sided but I'm pretty sure that they will add more features along the ride.Controls are easy to figure out and  keymapping makes sense.There are still quite some bugs but hey, it's an early access game and you can't blame them for that.7.1/10, worth the money only wished that Oxygen Was Included"
76561198039270126,Not Recommended,457140,32515959,Posted: 17 June,all,Iceman,"Too pricey for the content. Hopefully in the future it will balance out but as of now, the game is just too short. This is EA so there is hope I guess, but considering this devs game history Im not holding my breath."
76561197964276889,Not Recommended,457140,32422965,Posted: 14 June,all,Lord451,"So, there's a lot I like about this game.  I absolutely love anything Dwarf-Fortressy provided that it has a better UI.The game is adorable.  Very cute, fun, and I enjoy the planning and building of the small systems.The biggest issue I see is the dev's view that ""you have to play this game the way I want you to play.""  I really don't like the idea that all resources are limited and you're forced to constantly expand and hunt for resources because the ever dwindling supplies of algea and water, with no way to make a self-sustaining system.Dwarf Fortress is fun because it's a sandbox you can play however you want.  Want to make an untoppable invincible fortress?  Sure.  Want to limit your options and get slaughtered by goblins?  Ok.  Want to have giant Dwarven construction projects and lava aqueducts?In this, there's one way to play.  Starving for supplies that will ever dwindle.  The dev discovered people had basic food and decided to make the low level food stop developing seeds because you could, you know, feed your people with it.  Now you have to constantly expand to find food that you farm.It was fun for a few hours, but I lost interest fairly quickly."
,Recommended,457140,31826389,Posted: 18 May,all,Aks,Can survive by breathing farts. 10/10
,Recommended,457140,34016099,Posted: 4 August,all,kyleblane,"I don't understand all of the negative reviews. This game is great and anyone who buys into an Early Access title needs to first purchase the Patience and Understanding DLC for their life.Yes, it's been about 5 months since the last big content update. So what? I lived through Starbound's early access and I was more than satisfied with the final product. Would you rather them rush things? They're clearly not ignoring the project. They've had a number of bug fix updates and videos showing off future features. Take a chill pill. Rushing them will only make things worse.This game is incredibly fun. I've got 33 hours in it (all since the Agriculture Update of March 2017) and still haven't mastered everything. I keep hitting walls, learning new things and wanting to start new playthroughs immediately. Is it pricey at $25? Maybe, but Klei has a good enough track record to be able to price it like that. I grabbed it for $20 on sale and have already gotten my money's worth."
76561197967356023,Recommended,457140,34527391,Posted: 27 August,all,MHarrop678,"I felt compelled to write this after the outbreak update came out and the negitive reviews flooded in. I've reached the conclusion, having read the reddit and reviews on here, that most people are upset that they can no longer manage their colony properly because of germs. I've reached cycle 44 with no drop in immunity by keeping a close eye on the germ overlay. Its not that hard. To me, all the moaning just boils down to ""Its not fair, I couldn't work it out. Boo hoo me""I admit, the game has become more difficult, however that just makes in more fun. Further the content is a little low at the moment, but its in early access and the developers are doing a fantastic job of keeping the users in the loop and releasing regular updates. Its one to pick up now, keeping in mind that its growing and will get bigger and better. From here, the only way is up!"
76561198260607754,Recommended,457140,32682094,Posted: 23 June,all,squidGen5.0,"I recommend to those who love to play city planning simulation game (Simcity / Simtower), to have a try on Oxygen Not Included. I purchased this game during pre-alpha and it seemed like a complete game during first time gameplay. It is very interesting at the early gameplay, managing good air flow and producing the breathable gas to the replicates, keeping them survive by having enough foods, researching techs to make their life easier, and mostly importantly making the replicates stress free. I guess that this is basically the core of the gameplay. One of the lacking in this game is that it becomes too content during the mid-game and lack of exploration. Nothing much can be done if a very good ecosystem has been built. This is still a early access so it is a very well done game. I pretty sure they will make more interesting stuffs in this games.There is one thing it make me wonder. They have flying and crawling creatures, but why not fishes in the water...I do hope Klei can add some other thing to make the game interesting,(a) Fuse different elements to make some other stuffs (Example: Dissolution of carbon dioxide to make free energy or oxygen)(b) Allow to build some vehicles inside the colony (It may make their life slightly easier if the replicates needs to go from one point to another point which is very far)(c) Make something rather than ladder. (Maybe elevator speeding up the climbing)(d) Have the trading system in the game(e) Is fun to pet the native alien creatures (Include the alien husbandry to have some meat for survival)"
,Not Recommended,457140,32417157,Posted: 14 June,all,tomcasey,"In its current state, I think this game only warrants a purchase if you are a fan of survival games like Don't Starve and sims like Fallout Shelter, but most importantly, you want to support this developer right now.In my opinion, the game is simply unfinished, and if the developers don't make some serious changes, it will have a serious lack of replay value....The game is full of interesting mechanics and has randomly generated worlds, which encourages you to play the game like a rogue-lite and experiment with different approaches. However, you will quickly find yourself caught in the similar pattern of relying on certain technologies over others. The real joy comes in refining your approach to these problems and adapting to the world they give you.HOWEVER""Stress"" is a major prohibitive factor in this game, something the devs placed way too much emphasis on, effectively killing the pacing of this game. Because of this, you will find yourself spamming decor throughout your base to keep duplicants happy, slowing down more pressing (and lets be honest more interesting) tasks, like refining your base and seeking out better pockets of resources.But by far the biggest issue with this game is the COMPLETE LACK of reward system for long playthroughs. Unlike Don't Starve, this game gives you absolutely nothing if you decide to try for a long playthrough. This confounds me, as it basically loses its replay value with one playthrough. I did everything in my first seven hours... in one try...Why not give you skill points to spend on buffing up duplicant's skills when printing new duplicants? Why not grant access to more interesting decor items to craft? Why not unlock ""special"" characters with hyped skill values that you can bring in mid-game? These aren't crazy ideas to implement....So I have to keep this review as a negative one. I think this game has incredible potential, and it feels like they would be rushing an incomplete product if this is all they have to offer once out of development. They need to offer players something that will make them want to come back for another playthrough, and I think they should rebalance how stress is triggered in this game. Death, combat, starvation - those are stressful things... people shouldn't get immediately stressed out from having to look at ugly pipes, that needs to be rebalanced. Stress should be a mid-game, late-game issue, not something you're fretting over after 3-4 cycles. Terrible balance with that right now."
76561198008388415,Not Recommended,457140,32847643,Posted: 27 June,all,Ameryth Valente,"$25 for the current incarnation of this game is not an expense I'd suggest to anybody, even lovers of Don't Starve. I may be missing something vital, but there simply doesn't seem to be any advancement beyond gas and liquid logistical management.I found the whole thing to be an unsatisfying flourish of activity followed by a sudden and uninteresting battle of attrition.That said, it might improve in the future?"
76561198151601160,Not Recommended,457140,33428272,Posted: 10 July,all,Old_Soul_Ambro,"Fun and challenging at first, but very quickly and abruptly becomes pointless. Once you have a self-sustaining base, which isn't that hard to do, there is nothing left TO DO. Played 2.8 hours and the first 2.25 were entertaining. Than I got bored real fast and really had nothing to do."
76561198216998624,Recommended,457140,31834629,Posted: 18 May,all,john2volk,"First of all, Yeah, buy thins one. It's cheap and fun for all the ages.The Best discription I can give this game, is High steaks resourse managment. You will do your best to manage every drop of water as you forget to mine for Alge and be unaware of the impending lack of O2 in your base. Then when you think you got it down you'll notice your food production is Failing due to the slight vacume you have created in your efforts to create a Green house to house your life sustaning plants. And after 20 hours of trail and error you will finally figure it all out and watch you number sewll and you create a perfectly climate control base.This game hase been a delight to play and just watch. The silly hijinks and the stress filled days will quicly get you hooked in to the game. The number of time i had a doop bury themselve or get their heads stuck in the roof they were working on are to many to count. This game also does a great job of getting you o think farther ahead, having forsight is one of the most important things for this game. And sooner or later you will find some crazy way to deal with gases and create a fully self sustanined base. For fans of things like Dwarf Fortrass or The Settelers resorse managment system. You will feel right at home here. They are also still updating the game fairly frequantly as this is still in EA."
,Not Recommended,457140,33286611,Posted: 5 July,all,1blockbelow,Was alot of fun at first but after a while got boring because it felt like the same thing over and over.
76561198131139737,Recommended,457140,31831600,Posted: 18 May,all,Mr. Pickles,Fantastic game!
76561198046135038,Recommended,457140,31831879,Posted: 18 May,all,Firespawn999,Really Enjoy playing this game.
76561198023791529,Recommended,457140,31894851,Posted: 21 May,all,Chain Impact,"I originally had a negative review but after the last hotfix patch which was put out around May 29, 2017 everything has been running smoothly.They released two updates that would be considered DLC in other games for free.So don't worry about bugs but some people still give negative reviews because it has no end game.  I enjoy playing this game just to see what I can engineer effectively.Just like minecraft, it feels like playing with digital 2D legos and you get more enjoyment from your creations.the replicants can dig themselves into leathal situations by automatically moving upwards whenever thier flooring goes out, which is usally away from the route from which they can go grab oxygen or food.They made the game slightly harder with the latest patch.Now ensuring your duplicates stay happy gets harder.There is a solution to every situation now but you just have to know how to lay the groundwork for it."
76561198088237124,Recommended,457140,32122933,Posted: 1 June,all,Sparklyvapor,Quite possibly the most addictive simulation game I've played yet! lots of depth even with the limited amount of content currently available. It's quite charming as well! Lay down some massage table's and get that oxygen source ready! Survival gameplay at it's best.
76561198090453924,Recommended,457140,32357524,Posted: 11 June,all,DusKeyOwl,"I have enough hours I think to tell the devs a thing or two.1. An option to start in total sandbox with all the research done and the location of the geysers and particularly the VOID without having to install a cheatmode.2. Ax the over the top barf and messing of the dupes, it might be cute the first time you see it , but after that it just is f'in annoying.3. You are going over the top with analytical data that is useless, while not giving exact input and output values...giving output of energy producers in kj and consumption in watts.4. Since the dupes consume air and food and poop at current levels no colony is sustainable which  defeats the purpose of starting along with the ridiculous decaying of food and refrigerators not working.5. The current medbay and other alternatives are kinda lame  although I do like the massage tables. Or better yet have the ability to grow a rehabilitation herb from the startt of the game. Call it PotLucky !!!or something.6 . Mid game rewards for mining like 10  instant oxygen rejuvenations at cycle 150 cycles or after mining  1billion tons or tonnes of matter. Stuff like this at least gives you goals to reach right now it just gets FRUSTRATING to continue play without goals.I do believe that the game is headed for obsurity, alot like Stardew valley where so much could be done yet not enough rewards for playing.I recommend playing heck for 20 or 30 bucks it is fun but very frustrating trying to lay out a base when you can't make goals or strive toward an endgame."
,Recommended,457140,32598768,Posted: 20 June,all,Tamerlane,"Even in it's Early Access state the game offers decent gameplay.It can be a tough game with a bit of a learning curve and doesn't offer much in terms of tutorial but figuring things out is what some people find enjoyable. Gameplay is the punishing but rewarding type like Don't Starve or Banished but the difference is the later stages where colony issues or challenges can still pop-up later on.The interface and colonist management are much the same was Rimworld. Assign tasks and set the priority. Each duplicant/colonist also has their own traits and specifice behavior when they get stressed out.Resources are finite but there are limited ways to recycle certain resources like water-sewage or slime-algae (required for oxygen) cycles. You can also choose to cool, heat, evaporate or melt certain resources and convert it to another form or state.A few thoughts:* Interface doesn't seem to have a priority keyboard shortcut for tasks and it can get tedious clicking on that smal number bar and it keeps defaulting to 5 after switching interface tabs. The ore type or building material also often changes and you wind up using a resrouce that you would rather save for later.*Some minor FPS slowdown on later stages where there can be large amounts of structures and Colonists. i7 and 1070 so there you go.*Colonists AI sometimes go AWOL and they prioritize certain things over others unless you specifically set it. Lost a bunch of colonists to suffocation when they ignore an order to build the last wiring to connect a much needed oxygen producing machine.*Be wary of your build order. Colonists will follow that and often get stranded on a single floating ore or another will build over them trapping their friend resulting in death.It's Early Access, there will be numerous issues and bugs but at it's core the game looks promising. It will NOT hold your hand and you will often lose people or entire colonies.Also be aware that some people are getting angry over an Alpha stage game and are downvoting positive reviews. Would definitely recommend the game but only if you have the time and patience to learn it as it requires a few playthroughs to understand.I'm optmistic about the game's future as the developers have a good reputation and have continued to support their older games but will still caution you as it is EARLY ACCESS. You know what you're getting into."
,Recommended,457140,32837256,Posted: 26 June,all,Dr. Rump PhD,The world's premier♥♥♥♥♥♥management simulator.
76561197993061405,Recommended,457140,32352940,Posted: 11 June,all,tiaguerazortea,"Actually my review was negative, but the game grew on me. I still feel like many of the game concepts are unpolished. But after that many hours playing I can't complain of its price."
76561198032397820,Recommended,457140,31884375,Posted: 21 May,all,ryanvgames,"Fight for survival by gathering everything you need to build and maintain your base, including food to eat, water to shower and run other equipment, power to keep it all working, oxygen to breath, and construction materials to expand (of which there are more than a few), all while maintaining important factors like air quality, by filtering out or pumping away bad gasses, stress levels, by keeping the place looking nice and not putting your inhabitants through too much hardship, and temperature, by any number of possible means.  Whether it's done by your inhabitants by digging out more material around you, or by pumps submerged in gas or liquid, operating all the equipment you need to keep these resources in balance will require a constant supply of resources, making you either continue expanding, or find ways to become ""renewable"" - something players of Klei's other big hit, ""Don't Starve"", should understand very well.  This is easier said than done, however, due to how interrelated everything is.Be mindful how you go about this; there is a lot of complexity to this game, with many things indirectly affecting others, so you really have to keep an eye on all of it while you build up the base, because one problem can and will eventually lead to another if not dealt with.  Food, water, power, air quality, stress, temperature, and the resources you're consuming through one means or another to keep these in check will all have your full attention if you want to succeed.  That said, it seems to be done very fairly.  They could have gone for an unrealistic approach where nothing really has any ripple effects, or they could have gone for an approach I've seen in other games where very suddenly, and at any time, something will happen that was easy to miss and is unrecoverable from for some stupid reason, even though it shouldn't be, causing a downward spiral until it is truly hopeless, but they split the middle and made all the resources important, but not so critical that if missed momentarily cause the base to inevitably and unavoidably collapse.And on that note, the AI seems to be very good under pressure.  Unlike some games where as soon as things start going badly the entire base just collapses due to the AI's inability to handle the situation, sometimes once things go bad, and sometimes even before then due to bugs, these little guys just can't be stopped.  They will continue doing just barely enough of everything needed to keep the base - and themselves - alive until the very last possible moment.  Only the most completely inept builder running the most hopeless base should find themselves with dead workers on their hands.  That said, as I mentioned earlier, there is a lot to keep track of, so don't let this make it sound like long term success is easy - it isn't.The challenge of balancing everything as you grow, and the quest for a perfect base, all while being able to design the systems that keep it running make this a very fun game for me.  I played 30 actual hours in two days upon first getting this, seriously.  It was that addictive.  If that sounds like you, I'm sure it will be great fun.  That is to say it isn't without some bugs.  I've found the liquid plumbing system to have issues with all but the simplest of systems, but it can generally be worked around, and I assume it will be fixed eventually since this is still early access.---Here's a demo scenario, so you know what I mean about interconnected:Start with basic food, made from dirt and water pressed together into a bar and deep fried (yes, they will eat that).  This requires power, just make a hamster wheel for now.  Make sure you've gathered enough metal for the electrical components.  Keep researching.  You need the other tech, but this takes time and electricity, time for while you must keep the base running on simple things.  Most people won't enjoy eating fried dirt and water forever, so you're going to need something to keep them calm.  You'll also need to make sure the air quality stays good, producing oxygen and containing pollutants, such as would be emitted from the outhouse.  Running the oxygen producers also requires electricity and a constant input of organic material you must dig out of the walls.  Fast forward now and you'll want to add a shower and proper washroom to replace the outhouse.  This requires pumping out water from somewhere, which requires more power.  You'll also want to make sure you don't use up all your water, so build a refiner to purify the used water back into fresh.  All of this electrical equipment is starting to get too demanding for hamster wheels; your inhabitants are spending nearly the whole day just running which doesn't leave them enough time for other important duties.  Build some power stations.  These require additional resources which you must find (coal or natural gas) or make (hydrogen).  They also require dealing with the polluted air, and pumping this gas around.  This additional equipment quickly significantly increases the load on your electrical system, causing a bit of a snowball effect, making you jump up from what you had to something ""end game"" in one move, more or less.  Oh, and those things that deal with the polluted air?  They also need plumbing tie-ins, so how much fresh water you consume and how much polluted water you produce could also really change here - make sure you have the equipment needed to deal with that.  You might want to use your polluted water to make fertilizer, especially since these units produce natural gas which you can burn for power, but they will pollute the surrounding area so keep it contained... oh, and don't run out of water.My advise is to take it slow and careful, but be mindful of the resources you have on hand and don't go so slow you run out.  Also, be extremely picky about who you let into the base, and who you start with.  If you just pick any old person, it will make things harder.That's just sort of the main points... you'll run into other little things along the way too, and each map is a bit different in the resources it has since they seem to be randomly generated."
76561197970670901,Not Recommended,457140,32535962,Posted: 18 June,all,Amoeba,"The physics in this game are absolutely horrendously wrong. The biggest problem is that somehow you don't need oxygen to burn carbon, natural gas, or hydrogen. Maybe if they called the hydrogen generator a ""fusion reactor"" i'd understand, but the carbon/natural gas makes no sense either. Natural gas generator even produces CO2, but without a source of O. Natural Gas is CH4 or C2H6, no O in there, but somehow the natural gas generator leaks polluted water (H2O) all over the floors and has CO2 exhaust. By definition you need Oxygen to make CO2 and H2O molecules. You can't get CO2/H2O from CH4, there's no O in there! And polluted water? Why is it being spilled onto the floor!? Why doesn' this thing have a proper pipe output if it's going to output things? That brings me to other point, some objects have pipe in/pipe out, while some others just pull from environment or spew directly to environment. Example: pumps have no inputs, you have to put it in the liquid/gas for it to pump. Electroysis Oxygen/Hydrogen generators have input... but no output!! They just spew their Oxygen and Hydrogen directly into their surroundings. If you want to use their output, you have to then combine that with an air pump and an air filter. Why not put some gas outputs on there? Also, since the laws of physics don't make sense, you can create a perpetual motion machine that turns water into oxygen and hydrogen and use the hydrogen to power a generator and end up with free leftover oxygen. What kind of sorcery is this?Also, the air pressure doesn't equalize fast enough, so you can have a small room with low pressure on one side, and high pressure on the other side, just a few feet away. The water is same way, it's way too viscous. Water flows like honey.It's a good concept, but there are a lot of things that are just annoyingly wrong about this game."
76561197981382187,Not Recommended,457140,32485086,Posted: 16 June,all,Ceegor,"The game is fun for a short time and fiddling around and trying to find a sustainable way to build the base is very motivating at first.However, the game lacks content at the moment and the point, at which an near to perfect base has been build is reached pretty quickly for this type of game. This statement is also true if comparing with other games of the same developer.The game is alpha and there can be expected further content, of course. However, I think the game approach does not allow solving some of the main problems. E.g. at some theoretical point, all maps will be mined empty and at least at this point, the game is over. Maybe, the developer will prove me wrong. But seeing him introducing his new game already, before this (rather expensive) game is not nearly finished does not create good feeling."
,Not Recommended,457140,32976441,Posted: 28 June,all,DMcGanon,It looks great and the idea is neat but I won't return to it if the pump system is not improved or simplified or at least explained properly and the researches expended.Overall as of now I am heavilly disatisfied of my purchase and this falls into a big list of greenlights or early access that disapointed me.
,Not Recommended,457140,32028852,Posted: 28 May,all,Skeltis,"My review does not include any content post OUTBREAK.  While it is a new feature, I messed around with it a bit and I didnt care for the idea.  It was very similar to the Blight for me in Dont Starve.  I just didn't care for it.  I'll leave my review in place (because the game is still bare of features and I think its going to be good) but recommend looking at a more recent one.I wouldnt recommend early access.  there just isnt enough to do yet.  I spent alot of time restarting and refing my base layout.  After about 4 or 5 runs at it, I set it up, made it through the reasearch tree and then ran into a cycle of expanding and looking for more resources as mine began to run out (mostly just water).This is one that is going to need alot of time to develop.  If you are limited on play time and are interested, hold off and dont burn out on it now before any real features go into it."
76561198280416208,Not Recommended,457140,33417348,Posted: 9 July,all,patcallow,"update = reset data, otherwise a good game"
76561198163144621,Recommended,457140,31824152,Posted: 18 May,all,Speak Life,"This game is incrdible! Cannot Reccomend it enough, as of right now I have 64 hours in it, and that's just the pre-release playtime! This game is only going to get better and better as Klei works on it. I have 100% faith in this company that they will fully release a game that's even more amazing than it is now. The art style is on point, the sound effects and animations are adorable and often times hilarious. The little details in this game just make me so happy.There are a few bugs here and there and I get a lot of lag once I start explanding my base too much. But these are minor things that I expect to be fixed along the way! I can't wait to see what else Klei has planned for this game! I LOVE IT SO MUCH!"
76561198355327525,Not Recommended,457140,32739936,Posted: 24 June,all,Novever,"To be honest, I was addicted to this game in the first place. But for the time being, I won't recommend this to my friends for some reasons. However if you have real faith in this game, just buy it or wait till a greater discount.Since Oxygen Not Included is kind of an unfinished game, its pattern would become boring when you learn the way to build up a stable cycle system.And it's not so friendly to newbie and it had made me so annoyed for times. Once I have a bad start of the game, I would feel nervous and stressful about the situation.Oh, it had not developed an online shared mode either.What's more, I strongly recommend that a creative mode should be added to this game, which would allow players to build more wonderful systems or desigh their own space construction without limitation, or we could just make some experiment with this mode.Well, that's all come up with me now."
76561198056798649,Recommended,457140,32210034,Posted: 5 June,all,buulecoom,"I love this great and what it bring to the table towards crafting in a game.  It kind of reminds me of Terraria but starting underground.  Also the tech in the game seems a bit more advance.  The possiblilities seem endless to the point in which you've used up you existing area, but good luck doing that because the map area is huge.  I only hope that after this game goes from an alpha, beta game that it might include achievements in some way.  Still it won't stop me from play it any time soon.  Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,457140,34497728,Posted: 25 August,all,Toastpiratewilly,"-Start game-Decide to dig and start expanding-Find a water source-Build a decent base-people start getting hungry-make a food musher-turns out the only food I can make is a congealed brick of mud and soil-It'll have to do-people eat mud brick. they don't seem to mind ingesting wet, decomposing♥♥♥♥♥♥-Need a better oxygen source-Make algae farms-Perfect base-everything is going smoothly until the water source runs out-make my people dig to another source-turns out having un-stored material on the ground causes a lot of stress for people-mining and lack of storage devices creates lots of debris-Jerry (one of the peoples) gets stressed, starts beating up a battery-Jerry destroys the battery and now my base is running off one other battery (keep in mind these small batteries don't hold much so I need multiple)-Assign a person (named♥♥♥♥♥♥head because his hair looks like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ to the manual generator to produce power to compensate for the lost battery-assign someone else to fix the battery-dont know how to lower stress-Jerry destroys the 2nd battery as the first one is fixed-cycle continues♥♥♥♥♥♥head working his♥♥♥♥♥off on the generator still. I've forgotten about him at this point-also forget to make a new water source-algae farms run dry. stop producing oxygen-Carbon dioxide start to fill up base-everyone is suffocating, with only one small pocket of breatheable oxygen which is always clustered with people-everyone starts stressing out-someone dies-Didn't know bodies attract weird disease squid things and think to myself I'll clean him up later.-disease squids get into my base-everyone gets sick-someone throws up-someone else throws up-send people to clean up barf-those people also get sick and throw up on top of the old throw up-barf levels rising-someone else dies-someone gets hungry and eats a mud bar-gets diarrhea from mud bar-outhouse is full-releaves themselves in pool of barf-a little while after doing so, dies of disease♥♥♥♥♥♥head lets out one final throw up and dies (R.I.P.♥♥♥♥♥♥head)-more people die-only Jerry is left to clean up the dead bodies of his friends and family-midway through carrying someone to a grave he diesFun Game."
76561198241630806,Recommended,457140,32962503,Posted: 28 June,all,TacoRocks2000,"Okay don't get me wrong I love this game and would recomend it but here are a few things everyone should be aware about before buying it.Pros:- It's fun and will keep you busy- Simple, anyone can understand and play this game- Doesn't have any bugs that I have found- you can choose the 3 'duplicants' you start with- there really isn't much combat in this game, it's an adventure and explore, and problem and solution type gameCons:- you will waste hours upon hours on this game- you never have time to relax and you must always do something- The 'duplicants' (meaning the little people that do whatever) are stupid. I mean so stupid that you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they aren't doing something even though you set the priority level to 9 (9 is the highest)- this game will make you rage because of how stupid the 'duplicants' are- 'duplicants' will start a task and leave it unfinished- food and water are resources that you will run out of fast. Especially food."
,Recommended,457140,31827039,Posted: 18 May,all,A wild Solo,I like it.
76561198049441852,Not Recommended,457140,35271126,Posted: 28 September,all,Serious Squirrel,Unless you are a die hard beta tester wait for the full release
76561197997906728,Not Recommended,457140,31905307,Posted: 22 May,all,fraxin,"So, this isn't ready. What's there is polished and well made- the basic ""solve emergent problems"" gameplay loop that's the purpose of this genre is in place, but really short in this instance. Expect to spend your whole time chasing oxygen- to be expected for sure given the title of the game, but I found all the other problems trivial while the oxygen problem never stabilized.There's a tech tree, but it's laughably short right now. There's Intermediate research (which you can pursue immediately) but no Advanced, so this is clearly planned to change, but the game might be better right now if there wasn't a tech tree at all.There's very little to work towards for your colony, just digging to different quickly exhausted resources to turn into oxygen. People have said there's no late game yet, but I'd say there's no real midgame either. No trading, nothing to upgrade, nothing interesting to craft.Worst for me was that the game is designed against making you care about your colonists.They're called duplicants, flavor text says they have no memories from before their arrival, you literally 3d print them. The game stops just short of saying outright ""these aren't really people, you don't have to care about them."" There's very little you can do to make their lives better, with only one tier of furniture and decoration, no leisure needs. I never had problems with stressed colonists until my colonies were dying of something else.Basically, right now it's a short frustrating gameplay loop that provides no meaningful goals.Klei has a good record, so they'll probably fix most of the problems I had with the game. It's not worth paying for yet though."
,Not Recommended,457140,35220302,Posted: 26 September,all,Dedelo,FUN and DIFFICULTY are unbalanced. Want to know more? Check top reviews.
,Not Recommended,457140,35197668,Posted: 24 September,all,Game Daddy,"On paper this game looks good but in practice it falls short in almost every way.1) No tutorial2) Brain Dead AI3)Horrible looking menus (Felt like i was reading a boox/spreadsheet half the time)But the bigest problem with this game is its randomness. NOw dont get me wrong i love a good random game, i played minecraft tons. But the issue here is if you dont spawn with enough of the matireals you need close to you you might as well start the game over again. Ive played alot of randomly generated games and i always felt that if my skill was good then id make it and thats not the case here.The other big issue with this game is its confusing. Its hard to tell what you need to do or how to do it, and like i said before a good tutorial would have helped but with this game your just randomly clicking things hoping they do what you want them to do. This game has a ton of potential and i cant wait to see how it moves on in early access but right now its jut not got the polish to justify the asking price and i will e getting a refund"
76561198062811236,Not Recommended,457140,32840151,Posted: 26 June,all,sTopkidding,Unbalanced as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't bother getting this before the final release.
76561198075479353,Not Recommended,457140,35236724,Posted: 26 September,all,Stormy,So. Just got done playing a game for about 4 hrs. All of a sudden they refused to produce food. I had excessive materials and all the infastructer. They just wouldnt.... wtf.. The ai needs a fix thats for sure.
,Not Recommended,457140,32582518,Posted: 19 June,all,Ankido,"No tutorial.  The learning curve is extremely difficult.  I always find myself logging in, not knowing what to do and just bailing out.  Maybe I'm not smart for these type of games and need a bit of explanation.  Or mabye I'm just not patient enough to sit here and figure things out.  Not ready for Alpha time if you ask me."
76561197998588617,Not Recommended,457140,33073074,Posted: 1 July,all,AoD,"It's adorable.  However, that is where the fun ends.  Too micromanagey, some things are just insanely stupid."
76561198086856738,Not Recommended,457140,35399331,Posted: 1 October,all,etegiwg,"The reason I don't entirely enjoy it is because for me it got boring quite fast for being repetitive; constant digging, building, eating, sleeping, sanitizing, and all that doesn't keep my attention for long. Obviously it's personal preference, so if you like keeping things tidy then go for it.I just suggest waiting for a good sale. At least for me it wasn't worth $20. It'd be better if it had an actual modding community, which may happen. But until then I'd say it's worth $15 tops."
,Not Recommended,457140,34952999,Posted: 14 September,all,EtsDriver,"The germ outbreak should be optional to be disabled/enabled for player to choose do they wanna try fight bacteria too.Before the update, game was great to play. Challenging, but still playable."
76561198053629297,Recommended,457140,32650563,Posted: 22 June,all,M A I D,:D
,Recommended,457140,34185668,Posted: 12 August,all,Stargoat,"The physics simulation in the game is beyond excellent, especially with regards to the fluid mechanics. It is a lot of fun to think about the way the different systems work, and the complexity of how you utilise the mechanics it presents to you is scalable to the player's skill.Setting up engineering projects feels awesome - identifying an issue within the colony, devising a plan to address it and then overseeing the implementation. The colonist simulation is intrinsic to the problems that are presented.Beyond being an exellent sim, I think the game, implicity through its design, has something to say about human culture and progress."
76561198111275345,Not Recommended,457140,34837368,Posted: 9 September,all,clarkkent,There is no fun on Outbreak Update. I don't like to play the game even if i want to play the game a lot. I prefer to wait decent updates to start the game again.
76561198378069088,Not Recommended,457140,35215750,Posted: 25 September,all,gilamondo,It is a little frustrating at first but it is so good once you get rolling. There is a good balance of challenge and reward.(Edit)I just hit the disease problem. It makes the game unplayable. Had to change from thumbs up to thumbs down. Hope you fix this...
76561198023163709,Not Recommended,457140,35215035,Posted: 25 September,all,TinkyJJ,"I dont need germs or oil, I only need better Storage Compactor, I dont mind you make a dumpster, or something. Storage is a mess, I can't stand it."
76561198026628070,Not Recommended,457140,35459975,Posted: 3 October,all,Bakuretsa,Outbreak patch does nothing but break the game . Honestly there were about a million other ways to add to the game other than adding a ♥♥♥♥ing disinfect every 5 minute simulator . Can't recommend it at this time .
76561198073352056,Not Recommended,457140,35196757,Posted: 24 September,all,Knight of Spear,"PIPE BOCKED SIMULATOR 2017-20??Every single time, when i am consructing pipes it says pipe blocked.WTF. WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?Don't get me wrong. This game is pretty good but there are mechanics that needs to be fix asap like pipes. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  show us a proper demonstration on how to construct the pipes correctly cause it is very frustrating.Everything else is okay or it doesn't irritate me as much as building pipesEdit 1: After some minor 4mb update, the game keeps crashing. Now this is more frustrating than building pipes. GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER KLEI ENTERTAINMENT. just in two hours i got 4 crashes."
,Not Recommended,457140,31921385,Posted: 23 May,all,Popeye The Sailor,Hmm the first 5 hours were fun but the others ... meh. Its also very overpriced . Greedy developers want every penny . It also looks like a free to play game . I will simply say dont buy it at this stage because its a lot of money
76561198115413364,Not Recommended,457140,35249326,Posted: 27 September,all,De@tHToLL,"This isn't a thumbs down to the game, it's a thumbs down to the ONI review police that just can't stand a difference of opinion!!"
,Not Recommended,457140,35235869,Posted: 26 September,all,jamesdeal1982,Decent Game. Just gets boring after a while. Like a few hours.
76561198048553346,Not Recommended,457140,35040785,Posted: 18 September,all,Obsidanse,"As it is I would not recommend this game myself.Many enjoy it.I find it unecessarily punishing and ridiculously treacherous.I've watched countless playthroughs and streams so understand it is meant to be very tough. I appreciate that kind of challenge. But I expect to be given a level of guidance and hand holding to get you started.This, has none right now.While you can learn by mistakes, wipe the slate clean, and start over... I'd rather make mistakes because I got something wrong... not because I got caught out with something I was utterly unaware of... Not much fun."
76561198072323223,Not Recommended,457140,35218826,Posted: 26 September,all,xFleury,"The game is alot of fun for the first little bit, while your base is small, but as the game progresses the pathfinding for duplicants seems to get frustratingly worse and worse. The objective of the game transistions into a meta-game of coercing the pathfinder."
,Recommended,457140,31832803,Posted: 18 May,all,Sabokizi,xD
,Recommended,457140,32058802,Posted: 30 May,all,pp141,Oxygen Not Included together pls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198075217319,Recommended,457140,32106650,Posted: 1 June,all,Kaalaxi,"Don't listen to the negative reviews they are mostly ignorant or superificial to the mechanics. This game is amazing, there is so much to it, its pretty challenging and complex with awesome systems to manage, this should be the model for all base platform survival games. Even in its current state its amazing, just the idea of more content in this boggles my mind. 30 hours in the game figuring it out and I'm just at the breakthrough to it all.I can't stress enough how fun this game is for me, the only negative I would say is the difficulty, Its pretty hard but thats where its replayability is."
,Recommended,457140,32324861,Posted: 10 June,all,KingJackMonster,"This game is very addictive. The first time is the worst, but you get better fast.  Once you learn the basics, the game starts to open up. You have to work with what you have, and it is a challange. You would be amazed how much you learn in actual real world science as well. The fact that this game is still in early access is great, because there is going to be more content in the future. If I had to give any advice, it is to manage gas and stress. Good Luck"
,Recommended,457140,34728811,Posted: 3 September,all,Lefty,"It is STILL a great game! Most of the Negative reviews are from the people who reviewed BEFORE the Hotfix after the Outbreak patch.Managing diseases is not that big of a deal, even slimelung. Now you have auto-desinfecting!Slimelung: If the immunity of your colonists is going down; you just seal them out of the contaminated areas as slimelung dies in clean oxygen.Food poisoning: Because the water filtration process is not antiseptic, you MUST have another clean water source for food and use the contaminated filtered water from the WC for food production (sleet wheat and Berries) or Electrolyzers.You have a point when you say there is more micro management: for example the food poisoned water from the showers/basins will not be enough to produce oxygen for a bigger base and hydroponic farms, so you will need a second water supply.As for cleaning the base: yes it might be annoying at start, but once you get used to managing germs it will NOT be a problem anymore. Cycle 220 here, 1st try and I've managed to recover from a food poisoning outbreak.You just need experience to get used to the new mechanics, because this update was a great one. The food balancing is fantastic, now you can actually make good food for your dups!Great job Klei! and thanks for this great game and that quick hotfix on desinfectation time. I wish people would be so quick to fixing their reviews as Klei was to correct their mistakes!(although, I do wish the Thermo Aquatuner would not roast my base at 200 degress C as it does now)"
,Not Recommended,457140,35098499,Posted: 20 September,all,Sp00py Puncak3s,"At the current state of the game, I would not recommend it, but it will be a good game once it has better features."
76561198112904755,Recommended,457140,35267324,Posted: 28 September,all,Mrs2+3,This game is one of my favorites. Yes some updates make the game harder but I enjoy the challenge and Klei actually fixes a lot of issues when needed. Over all i have spent countless hours on this game and I will continue doing so for many more to come.
,Recommended,457140,31828816,Posted: 18 May,all,Juice Box,"Make a hellhole, have everyone puke and pee all over the place. Recycle dirty water, and thus we have clean water. Ignore that dead duplicant by the side, he's part of the main attraction."
,Recommended,457140,31835773,Posted: 19 May,all,Tris,"ELVIS,PUTDOWNTHEHAMMER2 days later, Elvis was found dead"
,Recommended,457140,31828801,Posted: 18 May,all,Porta1987,"Absolutely brilliant little game. Its passed hours of time away for me. Its a nice game to sit and play when your in a chilling mood and don't fancy playing somthing that demands high concentration.There is hours of fun to be had in this game, there is so many different ways of doing things to make a perfectly working colony. At first you will more than likely fail late game in the first 4-5 attempts but once you find somthing that works you can then build on that and experiment. Iv found this game to be very challanging at first when you get to late game but this is what makes it fun. If a game is just to easy then it gets boring real fast!Concidering this game is EA it feels very polished and well made. The game seriously has been thought out really well. If you check my games libery you will see i support a lot of EA titles and hands down this is best polished EA game i have played.The game has quite a lot of content already and its only EA i'm excited to see what the future updates are with this game it has so much potential and opportunities."
,Not Recommended,457140,34990923,Posted: 16 September,all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,pretty ♥♥♥♥ing boring right now if you'd ask me
76561198157144535,Not Recommended,457140,35166936,Posted: 23 September,all,whohow100,not worth the moneylots of bugs
,Not Recommended,457140,32491886,Posted: 16 June,all,Nighthawk,"Addicting game until you realize the devs don't really care about the user experience. Or regular updates. I've been waiting two months for a content patch but all there is is bug fixes, which is fine and all, but it doesn't do anything to get me back into the game. Just another game to add to my next Salt Mine video.I would like to give this game a thumb pointing to the side, it's really nothing special but it isn't exactly bad, but of course, steam doesn't care, either."
,Recommended,457140,31890381,Posted: 21 May,all,Laurond,"First off, you should try the game before deciding if you like it or not, but..Don't start up this game without an alarmclock to tell you when you've played for too long.Prepare some food and water so you don't starve to death in case you ignore the alarmclock.Expect to fall asleep in your chair if you did ignore the alarmclock, so make sure its comfy and that you have a blanket.DO NOT prepare a bucket you disgusting pig, use the toilet..Remember to delete your browser history first when you are about to start up this game."
76561198075461510,Not Recommended,457140,31856060,Posted: 20 May,all,Jarl Wolfganger,"mundane at best, not particularly fun to play unfortunately. AI was pretty buggy, I selected to prioritize an activity and it was never completed, hovered over the object and it said it needed resources. This should pop up and be clearly evident. I did enjoy the gradual learning introduction and the character generation but I found this game rather arduous to play."
76561198345974909,Recommended,457140,32927511,Posted: 28 June,all,YoBoyScyres,"This game WON'T appeal to everyone. But, if you find yourself enjoying/loving games such as Fallout Shelter or Don't Starve, I highly recommend this purchase. There is a certain satisfaction of building a ,,perfect'' base(from your perspective) in this game. If you have the money, buy it.Small tips for beginners(according to the agricultural update):-Don't hesitate to start over, your first 2/3 colonies WILL be filled with flaws, it's not fun managing huge hunger, oxygen, stress etc. problems-Be picky with your first 3 duplicants, since you have an infinity of choices [Knowledge is the best skill since it increases the rate at which you learn the other skills; high decor (especially at the beginning) will result in you having the chore of constantly managing stress levels so try to pick duplicants with low(5 or less) decor expectation]-I recommend to have a maximum of 5/6 duplicants. Having too many duplicants will result in food and oxygen shortages and you'll be overwhelmed, eventually"
,Recommended,457140,34513493,Posted: 26 August,all,Ash,"Absolutely love this game! If you enjoy time management, resource mangement style games, then this one is for you. There's a lot of figuring it out on the go and possibly looking up what makes produces what and then what causes what, but it's seriously a fun game.I've only made it about 100 cycles (days) in but that doesn't mean I don't keep trying. Plus, all the new updates and changes keeps you on your toes. This is one of the best early access games I have ever played!"
,Recommended,457140,32885946,Posted: 27 June,all,drow_fighter,"great game, looking forward for future  updates"
,Recommended,457140,35267138,Posted: 28 September,all,Tobalodon | civilgamers.com,"Klei have done it again, a great game with great gameplay. I love this game, the way the characters and designed, the way they sound, even the irritating micro-management can't stop me from loving this game.Gameplay:If you are in to most strategy based colony games, like spore, you will love this. If you are a fan of Klei's other games like 'Don't Starve', you will surely like this. People arguably say that the micro-management is tedious and annoying, but for me, it is not at all a problem. I love the updates and almost everything about this game in general. The idea of creating a colony on a meteor and exploring the vast emptiness of space really gets you going.Issues:Ah... I hate mentioning flaws, but you need to include them to balance out the review. I say that this is the most notorious, game breaking flaw ever. The crashing. On most occassions, some of them may include not fiddling at all with the cheats, involve the game crashing almost instantaneously. The problem is, the crashes are regular and you are forced with two options: Report bug, or return the the desktop. Some of the crashes can be almost unknown and unexpected, so you can't actually fill in the box apart from say, 'I got crashed randomly. Help!' that is the only major flaw I'm going to point out.A small issue is the pathfinding, like sometimes I will or won't even click somewhere and the duplicant will get trapped in a liquid or some dangerous area SOMEHOW. But then they can't get back?The game is in Early Access, so it is not to blame, Klei spend a lot of time making this game better for everyone, (or at least try to) so please don't say it is their fault. Klei think of unimaginatable ideas and improve the old! It might soon be very moddable, so keep your hopes up."
,Recommended,457140,33198020,Posted: 3 July,all,dayz,"Recommended for easily 100+ hours of engrossing and entertaining survival challenge!! (Further ups & downs below)This game is incredibly fun while you figure out the basics of survival. It took me about 6 colonies to build a nearly sustainable base (a 100% self-sufficient colony is impossible with current resource limitations). The early to mid game involves a ton of fun digging and building. After your colony is fully settled though, the late game becomes less fun. For me at least, farming is a real hassle that I derive little enjoyment out of. The late game consists of careful farming, tweaking your plumbing and power systems to perfection, and intentionally stressing out dupes who will cry or vomit for that extra water supply. Hopefully there's more content underway that will liven up the late game.OXYGEN NOT INCLUDED VS DON'T STARVE??The main difference between Oxygen and Don't Starve is the need to micromanage units. Patience and planning are key. Learn to set priorities so that dupes work on important tasks first and don't starve themselves to death. Also know that there is significantly less exploration in Oxygen than Don't Starve. The world is smaller, and it is difficult to travel far from base. Oxygen is definitely a base building game. If you prefer a nomadic playstyle in Don't Starve, this game might not be for you. Overall though, Oxygen brings the same excitement of a survival game that Don't Starve does."
,Recommended,457140,34422133,Posted: 22 August,all,Haner24,"Really fun game! played for hours on end before realizing how incomplete it was. Once this game leaves beta, its going to be fantastic!"
,Recommended,457140,32636954,Posted: 22 June,all,luserfriendly,"I've been playing this game the past few weeks as a break from Factorio and Project HighriseSimilar to the two games, ONI scratches the same itch of trying out things, failing, trying again, and optimizing your builds/colony.The physics/chemistry system (gas management) in the game is simple enough to understand yet complex enough to provide a decent challenge.I'd like to see some changes with the task priority system, but it's been workable so far.Game has also been patched about 10 times in the last month, so it's a promising title on Early Access. Klei has a good track record anyway."
76561198064504524,Recommended,457140,33050394,Posted: 30 June,all,Olanigan,"Really cool game, all coming from this company are golden nuggets!I spent a lot of time playing this game, I even forget wich time is it, and I realise it is 1 at the morning and I still want to dig this cave next to me... try to get those gases out, those liquids in. And no way, it's so challenging and fun at the same time.Addictive for me, I recommend it!"
,Recommended,457140,33133863,Posted: 2 July,all,Juanda,"This game is awesome! Really adictive, cant wait for its full release."
,Recommended,457140,33154706,Posted: 2 July,all,Doeetright,"I have to apologies first and foremost because I went into this game with super high expectations and tried to compare it to a similar game Rimworld, and probably didn't give Oxygen Not Included a fair shake.I've got about 17 hours played (no idea what steam is doing) and while a fun game it is super easy. The art style is great, the feel of the game is great. It just starts fast and then plateus really quickly.  I kept playing thinking it would get more difficult.  The only thing that really happened was I had to rely on different resouces because some started to run out.Anyway, this is a thumbs up because I love you Klei, but please at the very least.  Give us hardcore survivalists something to play otherwise this game was purchased for naught."
,Recommended,457140,33245507,Posted: 4 July,all,F. Margarita,"I recomend this game, if you're like survival and management or you're like don't starve"
,Recommended,457140,33180074,Posted: 3 July,all,Young,get me a Rimworld dish with a small Factorio on the side and suddenly its 5 am OH♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056155576,Recommended,457140,31828549,Posted: 18 May,all,Boardman94,"With the delightful artstyle present in all Klei's games ONI is an excelent base management game.  Whether your duplicants are industrusly digging, running on hamster wheels, eating you out of house and home, or just sleeping at inappropriate times, they will do it in the cutest way possible.  You can never really be mad at them since they are the most endering grunts ever.Even in the early alpha this game was rock solid stable.  There were quirks, or bugs, but never game ending glitches or crashes.  Klei does an excellent job of keeping the core game working while building up the content.This game is not for everyone but is an excellent resource management colony game."
76561198023694787,Recommended,457140,31825733,Posted: 18 May,all,qenth,"Basebuilding with a twist, wonderfull goto game in between the AAA titles for me."
76561198118637472,Recommended,457140,31832194,Posted: 18 May,all,mrbox360,"Amazing colors of the area, clear sounds, love the Xray view of the pipelines and vents"
76561198034073285,Recommended,457140,31825683,Posted: 18 May,all,chelch,Love this game!  There are so many complex systems working together... it's Science AND Fun!Also the Devs have been really amazing!
,Recommended,457140,31825873,Posted: 18 May,all,Skrekkur,"Looks and plays great, one of the better colony managers out there, with strong emphasis on fluid management, which is sort of new for the genre (except of course dwarf fortress has done it all).Much lesser imphases (so far) on personalities than in rimworld but a lot of focus on resource management, building a base and fluid and gas management.It already feels quite polished, after release they quickly added more stuff and did some really good balance passes, expect to fail a few times in the beginning starting a new equipped with better knowledge how to build a better colony.Expect your colony to fail multiple times in hilarious ways before you git gud!"
76561198041618349,Recommended,457140,31825139,Posted: 18 May,all,Fluffy Rabbit,Really fun game. It's early access but is already better than many released games. The air and pressure mechanics are new and interesting and with the thermodynamics are having an impact as well. Really cute graphics. Can't wait for this is grow and get more mods on the workshop as it is just asking for it.
,Recommended,457140,31831311,Posted: 18 May,all,Deadly,Its a Klei game - Always excellent :)
,Recommended,457140,31826863,Posted: 18 May,all,rawr xd BIG BOOTY BAD DRAGON,"Love this game, ticky at first, but when you get the hang of it, its pretty amasing :)"
,Recommended,457140,31825618,Posted: 18 May,all,Kooner,Only in alpha stage but still a lot of fun
,Recommended,457140,32703360,Posted: 23 June,all,Daenifae,"I saw a youtuber play this game and thought to myself ""Oh, that looks like a cute little time filler for an hour or so..."". How wrong I was. Much more complex than meets the eye, very easy going at first quickly followed by OMG WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO MY OXYGEN WHY IS EVERYONE DYING WHAT A TERRIBLE DISASTER until you get a handle on the mechanics and order of things. If you persevere past the difficulty spike it's actually really interesting as the time goes on.Surprisingly fun, easy mechanics*, cute graphics and sounds, and overall a quality game to have in your library.*If by easy, you are OK with being lulled into a place of quiet restitude only to be awoken by the cruel mid-game gods of death, before going oh sh** and starting again, taking what you have learnt to try avoid killing a new batch of duplicants... a few times... and then finally getting a handle on things."
,Recommended,457140,32445754,Posted: 15 June,all,eNc | Freddie,"There is just not enough content yet to justify the asking price.The game is great and all, but it's truly early access. Obviously Klei will improve the game as it goes, and I'm sure it will make 2D games great again. It has great potential, and is also an original idea as far as I'm aware.The game is certainly challenging at first, but after a few hours of trial and error you find yourself in a somewhat self sustaining base, and you're left wondering wtf todo next.I'd recommend that you pick up this game if you're into this type of game (obviously), but wait until it's on a sale for 10 bucks-ish."
,Recommended,457140,31832280,Posted: 18 May,all,morph113,"If Rimworld, Don't Starve and Terraria had a baby then you would get Oxygen not included. It has the building a colony and survival aspect of Rimworld, the art style and steam punk of Don't Starve and some elements of Terraria."
76561198048625611,Not Recommended,457140,31889232,Posted: 21 May,all,goodce87,If Rimworld and Dig or Die had a baby it would be a lot like this. There are no goals or quests as of yet and things get repetitive after the first couple builds. I think it will turn out to be a fine game but not at it's current stage of development.
76561198005615605,Recommended,457140,31824291,Posted: 18 May,all,Lethal Games,"Having just gotten into early access, Oxygen Not Included is a surprisingly well polished game with very few bugs. Anyone who is remotely interested in basebuilding, survival, management, or simulation genres should at least take a look at this game. The game is addicting and will suck hours away from you if you're not careful. As expected from Klei Entertainment, they're creating a high quality game and that's both strategic and insanely fun. However, there is a learning curve to the game and being in early access, it does feel a bit incomplete. With that said, I'm absolutely in love with the game and can't wait to see what else Klei Entertainment has in store. For a full detailed first look check out my YouTube video:https://youtu.be/k2bGPTMFGOc"
76561198007065259,Recommended,457140,31941181,Posted: 24 May,all,Sebastard,"*Base floods with gas, everyone  dies*. Ah, that's why the gasses have their density shown. Shouldn't have dropped out of school. 10/10 would have everyone killed again."
,Recommended,457140,31841504,Posted: 19 May,all,E25,Pro :(+) Easy to play(+) Simple resource(+) Astonishing graphicsCons :(-) You need to eat Dirt + Water9/10 for Early Access!
76561198034216796,Recommended,457140,32180626,Posted: 4 June,all,drankaelin,"First off, the title should be, ""Oxygen, water, and food not included,"" because if you don't set things up right, your colony will perish fast. So it's my duty here to be as clear as possible so those who do like to work with piping systems will find a challenging game they simply can't put down.Oxygen is detrimental in the beginning, but once you establish your hvac system, it's water that becomes the sought after resource. Actually, the full title should be, ""Oxygen, water, and food  (and you ain't getting your soul back) not included,"" because Klei seems to know how make an addict out of you with their combination of procedural generation and deep exploratory play. Even in EA I can't put this damn game down! It's hours and hours that pass by before I know it.Unlike Don't Starved, there is not much combat in ONI's current state of EA. Here you are dealing with gasses that mingle with each other. For example: You obviously want to control your CO2, because otherwise air becomes unbreathable, right? Yet oxygen, oh life giver, will rot your food. So banking ration boxes in CO2 keeps your food sterile. And since CO2 is heavier than oxygen, placing things right is key.In its fully destructible environment of assorted biomes--dirt, slime, ice, heat, and magma--the most fun I have is moving large bodies of water that gush and flow so close to the real deal."
76561198068933539,Recommended,457140,34895063,Posted: 11 September,all,Artorias.PUBG,"Awesome game, really test your micro management skill, and hey, +1 for cuteness of the duplicants"
76561198069053196,Recommended,457140,32874604,Posted: 27 June,all,Agent 787,Fun
,Recommended,457140,32959721,Posted: 28 June,all,Inferno,"Much like all of Klei's previous game, this one is great.  Really fun, really interesting and completely different.  Love it!"
,Recommended,457140,33498613,Posted: 13 July,all,› NonFat,"500+ hours into a game that is still alpha.sure there are bugs, and wacky things that shouldn't really happen but still do.but I LOVE this game.It is quirky and fun.  endless hours of enjoymentthe bad things are getting fixed and adjusted, and more is being added all the time. I highly recommend this game"
76561198008282906,Recommended,457140,31829039,Posted: 18 May,all,Minorthreatt,"I've been a bit obsessed with this game for months. It is utterly, UTTERLY worth the money. There is so much you can do with it, and it really scratches that itch for base building, organization, tech, and survival. It's so open ended on how you play it - I've probabley attempted 40 bases, and everyone has been different in one way or another. If you like Rimworld, or Terreria, or Don't Starve, or anything else like those, Oxygen Not Included is a fantastic, growing mix of those and much more."
,Recommended,457140,32936948,Posted: 28 June,all,ArmaniSS,another successful form Klei Entertainmentkeep up the good work
76561198039525025,Recommended,457140,32094170,Posted: 31 May,all,knight4luna,I have been  playing this for a while and i love it ... its a great base for open-ended avetures .. i can see them latter adding in aliens .. natural disasters and other plot hints with out a real story so that you can create your own tails as to why it happened .. .. AND I see them adding love affares between Dupacates with children being added as a drain on resources ..there are so many places this game could go with DLC ... or just adding in more science .. making it balls hard and leaving you feeling like you need to pull out your chem and phs. books . I Love this GAME!
76561198164246397,Recommended,457140,35096805,Posted: 20 September,all,jakethebeest,"i am not the best at this game but i do have a 36 cycle collony so.....yeah this game is good but this is a messige to the develapers. i've played some of your other game (dont starve and dont starve together)  so......where are the world generation options. i dont know...change how munch metel is in the world,algy,plants and so on. this was a huge part of dont starve and i feel in this type of game this is needed. but great game without it...i dont know, im having fun. also small side note for people reading this can you add mods that aren't language packs."
76561198028255235,Recommended,457140,34802147,Posted: 7 September,all,Gilded Reviews,"Oxygen Not Included could turn out to be one of the best base building simulators around. The gameplay is smooth and the user interface is well designed. It is early access, and this does cause some problems, but most issues get patched very quickly. It does have some work to go, and the AI leaves much to be desired.Klei entertainment has a long history with early access and has released some fantastic games in the past. If they keep up that level of dedication with Oxygen Not Included it is sure to be a great game.If you guys want to see a more in-depth First Look at Oxygen Not Included check out my video here:https://youtu.be/dswys-_yqsg"
,Recommended,457140,33190536,Posted: 3 July,all,Gizmo,Great and challenging game. Always on the edge of my seat wondering if i'll have enough Oxygen and food for the next day
76561198341198833,Recommended,457140,34985789,Posted: 15 September,all,Facko,this is a great game! it has lots of stuff to do considering it is in early access and has lots of potential. i would definatly reccommend this game to all pc gamers out there. this is a must have!
,Recommended,457140,31863630,Posted: 20 May,all,.Send,"A space themed dwarf fortress with less micro mannagment. Enjoyable, but not yet a full game. If you simply can't wait then buy, but not as rich an experience as Don't Starve.Edit: Nobody seems to get what I was trying to say so here we go. Last I checked shallow and derivitive but still enjoyable. Was basically a few hours of content with little going on in that time. Am waiting for furthur development. I bought this bc I love the devs and have faith in them."
76561198062845467,Recommended,457140,35426244,Posted: 2 October,all,Martsies,"Awesome additive game and sometimes frustrating game.It has become one of my most played games and I have a hard time putting it asside as I always have new ideas of how to better build my base.For those who like base building simulation, this definitely worth a try.Note that it's still in early access state, so the content is ever changing and evolving.But overall still very polished for an unfinished game.Looks like a simple spacecolony game where you keep your dupes happy and try to survive.Mainly you have to manage food, gas, temperature, stress and recently added health.You don't control any of the dupes directly, but assign different tasks to them and can assign priorities, but if they aren't happy they may defy your orders.A few pros and consPros:+ Good price (for Early Access).+ Lots of content and continuously adding more.+ They have plan and roadmap for future update.+ Regular updates (4 to 6 weeks) bug & balancing patch in between.+ Very active Developers & Community+ Can be played casually, hardcore or tryhard mode.+ Visually pleasing, love the cartoony feel to it+ AddictiveCons:- Too addivtive??!- Currently no ""point"" to the game (but Developers will address this further down), that said still loads of fun.- May get frustrated when your dupes die off as you get attached to them :PDefinitely recommend this game.Get it now before the price goes up (once early access is over)"
,Recommended,457140,32648518,Posted: 22 June,all,Targetdrone,"While this game is still in early access and so the usual warnings about buying stuff in early access apply, this game shows a lot of promise. What is there is actually quite entertaining, and with the promise of more to come, this is definitely a piece to watch out for..."
76561197975176802,Recommended,457140,32799302,Posted: 25 June,all,Clem Fandango,"I have not enjoyed an early access game this much since Minecraft went viral when it was in alpha. it took me a few attempts before I really figured out how to approach things, because even in this early state there is a hell of a lot going on, but it was absolutely worth the effort to figure it out.the more I play this game, the more I love it. it's like Terraria, Don't Starve and The Sims, with the added horror of asphyxiating in the chilling void of space. and of drowning in your own♥♥♥♥♥♥ vomit and stress-induced psychosis.Klei have once again delivered their trademark stylish pathos-drenched survival crafting, in a new and engaging setting, with a base-building and system engineering twist which appeals hugely to me on a number of levels. I really hope they manage to keep the game working as well as it does now; the odd UX rough-edge aside, it's extremely playable as-is and has remarkable depth, I almost fear that adding too much might end up taking away from it."
76561198226440424,Recommended,457140,34469630,Posted: 24 August,all,Ewes Dead,"Bought it for the art style, the game was fun before today, the most recent GUI and art update made it even more fun. Where's it gonna go from here? If you like minions running around and base building this game is fun and challenging."
,Recommended,457140,33009251,Posted: 29 June,all,Anarki,"Another Great Gem from Klei, even at this early stage.What sets it apart from the others is the fact that no two games are the same. It's supposed to be a trial and error experience, and I agree it's not for everyone.Some of us just want to absorb whole games in 30 hours, feel good about themselves for finishing it on ""hard"" and then tell their bros about it. Cool, man!It's been a while since I've played something like this and I've really been trying different simulation games lately but almost all of their content is just.. additions. Add an item, see an item work.However ONI is like.. a developer could just change a parameter and could change the whole freaking game, because it works based on a system. Of course it cointains annoying stuff and need to be finely tuned, but again.. I've seen this game played casualy, I've seen enthusiasts experimenting with crazy ideas that the game doesn't really tell you about.I've never been so eager for updates more than this game. They could just add some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tile or type of pipe and they suddenly create ten more ways to play the game.Now I'm on playthrough number 11, after just quitting 2 times at cycle 500 just because the base did not LOOK the way I wanted. Setting my own goal to create a sustainable base and go for cycle 1000, this is where I'm at and it's a totally different approach.I totally recommend sinking into this but if you don't have a bit of patience or time to put in, this isn't for you really. I mean, you will play it just for the lulz, you'll just say it's pretty good and that's all.Me, however, I'm just obsessed with it."
,Recommended,457140,34467876,Posted: 24 August,all,frankythemanky,"ok so i really love this game, i play it when im feeling mindless and wanna play something simple and fun. That being said im not sure how you feel about redundacy, i personally enjoy doing things over and over and trying to perfect it and do better the next time. The devs are doing really well with updating and adding new content which is awesome, rthis game is worth its price. My only complaint, as im sure its just a bug is that the little people will sometimes get stuck burning resources on something that doesnt need it, like legit theyll dump 30 gallons of water on one algae terrarium untill i set something to a 9 priority, speaking of priority, i feel they should incorperate oxygen and power should have just a higher base priority over digging or research. Well over al its a fun and simple game, good luck"
76561198024054563,Recommended,457140,32757414,Posted: 24 June,all,Sometimes,All three duplicants got their head stuck in the ceiling tile they were building and died 10/10
76561198134072577,Recommended,457140,33532044,Posted: 14 July,all,|g4|skankmachine,kinda hard to understand at first but highly addicting. I would suggest not trying to survive at first just build and find out how things work and what resources are what on the map before trying to really survive.
,Recommended,457140,31824104,Posted: 18 May,all,Deadstuff97,Awesome game works very well!!
76561198007059174,Recommended,457140,35230970,Posted: 26 September,all,Full Tilt Boogie,"This game is Becomming more fleshed out by the update. I dont see why people are so upset. this is not a sneak game this is not a sports game. When you play this game it is about overcomming challenges and learning basic principles of science and management, thats why the devs are adding new challenges and obstacles and some people are crying about it, i do not understand.  Like in my case i wanted a way to Move animals and make a hatch farm. in the Oil upgrade this was added and More.  Players on the fringe should give this game a try. Two thumbs up."
76561197970683732,Not Recommended,457140,31853977,Posted: 19 May,all,W+M1,"Horribly broken still an alpha not a beta product.First screen full of 'missing text string' messages. clicking continue causes a crash with another screen full of missing text string messages.This is alpha, and early alpha at that, quality software very much not beta or fit for early access.Avoid until they sort things out properly.I had to leave crash screen up for 5 minutes so I could post this review. I wonder how many other people had the same problem but were blocked from reporting it?"
,Recommended,457140,31830222,Posted: 18 May,all,TNTFTB,Really good game with interesting chemistry mechanics. Not always 100% realistic... yet! But close enough.
,Recommended,457140,31841222,Posted: 19 May,all,kanderson55,They all died in the carbon dioxide pit.
,Recommended,457140,31841081,Posted: 19 May,all,bloodyharbinger,"140 hours on record as of this writing and the game just came to early access. This is a contender for most hours played in my book and if you enjoy base building games, then it should be a top play as well."
,Recommended,457140,31940758,Posted: 24 May,all,Rev,Dwarf Fortress meets Fallout Shelter meets Dont Starve....in that order.IZ VERY NICE
76561198081414285,Recommended,457140,32328181,Posted: 10 June,all,kaffrienated,"I Love It!Totally worth the buy.(so far)However, and I dont mean to sound like a complaining type of person, it would be cooler if there was a sandbox mode where you have infinite recources. it would help me get used to what things so, and it would be a fun way to play, instead of normal survivla mode."
,Recommended,457140,31944045,Posted: 24 May,all,Jack,"This game is quite challenging but a lot of fun, i love it. I'm waiting for the next updates to bring more action into the game!! I wish there was a tutorial in this game as you just jump into action without anything to tell you what to do!! i just bought it yesterday and i'm having lots of fun although i have not managed to survive that long yet!, I'm happy to get a discount just because i already own the other games from the developer! thanks"
,Recommended,457140,32393588,Posted: 13 June,all,Dan,"Set up computers fast. Destroy Algae first. Make separate spaces for organics. Dont close off spaces, there'll be too much CO2. 11/10 would buy and play again."
,Recommended,457140,31830350,Posted: 18 May,all,KyleKidd,"First Impression Gameplay:https://youtu.be/8lg9WojW2T4Take ""Rimworld"", ""Don't Starve"", and ""This War of Mine"", stick them in a blender, and you'll get a delicious puree called ""Oxygen Not Included.""I really enjoy base building/management type games, and from what I've see so far, ""Oxygen Not Included"" will be a nice addition to my collection.  You start off with 3 ""settlers"" who find themselves transported inside a giant asteroid.  It feels deceptively easy in the beginning, but quickly ramps up in difficulty as resources start to dwindle.I really enjoy the comical art-style, and the soundtrack is great; but where this game really shines is the gameplay.  I really just love how this game plays: from managing oxygen flow, to routing poop pipes, to simply carving out a living quarters.  I can find myself losing many many hours to this.  Even in the current early access state, this game is well worth $20.PROS-Really solid gameplay.  Very fun.-Art-style is attractive and whimsical-Sound track is very good-Gas/Liquid management system works very well and is a unique twist-No performance issues, bugs, glitches, etc-Price feels on pointCONS-Hoping to see more content added into the game-May be a bit of a learning curve to those not familiar to the genre"
,Recommended,457140,31854565,Posted: 19 May,all,No.965,"Very fun colony survival/management game!It was already addicting back in alpha, can't wait to see how the final version turns out!"
,Recommended,457140,32148468,Posted: 3 June,all,Flower ..!..,"Why the heck would you write a review from a trusted company's early access game, complaining that it doesn't have enough content 'YET'?That's like saying this water is bland before it has been turned to soup yet... that's why you don't write a review 'YET'I purchased the game during alpha testing. All I had to eat was lice, and mud pies(dirt and water). Did I like that? Not really, not enough variety of foods. I did not write a review complaining about being able to live off lice. Now they added more foods, and now I can't live off lice unless I water it, keep it in ideal temperature, gas pressure, with correct irrigation system; or it won't give me any seeds to plant more. Now I write a review.I love this game for the innovative liquid and gas piping, filtration and massive recycling for a mini colony because you ain't got sh*t if you don't(literally?). It kind of teaches some concepts in the real world like converting a natural gas to energy for user consumption... So what that you don't know what to do when you reach a certain point; how far can you actually last?Please don't play the game for 30 minutes and think it's too easy, because the first few hours of gameplay on the same save file is easy. After ~100 cycles is when it gets tough."
76561198155475618,Recommended,457140,31940879,Posted: 24 May,all,chasegarland,"This game is a very unique and complex game, unlike those I have seen before. Fallout Shelter is the only game that I have played that is comparable to this game, and is still much less complicated. However, the complexity of this game isn't necessarily bad. It is a big pain trying to figure out what everything does and how to maintain your little colony of dupes, but it gets easier with time to make them survive without much assistance. It is very difficult, but there is indeed a way to make this occur now. I, personally, am over 20 hours in and still can't figure out why my colony is freezing or why the polluted oxygen is now taking over my base. Oxygen is the biggest priority. Sorry, I'm getting carried away. I hope that you will try this game despite its complexity. It is actually really fun."
,Not Recommended,457140,31845348,Posted: 19 May,all,Atlas1205,"At this point, it is linear-to-death, tech tree is somewhat limited, as well.Never touched again after these few hours. I would give it a negative even earlier if this was allowed in that ""pre-alpha"" BS.Seriously, wait for this game to be finished. Before that, go play Rimworld, Sheltered, This War of Mine, or anything else.[expecting triggered fanboys...]"
,Recommended,457140,32477757,Posted: 16 June,all,ZoCo,Preddy gud
76561198004699238,Recommended,457140,35318117,Posted: 29 September,all,Kary,Klei make very good games
,Recommended,457140,31831821,Posted: 18 May,all,Joedaman,"If you want to wake up everyday beyond tired and never get sleep again, buy this game."
76561198200593770,Recommended,457140,34725402,Posted: 3 September,all,Nolymari,"This is a really fun single player game, it is very challenging and it is great for when you want to play a game but there is nobody to play with"
,Recommended,457140,31968129,Posted: 26 May,all,Insolent Fool,"It's Klei, I just bought it without even looking at the game.I'm sure it's going to be great!"
,Recommended,457140,34177046,Posted: 11 August,all,Acapella,I really enjoy this game. Thank you developers.
,Recommended,457140,31827407,Posted: 18 May,all,GreenMohawk,"10/10. This is a great game that truely gets you caught up in your people and their lives. You can spend hours upon hours making you base but eventually, you will have to say goodbye to them. No matter how hard you try you will die."
,Recommended,457140,31828809,Posted: 18 May,all,Spitfire,Funny and deep base-building game with everything you'd expect from Klei -- also suprisingly well-polished for Early Access!
,Recommended,457140,35169586,Posted: 23 September,all,tinybram123,"This game is AMAZING! I bought it yesterday and I already have over 8 hours playtime, even though i dont ""game"" a lot. I have had so much fun playing this and figuring out what to do when specific things happen.If you buy this game, just know that you will die a lot, but still have so much fun doing so.I have not seen many bugs or glitches so far, but that may just be because I haven't gotten super deep into the game.It doesn't lag, and I love the design.Just a tip: try getting attached to your characters if you are in a stable point in time. It adds a whole new aura to the game!"
,Recommended,457140,35188700,Posted: 24 September,all,PixelKind,"Ima just say this up front: all of yall that played Don't Starve, this game is a little bit more forgiving.but when you mess up, and dont manage to fix it, you are forced to watch your colony fall to bits before your eyes like a really really really slow and dramatic train wreck but they were both freight trains that had just been filled with porta-potty sludge.The thing about this game is: you feel emotionally invested in the fates of your small, foolish minions. They are helpless without you. They are SO DAMN CUTE YOU CANT HELP BUT TRY TO KEEP THEM ALIVE AS LONG AS POSSIBLE.The learning curve is also very similar to Don't Stave - while there are help messages, its also a lot less straightforwards. And then for the actual management of everything, it just leaves it to you.So basically, if you enjoy having your confidence asphyxiated, thrown down a deep tunnel, drowned in a makeshift septic tank, eaten by strange pink armadillo turtle monstrosities, or incapacitated in a bed coughing up gunks of slime for four days straight... I'll leave you to this game.If not? run."
76561198112481874,Recommended,457140,32074456,Posted: 30 May,all,TinkleLee,Very fun game. Challenging in a good way. Cute graphics.
76561198117416463,Recommended,457140,32647667,Posted: 22 June,all,DragonMaster,One of the most favorite games ever!!!
,Recommended,457140,31987696,Posted: 26 May,all,Jon Snow,"It might appear that as of late Klei has seeminly developed a fetish towards making games with a central focus towards not starving... but anyways! Oxygen Not Included (I'll be refering to it as ONI), is a colony management game...butIN SPACE!!Personally, I LOVE this game. The art style is adorable, the controls can get clunky sometimes (but it's still in developement so that can be forgiven,) but are overall smooth for the most part. The game starts off with 3 Duplicants (or Dupes) mysteriously appearing on a random astroid in the middle of God knows where, with little aside from a small amount of oxygen, some field rations, and their swiss army knives, er, their Multi-purpose tool guns. It's up to you to task your Dupes to expand their horizons and ensure their survival, by making oxygen producing buildings, using your surrondings to their full potential, building beds for all your Dupes, having paintings of the Dupa Lisa everywhere, and dressing your dupes up in the latest fashion. But you have to watch over their stats; make sure their not too hot, or cold, are they able to breath? Are they getting stressed? You don't want them getting too stressed, otherwise they might destroy vital stuff, or vomit into your clean water supply, or eat all your food, or just curl up into a ball and cry. (Especially the last one) But maybe you do, you monster. Research, make, bake, refine, generate, bake. cry, punch a wall, angry scream while jumping, scaring your fellow members with your eating habits, mediocre marble sculptures, natural gas generators, Pincha Pepperplant,oh my!So! In conclusion, contrarty to popular belief, oxygenis in factincluded, it's just up to you to use it, in whatever way shape or form that may be. :)Edit: It seems like people are going around down voting any and/or all positive reviews, because the amount of positive reviews are MASSIVE, but the ratio between people ""finding the review helpfull"" and not seem to be skewered. Look, this is a great game, I'd reccommend it to anyone and everyone, because it takes long-term strategy and planning in order to raise a successful colony. And if you have a problem with that, then just go back to CS:GO, and leave us nerds be. :)"
,Recommended,457140,34495164,Posted: 25 August,all,Jarazz,"Love this game, everyone is a bunch of complete idiots who are to be laughed upon. However they are incredibly lovable and thus you cannot continue to wish anything bad upon them because of it."
76561197982511248,Recommended,457140,35180912,Posted: 24 September,all,Frater XII Irrumabo,"Love this game, the detail of the fluid systems keeps you thinking mechanically while tending to the physical and mental needs of your Dupes (the poor buggers who do all the lifting). Building your base knowing that one small catastrophe could drag everything into a spiral of chaos and suffering is both satisfying and tense.Klei are very active and release regular updates - this game is already great fun to play and is growing at a fast rate."
,Recommended,457140,32054830,Posted: 29 May,all,Marumaru,"There is no enemies in this game, the only enemy is you........."
76561198034437471,Recommended,457140,35327846,Posted: 30 September,all,William Shatner,"Great Game!  $25.00 well spent for a game I have 300+ hours with, and many more to come!   Terraria meets Rimworld, with a touch of flavour from Don't Starve.  There is really good communication between the Dev's and the players and Klei seems commited to just making it better!  They have another winner on their hands with Oxygen Not Included.  Highley recommended!  =)"
,Recommended,457140,35464133,Posted: 3 October,all,Marclem,"Really enjoy this game, It's simple to play but so enjoyable.I thought I had only played it for about 30 minutes but then realised it was 4 hours later."
76561198026800798,Recommended,457140,33282417,Posted: 5 July,all,Xadhoom,"the idea to try keep ppl alive in unhospital enviroments i guess isnt new, but ONI does it well so far. there is almost always some ""fire"" to put out so i rarely gets boring. but its abit noticable it still in development as there is no real goal yet in the game other then just keep your duplicants alive, but its lucky its fun along the way :)"
,Recommended,457140,32148514,Posted: 3 June,all,Norseman,"I have to recommend this. This game is very well done, specially for an early access game.It's fun. It's challenging. It's beautiful.It's ""Prison Architect"" meets ""Starbound"" meets ""Rimworld""."
76561197985257236,Recommended,457140,32662198,Posted: 22 June,all,Sever,"Delightful game, love Klei's unique graphical stye. This game is still work in progress so has plenty of potential to polish up on the shortcoming and build on content. Looking forward to more updates for this game in the coming months."
,Recommended,457140,32686309,Posted: 23 June,all,Krzysiu Jarzyna,Totally worth.
,Recommended,457140,33232996,Posted: 4 July,all,teddy,A highly recommended game. Fun and interesting. The devs care about their games so much. Don't hesitate to try this!
76561198148254902,Recommended,457140,34860270,Posted: 10 September,all,Diamond Deb,"I've played this game for a little over 8 hours now & I really enjoy it. I feel there is a lot more for me to still learn, which keeps it interesting as well. I look forward to seeing this game develop to its full potential."
,Recommended,457140,32130676,Posted: 2 June,all,Reza Brz,"A very nice colony management, a very deep and nice design, I enjoy sinking hours into this game."
,Recommended,457140,32678142,Posted: 23 June,all,Eni,"I've only been playing Oni for a few days now and honestly, I really enjoy it! I like how autonomous the little people are, and how its just about setting them tasks and them getting on with it, that really appeals to me much more than if I had to micro-manage each one, or set each one to a single job. It's a really straightforward kind of game, and the trick is in learning how to play it better not how to play it well, which again, is great if you like being able to play a game and then advance in it. It's all about surviving for longer periods of time than you did before, and overcoming the challenges that arise as both your colony and their new home grow. It's also about managing, which I do like and again, the form of management is much smoother than micro managing, but at the same time it's very much your creation, which is great.It's definitely challenging, but in a way that's kinda calm and relaxing, so you won't get crazy frustrated like with other games. It's also addictive in that you are continually full of the drive to survive longer, survive better, make more functional bases and learn how to master the plumping, electrical and gas systems. I almost feel like I'm learning! Though I probably still couldn't be a mechanic...I like the aesthetic of the game a lot as well, it's really cute and generally lovely to look at even when you're looking at garbage or death literally coming for your whole colony you can totally enjoy that kinda thing! The sound effects and the soundtrack are brilliant, calming and warm and full of the rich ambiance you want in this kind of game.I would recommend it to others, but at the same time exercise caution because right now the main struggle I have with the game is that there's no real end goal. As far as I know, the only goal is survival, and while that is cool, if I was to compare it to don't starve I would say don't starve feels a lot more full and developed because of the optional story mode where there is a clearer end goal.I think a popular complaint is that it's boring or uninteresting and while I can see where people are coming from, because after the initial set up things can be quite slow and steady, but honestly that's something to enjoy in a different way, once your colony is doing decently, you get to work out how to help them do well! If you're kinda playing it for a calm survival game you'll love it. It's not every day fast paced battle you know? This is a lovely game."
76561198096714235,Recommended,457140,31824748,Posted: 18 May,all,Kyouma,It's a lovely game. On alpha this game already was 10/10. ^^Klei S2
,Recommended,457140,31949825,Posted: 25 May,all,doubledgedboard,Incredibly addictive. Every time I get a semi-sustainable colony Irealize how to build a much better system and so I start over. The skill cap is high and the sustainability micro required is always evolving due to bugs and patches. The most creative and interesting resource management colony game I've ever played.Note my hours played. :)
76561197972238246,Recommended,457140,34498973,Posted: 26 August,all,Mac,Klei games are almost always guaranteed fun and so is this one. I personally like their unique approach at creating games that offer something new in today's vast pit of mediocre games which mostly look and play alike. You have to enjoy them in small doses though.Right now you will get a couple of hours of enjoyment out of it before it gets boring. However once you eventually come back to it in a couple of months they will have added new things that will peak your interest again. All things considered it is definately worth the price.
,Recommended,457140,31825306,Posted: 18 May,all,Nebbyyyyy~,"Very creative game they developed, a lot of stress planing required that keeps me going on non stop for 4 hrs straight.Addiction: Damn high if u keep going with creative ideasFun: TONS unless ur not thinking throughTime Having: BLASTOResearch time for this game: Quite needed at the start, every update requiredChemistry: LOVE DUHCost: Worth the price. No regrets, hell, i will pay more for this.CO2 H20 H2... 15/10 (pH lul) ratings"
,Recommended,457140,32570513,Posted: 19 June,all,Yaoi Senpai,I like this game a lot. The mechanics are amazing. It's easy to understand but very hard to be good at
,Recommended,457140,32997918,Posted: 29 June,all,Cabbage,"This Game is fun and enjoyable, very good if you want to burn a lot of time and work your brain. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,457140,35266328,Posted: 28 September,all,Redbrickguy,"I am very mixed on this game. I really love to play it, but find it incredibly frustrating when you get to a larger base with many duplicants.  It's almost impossbile to balance needs as you progress through to the later stages of the game.I am one for a game that presents a tough challenge - that's half the fun of it - but this seems a bit imbalanced.That being said, the devs are really great at bringing new content, bug fixes and rebalancing into the game pretty frequently.  I'll be keeping my eye on this one and coming back to see where it goes."
,Recommended,457140,32590574,Posted: 20 June,all,Geoff,"I am thoroughly addicted.  I spent 12 hours straight my first play.  This game occupies my dreams and waking thoughts.   Very amusing and challenging,  tons of personality, as you would expect from the creators of Don't Starve.  Can't wait for the game to flesh out some more (there is pleanty to it already, but it doesn seem to be lacking some late-game content)."
,Recommended,457140,34464886,Posted: 24 August,all,Brickfest,There hasn't been a bad game from these guys and I'm certain there won't be one since they are most wonderful people who listen to their community and work hard on adding new stuff.So why do you waste your time reading this review?
76561198199733077,Recommended,457140,32575673,Posted: 19 June,all,Just For Fun,good game
76561197996871553,Recommended,457140,33471656,Posted: 11 July,all,.O.,"It's fun trying to keep your colony alive as long as possible. It's also fun to do science experiments and figure out what works and what doesn't. If you're really good at the current version (I am not) you will probably run out of things to do at one point if you can reach equilibrium and a self sustaining colony. But this game is still in Early Access, so there's still a lot of stuff that needs development. I think it's very promising."
76561197970322781,Recommended,457140,34457984,Posted: 24 August,all,Prayos,"General words:I have played a lot of early access games. After about 130 hours of gameplay I definately recommend this one! Its far beyond the average early access game's quality. It already feels complete in its current state, I did not encounter a single bug so far, it has already a lot of content and there is even a lot more to come.Your first mintes/hours in the game:You will need a couple of games before you can establish a stable, self maintaining colony, because every time you think you're safe something (thus far) unexpected happens. Maintaining power? Your oxygen gets low. Oxygen is ok? You're running out of food. There's always something new. And that's the main motivation of this game: Solving all of the problems which come up in a sufficient way and then, eventually, improve it.Every other colony you start is a bit more well planned from the start, but as soon as you keep satisfying your duplicants' basic needs, the struggle continues. You're now growing enough food and producing oxygen by electrolyzers out of water instead of using algae? Cool. But after several hunded cycles of your machinery running and your colony already reaching an average temperature of 48°C, how the get rid of all the excess emitted heat?After many more hours (still fun):The game reproduces the laws of physics in a very good fashion. While not being too strict and complicated, it lets you experiment with temperatures and aggregate states quite intuitively. My latest achievement was to ""purify"" polluted oxygen by building a machine thats cooling the polluted oxygen below its boiling point (approx. -183°C), thus liquifying it and then slowly raising the temperature again so that it ""boils"" into pure, clean oxygen. Getting this to work took me about 4 -6 hours of planning and testing and that's about a hunded times more complicated than just building an ""air deodorizer"", which is an included simple building that does the same thing. But the satisfaction of seeing your idea working is priceless. ;)10/10- today there will be a new content patch by the way!PS:I dont understand people having 200+ hours complaining about games in general. I mean, 200 hours of fun divided by 22 EUR (for this particular game) is roughly 10 ct per hour of gameplay. Watching a light bulb glow is almost as expensive..."
,Recommended,457140,31828760,Posted: 18 May,all,Master_Criskywalker,Help! A Black-hole ate my game!This is a game I will check again after it leaves Early Access. Klei have always surprised me with great products and this one seems really great!
76561198160056813,Recommended,457140,32130666,Posted: 2 June,all,bfour101,"This game has a hard learning curve, but it is worth it in the end. You will fail many times at the begining but one you get the hang of it, the asteroid is your oyster."
76561198124010098,Recommended,457140,35257021,Posted: 28 September,all,TheBaddestFemale,"Awesome Game!!Can get very stressful though, Once your base starts to grow ...Distribution of power and plumbing is not a strong skill of mineSo things tend to stop working.. then your oxygens like yeah im gone...For new players i think there should be more help as in ""  this stopped working/ this isnt working"" and just give them an idea of what needs to be done to fix it.Anyway i love the game just cant really progress to much before everything hits the fan.Then comes the Outbreak update to make things more complicated..."
76561198062103141,Recommended,457140,35285958,Posted: 29 September,all,Dr Le Quack,"It's a good game. Some times it's very relaxing when u just put the speed to normal and watch your dudes going around doing stuffs. For anyone that is confused for how game move on, it's a part of the game for all of us to find out. First place i don't know how to maintain temperature for trees, how to use water correctly, how to hold the germs down. But after a little digging on the internet, it becomes clearer and easier. As a part of a survival game, i think the Developer can think about put in it some kind of upgrade level for the whole system, like in the old age of empire series, some guns or fire power would be nice for killing giant monsters for the resources. Or, i was thinking about the player can interact with each other in some how, sharing resources, fighting together against monsters or against the other player. That would be more fun. Good job guys for making such a great game."
76561198136971021,Recommended,457140,32059602,Posted: 30 May,all,Cerberean,"This game is incredibly addicting. It's concept is in some ways similar to don't starve, except now you are working with managing a colony and have them survive by gathering food, constantly resupplying oxygen so they don't sufficate and die, and maintaining a warm home to stay in where you have to find ways to keep their stress levels low.Each Duplicate has their own personalities with pros and cons. Pros include Divers Lungs, which a Duplicate can hold their breathe underwater for longer periods of time and also consumes less oxygen in your environment, while that same Duplicates con may be that he is a coward, who refuses to battle monsters, or is a Yokul which means they cannot do research. One of the worst stress reactions from a Duplicate is Binge Eater, they will start over eating if they get too stressed which can be catastrophic for your colony as food is not the easiest thing to come by. Another bad one is Mouth Breather, they take up more oxygen than normal.For being released for just a few months as an Early Access, the game is already fun in it's current state that I can't help but feel excited for whatever future ideas they add to it. Although there isn't much in the game yet in terms of the research tree and ingame features, but that's expected with an early access. I do not regret my purchase. Although it was $5 off, so... yeah. :PNOTE: Unlike Don't Starve Together, this is a single player game. As far as I'm aware, the developers have no intention of including multiplayer feature in the future. (as it wouldn't really make sense with the way the game is designed)"
,Recommended,457140,32939910,Posted: 28 June,all,E.Naismith,Started breathing in toxic farts while asleep. Killed half of workforce. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,457140,34454191,Posted: 24 August,all,StinePlays,"So much fun, with so many opportunities to make goals of your own!I've been addicted for weeks!"
,Recommended,457140,35057688,Posted: 18 September,all,LadyJackKnife,"People are whining about the germ system because they aren't used to it. I've played 10+ games on the new germ system and it's still incredible.If you don't like micromanagement games, maybe don't get a game about micromanagement."
,Recommended,457140,35500482,Posted: 5 October,all,Remy G,"Having played this game since alpha I can say that this is definitely worth your time. Klei is an excellent developer that delivers quality content and their plans and goals for this game are slowly and progressively coming to light. Like any game in early access there's always going to be bugs and crashes and current as of this update there is no tutorial, but the game is very well fleshed out and significantly more deep than you'll expect when you get in game. That predominantly is the biggest disconnect people have with this game. They expect either a casual simulation game which ONI is not, or they misunderstand the game mechanics and get frustrated when there is usually a simple solution to their problem. As the game ramps up in the future toward full release Klei does intend to flesh out a tutorial and make the complexities of the game a little more clear. Being active on the forums or in the fan Discord server really helps figuring out the meta. You can trust that that this game will continue to evolve in complexity and the good ol' quirky humor that comes with a Klei game."
,Recommended,457140,31824403,Posted: 18 May,all,Woof,"Oxygen not included is the next game out of Klei Entertainment most notably known for their game don't starve. as you can expect from these developers although the game is in alpha it is already highly polished and very playable. There are of course some bugs but that is to be expected in alpha. The art and sound design is also very reminiscent of their earlier titles. The game it self is a survival base building game where micro-management and min maxing is key to success. it reminds me greatly of rimworld, however stands on its own as is. I am looking forward to them adding more mechanics to work with, the attention to detail is also very impressive. Full heartedly recommend especially at this price."
76561197961631590,Not Recommended,457140,32095136,Posted: 31 May,all,JM,"There is few good Early access game, and this one is unfortunately not one of them.Don't get me wrong, it's not bad... its just  underdeveloped for now.I'm pretty confident that about Klei that they will make this a good game, but for now it's not worth it."
76561198126649023,Recommended,457140,31928404,Posted: 23 May,all,No_Not_Me,"Very fun game.Not a big fan of the sleep cycle, ashes dashes they all fall down, but it's ok.Reminds me a lot of Craft the World but it's got a panache, a dynamic that tops that genre.Where can I find more seeds Sally!Enjoy"
76561197997819311,Not Recommended,457140,32004669,Posted: 27 May,all,planescaped,"I loved Don't Starve and I like Klei as a developer, but I keep seeing people comparing this game to Rimworld and that is very inaccurate. What makes that game fun isn't in this game and based on what is currently here, possibly never will be.I would describe the game as a side scrolling Don't Starve where you manipulate a group of Wilson's to do things instead of doing them yourself, and I didn't find it particularly enjoyable. It was fun in Don't Starve because I controlled the character and their actions. And it is fun in Rimworld because I can do a whole lot more than just survive.I will keep my eye on the game, as Klei have a proven record with early access. But I can't reccommend it at the moment."
,Recommended,457140,32048328,Posted: 29 May,all,UncleYar,"Nice Dwarf Fortress-inspired game. It already has a lot of interacting systems to master. Currently the challenge is to avoid running out of ressources, which gets harder and harder as you're forced to dig deeper and deeper to find precious water and oxygen-providing materials. You can't ever be self-sufficient and you always have to exhaust more natural resources... interesting analogy to how we handle our resources on earth isn't it.Can't wait to see where they take the game. With such an open-ended game they can't make everyone happy - personally I'd like to see some combat and elaborate traps (think lava in DF) to deal with invaders and some elements of exploration, such as finding ancient ruins, artefacts and/or eldritch horrors underground. I don't think the game needs a linear story, but randomly mysterious stuff that hints at a greater universe would be cool."
76561198141646913,Recommended,457140,32226585,Posted: 6 June,all,AppleMomo,"I got this game recommended to me because I was playing Don't Starve Together, a well-known game by Klei. Since I enjoyed DST that much, I decided to give their new game a try despite reading many negative reviews on the store page. To be honest, I'm not disappointed at all with my purchase.Oxygen not included is a base building game where you start off with 3 dupes in an underground world. To make your colony survive, you need to produce or harvest all the basic resources like oxygen, water and food through digging and building; building restrooms and managing liquid and gaseous wastes; and producing power while managing heat; expanding the base and your labor force while balancing between the size of your colony and the amount of resource available. Additionnally, the poor dupes are constantly working in harsh conditions, their stress can build up fast and you'd want to keep them happy enough to function.There are many details to these systems that can also create dilemmas for you. I.e.: Regular wires overloading, but high-voltage ones can't run through tiles and sabotage your decor. I.e.: Tapping clean water from the steam geyser but your water tank and base are going to heat up. Etc, etc.All in all, the goal of the game is to create and then maintain a functionning (and tricky) balance for your colony by ordering and prioritizing tasks. There are always problems to solve so you'd constantly have things to do.TLDR: Oxygen not included is a very fun and challenging strategy/management game :DPros:- Rather complex strategy and planning game with many systems to consider (Plumbing, electrical, decor, agricultural, etc)- Many more features and updates to come- Cute art- High playability, a lot of room for creativity- Addictive and time killing (Or wasting)Cons:- Trial and error: though it may be possible that you are very successful at your first playthrough, it's not often the case. Expect yourself to make some mistakes, your first colony/colonies may not survive very long- Plumbing and circuiting may be tricky (Got me very frustrated at one point)- I find the background music strange- Pricey?- Can't directly control a dupe, can be very frustrating- Dupes aren't the smartest beings in the universe, they can get stuck somewhere in the dumbest way...Some tips for new players (May contain spoilers)- Choose your dupes carefully, don't blindly look for stats, think about their expectations!- Keep dupes happy, or things are gonna get really messy...- If a dupe is just always upset, kill him/her :D- Find a steam geyser for constant clean water source- Separate your clean from dirty, whether it's gases or liquids or sometimes even solids (eww to those slimes), and try to keep your base clean- Think about sustainability, power sources deplete fast so have the manual source ready- Get those hydrolyzers going!!- Light gases go up (Hydrogen), oxygen stays on top of polluted oxygen, chlorine and CO2 stay at the bottom. Use this information to your advantage.- Despite all my farm tiles I still need that microbe musher for food- Research is quite important for gas/water pumps, decor, combustion, gas permeable tiles, high-voltage wires and HYDROLYZERS- When assigning digging tasks, always assign ladder building tasks too to prevent dupes getting stuck- Keep an eye on notifications"
,Not Recommended,457140,31852833,Posted: 19 May,all,Fusion Zamasu,"Overcomplication does not equal fun.I refunded it, thanks to Manni / Xannim for helping me decide to get my money back and put it towards a fun game, thanks again Manni !"
,Not Recommended,457140,32143596,Posted: 2 June,all,PICKLERIIICK,"Shallow, dull, directionless (no victory-state as of yet) with the only fail-state being soul-cleaving boredom nagging at me to shut down this timesink and not come back.EDIT:After some extremely passive aggressive and, frankly, abjectly childish comments along the lines of ""git gud, son"" on my review due to my supposed lack of credibility to review a management game and how brief my statement was. I've got 500+ hours in Rimworld and several hundred more scattered across other management games in and out of Steam. I don't know what you want from me. I don't think I could even accurately gauge my performance because I have nothing to compare it to. Nothing qualitative happens, my duplicants to a man remain totally unscathed. ONI is just that toothless. All my duplicants have been plodding along in their march towards...I don't even know, the grave? Can they die? Of old age even? They don't strive towards escape, apparently. It says in their marketing that the goal is to ""thrive."" And that's it. No qualification.I may post a full review at some point when I can find the time just to silence the braying plebs, but frankly this game has already wasted my money. It hardly seems worth it to devote a review that would be read by the level of sheeple that have earned this game ""Overwhelmingly Positive.""To respond in a manner appropriate for the internet, I shall meet the mewling children with a comment in kind:Stop playing Farmville in Space, put on your big boy/girl/gender noun pants, and shell out the (currently) $8 extra for RimWorld like an adult would. It's in EA and you would NEVER know it."
76561198084308301,Recommended,457140,31929819,Posted: 23 May,all,egoD,"I hope this game reaches the depth of rimworld, because that would be amazing."
,Recommended,457140,34564938,Posted: 28 August,all,Caylien,i ♥♥♥♥ing love it
,Recommended,457140,32000889,Posted: 27 May,all,Montgomery ☮,KLEI DID IT AGAIN! <3
76561198201440022,Recommended,457140,34618516,Posted: 30 August,all,DestertOne,"It's a survival - base building, but really interesting. You, as the player, are the manager of the whole colony.All the time you havve something todo, so it can be very stressful, but fun. It's a good game overall. =)"
,Recommended,457140,31941290,Posted: 24 May,all,Garnaph,"Fun game, but some of the mechanics seem a bit imbalanced and buggy right now. Frequent crashes as well, but that's to be expected for a game in EA.Keen to see where this game ends up. For now I'm burned out from failing for the 30th time, and need to give it a break :)"
,Recommended,457140,31943087,Posted: 24 May,all,Dikachupe,"Being someone who played Don't Starve and a dedicated fan of Klei Entertainment, my expectations for this were higher than that of an average gamer. I am more than glad that my expectations were sufficiently met with this game. The Duplicants have variety (odd to say since I'm almost sure they're clones), it's well organized, and it also has a form of my favorite concept of Don't Starve, sanity, which is called stress in this game. Hoping that future updates may end us with the ability to have a permanent settlement, and then maybe boss battles?"
76561198018894285,Not Recommended,457140,31957217,Posted: 25 May,all,steeltoon,"This is my grain of salt, played it for a while, refunded it. these are my reasons:Pros:Huge potential: this game is early access so there will definently be more content and variation in the futureActually hard survival: took me a few runs to get a working colonyNo tutorial: i really like the hands off experienceCons:the AI is bad, really bad decision makingRepetition: you pratically only have 1 way of building your colony so that they dont just diedGoal/Purpose: Survival is fun, however you need to have goals/ achievements to keep the players engaged and for them to try harder for each playthroughWay too short for the price: like i feel like i got throught all the available content in 20-25 cycles. i never had to deal with polluted water or chlorine etc would be great if we had more interaction with the environment instead of just having a oh i shouldnt touch that/ i need to get rid of that.GAS GAS GAS : yes the atmosphere mechanics is impressive, however if this is a simulation, that is not how gas moves or mix or seperate that needs to be fixedIn conclusion: this game is fun, but only for like 5-7 runs, you will run out of content within the first 10 hours for that price? i wouldnt buy the game yet,"
,Recommended,457140,32886830,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr Scorbut,Try to play this game without breathing.
76561198162739283,Recommended,457140,34962960,Posted: 14 September,all,thundergold2001,Enjoying the building and maintaining the resources.
,Recommended,457140,35237320,Posted: 27 September,all,Fueg0pants,"A strong 8.5/10, and at $20 it's a steal.As a huge fan of colony manaegement games (Rimworld/Factorio/Gnomoria/DF/etc) I was drawn to this despite having a great dislike for side-scrollers (as opposed to isometric games).. and was pleasently surprised. This game quickly took hours of my time. The air/water fluid-mechanics are what make this game addictive.The mechanics are just realistic enough to be challenging and interesting. It requires a lot of experimentation to figure out the rules, so that you can bend them to your will.Its complicated without being to steep of a learning curve, and the devs have added some awesome new content in the little time I've owned it.Excited to see what all they add and how it changes."
,Recommended,457140,34714740,Posted: 3 September,all,real_cthulhu,"One of my absolute favorite games!The updates introduce fun and new challanges to the gameplay, can't wait to see how it grows!"
76561197987585050,Recommended,457140,34602945,Posted: 30 August,all,Mr.Porc,"Starts simple, grows complex, stays fun!Highly addictif, but yet so calm to play.Easily 8/10"
76561198025002551,Recommended,457140,32131961,Posted: 2 June,all,LeadfootSlim,"A sandcastle is no fun without a tide. Thankfully, ONI has tides aplenty.Many colony builder/sandbox games fail to learn this lesson - including the granddaddy of the genre, Dwarf Fortress. Oxygen Not Included, by contrast, takes its lessons from its older sibling, Don't Starve. Something is always in danger of breaking down or running out, so you never have a shortage of puzzles to solve. For a genre veteran who's grown tired of participation trophies, ONI is already a breath of fresh air."
76561198076733680,Recommended,457140,31947038,Posted: 25 May,all,Prepostersauce,The child of Fallout Shelter and Rimworld. It's brilliant. Klei never fails to impress.
,Recommended,457140,33375762,Posted: 8 July,all,Lynx,"I don't know how I put over 100 hours into this game, but the fact that you can leave it on in the background and just occasionally check back might have something to do with it. Looking forward to when there's an actual endgame."
76561198135123106,Recommended,457140,31827413,Posted: 18 May,all,Banished,"Only thing I didn't like was all the glitches, but it was just an Alpha. Do like the controls, Menus, Challenge, Concept, and Graphics. 5/5"
76561197990494580,Recommended,457140,34496723,Posted: 25 August,all,jaycephus,"Not sure if there's a recent drop in IQ, always a problem with poor duplicant quality, or if someone isn't maintaining oxygen levels at minimum for proper mental function, but the influx of negative reviews is uncalled for, and certainly don't take into account the brand new update.It is a game in flux, but there have been two major updates since I've had it, and some of these reviews are making false statements from their first posting. Water is a finite resource? False. (Even if it were finite, there is a lot of it, and it can be recycled, ice can be melted, etc.)In any case, I recommend watching Let's Play vids on Twitch or YouTube to get a feel for the game if you are on the fence. Also be sure to look at some of the experimental and challenge videos to see what can be done in the game. It is in very active developement and still in Early Access, so I presume there is at least one more major update to come. It's fun as heck as is, has good replayability, and even more potential with what is already known of the plans to come."
76561198047223761,Recommended,457140,34713565,Posted: 3 September,all,draBgnirehtaG,So far from what I have played of ONI it is pretty fun and it can be challenging.
,Recommended,457140,34717739,Posted: 3 September,all,Zenred,"Really loving this game so far. Its in early access but don't let that discourage you, it already has enough features to keep you playing for a long time and Klei is a devloper that works with early access very well."
,Recommended,457140,34632735,Posted: 31 August,all,Eastside Steve,"So far I have been enjoying this game. It runs on a 2D platform sort of like Terraria in a way, except you are building a colony and can offer some complicated designs even in early access. Is it worth the price currently in EA? perhaps not, but I do see great potential for this game as it progresses and updates. Basically if you love building bases and colonies in a 2D environment then I recommend it, plus I have been having fun with it!"
,Recommended,457140,35494974,Posted: 5 October,all,Lil Vamp,"I'm loving how this game is developing, it's such a fun and strategic experience with every new generated world. I hope this game becomes even more fun with every new update"
,Recommended,457140,34521007,Posted: 26 August,all,Private,Really fun game if you like thhe hard micro managment genre
,Recommended,457140,34574264,Posted: 29 August,all,strykalp,"Since the new update came out, my Processor is constantly running on full load (99%-100%) and I dont know why that is.It never was like this before the update or anything. Besides that it is a really good and well designed game that makes alot of fun to play. Even in longer sessions. Especially the new update makes the game even more fun. I can only recommend buying it."
76561198392381342,Recommended,457140,34944931,Posted: 14 September,all,Nararya,This game is great. An engineer /scientist simulator. Extreme resource management.
,Recommended,457140,35211577,Posted: 25 September,all,Wintee44,"I absolutely adore this game!! It makes you think and keeps you one your toes, and can be absolutely infuriating! It's a great stratagy based game were you have to think about what you're doing and in what order you want to do it to get the best base possible for your duplacates! I would recommend this game to anyone, and the cute animation style is a huge plus!"
76561198011789808,Recommended,457140,32567172,Posted: 19 June,all,Dade,Great game
,Recommended,457140,34759920,Posted: 5 September,all,Vander,"Early Access game. A lot of fun. Struggling with Algae.Potential for a good colony management and resource game. Will write a better review on final release.Game seriously needs end-game goals. It's fun, but building for nothing sucks."
76561198079864557,Recommended,457140,34511885,Posted: 26 August,all,Gringochuck,"I'm not good as these games, I never have been; however, Klei is a bunch of badass devs that listen to their fanbase and put out solid products. Ignore the negative reviews for now, buy the game on sale and enjoy. If you dislike the game in its current state, Klei makes sure to take not and fix what people don't like. Fun game, great devs."
76561198006624587,Recommended,457140,31945874,Posted: 24 May,all,jigglestick,Klei is fantastic. This game is fantastic and it is only early access! Expect this to be just as polished as the rest of their catalog.
,Recommended,457140,32125006,Posted: 2 June,all,OWL be damned,"Fun and immersive if you're into creation and building games, HECK YOU EVEN LEARN SCIENCE RELATED THINGS TOO"
76561198037015848,Recommended,457140,32396345,Posted: 13 June,all,Black Сheshir,"For developers:It have many bugs (but it's ok for early access), the biggest one I've encountered was: none stop water adding to ""microbe musher"" - load game solves the problem for some time, but soon the issue comes back.For those who are thinking of buying ""Oxygen Not Included"":Thirst, this is early access. The note bout it is the first thing you'll see running the game =DSecond, it's Klei Entertainment! So the graphics are at a top level. If you like Don't Starve art stile - this game will not dissapoint you.Third, this game have a nice gases phisics (can't say the same about liquids cos all of em are just more like slime goo). I like the detailes bout temperature and hardness of bloks (resorses - metals and minerals).The mane and only minus - this game is HARD!!! Well... What you think it should be to servive in the middle of the asteroid? Still, this game have no much of a ballance right now - it's too chaotic IMHO. I playd about 30 hours and come to the opinon, that even if you'r doing maximum controlled development of the base - you will come to the end of one or enother resource: energy, water, food, oxygen or duplicants' stress. And for now there is rather tough chine of options and actions you should do to play longer in stable state: all this about the a certain sequence of researches. This makes all games much alike, as you get understanding of how core rules of this game works. I hope it'll become more free, a bit easyer and more strategyic then surviving.P.S. This game have a good idea, unique stile (where else you will see a made in 3D print machine guy running in a running wheel to get power for your base?) and realy cool art stile and animation. But - it's early access. Now it's not REALY playeble. Buying it now - helping the developers. If you do - play it and post a overview like me. Maybe - it'll make this game get better sooner ;D"
,Recommended,457140,32609354,Posted: 20 June,all,Twinmold,"This game is beautiful, the devs put a lot of artistic work into every detail. In fact it is so beautiful that I often find myself staring at the tiny moving parts of my many machines, while my facility runs dry of oxygen because I left no airlocks between the main base and a nearby nautral gas geyser. This game involves a lot of oh♥♥♥♥♥♥moments when your electrolyser isn't pupming because the pressurer is too high and all your oxygen is on the other side of the base and it takes 5 airlocks to get there. Once you start getting the hand of things, you start to not make as many mistakes, and start planning the infrastructure and layout of your vital operations before making too many building mistakes. It takes a bit to understand the workings of everything, but when you do it gets a lot more interesting.My advice for anyone starting. Screw up alot. You don't learn anything from not letting everyone die a few times.8/10 even though it is still in early access, the devs are really promising and I have no doubt that they will continue to update this game, long after the release of their next game."
,Recommended,457140,33050952,Posted: 30 June,all,Conspicuous Amphibian,"Easy-Button Not IncludedScore:  9/10I had my doubts walking into this.  25$ was pretty steep for an EA game, and I don't remember having particularly high enjoyment values out of a management game like this one.  All I could think was:  ""This is going to be really simple, isn't it?""WRONG.The simplicity of the visual artstyle is very disarming, and leads you into a false sense of confidence, for underneath lies a complicated cluster♥♥♥♥ of depthful mechanics.A good example is the gas system.  Make sure there's oxygen or you're dead.  Simple, right?WRONG.You have to account for gas pressure, the spread and blockage of oxygen being able to spread due to harmful gasses, infectous gasses, gas density, vaccums, evengeysers and voids.Ok, no big deal, you can learn, right?  Just filter out all the bad stuff, and keep the good stuff pumping in.  Easy as pie...  Right?WRONG.You need electricity to keep the oxygen flowing, to get electricity you need resources, to get resources you need able duplicants, to get able duplicants you need to keep them from stressing, to keep them from stressing they need decorations, to get decorations you need resources, to get resources you need able duplicants, to get able duplicants you need edible foo--HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WE'RE OUT OF FOODAnd this is just dipping your feet into the pool of mechanics, there's a lot more to be discovered here.  However, one of myfavoritethings about this game is the lack of RNG.Other than spawning the world and adding in new duplicants, there is almost no RNG to be found here.  If your colony's dying of suffocation, that's not the game creating a special event that removes x% of oxygen in the area.  Your colony is suffocating/starving/overheating/freezing/dying because at some point in the past,YOU made a mistake.Remember that block you dug out under that water pool?  Well guess what?  The water escaped through the cracks and now everyone is drowning!If you've been looking for a management game that is punishingly difficult while also being entirely fair, buy it.  If you've been looking for a management game that has more than just happy/food/tempurature management, buy it.  If you love learning through trial and error, buy it.The only reason why I'm not giving it a 10/10 is that it's been a while since the last major content update (plenty of hotfixes, don't worry) and it is admittedly quite barebones in some areas of gameplay.  Extremely well done mechanics, but a small lack of actual content.Get this game, seriously."
,Recommended,457140,32581325,Posted: 19 June,all,Tasty Pickles,"another great product from klei!really love the simple and pretty graphics.as if Wilson took a rocket to space and evolved into these little guys!haha.no, that won't happen.OXYGEN NOT INCLUDED1!11!!111~patrickstarapproves"
,Recommended,457140,33027882,Posted: 30 June,all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,"Sleeping in filth in a packed, smelly dorm, because I can't get a decent shower and. This reminds me of my days studying.Seriously though, given that this is Early Access (writing this June) and definitely a work in progress, the dev has a good track record and there's plenty to get wrapped up in, allowing for a decent amount of emergent story development. Although the end game seems to be managing all the different gases and substances and that can get messy.Plenty of promise, although maybe you want to hold off for a while if you have other things to play."
76561198162823263,Recommended,457140,33146271,Posted: 2 July,all,Acidkandy1222,amazing
76561198004174990,Recommended,457140,34168338,Posted: 11 August,all,Chro'Tal,"This is probably the most enticing early access game I bought on steam (and it's been many!).Oxygen not included is certainly very addictive to me, it has this ""one more floor, one more problem to solve"" type of effect.Time will fly by and you will lack sleep. Be warned!tl;dr great game, gettign even better with each update"
76561197973339644,Recommended,457140,34490502,Posted: 25 August,all,decker_,"The newest patch is a great improvement on the game.Needs an end game of sorts, but the jourey has been fun!"
76561198373807635,Recommended,457140,34889844,Posted: 11 September,all,Senpai Daddy,Great Game. Perfect for anyone who likes a challenge on survival and putting blame on your duplicants.
76561198282493548,Recommended,457140,35349511,Posted: 30 September,all,Motorhead,Good way for learning physics and practice it. They should give that game to pupils instead of boring lectures :)
76561198162704281,Recommended,457140,31824290,Posted: 18 May,all,Dagar3,"Such a good game. Really addicting. Hard too, which makes it even better. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,457140,31954877,Posted: 25 May,all,alfblack,I need to uninstall this game soon... IT'S TO DANG ADDICTIVE!!!Recommended if you want to lose hours of your life to this game feeling very surprised that its been 4 hours already!!!
,Recommended,457140,32076363,Posted: 30 May,all,Dente,I'm a Klei fanboy. I bought it. Not disappointed.Pretty much Craft the World with science. Seriously. The same game.
76561197972502429,Recommended,457140,32076534,Posted: 30 May,all,Skelufteay,"This game is so addicting and good.  Even in Alpha, the complexity is enough to keep you captivated.  The bugs are minor (nothing so far has been a glaring game breaker). I am really, really looking forward to updates that let you branch out of the temperate zone and improve food options, etc.  Solid 9/10."
,Recommended,457140,32219851,Posted: 6 June,all,Cypher,"Oxygen Not Included is a management game from Klei, the people who made Don’t Starve and Invisible Inc. It’s best thought of as a cartoony galactic disaster waiting to happen. Much is done in the style of Rimworld but viewed from a side-on angle. Everything happens below the surface of a distant planet, or possibly an asteroid. You have one job. Survive.Gameplay : 7/10 ( Some bugs are still there.)Graphics : 8/10  *Pretty awesome for an indie 2D game.8/10. Would play to kill some time or for some experimentation."
,Recommended,457140,32746987,Posted: 24 June,all,bender00004,I keep restarting this game just to fail again and again.  Pretty enjoyable for EA.  Good developer that I will continue to support.
,Recommended,457140,33820886,Posted: 26 July,all,bobson_,A great game from a great publisher.Even unfinished in early access it is fun and addicting. The fight to keep a group of hapless duplicants alive and the various resources needed to do so in balance has kept  me occupied for days.If you liked Don't Starve then give this a shot.
76561198135631271,Recommended,457140,34874835,Posted: 10 September,all,readerreaper,This is a very fun survival based strategy game that as you play you find better ways to make your colony last longer and keep your people happier. It is a new game with a few bugs and for a new game it is pretty damn good.
,Recommended,457140,35244765,Posted: 27 September,all,witchever82,I really love this game and wish that they were going to put it on IOS devices other than the computer. I do have a suggestion though. There should a tutorial to start that way you know the things you need to do and how to do them.
76561197992405348,Recommended,457140,31830317,Posted: 18 May,all,Brothgar,10/10 You can process your own poop.
76561197989949815,Recommended,457140,31944488,Posted: 24 May,all,PrSmokey,"This Game is awesome . This game is almost better then some $60 games lol. and thats good and sad at the same time. Havent had so much fun with a base builder in a while and this one is not even done yet...Could have fooled me no bugs so far but im only in day 46 and 8 guys in the base.I tell you what this game makes you problem solve like crazy and there is never a dull moment (sorry for spelling) . 3rd time making a base . cuz 1st  time i ran out of oxygen and 2nd time food but you learn from your mistakes and makes your next base even that much better. Well love this game cant wait for it to get some updates. I bought this game and $100 version of injustice 2 on PS4....and im playing this game .....Updated for the outbreak update....Love it.. if u know how to manager your base not one lick of any germs got in my base they also just stay at 20% stress or lower didnt have to build a message table or anything love it. only on cycle 20 or so now ...We NEED SOMETHING TO MAKE SAND THOUGH PLEASE BECUASE IF THE POLLUATED AIR IS NOT GOOD THAT THE ONLY WAY TO CLEAN IT. UNLESS SOMEONE KNOWS a good easier way then sand purifications.  sorry for the spelling...OUTBREAK Review..Been playing this update since the 1st day it rolled out and since another one is coming out very soon. I think this is a great addition does need to be balanced more imo (as far on how fast germs spread, more ways to make or get the MAIN resources a way to make them all sooner or later would be nice) but of course this is early access. The changes and updates have been great they are really making it more user friendly as far as how the resources and stress of your Dupes are managed and how fast they are used up. Since the beggining it seems like reseaources get used up slower which is good since some of them (as of now) can not be made. Sand is still a big issue IMO since its getting used more and u need it to clear ait, water etc. So there needs to be a way to make this somehow now more then ever since clear air is  good air. The slime lung is very annoying but i guess diesases and sickness is like that in real life. No really negative issues with the gameplay  really hope they keep adding more to this game seems endless which is fine with me. That how much fun i have playing this game not really sure what it is but i played this game more then any other on my list. But no really bad issue now with the update (much better balance since they 1st rolled out the update) Keep up the good work and updates this is one of my most favorite games to play. Sorry for the spelling will update once i do the OIL update and a new once rolls out if anyone cares."
,Recommended,457140,31966680,Posted: 25 May,all,jmomo,"From the makers of ""Don't Starve"" comes ""Don't Wizz Yourself, in Space"".I do not recommend you buy the game, yet.It's still in testing/beta. It has problems and isn't done yet. It's playable, but content is missing and it's single player, so you are not going to miss anything if you just wait awhile. I ran into some really frustrating bugs pretty quickly.So far it's looking really good, but I suspect this one could stay in testing/beta for another year or five before it's really done. Look at how long Klei took on Don't Starve and DST.Mark this one on your Wish List and come back in a few years."
76561198013770195,Recommended,457140,32099338,Posted: 31 May,all,dcasez,Amazing early access experience.  Super addicting gameplay.  Love it.
76561198125797421,Recommended,457140,32689969,Posted: 23 June,all,Turel179,"This game is amazing fun, i have put in at least 74 hours into it and it is a must buy, especially if your a fan of past Klei titles. At first it takes some practice and getting used to but once you play a few games it will be much easier.The duplicants are cute with flaws and positives to each one but they become like your little family and as such you want to give them all the essentials they need to survive. The few negatives are the limited amounts of water and food can become an increasing problem as too much work and they stress out and in order to lower it quickly they need a massage which requires power, raising the stress of other duplicants. Oxygen can become a problem as well since untill you get a distiller algae can and will run out but despite all that i have not yet gotten tired or bored of it and am excited to see what future updates will bring. Excellent job Klei!"
76561198012356650,Recommended,457140,32744385,Posted: 24 June,all,LegitRoman,Love the level of difficulty which makes this game challenging.  It's not a simple point and click strategy game.  Makes you really think on how to improve your base structure and flow.
,Recommended,457140,33273022,Posted: 5 July,all,TkBD,Awesome game! Klei has a very good track record and listens to their fan base. I have 100% faith in this game's development.. I can't wait to see future updates.. If you are on the fence.. I bought the game to support the developer since it's in EA. But to each his own. Buy it now and get many hours of enjoyable gameplay or wait till more updates come through. Totally up to you. I feel this is a very good game already and will only be much more improved over the course of future updates..  Klei has some streams with developers on YouTube I suggest watch them and see where the game is heading.
76561198183899122,Recommended,457140,34264670,Posted: 15 August,all,EliteHades,"I really love this game, but there's one thing that makes me not want to play this. The main menu, every time I load the game, it stays a simple black screen of nothingness.EDIT: A simple computer reset fixed it!"
,Recommended,457140,32140352,Posted: 2 June,all,ColossalClock,"hows it going fellas, oxygen not included is a pretty good game you have to do a bunch of things or you will get rekd.  oxygen sure as hell isnt included (hahahah) so yeah its pretty damn good kinda like rimworld in some ways, except when this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥displays the air as blue and breathable but when you hover over that there is no ♥♥♥♥ing oxygen there so you go on thinking everything is fine but then all your colonists start ♥♥♥♥ing dying and you have no idea why because the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥overlay dosent work properly.i give it a 2/3 good game"
76561198047435206,Recommended,457140,33122291,Posted: 2 July,all,yaced,Amazing base builder with a twist. Not for those who like to play perfectly forever - They will die!
76561198310249919,Recommended,457140,33273569,Posted: 5 July,all,[PUG]MaelkMaelk,Cool♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,457140,34141945,Posted: 10 August,all,Oelof,I absolutely love this game.. I mean even for early access I am addicted!!Keep up the great work guys!!
76561198012210749,Recommended,457140,34525954,Posted: 27 August,all,Terroristhawk,"Game sis still in Early Access and many tweaks left to do, do not expect a finished game, be ready to assist in ironing out bugs."
,Recommended,457140,35170453,Posted: 23 September,all,Dr.Aloo Matar ji,The nazi nuke bomb simulator Pvt. Ltd.has cute graphics..? check.has good management system..? checkhas cool people..? check.is in space..? check.took my goddam sleep for whole nigit and i realise i need to freshup before going to office..? check.is it survival..? i mean.. me survive to play this game.?  ok.. check.me need to think about my life..? well... check.me still playing this goddam game eve though i have case studies to do..? hell.. check.me still playing this game while reverting back to privous cycles in the game cauz i phakkeditup big time..? check.does the game offers you a chance to be a real human being in real life or make u get phakked in this game..? check.does this game makes u feel uncomfortable..? [ _/\_ ] no wonder on earth can show me this type of hell. check.does this game makes u retard af..? check.does this game makes u learn management at its peaks..? super check.does this game makes u go nutz..? check [ x1000 * every second of my life ]note -what r u doing here..?u want a review right..?dont give a damn about other reviews man..just try it for urself.. and if u r not satisfied.. just damn refund it right..? like.. u have that refund button right..? hit it...thats what i did... this game made me go nutz and i hit refund by saving my MB over YT reviews to actually buy this nuke bomb.
,Recommended,457140,34819491,Posted: 8 September,all,Commandelicious,"I played it twice so far. After playing it for ten hours straight at the first start I decided to start a let's play. Usually I have to stop after 6 to 7 hours sessions. I recorded ONI straight for eleven.I thought RimWorld is as best as it gets considering colony simulations but I was wrong. If you love to fight ONI you probably are better of with RimWorld but man is ONI good.I can't stop playing this. And the dudes and dudettes are so damn cute. The machines look awesome, the air and water effects are great ....If colonies are a thing you like to manage and expand: Buy this."
76561198004922978,Recommended,457140,34823729,Posted: 8 September,all,TattooJerry,I am amazed. Still in alpha this is one of the best games I have played in years. Can't wait to see what it looks like in the final release!
76561198322987930,Recommended,457140,35500546,Posted: 5 October,all,Brainless Dunce,"So far the game is very very realistic to what life could be like in the middle of an asteroid. At the start when i first started playing, well to put it frank i couldnt stop. I have to admit there is a wall where the content stops. But they do release frequent updates adding new content like the oil update. Plus when u hit that wall or get bored I suggest enabling debug mode so you can mess around with the mechanics of the game and test out stuffs.Other than that i would give this game a 5 out of 5, my fav game so far on the steam market or anywhere, KEEP GOING WITH THE UPDATESSomething i would like to see in the future is an infinite world and mabye like hidden story peices as to where you are or how u got there. Not a story line but just something that gives you a goal besides survive. Also I know this probly wont happen but i think down the road if klei reads this that would be awesome!"
,Recommended,457140,34826547,Posted: 8 September,all,SirThompson,"For the state its in this game is alot of fun, looking forward to the updates and added content and i assume they will work on fluid dynamics"
76561198357435892,Recommended,457140,35092931,Posted: 20 September,all,Pop Pop!,"This is pretty good so far. It's a game about tryign to make your colony live and survive, and makes it a challenge, which is a good thing. You gotta make sure everything is up and going, ranging from power to food, and most importantly making sure there is oxygen. I'd definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,457140,34825071,Posted: 8 September,all,epilogue1212,"This is one of my favorites. Great simulation with consistent development from a company that actually cares about feedback. If you like builders and sims, this one is for you. But be ready to fail multiple times before you get it and remember that as an early access, more is to come."
,Recommended,457140,32742801,Posted: 24 June,all,Kojent,This has a lot more depth than you would suspect based on looks alone. Lots of mechanics and subsytems. Definitely give it a try.
,Recommended,457140,33217611,Posted: 3 July,all,Nickaka,Extremely entertaining and surprisingly smart. Great early access game and looking forward to updates.
76561198316829627,Recommended,457140,32708370,Posted: 23 June,all,VernaB,A very complex game that uses ALL the survival aspects out there! Has many environmental and physic aspects within the game making every move you make your characters do critical and thought out. Every action has a short term and long term affect in the game making this a hard at first. But surely after many trials and errors you can finally sustain the a suitable habitat for your cute lil workers. I would recommend this game for those of you who enjoy critical thinking/complex games in which every move affects the outcome of your game. Hope for a multi-player in the future because it sure is hard thinking alone on matters that may kill off my whole colony or save them.
,Recommended,457140,32747738,Posted: 24 June,all,Key of Flames,This game is really fun and the people are surprisingly resistant really fun
,Recommended,457140,34171902,Posted: 11 August,all,Asterix,"A unique and excellent game, pretty tough to master though :)"
,Recommended,457140,34494389,Posted: 25 August,all,NickyNick,"9/10 game, simple as that"
,Recommended,457140,35479292,Posted: 4 October,all,S3RRAPH,I rarely play games more than 4-5 hours total and have put 20 in at the time of writing. The game is very chalenging yet remains fun and engaging. The devs are currently supporting the game well and are still listining to players for feedback.overall is a very good micro managment sim.
76561198042939718,Recommended,457140,31965069,Posted: 25 May,all,RayKirk,"This is a beautiful game. You can certainly feel the Dont Starve Together vibe from this. As an early access game, this was actually well put together. I'm sure there is much more to come for this game and I can't wait to watch this game progress. It is certainly worth it's current price, has a bit of a learning curve, but offers a great experience."
76561197996142467,Recommended,457140,32161130,Posted: 3 June,all,Danger Boy,"tl;drGame is fun, challenging, and sometimes stressful. Game still new and doesn't have a lot to do but has a lot of potential.Physics and micro-managing based. Have to plan  base layout/gas(environment)/food/health/water. Art style is fun and characters are cute.************Game looks great and is fun but hard. I had to start over constantly because I'm either starving, out of oxygen/water, disease, build my base wrong, etc... but this wasn't suppose to be easy... if it wasn't challenging then it wouldn't be survival, right? It's nice having duplicants(workers) having random stats but the dumb thing is to have stats that you can't even use... fix this please :PDo I recommend this game? Yes... but don't expect a whole lot since it is early access. Game has lots of potential... think of it like Starbound/Fallout Shelter but on a timer... do what you need to survive or die."
76561198212605888,Recommended,457140,32537539,Posted: 18 June,all,jessbrooke,"It has all the Klei charm of seeing cute cartoony people going through slapstick, but I really would like the ability to generate different world sizes and more plants and animals, a lot more. This game would go from Good to Great right there if there was many different kinds of life forms and if it had a greater variety of different meteors to dig around inside of (Rocky, Icy, Lots of Gas, Lots of Liquids etc.), it would get even better.Face it, the next game they will release, Griftlands, is much more likely to find a dedicated following, but Oxygen is a good starting point for them to break into science fiction, with its unglamorous feel and surprisingly well-thought out liquids, gases and rocks. Like Don't Starve, there are solid mechanics and a bit of dark humor and unlike Don't Starve Together you don't have to deal with the players ruining an otherwise good game because its not multiplayer. Its basic gameplay reminds me of former favorite Craft the World (Former because I took it down to make room for this game.)while being a good deal tricker to deal with in the long run becuase the colonists have the normal human reactions to hunger, cold, wet feet and a lot of other things.Right now, there is only one serious flaw, namely that there are not a lot of the more dignified sort of ways for your colony to go sour. Adding more lifeforms means there are monsters to threaten, adding cave-ins as a sort of random hazard would be great too. Generally, the physological resiliance of Duplicants is a perk, but I do want there to be some sort of life-or-death situation just to vary up the gameplay. That is the only major issue I've seen so far, and I've spotted no bugs at all."
,Recommended,457140,32624749,Posted: 21 June,all,Mimi,This game has taught me about chemistry and biology more than school did !
,Recommended,457140,33122454,Posted: 2 July,all,MrVengeance141,"Started watching videos on youtube about this game, and really wanted it. I got it and it didnt dissappoint. It can be tricky to start with managing the gases and food situations, but once you have a stable colony, it is so enjoyable. Cant wait to see how the devs will improve this game!"
76561198076354008,Recommended,457140,34451751,Posted: 23 August,all,KidWobble,So much love for ONI. Just keeps getting better!
76561198149538094,Recommended,457140,34850618,Posted: 9 September,all,Vaska,"i really enjoy this game, honostly one of the best base building games makes you think about the consecances thank can happen to you. doing something wrong can ruin every thing wich means start over. fun expirence. while it's is still in alphai do feel it the reserch tree is really small for me, the setup of a custom game is not the best since it does only has to thing that only effect the duplicant, i feel like you should be able to custumize the size, amount of an item, and amount of enemies.thank you, vasea"
,Recommended,457140,35235159,Posted: 26 September,all,Freelancer Beta,"Let's get real, If you like sim games at all. You need this game! I have sunk countless hours into this game and it is one of the best indies to come out since minecraft 1.0."
76561198007867706,Recommended,457140,31962393,Posted: 25 May,all,StupidDupes,"This game tickles the engineer I always wanted to be...Highly recommended. I already wasted 130 hours (almost no sleep) and not even a week has passed since I picked this gem.  I need a vacation to play this game.  I have colony designs in my dreams.When you find yourself stressing over and over about how much algae you got left or the other crises this game throws at you AND you keep coming back for more, just AMAZING...WARNING! VERY ADDICTIVE!"
,Recommended,457140,32000773,Posted: 27 May,all,ExtroseGamer,"An excellent Early Access game, well worth the money spent. Highly addictive and fun to play as well as being complex in it's own right."
76561198275962386,Recommended,457140,32550291,Posted: 18 June,all,Count Swagula,"Hilarious game, thats really fun and easy to pick up if youve had minor experience with survival/strategy games before. Highly recommend you grab it."
,Recommended,457140,33288897,Posted: 5 July,all,pasta that foams at the mouth,"Do yourself a favor and add some funds to your steam account. Then, buy this game. I am very Pleased with and kind of addicted to this game. 10/10"
76561197966628956,Recommended,457140,34472825,Posted: 24 August,all,Monk,"this game is really really good , immense depth --extreme fun- would say this is a keeperif you like games that have managenment this is for you , reminds me of Rimworld"
,Recommended,457140,32132634,Posted: 2 June,all,Captain Morgan,Not a lot of depth YET but still very fun and fantastic graphics. I keep starting new games. Updates seem frequent. Definitely recommend if you like base building.
,Recommended,457140,32551831,Posted: 18 June,all,saunika,"Another solid survival game from Klei. This is one of those games that seems a little daunting at first but quickly becomes addicting as you try and try again to learn from your last colony's mistakes. If you've never played these kind's of games (RimWorld, Don't Starve, etc) this might not seem fun right off the bat, but it seems like it would be a good game to get into the genre.Even though its still in alpha, it already gave me a solid 15+ hours of gameplay. I've stopped for now until they add more features in their next big update. I see a ton of potential for this game, similar to how Don't Starve progressed over time to become one of the best survival games of all time."
,Recommended,457140,32742553,Posted: 24 June,all,murphy_slaw,"This is a Klei game, so of course it's cartoony and gorgeous.So far it plays like a Dwarf  Fortress / RimWorld style sim, with the main differentiators being the 2D side-view perspective and the strong focus on fluid mechanics. As the name implies, oxygen is your primary resource constraint, followed closely by food. Gas mechanics mean that you have to pay attention to the placement of your oxygen generators - if you're not careful all of the good air will float to the top of your cave system and your little Duplicants will end up sucking carbon dioxide - or worse. Water pipes and pumps let you slosh liquids around and deal with one of the other innovations - sewage.In its current form, all of the main systems appear to be in place but there is a lot of tuning to be done before it has the balance and challenge I expect from a colony sim. The stress mechanics don't feel quite right yet - duplicants will put up with horrible conditions for far too long and then snap suddenly. The tech tree feels very coarse and can be completed too quickly. There are no external disasters or raids that I have encountered so far. In general, poorly conceived colonies tend to limp along for a long time instead of going into a downward spiral of Fun. I assume the devs' attention will be turning to this sort of tuning soon as they get the main systems nailed down.As it stands, there are the bones of an interesting game here. Buy into the Early Access if you want to watch it develop, but don't expect it to hold your attention for a long time except as a sort of digital ant colony."
,Recommended,457140,33536392,Posted: 14 July,all,mrmmeow,"Highly addictive sim-sandbox-survival game with lots of neat features interesting to try on your own.In its essence, this is a clone of the old Diggles/Wiggles game, with pseudo3D removed and with less bugs.Very interesting to follow the updates of the content, which seems to give infinite opportunities for future development."
,Recommended,457140,33546101,Posted: 14 July,all,Desperado,"It’s funny and challenging also addicting too. Good for who likes space and base building games. It has so lovely graphics. It makes you think and find solutions when things didn’t work as you planned so it’s good for your brain. It needs improvements but it’s still early access. A week ago, I was thinking about wish i can play this outside when I was not in home. Now they added OS X access too. I'm glad for that. Pretty good."
,Recommended,457140,33550072,Posted: 14 July,all,babby formed,"I really believe in this game and look forward to its development and seeing it evolve into something spectacular. There are bugs and certain systems need to be improved, and the tech tree needs drastic expansion of items to the level of Craft the World.I support the game and developer."
,Recommended,457140,33924543,Posted: 31 July,all,iMonters,"I've been playing this on/off for some months now. I build, fail, learn from my mistakes. However, I'm not too fussed when my base fails, because there's a certain satisfaction from building a base from scratch and redesigning it.I've lost nearly 60hrs of my life to this game so far, and the game isn't yet finished. There isn't much of a tutorial at the moment, so if you want to get a good understanding of the game before you jump in, you will find a load of YouTube videos that should help."
76561198397494936,Recommended,457140,34255675,Posted: 15 August,all,xxscooterxxlm,Great game spent many hours on it. Will spend many many more.I am eagerly waiting for the update comming. Little tired of the dupes delivering water they dont need to do.Very challenging. But even my 7 year old enjoys it with a little help and rreminders so the dupes have food.
,Recommended,457140,35336661,Posted: 30 September,all,[Night Wind] BonnX™ [HUN],For the OIL Upgrade: My colony forget how to eat on 24 cyrcle next to the fridge so i think they are just dumb or it is a bug.(oh and i had 2 full packed fridge and both had power)But i still enjoy the game and i recommend to everyone to play!
,Recommended,457140,32795728,Posted: 25 June,all,carticket,"I highly recommend this game, though I think currently (June 2017) it's a game that you can wait to play.If you've played Don't Starve, this has a similar art style and feel to the game, which makes a lot of sense coming from the same developer.As a sandbox survival basebuilder, it plays pretty well. You have a number of challenges built into the game to overcome as your base expands. The challenges become fairly complicated as the game goes and your population grows. I feel currently that you are kind of forced into only a few solutions to the challenges late game, which partially comes from getting the game balance right, and partially comes from adding content (which they have been doing).This review may sound a little mixed, but it's not. As I said, I highly recommend this game. The caveat is that if you buy it now, you get the game with the review as I wrote it. Six months from now, I'm pretty sure my review will have changed completely (for the better). So, I don't think there's a need to rush into buying this game (though, if you see it on sale, I'd snap it up, because even now it is worth the $20), but if you buy it now, I don't think you'll regret it."
,Recommended,457140,32860138,Posted: 27 June,all,sdevon299,Its a really fun game. But watch the time because you could end up playing for a long time. But on the other note I love everthing about the game. The fact that it challenging and fun. And the duplicants are my favorite part. The one part I find weird is the outhouse. Because evertime I place an outhouse the gauge on it doen't work. But other than that I highly recomend the game to everyone young and old.
,Recommended,457140,32925175,Posted: 28 June,all,Greaves,"Quite polished and fun even in it's unfinished state. I've played just over 30 hours and will play a lot more of it after some big patches, and ofcourse when it leaves early access."
,Recommended,457140,33291685,Posted: 5 July,all,panzershnerf3,"It's a great game, played over 24 hours already and the fun never stopped. It may seem difficult at some points, but that's just all part of the fun!"
76561198127547917,Recommended,457140,31893843,Posted: 21 May,all,CptKittenwolf,"This is a pretty good game, but it takes some getting used to. This game seems pretty developed, even if it's still in Beta, and pressing pause (space) and surveying the land around your spawnpoint really helps! Oxygen Not Included was confusing at the start of my gameplay, but as time went on I started learning and learning, not including the research aspect of it! This game is really fun if you like managing resources and cool character animations with a little bit of complex piping and power wiring. Pro-Tip: For Priority setting, 1 is the lowest and 9 is the highest. I didn't know that until my fourth world. Suggestion: The devs should really add more algae spawns in the starting area. All of my worlds have had at most 30 pieces of algae. I'd have to get a Bio Distiller which ishard to get to produce a decent amount of oxygen.(Probably why this game is called Oxygen Not Included)"
76561197993449517,Recommended,457140,32079302,Posted: 30 May,all,En9a9e,"One of, if not, the best colony management game I have played. Feels like a mix of Rimworld (with way better graphics) and Fallout Shelter (with way more interesting environments and building layouts). That's not meant as a slight on either of those mentioned games, I've had a bunch of fun with both, but it's high praise for ONI which I have enjoyed immensely more! The 2D side scroll setting of the game is more contained like that of Fallout Shelter, yet the maps/environments themselves seem much larger and are way more resource intensive, like Terraria. Your sims find themselves trapped in an air pocket in the middle of an asteroid, having been flung into it through a mysterious portal. With great fervour they will attempt to follow your guiding hand, leading them through harsh early survival periods into the possibility of a new comical, yet utopic and self sustaining, colony of misfits -or- probably not. Because the high likelihood of abject failure is even more comical in the most disheartening of waysIn terms of the devs previous games, the gothic, Tim Burton, style of Don't Starve didn't really appeal to me so I never got around to trying it, even though I enjoy survival games. I can't compare them, but I know Don't Starve received very high praise and a loyal fan base for the devs at Klei. I tried Inivisible Inc. and it had a lot of great parts but I couldnt get into a turn based game that was rather pushy in it's gameplay. ONI on the otherhand will get plenty of attention. I really love the whimsical steam punk art style. Its slightly muted tones serve it well. Its cartoony but beautifuly realized. The environment, object, creature, and duplicant (sims) animations are also excellent. The duplicants are hilarious and a blast to just sit back and watch while they go about trying to mitigate stress, hunger, injuries, hygiene needs, etc.Briefly touching on gameplay, it is very involved and interesting. There is however very little to guide you as far as in-game help on your first few tries. You will likely start over many times getting used to the mechanics of the game and having ""just one more go"" at creating that more efficient colony which will let you explore further out into uncharted territory, resources, and creatures. That is, of course, one of the great things most folks enjoy about good colony management games in procedurally generated worlds. Restarting to learn from your past failures, then building and improving upon your knowledge and succesful strategies is fun to keep trying while adapting to randomly generated maps. This game is great in that regard despite being skimpy on tutorial material. Whether more tutorial elements come later in early access or not, they seem to have found a pretty good sweet spot overall, with gameplay being quite tough but not brutally so.Lastly, one of the highly unique aspects of this game is how closely you must manage various gases and liquids (most importantly oxygen, of course) via piping and filtration systems as well as other tech upgrades. This sounded rather boring to me when I first looked at getting the game, but it actually makes for a better play experience as it fits the setting of the game so well. It challenges you to think critically and plan ahead while you'll likely be stifling both dismay and giggling fits as duplicants contend with your failed attempts. It gives the cartoony sci-fi vibe a realisitc grounding and lends a lot of weight to your decisions. May even be quite educational as well!TLDR: If you enjoy colony management games, even though it's early access and oxygen isnt included, breathe easy in deciding to get this one!Strengths:- Art style and animations. Beautiful, cartoony, and outstanding!- Duplicants (sims) are a big strength of the game. Unique, hilarious, and so fun to monitor!- Resource variety is great. (liquids and gases make it even more interesting)- Initial gameplay and management mechanics seem pretty tight overall. Very positive for early access.- Pathfinding has been largely hiccup free.- Very solid core game from which to build on as early access moves forward.- The game has run very stable for me.- Replay value is excellent.Weaknesses:- Soundtrack is ok but very ordinary, I feel the game could reach it's greatest of heights with a unique techno score (Paging Alan Walker)- Aside from briefly enduring bad traits like flatulence, interpersonal interactions between duplicants seem non existent. I'm not expecting Rimworld intensity here, but even more endearing comedic value could be had if this was given some more love. Tripping over each other on occasion, silly greetings in passing, etc.- Current Tech Tree is useful and decent, but quickly played through once you know what you are doing. Looking forward to seeing a more expanded list and progression curve in future playthroughs.- Needs a few more exotic and weird creatures rummaging about in the terrain, even if just for fluff or show. The staples that are currently in are great though.- Duplicant build range limitations are described in early tips, but it'd still be nice to see more apparent visual cues on the affected items or blocks...instead of relying on the hover descriptors- Deconstruction can get a bit wonky sometimes. Duplicants following a strict start to finish sequence based on users mouse drag direction would largely solve this I think. That instead of the current ""all pile on different points, peice meal"" operation- Tutorials/tips are extremely lite atm, which can be good or bad depending on how you like to approach these types of games. With odd looking pockets of different liquids and gases scattered around, fairly close by the start portal, the early game confusion is probably going to be a lot higher than usual for new players. Nothing a good guide or youtube video cant solve, but I tend to like figuring things out myself with what the game provides.Note: As you can tell, many of the weaknesses are very minor and most will likely be taken care of or improved on greatly as the game moves through early access. They are some faults I find in the current snapshot of the game and at no point did any of them make me regret getting the game or take away from the fun of playing."
76561198045720333,Recommended,457140,32079644,Posted: 31 May,all,Vozz,"I like base building and simulation games, the 2D ones I want to love but never do as much as something 3D ones usually. Oxegyn Not Included is finally an exception.Klei has done a great job of making a sci fi 'Don't Starve' base builder management game. I say Don't Starve as in I didn't realise it was by the same developer at first, but the 2D art and sound design made it very apparent it was. I'd say this is actually considerably better than the Don't Starve art, definitely an improvement.Game is interesting, relatively simple to begin with, and has a lot of content. Very playable for many hours already in early access so I hope to see what stuff they make later on when it's closer to completion."
,Recommended,457140,32568780,Posted: 19 June,all,Czarisyn,Its like Don't Starve and RimWorld fused together.It's even in Pre-Alpha and its more stable than most released games to date.Definately worth the price.
76561197991942581,Recommended,457140,32593974,Posted: 20 June,all,truemore,"This was a great find. I know it is not complete, but even in its current state the game is good. I can see they have a million ways they could make this game even better over time. It reminds me of a Terraria or FTL where the game just keeps getting better year after year.ALSO IT IS MAJORLY ADDICTIVE. Buyer beware!"
,Recommended,457140,32717512,Posted: 24 June,all,FaalFaazDov,"I absolutely love this game, however, I have found that priorities are a little bizarre, as sometimes dupes ignore high priority tasks in favor of lower priority tasks."
,Recommended,457140,31830928,Posted: 18 May,all,Bubba,"Overwhelming at times but that is how it is supposed to be and that's okay. This game does a good job at keeping you busy because as soon as you think you have your colony under control everything turns against you instantaneously. A lot of multitasking is involved and a lot of creativity is needed to properly build an environment that can sustain your colony for as long as possible. While I think there are many glitches and balancing issues that need to be fixed, I sincerely think that for a now Alpha game it could be released as a full game and people would still buy it rightfully. To me, this is better than most early access games that successfully made it into official release. There is so much to do, so much to take care of, and it is a different surivival experience everytime you play. Take care of your colony, and your colony will take care of you."
76561198081036083,Recommended,457140,34940111,Posted: 13 September,all,MortimerTheCat,It's Good
76561198049299573,Recommended,457140,35229367,Posted: 26 September,all,Gaming Racsal,Really fun game in my view having to manage every little aspect trying to get your duplicants to survive for as long as possible. I am enjoying the new update with the outbreak as I had a nice enough Base going surviving very well and then by cycle 60 due to my own mistake of telling my duplicants to stop disinfecting a bit of wall a small virus infected one and them another. By the end if cycle 62 every one was dead with the last dying of starvation. Overall a really good fun game only one issue it seems with me that sometimes when I load a save the piping says it's blocked and the toilets and carbon dioxideser all stop working and no matter what I do it all stays blocked.
76561197971371236,Recommended,457140,32711255,Posted: 23 June,all,Instigator,Its like looking at a ant farm of impending doom and farts.
76561197970505214,Recommended,457140,32957837,Posted: 28 June,all,Pontiac Jones,"Craft the World and Rimworld had a baby and this is the result.  Real consequences if you don't manage your resources well enough will result in a colony dying of attrition.  ONI might be early access, but there is a lot here to delve into and tweak, even if there are clearly components missing.  There is at least 20 hours of content currently though you might get more out of it if you like the formula.If there are any devs that can be trusted to complete a game Klei is probably one of the few."
76561197997332453,Recommended,457140,33108887,Posted: 1 July,all,=BAD=CorruptGIJoe,Like all other Klei games you  can't go wrong with a purchase of Oxygen Not Included.
76561198404425318,Recommended,457140,35499805,Posted: 5 October,all,RozePetall,Loving the game. Obviously it's not perfect but it's still early access and they update it cosistently. I hope it contiues to get better.
76561198042265237,Not Recommended,457140,31989688,Posted: 26 May,all,Marciellus,"I understand well that this is a fresh game, still early access and what not, but I find myself extremely dissatisfied. You start the game rather simply gathering food, materials and constructs for power generation early on. Eventually the rocks that provide you oxygen run out and you're on your own to figure out the oxygen crisis from that pount forward.Don't forget to maintain your Duplicants Happiness because if you fail to do so and you don't catch it, they begin to set off an unreal chain reaction depending on their personality. Some are cryers, some are stress vomiters, and my favorites are the angry ones. The cryers create large pools of water which is useful if you can corral them to cry where your water suply is, but the puddles have an irritating spammed effect and I'll touch on that in a bit. The vomiters puke up massive puddles of toxic/poisoned water. I get that they may throw up continually, but it's quite rediculous, eating on average twice a day no single food item in the game has a volume exceeding a square comparing to how each block is handled, but when they puke they are able to fill more than a 3x3 area (5x5 walls) completely with puke enough to swim in it if they are distressed long enough.That is a massive set back since the puddles are filthy, maybe they are equivalent to player puddles, but it's Insane. this happened to me, I had my stress vomiter guy throw all up over the place, ordered my units to mop it up and everyone walked through it to do so getting the debuffs for filthy and wet boots so on so fourth, I had someone take a shower which took over a minute on the slowest speed, then walk through the muk again only to pick up a single item before showering again.That's not even the worst part!! you have the Violent sims who lose it when they reach their limit. They woosah quite a bit to flag the inpending tantrum and when it hits they destroy what ever they can get their hands on, and it's never useless stuff they seem to go for batteries, blocks supporting other blocks and generators in that order.Fun trick though, you can toggle Alarm over and over to disrupt the tantrum effects, so @devs you might wanna fix that because that's quite exploitable. It does come at the cost of adhering your sims as they are completing tasks, but it's still better than the ladder. CO2; what was supposed to be the biggest detriment is honestly the most fair thing in this entire game it is heavier than other gasses and is easy to moderate because of that. I thought poison gas was ok to deal with until someone got spores from walking through it.I'm sure most people who are new and starting out will have a hard time juggling the gasses, I eventually managed to get self sustaining and started to venture out away from the start but still, it's absolutely crazy to have to deal with the madness of juggling the gasses. I eventually got the hang of it but there is literally too much going on,This game feels like i'm playing ranked in a MOBA or a FPS or moreso a Roguelike where as my next mistake may cost me the whole game. It really needs to get toned down in such a way that it's easier to get into and casually play. It punishes you quite harshly if you don't remedy the problems that happen when managing your group. and the longer you go without fixing the problem the worse it gets.I've played countless other sim based games and this game has amazing potential. But the state it's currently in I woudln't reccomend it to someone who hasn't played sim based games before or isin't willing to start over until they get it right. I already understand this game is early alpha and came out last week, I'll probably still play it, but most likely when it's more balanced."
76561198074252286,Recommended,457140,31933383,Posted: 24 May,all,Tortoise1010,"Over 100+ hours of gameplay even before it is in the Alpha stages of the game. (I'm not stopping there..)That is how you know when a game is only going to get better. Another great game from Klei. Knowing the developers the game will keep getting better, just when you think it is getting stale, BAM!! another update, another challenge comes along the way.+Great concept (like an ant-colony but in SPACE!)+Great mechanics (like temperature, condensation, air flow and density etc.)+""Challenging"" is an understatement+Great artstyle+Never gets old+Great support from Klei-Your colony will die alot (poor duplicants)-Can get overwhelming at first but learning comes easy.What more can I say? Just buy the game. You won't regret it. 10/10 in my book."
76561198005861038,Recommended,457140,31862552,Posted: 20 May,all,agard.o,Best oxygen simulator ever
,Not Recommended,457140,31855643,Posted: 20 May,all,Traces,First game EVER to not run on my Computer. PC easily meets the requirements. VC++ runtime error and it suggests to install it. It is installed. Won´t run anyway. Crapcode get off my machine!
76561197984039108,Recommended,457140,31877190,Posted: 21 May,all,Dreiraben,Altough it is an early alpha it is allready a great game. The first 20 cycles work marvellous. After that you can tell that the game is in an early state of development. The pathfinding gets weird after a certain map size. The AI goes maniac and you cant properly prioritize tasks yet (you can over some degree with the jobs tab but that gets rather bugy in the later game as well).  But I'm really looking forward to future updates and the chance to make my colony grow over the current limitations.
,Not Recommended,457140,32006852,Posted: 27 May,all,Sum1,"As soon as I saw this was Klei, I bought it.This was in the first week it was on Steam.I wanted to rate it up, because it was early access...I can't do it. There is not enough this early on.As soon as I see more content, I will upvote ASAP,and I hate myself for giving an early access game a bad review for being early access...but i didEDIT: ♥♥♥♥ I upvoted it, time to change that"
,Recommended,457140,31871377,Posted: 20 May,all,Kashou,"I LOVE THIS GAME! I think that it is well worth the money because of how much it has to offer and the potential of such a game. People should remember this game just got into early access, it isn't going to be perfect and things will be added to the game periodically so dont think this all that you get for $24.99 because there is so much more coming."
76561198006890293,Recommended,457140,31892610,Posted: 21 May,all,The Wallachian Boyar,"Great game so far, looking forward to the final version. Oxygen Not included reminds me of Craft the World."
,Recommended,457140,32202184,Posted: 5 June,all,The Ultimate Potato,"The game has very little to offer in its' current state, but the devs got one thing right for sure: it appears as a technically solid foundation upon which to expand. Also the art style is pretty.Could be something great in the future. Not now."
76561198310496544,Recommended,457140,34950549,Posted: 14 September,all,АнОнИм,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я после 10 часов игры
76561197967081782,Recommended,457140,32245144,Posted: 7 June,all,Wasted,"I totaly recommend this game even if it is still in early access. The game is already very polished with interesting survival mecahnics and is already shaping up to be one of the best colony management games I have ever played.. and it is not even done yet.The game is realy charming and easy to get into at first but once you grow a little bigger and have researched the somewhat limited research tree (for now)  the real challenge begins of keeping them all alive while expanding and experimenting with solutions \to your dupes problems.Planning out your base and managing resources, temperatures and gass pressure to solve the many issues that start to come up during midgame is what makes this a real joy to play.It has been a long time since a base building game got me so interested that I even dream about  new base designs. I think the last time a game had that profound effect on me was Dungeon Keeper 2.Heck I normally never post reviews about anything but I feel this one deserves all the praise it can get.  I am sure I will get hours upon hours of fun out of this, so for me it is an nvestment well spent."
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,457140,31839388,Posted: 19 May,all,Homeinvasion,"Don't starve is why you are here, the same as me. Amazingly fresh new and absolutely addictive little game that punched way above its weight. I had never played anything like it.Unfortunately I have played Craft the World and Dig or Die both. And this is so unerringly similar to that it goes past homage, past collusion and straight to rip off. Unfortunately its not even as good as the other two games and is more expensive for some reason.The game is really linear, you'll play it for an hour then die, then play it for two hours and die until you get to the point that you've stabilised your oxygen supply, your food supply etc and the truth is; there is so few options within the tech trees etc that I can't see myself getting anywhere near $20 worth of game.Really disappointed with Klei, the more stuff of theirs I play the more I think they just kinda got lucky with Don't Starve. I'm really getting over this whole 'we're a cool little indie studio, we make these quirky little games'. But it's a crutch for poor story telling, weak mechanics and trotting out unfun games with a big game price."
76561198381467079,Recommended,457140,32211542,Posted: 5 June,all,Dire Wolf,"Fun game and has a steep learning curve, it does have its faults like pour ai but otherwise its really fun."
,Recommended,457140,34594843,Posted: 29 August,all,HiSe,"first time I played this game I keep it on spawning new noobs and talking more spaces ,then noobs want more food then want more oxygen ,this game all about find solution to thing and scraw up another thing ,It's pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but you enjoy every single second of it"
76561198014530333,Recommended,457140,34705039,Posted: 3 September,all,SoChumpy,very fun and addictive. worth the money so far
76561198270334815,Recommended,457140,34561958,Posted: 28 August,all,kuniknighte,I love this game.  Very fun and challenging.  Of course it does get a bit frustrating sometimes and you yell at your characters but thats part of the fun.  I would totally recommend this game to just about anyone over 10.  It is an amazing time killer that keeps you moving and thinking.
76561198057466814,Recommended,457140,31843095,Posted: 19 May,all,koreanwater,"Nice game. I love Don't Starve and I am very excited about how it will develop. The management is very much similar to Rimworld, which makes me kind of wonder whether the Rimworld team joined Klei."
76561197965566728,Recommended,457140,31861563,Posted: 20 May,all,Lindan,Great game already. If you like games like Rimworld you will love this one.
76561198045067027,Recommended,457140,34765575,Posted: 5 September,all,FishyCakes,"I purchased Oxygen Not Included the moment i set eyes on it, without even watching a trailer i knew it would be at least somewhat a decent game considering its from the makers of Dont Starve which i still play from time to time and I can tell you I wasnt dissapointed. Even with the game being in such early stages I still had great fun and continue to have great fun as updates are intruduced to improve the experience. I adore the challenges involved and look forward to seeing what future horrors await as the game continues to progress."
76561198095705125,Recommended,457140,33407082,Posted: 9 July,all,sans,Great game very recommended!
76561197990858020,Not Recommended,457140,31893131,Posted: 21 May,all,DrBubba,"I want to like this game.  I really do.  I'm hoping I can come back in a few updates and things will be better and at that point, I can actually like it.Right now, it's far too frustrating."
76561198028007712,Recommended,457140,34828436,Posted: 8 September,all,perfecte,"great game, but outbreak update made it pretty extreme! Looking forward for next one!"
,Recommended,457140,35094077,Posted: 20 September,all,ThreeThrees333,"I just love this game! It's challenging, fun, and above all it's cute as hell!"
,Recommended,457140,31825338,Posted: 18 May,all,Logicbomb,"Quick Summary: If you enjoyed Don't Starve and like the idea of building a base to survive and keeping a constant flow of resources coming in to stay alive then this is a game for you. Very Stable already has a lot of features.If you enjoyed Don't Starve, this is by the same company and has a lot of the same features. The artwork is identical, which I enjoy. Rather than building a base to stop an incoming monster attack or trying to stock up to stay alive through Winter, like in Don't Starve. You dig to explore and expand out so you don't travel great distances or explore very far. I made it to day 14 on my first play thru, but ultimately everyone died of starvation. There is no tutorial but they do have Tool Tips which help, but you will have to figure some things on your own. For being an Alpha it is very stable and runs smooth.Watch my lets play videos!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgHlLFNnsIE&t=670s"
76561197970580261,Recommended,457140,32040300,Posted: 29 May,all,Raymond,"My opinion so far:+entertaining+humour+polish for early access game+interesting mechanics+great art style+surprisingly deep simulation-not enough time to play more :-(Try it, you won't regret it."
76561198093071657,Recommended,457140,32905408,Posted: 27 June,all,Commander_blu,"-spawn in three dublicates that crap alot-only serve dirt as food-everyones pooping all the time-four duplicate comes into play-make it so only he does the mopping in the base-make this one duplicate constantly clean up after the others.10/10, would segregate a single duplicate again."
76561197998542578,Recommended,457140,33102970,Posted: 1 July,all,sadteddy,addictive but gets rather frustarating trying to manage everything
,Recommended,457140,34701535,Posted: 2 September,all,Pluendi,"a LOT of micromanagement. Over the past two days I've overwritten and started over maybe 3 or 4 times, because i was either letting my only water for several hundred blocks getting contaminated by waste, or my CO2 buildup was getting too high for the amount of algae deoxydizers or terrariums i had, or because i ran out of food and had no way of finding or making more. all of those hiccups have not hindered my enjoyment of the game at all. While there are quite a lot of kinks that must be worked out, and the interface is way too busy to be helpful to new players, i think after it comes out of early access it will be a masterpiece of survival/ sandbox games, to rival the likes of Terraria and Starbound."
76561198353196294,Recommended,457140,32200605,Posted: 5 June,all,MatthewLun,"this is a great game for people who like space, realism, and survivalI came up with some ideas for future objects:1.desk fan (to cool areas)2. ""Y"" shaped pipe (so you can split or combine two/one liquid[s])3.hot tub (to relive stress fast)4.i don’t think there’s a use for chlorine gas, so why not a machine that combines water and chlorine gas for the hot tub? :)5.Hydrogen separator (that separates hydrogen from water and gives you oxygen and hydrogen gas)hope this helps (if you ran out of ideas… which I doubt) if you can see this :P"
76561198028846053,Recommended,457140,32231195,Posted: 6 June,all,masshold,"It is like terraria rimworld and dwarffortress. But much bigger and complicate. You deal with gases, liquids and electricity in your own asteroid. You have to collect gather and have to continue to live in your cave.Things gets more complicate when your duplicants rises number by number.If you are in for a challenging different management system of a terraria game. Buy it.It really deserves the money you give"
76561198118027908,Recommended,457140,33010328,Posted: 29 June,all,Chocozuma,p good
76561198201778653,Recommended,457140,35050795,Posted: 18 September,all,sopirlea,"The addiction levels are critical. Even at the current development state, this will keep you hooked for tens of hours.You will learn some minimal chemistry too."
,Recommended,457140,35082316,Posted: 20 September,all,Tea2theBag,Pretty fun. Worth a buy.
76561198048759539,Recommended,457140,32180765,Posted: 4 June,all,paewie,"The game is really funny and comes with more and more content and fixes each patch. The management is clearly one of the main aspects and mostly well done. Problems that are being reported to the devs are getting addressed as far as I saw.To be honest, it has it's flaws like the end-game not being very balanced. Which is a big flaw actually, since it's all about management and balancing stuff out. But it's getting better (you can tell that a little with each bigger update) and looks very promising. It's still in Early Access and even if I normally don't like AE, I like this game and I got trust in the devs to continue the work on the game to a level of completition that has become very rare."
,Recommended,457140,33295191,Posted: 5 July,all,t r a s h,Amazing.
76561198142453848,Recommended,457140,33600065,Posted: 16 July,all,RestInPepperoni,Game is fun I could spend hours just playing it.
76561198044427354,Recommended,457140,34543168,Posted: 27 August,all,mariosevin,"Great game, new update makes adds a new twist to the game making it a bit harder now"
,Recommended,457140,34758875,Posted: 5 September,all,Doomeris,"This game is fun. Yes fun. But it kind of pisses you off at the same time, why dupes won't do that etc. Personally i love this game, but needs more content, i've played it for 88 hours atm and i am bored. I played like 4 saves with 3 failing saves till i learnt the whole game system and mechanics of its gameplay... I don't know if it's really worth 20$ it might be when theres a 20%-50% off sale. Now all i gotta do is wait for updates and just sit here."
,Recommended,457140,34951233,Posted: 14 September,all,Lokirio,"I like it! Too hard, I'd wait till patches. It's cheaper now tho. Buy it in a sale, is what I'd reccommend :)"
76561198148182163,Recommended,457140,32034943,Posted: 28 May,all,Summer leaf,Like the Don't Starve.If a game isn't easy at first it will also turn away many potential fans right off the start.please Give more Initial tutorial.
53444444444444444,Recommended,457140,34522575,Posted: 27 August,all,임지호내꺼,It's pretty good but the outbreak upsate makes things too hard ㅠㅠ
76561198149325850,Recommended,457140,32709935,Posted: 23 June,all,Cacemomarerona,"Gah, this game is incredibly hard! Not like that's a bad thing. I've managed to do countless amounds of research and still not make it to cycle 15 without some disaster happening. Yet something keeps making me restart and play for hours on end. If anything, this is an incredibly fun game, and- oh who am i kidding? It's Klei Entertainment! Of course it's fun. Thanks for making this awesome game and filling hours of my life i'd spend otherwise doing absolutely nothing. You are true game designers."
76561198323732083,Recommended,457140,34300520,Posted: 16 August,all,Lucky Quinn,need more battle and  weapon
76561198152676334,Recommended,457140,34580694,Posted: 29 August,all,moonlitxshadow,the game is a lot of fun but things get real bad real fast. can never make enough oxygen and they are always sick. always.
,Recommended,457140,34046867,Posted: 5 August,all,Noblesdown,"Klei is the best. Amazing games, amazing handling of early access. New Klei title? Pretty much a guaranteed buy.This game is already a blast and its not even close to done. 2D Rimworld underground (in essence), with Klei's wonderful art and humor, as well as their unique quality blend of design."
,Recommended,457140,34760146,Posted: 5 September,all,t0X3n,"Good: Fun, challenging and even abit educational.Bad: Not done, bugs and no Linux version."
,Recommended,457140,34798336,Posted: 7 September,all,Sorenzo,"Plumbing simulator 2017, 9/10 stars.The game isn't entirely polished yet, being Early Access.And there basically aren't any enemies except for entrophy. At least not what I've come across.But entrophy is one heck of an adversary.It's a ton of fun trying to figure out how to survive, and I've barely even managed to explore the more hazardous elements in the game, despite spending 220 hours on the game.And while I can quibble about some of the chemistry the game portrays, really, how many games out there simulate the heat capacity of low-density gases?Call me impressed."
76561198037851753,Recommended,457140,31955547,Posted: 25 May,all,King Abbas,It's made by Klei.. nuff said
,Recommended,457140,32048305,Posted: 29 May,all,vicworld,It's awesome this game
,Recommended,457140,32543540,Posted: 18 June,all,Sgt.Johnson,Very fun
,Recommended,457140,33491868,Posted: 12 July,all,Wall Crouton,"Bought it 'cause it looked like a game I'd play and it's made by Klei. Can't say no to that, because I trust them. Started playing and suddenly I was starving and two hours had passed. It's hard for me to find games that keep me engaged enough to not get bored. This one is (and will be) good."
,Recommended,457140,34621456,Posted: 30 August,all,RPG_Waffle,"I have played this game, and it is truly a work of art. If you have 5 hours and your bored, do this. It is worth every least penny. You feel as if you have a connection with these characters, like it is your own family. It soudns stupid, but as you play the game you grow attached to them. It is pretty much impossible to win the game, but I like that. It presents a challenge that I love. IF one little thing goes unmonitored, BAM! Game over. But thats the beauty of the game! This is one of ym favorite games that I have EVER downloaded off of Steam."
76561198158715972,Recommended,457140,31945209,Posted: 24 May,all,DEMALK,Genius. Just genius.
,Recommended,457140,31976293,Posted: 26 May,all,HappyHappyGameGame,"I like the concept, and it's fun.  It's shaping up to be everything I wanted Fallout Shelter to be, but wasn't.  Still there's a LONG way to go, and many updates to be released.  Right now there's some bad math in the way resources are processed, and water is wasted (lost to the system).  This forces you to keep digging out, but like It's not what you'd want.  Definitely something I'll keep an eye on, and I'm hoping like 6 months from now, there's enough new content and fixes to make it really addictive.  I'd like to see a lot more story elements, and some mysteries to unravel.  I like the base game and graphics, they got so far, but there's still lots of work to do.  But since it's KLEI, you can feel more confident it will get done.TLDR ===>  No regrets.  It's not quite ready yet, but I like where it's going."
,Recommended,457140,31979029,Posted: 26 May,all,trappistone,"I am a big fan of simulation games and have been searching for something new and different; Oxygen Not Included is just that. I'm in my thirties, and I've played many sim games out there so far, and this is the best one I have ever played in my life!"
76561198241350384,Recommended,457140,31984577,Posted: 26 May,all,zacgarbos,"i actually cannot load a save, i mean it loads but all pipe/wire connections stop working, and none of my little people stop moving."
76561198070242877,Recommended,457140,32001810,Posted: 27 May,all,DuderMcBroBlast,An alpha that works great and is hours of endless fun and gives you a true feeling of needing to do things right before everything goes bad and failure right at your doorstep.
,Recommended,457140,32021513,Posted: 28 May,all,Haunted ♥ Sintie,Fair Warning:Oxygen is actually included.10/10 would kill that one duplicant that has the highest decor expectation again.
,Recommended,457140,32024591,Posted: 28 May,all,Winter,"Nice game! Played it for hours. Easy to learn, hard to master. More detailed than you can imagine. Sort of like the chemistry set I always wanted but in a strategy game. I can't wait to take this game with me on my mac book air! :)"
76561198003317862,Recommended,457140,32027270,Posted: 28 May,all,Doc.Snuggles,my pile of shame is huge.this? i played a little more than 10 minutes. 30 hours in 4 days. i am a father and husband. no. sleep.
,Recommended,457140,32029303,Posted: 28 May,all,BazingaThat,"I absolutly love ONI.Pros: Never Ending, Very adorable duplicants, performs like a full release game.Cons: Your adorable duplicants die sometimes, addicting.... like very addicting.This game is the best early access game i have bought. It is very indepth, but still not so crazy that i lose intrest and dont attempt like some other games. Also this game just looks great from the animations of you duplicants, to the dirt you dig up. Seriously my favorite game of 2017!"
76561198241309390,Recommended,457140,32062249,Posted: 30 May,all,chris-500,"Ok heres a quick review about oxygen not included as i have to back to my dupes there oxygen is getting low.(dupes are your colonist)This game is amazing first day i bought it played it for 18 hours straight, It had a few little bugs but that is expected as game is in early stage of its life. I enjoy games made by Klei Entertainment.I love the heat, fluid, gas, and chemistry phyisics in the game.The chemistry physics can be a little tricky to work out, but still very fun to play with.The litlle character animations are funny to watch.my overall verdict is i am highly addicted to this game, if you like a good challenge and like colony managment games then this woud be the game for you.I got go now my dupes badly need oxygen. (play the game you'll see what i mean)."
76561197992290031,Recommended,457140,32370391,Posted: 12 June,all,jblue21,I've found this game sooo addicting and totally worth the price.
,Recommended,457140,32487811,Posted: 16 June,all,SPOOKS,"Stunning game, love the art work....Some real thought has been put into this game and it's not even complete yet, played about 10 hours so far and it has me hooked.Well worth the money give it a try!"
,Recommended,457140,32515418,Posted: 17 June,all,Kreature56,Super fun but requires a lot of thinking to do a good job. Really fun if you dont mind retrying constantly.
,Recommended,457140,33213839,Posted: 3 July,all,Phil Swift,is very good
,Recommended,457140,33661631,Posted: 19 July,all,caKe,"Frustratingly brilliant base building/management sim - exactly what I've been looking for to scratch my rimworld/factorio itch after being burnt out on both.It's extremely challenging but each time you fail you learn a ton of stuff to help you get ~1% further than the last game, totally addictive.10/10 for an EA title, can't wait to see what's coming in the next update!"
76561198070413486,Recommended,457140,33954459,Posted: 1 August,all,RonEmpire,Awesome game!
,Recommended,457140,34255400,Posted: 15 August,all,Michael Wilcox,A really awesome game!
76561198086705605,Recommended,457140,35401366,Posted: 1 October,all,fred.020,Excelent game with lots to offer. It's still constantly coming up with new things to keep us interested. Never the same playthrough! Long time fan of Klei Entertainment!
76561198118421288,Recommended,457140,31853169,Posted: 19 May,all,I am Toast,"As of right now the game isn't much fun as it is pretty boring. I didn't find much to do. Why I'm recommending it is because it looks promising, it's in early access, and it's made by Klei"
76561198046393164,Recommended,457140,31923526,Posted: 23 May,all,Exdeath,Highly adictive game that is only going to improve. The objective seems easy but there are so many mechanisms that it gets real hard as time goes one. One of the best survival games I have played.
76561198074322997,Recommended,457140,31892590,Posted: 21 May,all,Cheeseboo,"If you like Don't Starve, you'll probably like this more.I enjoy games where you can build a base, upgrade your stuff, dig and explore, solve problems, and generally try to avoid the impending chaos of the universe.  So far, I haven't been able to avoid the chaos for very long, but the failure has been fun."
,Recommended,457140,31898746,Posted: 22 May,all,Fizzy6868,I have to say I am really enjoying the game worth every penny.The first time loading up the game started playing i messed up ended up putting to much co2 in the cave the tip check the gas view oftenafter restarting and using it you really enjoy tring to control the enviroment and getting out of sticky situations.all i can say is if you dont buy it you are really missing out !! :)
,Recommended,457140,31908303,Posted: 22 May,all,Diamond Joe Biden,"Already very polished and fun to play. Klei Entertainment did it again, producing a bizarre and awesome Dwarf-Fortress-alike that is both easy to get into and extremely complex to master."
,Recommended,457140,31943320,Posted: 24 May,all,Topher,addicting and so much fun
76561198004950125,Recommended,457140,31943605,Posted: 24 May,all,Sayaprayer,"I support this game, outstanding, an early access that compares to a full release. There is tons of depth here, and it is challenging trying to master sustaining your colony. The different environments throw further obstacles to overcome. Things can quickly get out of hand if you do not pay attention and consistently run triple speed. Planning ahead is key as if you do not, again, things can quickly go bad. For example, I was about cycle fifty-five and had twelve duplicants (what game calls the colonist), but I did not pay attention to my algae consumption and ran out, thus causing my oxygen producers to shut down, thus leading to all of my people suffocating to death as I scrambled to play catch. Unfortunately, I gave up after twelve graves and start over number ten gave way to new hope on Semper Rock. At twenty-four hours play time I only had one crash that led to a report screen, but it did not affect my saved game and was able to go right back to where I left off with hours of no issues. I look forward to more from the developers. Elevators are needed, and some rail/transport system would be a plus."
76561198102729154,Recommended,457140,31985234,Posted: 26 May,all,GodOfGods,"VERY NICE!It's very good game, I so long didn't feel similar feelings, thanks!My wishes to implementation:Add microcontrollers to devices to generate control output signals by some parameters like temperature, pressure, type of liquid/gas.And ensure commutation between devices by wires or wireless approach."
76561198132476688,Recommended,457140,32023785,Posted: 28 May,all,Alf,"This game reminds me of the Martian. You solve one problem... and you solve the next one... and then the next. And If you solve enough problems...well...You might not get to go home but you could certainly survive for a very long time.It seems Klei have done it again with a great survival simulator. The game is a lot of fun and it combines strategy, survival, exploration and creativity while taking inspiration from real science.Problems arise organically and it's up to you to work out how best to solve them. Sometimes solving a problem leads to other problems. Sometimes everything seems to be fine until 50 cycles later when you start noticing something that you should have started working on 20 cycles ago.If you're effective and efficient at dealing with these situations, you're colony will get to keep on living and being happy. Get it wrong, and things start to unravel. Keep getting it wrong and things will start to spiral out of control to the point where you know there's only a few more days before everyone dies.And then you start from scratch and do it all over again.It's absolutely brilliant!"
76561198193132551,Recommended,457140,32149926,Posted: 3 June,all,Slow Motion Detonation,This game is indeed challenging and I can't believe this is still pre alpha. Don't Strave series were one of my favorite games of all time and this one also did not disappoint. Obessed.
,Recommended,457140,32316822,Posted: 10 June,all,Misaka,"Dear Developers,Would please add a tuitorial or documentary in the game? It's pretty hard for someone like me play this kind of game at the first time, cuz I really don't konw where should I put those oxygen generators or water pipes and maintain the tempeture, etc. Anyway, I'm sure this would be a fantastic game as soon as I'm familiar with basic operations."
,Recommended,457140,32372397,Posted: 12 June,all,mord,"A very promising game that features resource and base management. Similarities with Dwarf Fortress and Rimworld.Both playable and enjoyable in its current state (development build CL#208689 as of writing).What sets it apart from other similar games?- Charming graphics, animations and sounds.- Unusually detailed physics and chemistry, most notably fluid and thermo dynamics.- Novel focus on balancing production, consumption and recycling of various resources (stone, metal, water, gases) and elements (such as heat).I highly recommend this game."
76561198291496619,Recommended,457140,32409219,Posted: 14 June,all,carla-nicole-93,Great game thus far. Keep up the good work guys :)
76561198243241966,Recommended,457140,33354792,Posted: 7 July,all,Coltodude57,"Definitley a fun game, Great simulation for your workers to do stuff, bit laggy for weaker computers (like mine :(...) would really love to see some graphics options in the future to make the game run better, but until then its still a really game."
76561198084142112,Recommended,457140,33422394,Posted: 9 July,all,Archer_B1,Pretty challanging game. Setting up a colony and properly managing it with a randomly generated map can be difficult. Pretty excited to join the test pretty early!
,Recommended,457140,33445840,Posted: 10 July,all,BirkTheSoggy,"Great game. Love playing through the alpha stage, as it is already a deeply thought out game. Got my 50 hours worth already!"
76561198402685829,Recommended,457140,33826923,Posted: 27 July,all,NinjaDoof,So much fun and so hard to thrive on!!! Love it!
76561198039316747,Recommended,457140,34096704,Posted: 7 August,all,Smokey444,"Enjoyable game, has a little bit of a learning curve, but overall a good game."
76561198178688050,Recommended,457140,35473805,Posted: 4 October,all,Green Tree,If you like management games and the don't starve team you'll love this quirky game of survival and resource management
76561198011982884,Recommended,457140,31836326,Posted: 19 May,all,Carlos77,Fantastically addictive base building sim. At the moment the jury is still out if the team actually went too far with the complexity and micromanagement but it's a great fun even though you don't have IQ 160.
,Recommended,457140,31925740,Posted: 23 May,all,Pyro Shark [EX0T1C],"I've played for about two hours on a different PC (64 bit) and I realized WOW THIS IS A AMAZING GAME but from my current laptop which is only 32 bit, it wont be able to run. Its a great game just needs 32 bit support or else Ill have to install 64 bit just to play this game (Which I might do :3)"
,Recommended,457140,31945538,Posted: 24 May,all,Nathom2008 is American,Great game so far.  The balance of managing food/water/gasses keeps you on edge.I haven't had this much fun in a colony survival game since Rimworld.
,Recommended,457140,32841635,Posted: 26 June,all,Azrael2810,Love love love this game! It can go from everything going peachy to total chaos just because of one minute detail. I love always starting over and trying stuff differently and different outcomes everytime. The only thing i wish for is that you could task a duplicate to one job such as cooking or researching only etc. Otherwise an amazing game with so much potential!!!
76561198371876563,Recommended,457140,33073815,Posted: 1 July,all,Ttocs.sirhc.cs,"Dig, collect, bild, dig, collect, bild..... Research and don't forget to plan a head. Awesome game i enjoy the challenge and would recomend to any person who enjoys crafting games."
76561198218761817,Recommended,457140,33269971,Posted: 5 July,all,ItsOkToEatFish,10/10 would suffocate again
,Recommended,457140,33479256,Posted: 12 July,all,thenobrainer,very good game. still a bit buggy here and there but it has great potential and is from great developers.
76561198388809769,Recommended,457140,33495672,Posted: 12 July,all,tatumcaver,Lots of bugs but its a growing game
,Recommended,457140,33737390,Posted: 22 July,all,Vul,"I came into this game thinking it'd be much like Fallout Shelter, in the way that you log on, do a few things, and log off.Spoiler Alert this was a major misunderstanding.You need to be extremely attentive if you wish to progress in this game, constantly checking pipes, wires, temperature, etc. And I enjoy it so so so so much. I might be a little biased as I am a huge fan of Klei games, but I would recommend this game to anybody. Theres so much to do right now and it isn't even fully released. I'm extremely excited to see what features come out in future updates. :)"
,Recommended,457140,33974662,Posted: 2 August,all,Freeziegreen4,It is a crap ton of fun to play but I wish I was able to save my duplicants while they are dying of choking.
76561198256121922,Recommended,457140,34218679,Posted: 13 August,all,CrazyCasey100,This game is good. Good at best. It is quite difficult if youre not used too this style of game but the challenge is what makes it great. Its good for awhile and I  enjoyed it for a bit. If you are a fan of this style of game i recomend it to you.
76561198152710060,Recommended,457140,34850448,Posted: 9 September,all,The_Haterade,"One of the best games there is. The Outbreak Update definately took a lot to get use to, however did not really change the game. The devs are contantly updating the game, tweaking the current game to make life in an astriod better..... normally. Definately takes lot of experimentations and failed colonies... Can not wait for the next major update!"
,Recommended,457140,35479918,Posted: 4 October,all,CoyoteBongwater,"I purchased this game because markiplier made it look really fun, and let me tell you this. This game is the most fun ive had in a long time. I enjoy moba games, hearthstone, overwatch. Those sort of games. I purchased this game, and within the first 2 days of purchase I played 24 hours of this game. One whole day of this game. Theres just so much to it, its insane. The micromanaging in this game keeps me so into it, i forget how long im playing. i cant reccommend this game enough. I even bought it for my friend."
76561198103397430,Recommended,457140,31950132,Posted: 25 May,all,Bullsept,"[Oxygen not Included]Priority of Building- There's an option to make the next tool that is used priority, the same whould be for building. When building pipes it is really exhausting to select each one of them and make them priority. Maybe a box of selection could be more useful. This would ease the effort and shorten the itme spent making the systems and avoiding idle duplicants. thank you :3"
,Recommended,457140,31961722,Posted: 25 May,all,{CMD}=Pushka=,"Very fun, even in Early Access! There are hardly any bugs, and enough content already!And it's by Klei, so I hope for a lot of updates and expansions, like they did with Don't Starve.What are you waiting for? If you are into manafement sims, just get it!"
,Recommended,457140,32006980,Posted: 27 May,all,xartin,Simply put... Just outstanding. Very engaging and enjoyable. Will not see daylight for a week. 11/10
,Recommended,457140,32022940,Posted: 28 May,all,[HUN]Mysticman,"Very addictive and well made game. Very unique game play, good design, and never the same play. Big thanks for the developers."
76561198051162790,Recommended,457140,32028336,Posted: 28 May,all,Doc.Freder,"A very funny micromanagement builder for keeping your ""duplicants"" alive in a strange environment.And not easy at all! (cue water-cycle, different gasses, wayward fellows, job-preferences, energy, stress-level)You will have to manage vitally important resources like oxygen, water, food, keep your mates happy and healthy and dig along with not knowing what to expect next :)Still in Early Access at the moment with a few mostly minor bugs but already with a lot of content and quite playable.If you like micromanagement, building under ground, funny little characters and a challenge,you should give this amazing game a try !!!Doc.Freder(May '17)"
76561198004058440,Recommended,457140,32063866,Posted: 30 May,all,[UnReal] Sathuros,"Okey, I only have 15h while Im doing this ""review"" but the game is almost perfect so I need to share a bit of my discovery.After starting over everytime to explore new ideas of building designs I come to discovery my very weakness, patience.This game offer so much variety and hunger to complete more research which allows you to build crazy combinations!My longest save so far took me to 37 cycles and then I lost focus on polluted oxygen and hydrogen (be smart when you build electrolyser and research up to hydrogen generator first because it takes away a great deal of stress from the dupies!)Im amazed that this game is almost perfect with very little bugs or crashes. It feels like a final game already and Im eager to see what the dev's will do at future content update.Thank you very much for an amazing work of art, dev's!"
76561197991512114,Recommended,457140,32087768,Posted: 31 May,all,Adrosil,"Alright, let me start by saying that this game is super fun! The things i learnt about oxygen and other types of gas is amazing. I've been playing this game for about 70 hours now, and i can safely say that you should buy this game. For the people who thinks this game is hard in its current state - ""you kids have it easy"". In the beginning it was hard to not have all of your workers at 100% stress and having them urinate and vomit everwhere (which funny enough was a really good way to get water - don´t ask!).Some of the really cool things about this game is the style of animation. From the silly workers to the buildings - even the sounds! If you enjoyed ""Don't Starve"" or ""Don't Starve Together"", this game is just for you (if you add a little biology and management to the mix).I see loads of people giving this game the thumbs down, such a shame, considering the fact they played this game 2-3 hours. However, i do think that this game needs some sort of objective, like reaching the surface or finding a teleporter or something. But do keep in mind that this game is still in early acess, so im crossing my fingers and hope for a bright future for this game!"
,Recommended,457140,32121322,Posted: 1 June,all,Fraggle,"Outstanding!This is one of those games with a learning curve.  But once you have mastered the basics it gets a lot more interesting.Oxygen. Water. Power.  Temperature. Food. Stress, and exploring all have to be carefully managed. Forget one of those and the whole colony will rapidly let you know.  Often by way of Flipping out (Stress related) or just suffocating....Like Many of the popular management games this one will keep you up at night.  It really has that ""Oh, Ill just do this...  Ah, now I can do this... and..."" and suddenly its 4am and you have to go to work in 2 hours.A word of warning....  It is beta and there are many bugs to be found.  Iv not experienced anything ""game breaking"" myself. But dont be surprized if you find one or two.The artistic style ballances really well with the perril your little duplicates will face, both at their hands....  and yours!.The maps are randomly generated and the duplicates are somewhat random in their skills and abilities. So replayability isnt really an issue.  Plus, if you fail one colony, the next will be totally different, and you get to fail in a whole new way!(please check the date for this review, as this game is still in Development and these opinions could be out of date with the current build)"
76561198019420319,Recommended,457140,32237925,Posted: 7 June,all,BLADE,"Just played it a few hours now, but have to admit i do like it. Some additional content would be most welcome :)"
76561198112178736,Recommended,457140,32357359,Posted: 11 June,all,keylocke,"drowning in vomit and suffocating from lack of oxygen is  so much fun. i like the art style and the dark humor in this game.game starts easy coz of those oxygen stone freebies, then spikes down real hard midway as you try to balance dwindling resources and pollution pileup with population increase, then eventually gets boring once you obtained sustainability.there's also combat in this game, but it's pretty tame compared to other base building games like rimworld, craft the world, gnomoria, etc.. there's also not much trade/commerce going on so aside from staying alive, there doesn't seem to be much to do in the late game.though i haven't done a lot of exploration in this game yet so hmm.. i wonder if there's some hidden boss or whatever somewhere in the map? it would be cool if i could let my warrior duplicants wear their astronaut helmets as they step out of the air locker into the great unknown, carrying their trusty laser pistols and a finite amount of oxygen to go hunt alien creatures and their alien artifacts so i can go build a spaceport to send and receive messenger drones.. or something.obtaining sustainability alone is kinda boring. in don't starve, combat and exploration was one of the most entertaining aspect."
76561198290466293,Recommended,457140,32101227,Posted: 31 May,all,sschneider14,"A great game, but very difficult. Perhaps too difficult but still very enjoyable. At this stage of development there is no way to 'win' in that you will eventually reach an equalibrium with your environment or you will perish. By equalibrium, I mean that you are slowly expiring, but your enevitable death is so many 100's of hours of game play away that you are defacto surviving, albiet poorly. I've gotten every upgrate, utilized every facility, carved into the ice (borders of the game world) on several maps. Placement of your machinery, and how you design your colony is utmost key. On the surface, it seems like a game where you can sit back and chill, and I imagine that anyone who is dissapointed with the game probably expected it to remain chill that way. But, resting on your laurels is the surest way to end up with colonists sleeping in their own filth just before they starve to death. In all its a middle of the road experience somewhere between crack open a brew and watch the game play itself, and a harrowing stress inducing neurosis inducing madhouse. How much it is of one depends on how committed you are to avoiding the other. In the end it's worth playing... as my hours in game clearly demonstrates."
,Recommended,457140,32343857,Posted: 11 June,all,Lyndara,this game will drain your soul
,Recommended,457140,32411193,Posted: 14 June,all,OBV10U3_NINJA,"Initially, I was just scrolling past whenever I saw that a youtuber uploaded a video of this game. However, what got me interested is when my [irl] friend said he wanted it. So I went and looked at the store page and got it for him. Then I saw the description and the video, and I ended up thinking ""Hm, maybe I'll take a closer look at this, I can refund if I don't like it, besides it's nice to have something to relate with my friend"".Boy did I get hooked.Only 2 days of playing, my first colony was a half-success, with oxygen going away fast but everything else going fine. Second try in and now the problem is the polluted water from that methane generator. This is a game design problem though, mainly because I can't pipe it to the water purifier. The fertilizer maker needs a direct vent-out as well so I don't need a pump and a filter to fix that.In either direction, I can't believe how much I like this game. Heck right after I get done with my breakfast and the music video I need to make, I'm jumping back in."
76561198374204574,Recommended,457140,32535966,Posted: 18 June,all,CBT Gaming,"This game is amazing, and has only gotten better since it's Alpha phase.  If you are looking for a fun base survival game but also wanting something that is a challenge this is the game for you.  I really look forward to where this game goes from it's early access phase to full game phase."
76561198212232613,Recommended,457140,32704667,Posted: 23 June,all,smohke,Best game ever! Who doesn't love a good survival game?Still in the works but overall no complaints!100 kg / 100 kg algae :)
,Recommended,457140,32752737,Posted: 24 June,all,Dr.FeelBetter,"This game is honesly one of the more fun games out there, with a uniqe play stile & fun game mechanics it can keep you entertained for quite a wile. The only problem I have is the lack of content. I got my colony to be self sustaining in a few hours. But its only in beta and i only encountered 1 bug. overall fun and interesting concept."
76561198327184415,Recommended,457140,32960787,Posted: 28 June,all,jeeves301986,"they are annioing yet somehow loveable, and some times they breake my heart by dieing in the stupidust ways posible. it is a work in progress, but it is a good game trying to keep a colany alive by balaceing everything. from the air quarlity to food. it is a rolacoster ride of emotions, and many of a swear word uterd while playing. i love it  and would highly recomend. (sorry about grammer and spellings due to deslxia and no spell cheak) oh and rember a happy colony is always best ;)"
76561198065213670,Recommended,457140,33673154,Posted: 20 July,all,elementalsigil,I'm the type to really get into micromanagement games. The things you build and how they mess with your rather sensitive ecosystem that you painstakingly setup makes it a continous challenge to not get yourself backed into a corner and have duplicants dying all over. Lots of fun.
76561198023628368,Recommended,457140,33773493,Posted: 24 July,all,Earth McFlat,"Serious game-of-the-year contender. Brilliant, original and oh so cute. The kind of game you loose yourself into until the wee hours of morning."
,Recommended,457140,33942156,Posted: 31 July,all,MG | Fujio,"Even though it is still a work in progress (it still needs a lot of work) Oxygen Not Included is a very fun and challenging game.  Sure mayvb you can get through the first 20 cycles or so easily, but to keep your duplicates alive you've got to take risks and think outside the box.  I'm anxious to see this game get to its final level to see all the interesting mechanics they add to it."
76561198221636740,Recommended,457140,34049088,Posted: 5 August,all,HedgiestHog,"This is a very fun game. I really wanted to play it after watching Markiplier. It is difficult at times to figure out how to make duplicates do certain things like deliver water to the research station. Currently it runs slowly, but it is fun."
76561198147423424,Recommended,457140,34174393,Posted: 11 August,all,unicorn wolf95,I love the game but I aways fail on getting food and I feel like there should be more ways to get food.The new update it cool it brings a new change to a game. It also kind of helpful in life. But I still think there should be more ways to get food.
,Recommended,457140,34198466,Posted: 12 August,all,Majestic Sushi,"You'll have tons of fun for the first few hours and days but the time will come when it gets boring as it is the same thing over and over again. It would've been more fun if there were some sort of mission(s) in game.I would recommend it but a fair warning that it will get boring after some time. It's sort of like, okay I'm on cycle so and so and my colony is surviving by itself I guess time to start over since there's not much of a challenge anymore...and that's it. After building everything, you have nothing else to do but check it from time to time.Hopefully they add more stuff at least."
,Recommended,457140,34467734,Posted: 24 August,all,Mooka,THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND ADDICTIVE
76561198036994018,Recommended,457140,34826872,Posted: 8 September,all,Kaskoril,Good game.  Looking forward to more content
76561198107754658,Recommended,457140,35404472,Posted: 1 October,all,Awesome,"A great sandbox game, much more interesting than don't starve. Still too many bugs at this time."
76561198081743324,Recommended,457140,35502132,Posted: 5 October,all,Maddie! Maddie!,"This game is really enjoyable and makes you think and plan stuff in a way similar to Don't Starve BUT Oxygen Not Included gives you a completely new kind of challange compared to DTS with management of your little ""minions"" their oxygen, food, water/plumbing the different stuff that pollute your sweet oxygen to be more exact it's more management and controlling stuff to survive than running around picking things up to survive.Anyway it's a huge recommendation for management loving fans that want something different :) and who doesn't love the cartoon-ish style Klei provides! <3"
,Recommended,457140,31852226,Posted: 19 May,all,Hook Me Onii-Chan~,"pros+ its klei. nuff said+ great AI+ tons of replayability+ information is displayed easily and readily+ resource management and storage is very user friendly+ graphics and presentation are well done+ user interface is easy to pick upcons- researching all tech takes only a few hours and is somewhat lackluster.hopefully theyll implement something like factorio's system where certain items are required, or greatly expand on the tree with further updatesi played for about twenty minutes thinking ""man this game is too easy"". shortly after, when i failed to realize the important relation of toxic gasses and doors, i checked my time played. three hours had gone by. whoops!definitely worth the asking price, and if you remember how they nurtured and grew dont starve from its alpha days to its current state, you know youll be getting your money's worth."
76561197988951147,Recommended,457140,31890986,Posted: 21 May,all,Short Stroke,"Like aspects of Dwarf fortress, this is a system managment game.  You have tools which perform a certain function.  Arranging these tools in which works and works together with other systems is the key to the game.  With somewhat random (I assume) maps, and resources, the game play is similar enough for you to learn from the ground up, by doing, but not enough that you can apply a pattern of play.  As you advance in play, more tools become avalible and you need to adjust your systems to adapt to the new tools.The learning curve is high. Not quite a much as DF, but more than most games of it's ilk.If you like organizing systems and optimzing  them, I believe you will be satisfied with your purchase.  Plus the little guys are cute... with thier eye's full of tears... crying a river (no really).I just wonder now, why I didn't buy this game way back when I saw it, but decided not to."
,Recommended,457140,31891898,Posted: 21 May,all,Grandw0lf,"Very highly recommended. It's complicated and difficult without being unapproachable and difficult.I love the animation style, and you really do get attached to these little Dupes. It's got a low graphical requirement which makes it approachable on just about any system (I mean if my brick of a computer can play it--) There is a fantastic community involved and dedicated to the cause.Theres actually not that many bugs involved in the game... I had to turn on the Debug mode because some blocks were not being dug up right, but this was a couple of days before the Agriculture upgrade and I never saw the problem again. It runs very smoothly, the AI pathing is great, I highly recommend this silly little game and look forward to playing it for a very long time!"
76561197970633040,Recommended,457140,32377500,Posted: 12 June,all,gokanis,Game was running great until the last patch.
76561198146710608,Recommended,457140,32704699,Posted: 23 June,all,Jammosito,Very promising. Can't wait for more updates.
76561198104032066,Recommended,457140,34070362,Posted: 6 August,all,emilioPotato5,"Great game, a lot of fun"
76561198000556363,Recommended,457140,34871079,Posted: 10 September,all,ReD-EyeD,The game is simply phenomenal. Easiest early access purchase in my life.
76561198034248783,Recommended,457140,34939783,Posted: 13 September,all,Lex,Nothing Included.
76561198097691261,Recommended,457140,35141620,Posted: 22 September,all,Reizell,This is an adorable game and I can't wait to see what more they add. Its a unique twist on a survival game.
,Recommended,457140,35434087,Posted: 2 October,all,Varen Grey,A good game if you don't mind accidentally playing for 8 hours at a time
,Recommended,457140,31854057,Posted: 19 May,all,Pish,Klei makes great games and Oxygen Not Included is probably their best one yet.
,Recommended,457140,31893596,Posted: 21 May,all,gowynn | gamekit.com,very fun game. set the tasks for the duplicants to complete and then watch the hilarity as it all slowly unravels the bigger the base gets.
,Recommended,457140,31956695,Posted: 25 May,all,Stephanov,"A game with just about the right amount of difficulty. Failed about 6 times in a row before I figured out how to balance out my colony. Though, once you find a geyser the difficulty seems to meh a little.Also, I couldn't help but feel there was little incentive to get more duplicants. Getting more seems to needlessly burden you."
76561198128632534,Recommended,457140,31959260,Posted: 25 May,all,bsboerlage,"Keep being drawn back into this game. It's a good one, and well worth the money.After several tries at stabalising a colony and learning more each time, I keep finding a new way to stress out my inhabitants and eventually kill them off.It's one of those games you keep coming back to and is much more intricate than your first couple hours of play will offer.Support these guys, if this is alpha, I wonder what they can pack into the full title!"
76561197975298713,Recommended,457140,31960210,Posted: 25 May,all,sir_ploppy,"This is an excellent compelling brain burning fun game! Cute artwork, animations, sound effects matched to deep gameplay options mean this is a big hit for me. As an early access player I have had to suffer some crashes and despite that Im still hooked. I found the game so good I hunted down other games by the Devs to grab - especially as they support Win/Mac/Linux. Currently a 8/10 but with Linux support and an actual non alpha release this is likely a 9+"
,Recommended,457140,31961350,Posted: 25 May,all,Andrew of Kiev [Shapito Gaming],"Potentially good, as klei used to make quality stuff"
,Recommended,457140,32378609,Posted: 12 June,all,LOLY-POLY,"Only complain is that this game needs path for subtainable colonies. Game is fun when based building, but brace for midgame, enjoy your endgame."
76561198093452953,Recommended,457140,32525574,Posted: 17 June,all,minshaaa,Absolutely must play--even in early access.Tons of fun kind of a cross between dwarf fortress sim tower and... maybe minecraft?You'll love this game.
76561198359029476,Recommended,457140,32847263,Posted: 27 June,all,Offspring,This game is time machine...
76561198002073999,Recommended,457140,33445288,Posted: 10 July,all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,Brilliant
,Recommended,457140,34053516,Posted: 5 August,all,JW,Really fun game
76561198072892311,Recommended,457140,34155394,Posted: 10 August,all,APTX-4869,once you know what your doing its a good game in the state its in cant wait for more
,Recommended,457140,34463631,Posted: 24 August,all,Frylock,Game is awesome played so many hours since i bought it.. LOVE IT
76561198064818712,Recommended,457140,32069191,Posted: 30 May,all,EvilJens,"Another great game by Klei entertainment, Just like Don't Starve and DST.10/10 Would suffocate in the depths of space again!"
76561198022108336,Recommended,457140,32086538,Posted: 31 May,all,winterstorm_11,"This game is exactly what I was looking for on steam. The re-playability is amazing. I cant see to play anything else, I come home from work thinking about what I can do to expand my colony. The cartoony graphics are perfect, the sounds are perfect, I know the game is in early Alpha, but it is very polished, and easy to get into.If you dont want to work through the bugs, then wait till it releases, but keep your eye on it, this game will be amazing when it is released!"
76561198355205946,Recommended,457140,32369562,Posted: 12 June,all,agiabroad,Very good game and this is only early access. I just cant stop playing :)Keep up the good work Devs :)
76561198077382186,Recommended,457140,32399392,Posted: 13 June,all,Niko ʕ·ᴥ·　ʔ,"It's great!Looking forward to upcoming updates on this game, really enjoying it so far!"
,Recommended,457140,32770728,Posted: 25 June,all,Kaptain KnicKy,"Still in early access but still a lot of fun!  Lots of little details that I still have yet to really figure out.  It's a tonne of fun and will take a while to master, all while maintaining a series of problems that arise around oxygen and other resources."
76561197967130334,Recommended,457140,32839470,Posted: 26 June,all,Sowny,EA but still very much playable. If you like Klei's other games you will like this.
,Recommended,457140,32907091,Posted: 27 June,all,fighting foo,can't stop need air
76561198073344112,Recommended,457140,33658123,Posted: 19 July,all,RayRawSaurus,"It's just sooooo much fun! I can spend hours just building a new base.It's really well balanced: every time, one get's the feeling to have solved the most urgent problem, the next one is just about to manifest."
76561198243660898,Recommended,457140,33709309,Posted: 21 July,all,☕SnuffyCinnamonBuns☕,"Oxygen Not Included has to be one of Klei Entertainment's best games, I almost always play this game because its so fun to watch all your duplicants run around doing work and at some point dieing in the most humiliating way. I 100% recommend to buy this game even if it is difficult its still fun and I am excited to see how much better this game can get."
76561197962060394,Recommended,457140,33845387,Posted: 27 July,all,SBO61,where is my update? are you guys not on agile?
76561198035294703,Recommended,457140,34097916,Posted: 8 August,all,PUPH3AD,"i got no idea how to make to play this game i made toilet and when it got full they refused to empty it and starting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥theyr pants,"
76561197968547835,Recommended,457140,34227116,Posted: 13 August,all,kaelad,"Good base builder and getting better with each update. It's not as deep as Rimworld, but that's okay. The art style is great and I appreciate that we can use the computer horsepower for things like an artistic take instead of just realistic graphics. If you're looking for something with the depth of Rimworld, few are, but what ONI has is great.I'm done playing it for now, but look forward to coming back when the next update is released! A game that makes you want to come back, certainly says something."
76561198131475632,Recommended,457140,34263045,Posted: 15 August,all,Tuffcrunch,"From the creaters of Dont starve comes Oxygen not included, an extremly complicated survival colony game that will have you scrambling your brain and screening youtube for answers to progression, unless you consider yourself a smart person, i wouldnt bother"
,Recommended,457140,34877809,Posted: 10 September,all,Katyusha,"Do you like strategy games? Do you like survival games, that aren't early access zombie games? do you like a challange? Then this game is for you!Oxygen Not Included shows a new side of strategic survival with a category that has never been seen beforeStranded underground on an asteroid, you and your brave duplicants need to fight the odds to survive as long as you can, but it will not be easy, you will have to find oxygen, provide food and water, electricity, and health.This game is getting progressivly harder for every upgrade that is released, by adding to the complexity, in the means of farming, or health. It has great potential to become one of the best survival games out there, without a doubt.If the support for modding is introduced, which it currently isn't, it will raise the game into new highs, it would fit in well, and allow for the creation of even more challanges, or to make the game easier, for those who wants that.The game has a unique art style, and gameplay, a 2D gameplay, with amazing depth (pun intended) It shows mechanics never seen before, and it is well done, while other games who introduce new gameplay might fail in creating it properly, this game does it right.It is an amazing game, but it is early access, so it has its flaws and bugs;The gameplay quickly becomes repetetive, since there is currently no goal, other than surviving for as long as you can. This is not a big issue, as it has an easy fix, simply give yourself challanges, find other's challanges, or experiment with new ways to plan or build. Recently new items have been added to the game which shows more of a story line, in the form of structures which the player has not built. The developers are currently working on a backstory/story to the game, and I am very excited to see where they take this.The AI of the duplicants is not the best, good, but not the best. They frequenlty get them self stuck, walk into pits, drown themselves, and the pathfinding is not the best. This is improving however, simply by the time I bought this game, it has improved a lot.This certainly is one of my favorite games, and has a special place in my heart, it is a concept done well, and has amazing potentialTL;DRPros:Good mechanicsNew conceptVersitilityChallanging yourselfModding, hopefully soonCons:Currently no story (is planned to be added)AI is not the best (but is improving)Summary: Very good game with loads of potential, cheap for the amount of gameplay you get, a must play if you like strategy/survival!9/10- Not IGN"
76561198232393288,Recommended,457140,31847079,Posted: 19 May,all,AztecWarriorX7,"Overall, this game is very good and enjoyable!"
,Recommended,457140,35384197,Posted: 1 October,all,Jesica K-J,"Very good Game, I have played 259 hours already and still not tired! Keep up your good work KLEI"
,Recommended,457140,35430367,Posted: 2 October,all,PaisleyPlayfully,"Oxygen Not Included is fun, silly + quirky - all the things I've come to expect from the devs at Klei, but for those who enjoy getting a little technical, this is where the game really shines.Every new asteriod is the chance to designthe perfect system...only to realize it gets you just so far before it all, like the many that came before it, goes to sh**!! Then it's back to the drawing board and a fresh new rock to call home and record cycles to be break.This gets addictive pretty quick, most buildings can be fine tuned till perfection and there are several overlays and reports giving you plenty of information to sink your teeth into.ONIs game mechanics are simple enough to get you started, but as your understanding progresses you can get fairly inventive with your problem solving. Before you know it you'll find yourself designing your own complex setups, I'm even seeing people design 'hydrogen bubblers' as a means to clean polluted gas into liquid oxygen. o.OONI is shaping up to be an addictive and challening management sim and I'm sure that as development continues (new content is being rolled out every 6 wks atm), Klei will keep us on our toes and further add to the depth of this game.Bottom line:If you enjoy a challenge and nutting things out this is the game for you!"
76561198060614298,Recommended,457140,35474618,Posted: 4 October,all,Bloodnut,Very Good game if you like games like the sims or where you control multiple characters lives!
,Recommended,457140,31889886,Posted: 21 May,all,Saucy,"Klei has made good games and this one is not different from them.The price is a bit high now but i would still give the full price to this game. It offers alot of posibilities to what to do in-game this makes it so you dont get bored that easily but the game is still a bit easy in some parts and a bit hard on others such as:Massage tables should not require electricity.Research tables should use dirt to make the parts again.Slime should give more algea and when you mine slime you should get more slime that rn.Other than these the game looks fantastic, the artstyle is good and i would give it a 8.5/10 since this game just came out but this might change in the future.I hope it goes higher and i have trust in Klei that it will happen most likely. Thanks for another great game Klei!P.S I know you dont need to work that hard to get everything dont right now but the game just came out guys they did not finish the game, there is going to be lots of more content in the future and the game will last longer.(Maybe a multiplayer world where you spawn in the other side of the map with your friend and fight or trade or even get bigger together.This would be hard to make but it would be fun.)"
76561198002038342,Recommended,457140,31935562,Posted: 24 May,all,ns,"Fun game, works great for early access.No tutorial/instructions, and some of the stuff isn't very intuitive.Pretty limited in content though right now in EA, good for a day or two at best."
,Recommended,457140,32052613,Posted: 29 May,all,MrSparkel,"A fine addition to my library, looking forward to watching this game grow."
76561198092524615,Recommended,457140,32096712,Posted: 31 May,all,Xaylay,Amazing game! Look forward to its continual production.
76561197971825130,Recommended,457140,32139785,Posted: 2 June,all,Haapy,"It's a fun little game. Pretty early in development, feature-wise. The tech tree is more of a tech pancake. Once you get up to 8 or 9 duplicates, the bugs start to really add up and make the game unplayable. Learning is pretty well inhibited by the completely-wrong tool tips on everything. But the base of the game is solid, and judging by the quality of the Don't Starve series, I have faith they'll finish the game. Right now, maybe 10 hours of fun or so."
76561198206882255,Recommended,457140,32145561,Posted: 2 June,all,jidon333,I Can't stop the digging!
,Recommended,457140,32298929,Posted: 9 June,all,Diver Craig,This game is amazing and still under development. So Many levels of thought to play it and you can be super creative
,Recommended,457140,32410649,Posted: 14 June,all,white hippy,"The game provides significant depth in how you can play it, as you would expect with any sandbox title, and that's where the beauty in it is. Although there isn't a lot of options with regard to the types of machinery yet (as you would expect in an early access title) the numerous approaches the player can take to the game is what makes it a great experience.As it is currently it's probably not worth the price in store, however the frequent updates paint a bright future for this game."
76561198032638976,Recommended,457140,32788445,Posted: 25 June,all,Bubblesaur,"Would recommend as one of the better simulation games i've played out there. It's not too complicated to understand what's going on and when things do go wrong you get penalties that aren't so bad; it doesn't just cause everything to go down the tube. You have time to deal with stressful things and make it out alive, its not like one accident happens and you feel like you have to start all over again!"
,Recommended,457140,32902711,Posted: 27 June,all,TomLukman,"Relatively original colony simulator concept with random generated game world, gas and fluid physics & more. It's still in early development but is actively developed in seems to have a great future ahead. Another great game design by Klei."
,Recommended,457140,33173024,Posted: 3 July,all,Mino,At first I thought that O.N.I. was a little bit shallow compared to Rimworld but I soon realized that it is similarly complex but in different places.The longer you play the more you learn how many gears are running the machine that is your colony and physics plays a bigger role than you first think.If you like to create a colony that's self-substainable then you are in for a challenge that will entertain and frustrate you at the same time. You may never reach that goal but how boring would that be?I really hope for more content but with 60hrs of playtime I certainly got more entertainment than I paid for.
,Recommended,457140,33711351,Posted: 21 July,all,mcfloweydafacker,fun to play but its very complex and hard to get used to.
,Recommended,457140,33745741,Posted: 23 July,all,step_y,"Good:- Fun to play- Fun way to learn about law of science & physics- Realistic. Ex: Food + Cold = longer expiry life ; water + heat = steamBad:- It is still in alpha , there is some minor bugsOverall:This is a survival game. Once you figure out the science behind it , and are able to survive there isnt much left to doUntil that happens its pretty fun & educational to play this."
,Recommended,457140,33747109,Posted: 23 July,all,bboalt,pretty addictive
,Recommended,457140,35159246,Posted: 23 September,all,markusmikus,"If you like building complex infrastructure then this is definitely game for you. After playing many hours (currently over 76) I still find it very enjoyable, and game is not even finished yet. Looking forward to all the interesting mechanics that developers are going to add in the future.So far game is stable (didn't crash once for me).Music is nice, soothing and really helps you feel like you are in a place far, far away."
76561198166250941,Recommended,457140,35378658,Posted: 1 October,all,killerman1131,with updates always coming and the game able to go to the biggest depths as the devs work hard i give this game a yes
76561198128907765,Recommended,457140,31961341,Posted: 25 May,all,cole_parker35,This game is amazing in so many ways and it is insane to think this game is still early access! I have played dont starve and dont starve together and when I found out about Oxygen Not Included I got so excited. Yes it will get complex later on but it is fun to learn the game. First attempt I made it 9 days until I realized I needed to restart because everything was going down hill. But in general I reccomend this game 100% 10/10 this game is worth the price.
,Recommended,457140,31980037,Posted: 26 May,all,Foxnos,"It's good, but it's also early.The game itself so far is pretty damn fun, but seeing how this is as early as early access gets, you might wanna put it on your wishlish and then pick it up later when it's on sale or something."
76561198346409661,Recommended,457140,31981804,Posted: 26 May,all,Br@ss Playa,"Pretty Good, i wish you could play with friends though, it would be really fun!"
76561198032078508,Recommended,457140,31985319,Posted: 26 May,all,acyde,I have loved Don't Starve and its expansions for a long time. As soon as I saw Klei had a new game out I had to have it. Oxygen Not Included is fantastic. It is challenging and takes a bit to understand all the pieces but no more so than surviving your first Winter (or Summer) in Don't Starve. For an early access game this is very polished and totally playable. I've died ten times at least but have not yet suffered a single crash or major glitch. Everything seems to work pretty well. This review is based on build AU-217955
76561198352053178,Recommended,457140,32008043,Posted: 27 May,all,theFantasy723,"It a good game, but personally, I think this game won't let you survive as much! I would be in a place with 100% oxygen but then all of a sudden their is Toxic gas."
76561198139834613,Recommended,457140,32143798,Posted: 2 June,all,midnightvictoria,"I love this game. I love that it has a simple concept but is in no ways simple. I find it highly challenging and addictive.. Admittedly I have sucked on numerous occasion... lost a few colonies and died of starvation. The latter being my biggest challenge. Yet, I still continue to come back to the game and try again. Plus the little cartoon characters are super cute. :P I'd recommend this game. :)"
,Recommended,457140,32914590,Posted: 27 June,all,Liesjaa Anna,I love it! got it yesterday and already addicted
,Recommended,457140,32934882,Posted: 28 June,all,s2892,The good game for early access. I am waiting for final product.
76561198066128647,Recommended,457140,33343021,Posted: 7 July,all,hello7op,Who knew I have to learn Physic and Chemistry again !
76561197975732248,Recommended,457140,33484628,Posted: 12 July,all,iThrud,"Engaging and quirky, it has that frustrating (in a good way) balance of long term planning constraints versus short term survival down pat. My only concearn is will there be anything to do past the research available, which may impact on the longer term playability.A well executed and packaged playable game, it will suck in your available hours. Get it."
76561198025376643,Recommended,457140,33701418,Posted: 21 July,all,Little Phoenix,"One of those games where you are fustrated constantly from start to finish.  You can never ""win"" at this game and thats kinda the point I guess.  Your constantly being pushed forward and forced to micro manage things to a crazy level.  ITs a good concept and it ain't easy to play.  IT definately has that cruel learning curve that Don't Starve together, and feels like it is also built on that ""survive 5 more minutes then last game"" feel.You also have to make some decisions early on and sacrifice certain things for the Dupe's.And beware taking a destructive Dupe into your colony, least when their stressed they make you reset the entire base back to zero.Edit:Okay  Iwould change this to a thumbs down, but I don't want to as the game still has time.  But it feels like it.  So I tried the debunk mode to see if you can ""win"" at this game and long story short... You can't.  The games AI can let you down so much that you can just end up loosing everyone and its not your fault.  The Dupes AI renders them too stupid.And then when you have everything perfact, a random glitch spoils the experience.At the current state of the game you have a ever growing list of things to look into; water, heat, diease, food... As the list grows with updates the more you get screwed over.  It only takes one to get it wrong and you struggle to set up things.  Research can be the biggest flaw; but just getting 1 Dupe to build the item you want even when the rank is set to 9 is fustrating.The worst update was the diease update, you basically have periods where the 1 Dupe you reley on... Gets take out of action and the whole colony falls apart.  Even if you set the diease resistence to max before the game you get problems."
76561198137627834,Recommended,457140,34133440,Posted: 9 August,all,CMANATRON,Overly complicated fallout shelter.
,Recommended,457140,34158216,Posted: 10 August,all,StitchTheFox,"An amazing game that, not only lives up to ""Don't Starve"", but far surpasses it. And from my, and my followers, experience playing the game together we can all say we had one of our best moments on the channel playing this game. We send our kind regards on hoping the game makes a full release."
,Recommended,457140,35395040,Posted: 1 October,all,Jake Park,"This game is great, I like how every time I solve a problem a new one comes up. Its a nice casual game that requires you to think before you do."
,Recommended,457140,35400645,Posted: 1 October,all,HaoKuan,Great strategic game. Starting a new colony feels like a new adventure everytime. I feel like there's lots of room for this game to expand/add on so I am looking forward to even more updates!
76561198015720810,Recommended,457140,31861713,Posted: 20 May,all,gab_zero,"I normally stear clear of early access games, but this really is fun. Have played a few sessions and from what is here already I'm very impressed and can't wait to see what's for this cute and fun game."
,Recommended,457140,31945959,Posted: 24 May,all,APang,"My first run-through: 7 hours long, 119 cycles... Half of which I just watched the remaining 2-3 dupes frantically choosing the terrariums over their food sources. Was seeing who would be the last man standing. Anyway, love it and still love Don't Starve."
76561198037530845,Recommended,457140,31998798,Posted: 27 May,all,Rhiz82,Great game in early access. Gameplay is highly rewarding with incremental increases in challenge as you develop your base. Looking forward to seeing this game progress to the official launch.
76561198199862121,Recommended,457140,32003510,Posted: 27 May,all,woaiyy412152,"Honestly, super duper addictive, and the little guys are so derpy, adds some fun. Plus, you can never get to a perfect state without abusing bugs which will probably be fixed soon, best game seen yet."
,Recommended,457140,32032979,Posted: 28 May,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/BJWtA1Q2w-kOxygen Not Includedis a colony management game where the player commands a group of duplicants to survive. It uses systems fromRimworldandDwarf Fortressto control the mostly autonomous colonists. For an early access (especially just recently released) the game is surprisingly polished. There are a couple bugs in pathfinding and hauling. Overall, the game is worth picking up, but I would recommend waiting a few updates if you are on the fence.For a more in-depth review see the video above or read a longer review at:Vinrafel"
,Recommended,457140,32058686,Posted: 30 May,all,(IHR)SugarPeas,"A quirky little base-builder that feels like a mix between Terraria, Prison Architect and Don't Starve. Build the base, don't let your crew starve or suffocate, and research new technology to help your (sometimes arbitrarily-skilled) minions expand further out into the inhospitable unknown.I really enjoy the tactile OCD sensation of sparially-organizing, purposing and wiring up rooms of my starbase (the water dynamics and unbreathable gas pockets make this interesting.) Rhe soundtrack, though repetetive, is catchy and helps  for immersion in the experience.It's just... I can't seem to leave my crew to their regularly-scheduled business without them finding some way to court disaster. Sim cosmonauts I had named after my friends would frequently drown themselves, having a narcoleptic nap climbing a ladder over a reservoir. They'd also bury theirselves in a cave-in or flood the whole base by digging too close to an underground lake. To add to their lemming-esque qualities, they all seem to  leave a thin layer of♥♥♥♥♥♥on EVERY. GODDAMN. SURFACE. of the entire base. Anyone I caught having an accident was only allowed to eat maggotloaf and treadmill-charge the batteries for the rest of their life.Would reccommend. Can't wait to see new features in the full release."
,Recommended,457140,32075292,Posted: 30 May,all,Simon,Really fun. I love Klei Entertainment.
76561198361166552,Recommended,457140,32098662,Posted: 31 May,all,ssssssteak,its a good game
,Recommended,457140,31904396,Posted: 22 May,all,Woollyhats,"I wish there was an inbetween option. This game is brutally hard, but it's also not yet finished, so I imagine it's going to get a bit easier. My goal with a game like this, will always be to find a way to survive for forever. To do so in Oxygen Not Included, is punishingly difficult and also annoying. I wish a lot of the resources were more renewable - you'll eventually run out of things necessary for survival - and while there is often a way to renew your resources, usually that way requires a LOT of micromanagement and is really frustrating to do. However, with each patch, they seem to make the game slightly more renewable in terms of resources.In addition, there are a lot of weird bugs. Some of this will be or has already been patched, but for example, if something is allowed to get too cold, the game will crash. If a machine that uses water stores water, it'll suck up all your water (so you're left with no water which means death), and then won't use the water you've stored. Many new players will try to eliminate toxic air, but it's not that harmful, although I'm sure this will change. Also, there could be a better tutorial/help at the beginning of the game, I spent ages trying to 'sweep' things, and couldn't understand why my duplicant's were refusing to do anything (you'll not only need storage containers, but you'll need to set them to accept what you are sweeping). There are a lot of things like this, that make sense once you understand them, but may not be intuitive to all players, which may leave many confused.All in all, I've tentatively selected this review as ""Recommended"", but I'm honestly inbetween. It's a great game and has depth, but it's extremely frustrating at the same time. My reasoning is that the game will get better over time, and be a lot better on release, so I'm going to give Klei the benefit of the doubt.Also for anyone wondering, this game basically has nothing in common with Don't Starve, outside of being a survival game. That's not a good or a bad thing, but a lot of people are obviously wondering."
,Recommended,457140,31916480,Posted: 23 May,all,Phanpy,"Still in Early Access, but this game still had me hooked. Could use some more keyboard shortcuts, especially for the prioritization feature, like ctrl+1 to ctrl+9 or something (or maybe I just haven't found those yet). Some wording changes on the daily report could help make it easier to understand. Some more information there would help too, like oxygen (and other gas) production and consumption. Resizable jobs/consumables etc panels. Have to find out how the battery threshold works, where to find more water, how to produce more electricity, etc. (unless I just haven't found these features yet...)Anyway, if you like base-building/simulation games, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,457140,31923928,Posted: 23 May,all,STaSHZILLA™,"Oxygen Not Included is a Highly addicting survival simulator set underground in a closed system. The artwork is unique with a small resemblance to Don't Stave. The gameplay mixes Terraria, Rimworld, Gnomoria and more! The music and sound effects are top notch and match the gameplay and graphics giving this title a well rounded Early Access release. I would recommend this game to anyone. Although I only have about 5 hours in this game, I can tell that this game will offer several more hours of amazing gameplay. The complexity that this game offers currently (5/23/17) is beyond what anyone would expect in an early release. I can only see great things for this game and hope it becomes one of the staple games in everyones steam library. Klei really hit it out of the park with this game.(8/10) - Addicting ,Adorable, and Adventurous"
76561198185830753,Recommended,457140,31943726,Posted: 24 May,all,GUM,"Fantastic, ... STRESS.."
,Recommended,457140,31961548,Posted: 25 May,all,Butternuts,"bought this game soon as klei released keys about 2 months ago. it made me ask myself ""huh, how painful can this be?""cycle 1. dug out a solid areacycle 2. develop power and researchcycle 3. realize my oxygen producing rocks STOPPED PRODUCING OXYGENcycle 4. everyones stressing, breaking S#&t or puking everywhere...EVERYWHEREcycle4.5. people stepping in vomit are now stressing....cycle 4.6. made too large an area to adequately oxygenatecycle 4.7.water crumbled away sediment that was keeping chlorine gas out of my settlement.everyone died a few minutes later.all in all. this game makes you hate your duplicants. but i loved it."
,Recommended,457140,32002056,Posted: 27 May,all,Skeletor,"Its a pretty fun game with a pretty good art styleI do wish it was more mod friendly as some items in game i just think to mysef ""I wish there was a mod for this"" or its just my OCD playing with my mind. ""I wish i could install an elevator here instead of ladders. I have a lot of damn ladders.""On my first try i managed to create a perfectly sustainable cult of 15 people, with no production of food or anything. my people did amazingly. attempting to replicate that so far has been met with nothing but failures!This game is really fun to just experiment with and see how you can keep your people alive, Though i do feel theres a point in this game you'll reach where you simply say ""Now what."" Once you have a base that is sustainable in its own right there's really nothing 'forcing' you to do anything more. You don't even need to make new people so it all kinda works itself out? But it is early access, and still pretty fun as i said."
,Recommended,457140,32102395,Posted: 1 June,all,Hardjacked,"Check my library. This is one of my current favorite games. You really have to think and plan ahead, at the same time every time you start over you correct a few of your old mistakes and you gradually begin to build a balanced base. Highly recommended game.+Graphics+Sound (although I turned off the music after a while because it got too repetitive)+Gameplay+POTENTIAL"
,Recommended,457140,32280900,Posted: 8 June,all,GameADayGamer,"This game is a gem in a rough line of early access games. Deeply immersive with a moderate learning curve, this game will pull you in and not let you go. For an in depth look at my best world here is a video link!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS4qeUBv0FQ"
,Recommended,457140,32387699,Posted: 13 June,all,Dr. Badnews,slave simulator 101
76561198072344618,Recommended,457140,32628980,Posted: 21 June,all,Deemel,"I've been playing this game for a while now, and it has really been an expiriance.I was asking to get this game and when i finally got it, it was the most frusterating thing ever just trying to manage a colony of 5 or 6, but i managed to get a good colony at 13 colonist then i ran out of oxygenthere are things you want and things you don't want but you just can't get them because it isn't in your control how your colonist act and such, this is what i like about the game, it makes you feel like you are in control when in reality, you are just ordering you're colonist around based on what they can or can not do, or just telling them what to do like slaves.And before i get into the full review, let me say you're colony will die, a lot.Alright, into the review: don't wish to read? just scroll to the bottom for a quick recap on the long version1) It makes you think it is an easy game, then smacks you in the face. what i am trying to say here is that when you are playing the game you see your options in what to do. Dig, Build, etc. how my first game went was like this: i went into a game then i made my room, i didn't add tile and i just made an outhouse, power making stuff, a research place, a microbe musher, and that was it, results, drab decor, dirty hands grimmy stressed, then i try to fix all of it, i expanded to fast, there is no power to get the algae things working, make more power, get more algae, etc. the consequences and challenges pile up on you so much it smacks you in the face, for such a simple game it is so difficult just to make a colony survive for 20 cycles (days)2) Sustainability is nearly impossible. Said by the developers of the game, it is possible to reach full sustainability, you have to stress your colonist, depending on their stress reaction, they will vomit, then you can collect the vomit, filter it, and survive off of barf. there is almost no way to reach fill sustainability other then this tactic. (if i am wrong please tell me) this provides a constant struggle, and makes the game much more fun/frusterating.3) Its pausable, and relaxing at times. people sometimes don't like a game because it isn't action and combat packed, this game has almost no combat in the time that i have played i have only met 3 monsters, and 2 are neutral (they won't attack unless you attack them) and 1 is passive (doesn't attack at all) plus, you can pause the game, take a break, then come straight back to it. you can think during it, you don't have to make up tactics in the moment because of a certain situation.4) It is fun and funny. you get to watch your colony progress or you can be evil and kill them all off. plus it is so funny if you just read or look at the details of how much they put into the game here is a list~Cheeks get bigger when holding breath~People cry when get stressed~People eat when get stressed~People bard when get stressed~People hit machines for no apparent reason when get stressed~Some people are like machines~Some people are loud sleepers~Some people just sleep when they like to~Some people poo/pee more then others~Some people poo/pee longer then others~Some people want to start blogs of toast~Some people want to fight others~Some people are weaklings~Some people hate art~Some people love art~Some people are easily hurt emotionally~Some people are bugg~Some people have noodle arms~Some people don't have a brain~Some people are NERDS~Some people like reading long lists (You)~Some people aren't athletic~Some people are athleticAnd the list can go on and on and on. there are so many different people in this game just like in real life no person is the sameNow the only thing i don't like about the game is the priceIt may be a 10-15 dollar game, but I'm not complaining.I do wan't to say some things that i believe should be added1) Builders Mode. Being a minecraft fan, i loved building things like towns, or just command block creations (probably ganna get a lot of hate from this, lol) or another game is little big planet, making your own creations for the world to see. So I believe that if you add a way where you can cheat all the stuff in and make it instantly without resourses or colonists you can make all these puzzles and downloadable games inside of a game.2) Easy Difficulty. For new players getting used to the game, this difficulty includes stuff like less oxygen, & food consumption, making a good expiriance for new players until they want to go into the harder difficulties3) Multiplayer. It is just like the singleplayer game, but different colonies start in different part of the map, when a colony is destroyed their printing pod malfunctions and breaks, this could in turn make whatever that colony build back to what it used to be, but not the land the any other colony traveled through (this is so your colony doesn't suffocate)These are all my ideas, I am assuming they won't be added, but would be nice to think about being added.RECAP TIME!So what i liked about the game was:1) It makes you think it is an easy game, then smacks you in the face.2) Sustainability is nearly impossible.3) Its pausable, and relaxing at times.4) Its fun, and funny.What i didn't like about the game was:1) The PriceWhat i think should be added is:1) Builders Mode2) Easy Difficulty3) MultiplayerI think the overall game in its early access state isDrumroll!...8.5/10Its really good in its early access, still some bugs as the game itself states, it is really challenging, but fun, I don't like how it is so challenging it makes me want to rip my hair out however (Why i suggested Easy Difficulty).One thing to say before i go, I've been seeing a lot of Not Recommended Reviews from people with only 10 hours of expiriance, Don't listen to them, the more expiriance someone has the more likely their view is more correct."
76561198078696928,Recommended,457140,32777161,Posted: 25 June,all,Frankincense,"This game is wonderfully entertaining and it offers so many unexpected challenges, even though the game is in Early Access it's still very much playable and enjoyable, and it's a lot of fun to face different obstacles as the game updates and you need to shape new strategies to be able to survive and grow your base. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes survival and any kind of base building game."
76561198384223072,Recommended,457140,33548086,Posted: 14 July,all,SHEER HEART ATTACK,very good and amazing artstyle no bugs i can see and functions pretty good
,Not Recommended,457140,34534053,Posted: 27 August,all,BigBarton,lol
76561198002537147,Recommended,457140,34845425,Posted: 9 September,all,PsykoKitty,"I was almost put off buying this game because of the recent reviews, but i went ahead anyway as it popped up on sale, and i'm glad i did!The game is great fun, and so far only experienced one bug, which is the ""duplicants"" (your little colonists) getting stuck on ladders sometimes. But a quick restart and all is fine.It's early access, clearly noted that there may be bugs and to report them, so what do you expect?I don't understand the issues about the germs in the negative reviews? I haven't had any issues myself.It's quite easy to manage, and also adds a little extra to the game. You have to think, and plan ahead, so if you don't like using your brain, then this isn't the game for you ;)The game is very similar to Rimworld, in that you have 3 ""duplicants"" to start off with. You meet their needs, such as building a toilet before they start peeing all over the place and creating icky problems.As you dig through the asteroid/comet you've been dropped into, creating your home, you collect resourses and put those resources to good use.Build beds, furniture, decorations, computers, create food etc etc.Research new tech, build better and more resourse preserving devices to help your colony survive for as long as possible.Every now and again you get the option to add a new ""duplicant"" to your colony. You can choose to accept, or not. You get a choice of 3, take a look at the stats, their positives, and their negatives, such as a mouth breather wouldn't be the best idea if you are short on oxygen....or if you have beds close together, you might not want to add a loud sleeper that will annoy the hell out of your other ""duplicants"" who just want to have a good nights sleep ;)This game has the same quirky animation and design that i loved in Don't Starve.If you enjoy Rimworld, but want a slightly different challenge, then i recommend this game.I cannot wait to see what they add in the future. I'm certainly happy i bought in now, as it's presented no major problems gameplay wise for me, and i've spent the last two days having fun with it. - Don't take notice of my hours played, i've been playing this mainly offline.My only slight..very very slight negative is the tutorial. In that, there isn't really one? You get a few ""Hints"" pop up at the start and thats about it. But nothing a quick Youtube search won't fix ;) Other than that, great game in its current state :)"
76561198191849227,Recommended,457140,35432012,Posted: 2 October,all,Kleadron,"Its goodthe name is wrong though, there actualy is oxygenbut you have to make more of itand you have to make foodand you have to build bathroomsand you have to digand you have to not dieits good"
,Recommended,457140,31852615,Posted: 19 May,all,SmileyWar,"OMG, this is such a great game. A little complicated in the beginning where I did not know how things workd. But damn, this is an adictive game! Thank you :D"
76561198085653640,Recommended,457140,31905891,Posted: 22 May,all,Ikane,"I bought this game because Don't Starve is one of my favorites out there. I am not disappointed. It's a very good game with a lot of potential, very original and it's different from Don't Starve but you still get that don't-starve vibe.It's a game where you have to manage your colony in space. Now, it may seem simple enough, but it's really not. You have to take several things into account and just like it happens with Don't Starve, you have to gradually learn from trial and error! Also, know how in starve you don't die from hunger? Well, Oxygen isn't the only thing that's not included.The art is very pretty and it never feels repetitive. Each time you start a game you get a random set up, just like it happens in Don't Starve. This makes every new map an adventure. You might get a very difficult map, with a lot of polluted air and no water nearby, or you might get the best map (and still manage to screw up).Plus, the little guys are very cute. Just sayin'. They end up being your babies. Your messed up babies. The little sounds they make when they're eating happily make my days better.I really recommend this game, however, bear with it. It's early access, so there are stressful moments that make you wonder why on earth it's that hard. It's simply because they're working on it, so if you're not a patient person, don't buy it yet. If you are patient and you like Don't Starve, then absolutely get this game!"
,Recommended,457140,31936595,Posted: 24 May,all,IkBenJam,This is a game that will get you addicted. Proceed with caution.
,Recommended,457140,32031272,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr. Jackpots,"Much has been said in other reviews about how this game plays and what you can do with it so I want to focus a bit on the two things that stand out for me with this wonderful game: the art style and the survival sandbox theme (and specifically how it compares to my personal favourite, Rimworld).The music and sound effects are superbly done! I love the thoughtfully animated graphics in this game: the style and execution really is in a class of it's own, (I remember the first time I noticed the detail in how the colonists hop onto and off a ladder to a platform, a small thing perhaps but the attention to detail is really lovely) and in a world with thousands and thousands of retro/minimal inspired indy games all jostling for attention, Oxygen Not Included stands head and shoulders above other similar styles.I'm into roguelikes: whilst I don't necessarily over-value gameplay over graphics like some of the other fans of the genre, I'm happy to play games that don't score highly on visuals if they play well. ONI is a nice example of a game where the graphics and gameplay perfectly compliment one another: there's a feel that the developers have gone above and beyond functionality and created something very beautiful to draw you into the little world you are running.It's easy to want to try to compare this to Rimwold, owing to thematic similarities, but really they are quite different games. Rimworld is far more complex in scope (and in turn pales in comparison to it's genre defining father, Dwarf Fortress, though I'd argue it beats DF on interface and user-friendliness by leaps and miles) and as such it's probably an unfair comparison to make directly. That being said, ONI has clearly taken direct inspiration (read stolen) much of Rimworld's ideas, streamlined and redigested them to fit their ant-farm style of play. This works well, I think. Whilst we're playing this game of comparison, Oxygen Not Included draws you in through it's graphics and great audio, which allows less for your imagination to take over (a stated goal in Rimworld and those DF/Roguelike inspired games in general) but a more immersive and visceral experience: you'll know what I'm talking about the first time you experience the horror on the faces of your screaming colonists as they chase one around like headless chickens drowning in their own urine.I can see they're planning to add more, but really in the state it is in already, there is a lot of fun to be had here. I buy a lot of games, and play most of them (a bit) but I really think that this is one I'll be coming back to time and time again to see what else I can do with it."
76561197962755428,Recommended,457140,32031994,Posted: 28 May,all,skitchss,Great game already. Great developer. Great fun.I'm a cynical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I think you should play O2 Not Included.
76561197998455554,Recommended,457140,33776061,Posted: 24 July,all,Oldmanfang,I love this game. Its fun hard interesting and Well made. I have great hopes for this game.
,Recommended,457140,33804409,Posted: 26 July,all,fuck this profile,"Despite the title, oxygen is actually included."
,Recommended,457140,33844993,Posted: 27 July,all,Krystlvaynes,This game is freakin' fun. Even the ridiculous way Dupes will get their heads stuck in blocks and just hang there with muffled screaming until they suffocate to death is adorable.
76561198377274837,Recommended,457140,33868895,Posted: 28 July,all,Ecoreibun,"Theres still a glich with the bio mashine where the copies don't interact with it, but i love this game regardless."
76561198281277927,Recommended,457140,34064329,Posted: 6 August,all,zlenderkight,Its very fun and addicting but also challenging. I'd rate it a 4.5 as its a really good game but there are bugs that killed 4 of my collenists (going up and down on blocks underwater and not moving at all and sying they where delivering stuff.) and there is no tab and no way to build or use gas pipes.
76561198042969484,Recommended,457140,34072480,Posted: 6 August,all,TheAwakeningOne,"It is an impressive game with a lot of potential. The developers put a lot of time and effort into each update, and you can tell they listen to player input. I am 50 hours into the game and I have barely scratched the surface of what the game has to offer."
76561198045245819,Recommended,457140,34074589,Posted: 6 August,all,sharkysnarky,"I love this game, the updates have made things a lot easier. Water is a tricky thing but... it's really addictive overall. <3 Love it."
76561198294647437,Recommended,457140,34074665,Posted: 6 August,all,BrianHansen,"I like it. It has this uniqe tocuh that you must feel to understand. Sure, the energy was annoying at first, but given some time you will figure out everything and you will be hooked."
76561198192345649,Recommended,457140,35092324,Posted: 20 September,all,Gay Ass Remi,a GREAT game. love.
,Recommended,457140,31891852,Posted: 21 May,all,Zim Zam The Spaceman #SpyMain,the ups:great gameplay and machanicsgreat are styleeasy to pick upnon steep lerning curvethe downs:the AI derps out sometimescrashes and bugslack of content for the late gamescore 8/10but also thsi games in easly accses so the downsides of the game will change
,Recommended,457140,31946496,Posted: 24 May,all,Vladimir Putin,"So far this game is a thumbs up for me. Everything that i love is here! (Fall Out, Don't Starve and etc.)There's Only One Problem. The Tutorials can't be that noticable at first. Had to figure it all out at first but loved it.I'LL BUY THIS IF I WERE YOU!"
,Recommended,457140,31975433,Posted: 26 May,all,Austin,best game ever no complaints
,Recommended,457140,32020862,Posted: 28 May,all,TheAngryGrackle,"I purchased the game right after the agriculture update so I can't talk about anything before that. That said, this game has taken over my life. I have started countless new colonies thinking I have figured out solutions to problem, which usually I did, only to have new ones pop up or unforseen circumstances pop up.While by no means perfect and currently somewhat shallow as far as I can tell, this game has tons of potential, is already a game I am raving about to friends, and cannot stop playing. Would HIGHLY recommend if you enjoy management style games like Factorio or other resource management games. Now to try and help populate the wiki..."
76561198128994680,Recommended,457140,32031673,Posted: 28 May,all,iDame,"Caveat: I know this is early accessGreat game. Very similar to Rim World, but better realised. There is already a lot of depth to the things that need to be managed, and I suspect more to come. Each time I play I get closer to building the perfect colony, but it always escapes me.I guess it's not a whole lot like Don't Starve and there isn't any 'plot' yet, so people might be a little disappointed, so don't go in with that expectation. This is a colony survival game - the new RTS fad where instead of war games you are playing against the environment.Things I enjoy and hope to see more of:- Perks and porks for duplicants- different creaturesThings I haven't seen but would like:- Plot- EventsThings that annoy me:- Things tend to spiral out of control, even if you jump on an issue pretty quickly, so there is not a lot you can do if something goes wrong, other than watch the colony crumble into a quivering mass of stress, then save scrub and try to fix the issue before it happens, then give up and start a new colony."
76561198108910459,Recommended,457140,32033649,Posted: 28 May,all,Faith.將軍,- Awesome art work- A more challenging game compare to Don't Starve (Games get harder on each cycle as resources deplated)- Very playable early access game- One of the best base design survival game
,Recommended,457140,32815309,Posted: 26 June,all,Mareşal™,"This game looks like pretty. Graphics are really cute :3 i loved too much. Musics are ok. But my favorite thing is duplicants (duplicants are our survivors). They have been drawn really good and they might be funny sometimes :D. And duplicants have got emotions (crying, sad, depressed and more ...). You have to manage, feed, clean, make them sleep, make them happy your duplicants. If you don't, they will be sad, unhealthy, depressive and angry. This game have physics rules. For example; oxygen is light gas and it goes up, co2 is heavy gas and it goes down. You must know simple physics rules to make them safe.But you can't play easy. Because this game is hard (my opinion) to new players. You can mess up everything. You can kill your duplicants. If they die, you should build a grave. Klei should add simple tutorials. But you can watch youtubers/streamers to how do they survive. Sometimes our duplicants could be silly. For example; you give a primary job but they do unnecessary jobs. They love sleeping eating and going to wc too much.I'm waiting 'trade update'. (there is no trade update but i want to see) Because your resources could drain away and you can't do anything. I want to use golds to trade resources. Maybe Klei add a space merchant and we can do trade.If you like survival, manage, and under 1-5GB games you should try."
,Recommended,457140,33183947,Posted: 3 July,all,Nahhah Backra,good game
,Recommended,457140,33218508,Posted: 4 July,all,cbe322,great game. makes you think ahead about your duplicants' survival and requires a lot of base planning.
76561198164587229,Recommended,457140,33328271,Posted: 6 July,all,Poptart is Salty,"First Off this is a great game and i love it but im gonna make fun of how stupid the Duplicants can be and with that let the Story of a duplicant begin... Cycle  1: Hello I am James I have found a rare creature never before seen... So i killed it and then ate it corpse. Cycle 10: I found a new type of rock and got my own cot it was amazing. Cycle 15: I feel like someone told me to build a ladder because someone was gonna die... Meh doesnt matter. Cycle 16: Huh i guess i had to build a Ladder it turns out Jarry Drowned because he couldnt get out of the Water... Meh its not my fault its meeps fault even though she was cooking. Cycle 20: AHHHHH IM STUCK I CANT GET DOWN ITS A THREE BLOCK FALL TO GET DOWN HERE, I CANT BUILD A LADDER AND IM DROWING AHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Cycle 21: ALERT: James has Drowned"
76561198102160055,Recommended,457140,33381851,Posted: 8 July,all,hylotl chef,"i like it,hard to understand or play for beginners unless u learn on youtube but mainly for people who wanna khow what its about,u have 3 starter people that u must make to colonize,NOW theres no reproducing but u can PRINT others into your colony,when u start,go around blocks and NOT go into vaccums or other area's,u may get near or mine the corners of it's hole with oxygen u can go in but u will expand your oxygen nearly so don't go expand too quickly just get resources,ladder's,to expand up and create new area's for your base,may sound confusing u will learn."
76561198076336450,Recommended,457140,32025622,Posted: 28 May,all,AmpleSally,"This game is great! I've got over 200 hrs logged and there's still new challenges every time I load either a new game or an old save. There's still a lot of work to do before this game is perfect. There are no tutorials so it's kind of trial by fire for the first couple colonies you start. But it doesn't take long before you understand most of the mechanics. There is no ""end game"" yet, but just setting your own goals for survival in cycles is pretty good incentive. Basically if you enjoy sandbox or survival games, then you will love this game. It has a lot of Rimworld like elements but with more science."
76561198007252808,Recommended,457140,32027465,Posted: 28 May,all,McMottek,"so there's this new space colony building simulation game in alpha without any tutorial and klei wants 20,- € for it....i'd say it's worth every penny and that klei should under any circumstances not provide a tutorial.it was especially that circumstance that my first well intended colonial enterprise come to an unfortunate and untimely ending.it took me a few tries until i sucessfully managed to run a half decent colony and with what i had learned in each trial my colonies started to prosper and thrive longer and better but still were doomed to a ceratin and probably painfull failure.still it always was a great learning experience and there was always something to improve or to consider and a lot of fun.it's thiss great learning by doing experience that makes it so enjoyable.with almost any degree of freedom you can build the colony of your liking but i won't go into detail here as this would clearly spoil a lot of fun for the bold entrepreneurial spacefarer.but i will say this: it's a well mixed portion of physics and decent common sense.as for alpha:it runs pretty smooth, i only had 3 or 4 crashes so far and 1 that the programm recognised and wanted to report.the UI is pretty ok but i would like a few more hotkeys e.g. when setting the priority after selecting a certain order.clearly there's some room for improvement there.apart from that it's a pretty self explanatory. and with every new colony you'll learn to use and incorporate what information there is and always was. you'll see and you'll know.what i would like for this game so far:- more content in terms of resource usability and building respectively research options- a memory performane optimization for it tends to freeze for a few seconds sometimes during long gameplaysconclusion:even in alpha so far this game definitely is worth every penny of its price.edit:klei did a wounderful job on don't starve and oxygen not included again is a great game with a wounderful well known graphical style. it's punishing as much as it's rewarding and even after a lot of ingame hours i still want to spend time on it."
76561198170878199,Recommended,457140,32047187,Posted: 29 May,all,LightZapper,"This is an awsome game, its very challenging but that just adds to the fun! I stop playing it for a while because to me it felt like it was becoming a bit repetitive so I'm waiting for further updates. If you love games that are survival based and challenging then I recommend you buy this game."
76561198262998839,Recommended,457140,32088436,Posted: 31 May,all,your nightmare,its amazing
76561198070874289,Recommended,457140,32089101,Posted: 31 May,all,zetathix,"Bugs here and there , because this is alpha. If you want smart AI or smooth gameplay without any stupidity , wait for later.At this state is playable and unpredictable."
,Recommended,457140,32277106,Posted: 8 June,all,Andrew,Honestly love this game.  Bought the early access the second it was available on the forums.  The development company behind this game has a track record for being amazing to their playerbase and I've seen nothing but good things.
,Recommended,457140,32333175,Posted: 10 June,all,[Odd] Aaron,Great Game
,Recommended,457140,32401233,Posted: 13 June,all,RagingRapscallion,"TL;DR: Amazing concept, playable but early in development and therefore buggy as all hell. Only for people who want to support the dev or have an interest in game development.How much fun this game is varies a lot depending on what they fix or break with new patches but it is definitely on a great way and the developers know what they are doing. Essentially this is Fallout Shelter, but with an actual game to play instead of timers. Its weirdly realistic in some places and whimsical and crazy in others, all in all a fun mix that is probably not everyone's taste.Even though there is a lot of stuff to do already and the game also contains a lot of tutorials it was actually very easy to understand quickly without them and everything follows a kind of common sense logic.There are a lot of bugs and glitches though and the AI keeps breaking after patches so its only a must buy for very patient people who like to see game development happening before their eyes."
,Recommended,457140,31951390,Posted: 25 May,all,Lemming,Awesome game. 10/10 would kill all my guys by stressing them out again.
76561197970531951,Recommended,457140,31962068,Posted: 25 May,all,evilmat,I sealed up the septic tank and drowned my favorite duplicant in urine.Best game ever!
,Recommended,457140,31999992,Posted: 27 May,all,Birdy / Firouzeh,"Excellent game! Easy to get into, and by amazing developers!"
76561197997926301,Recommended,457140,32088741,Posted: 31 May,all,Foxtrot,Got this game at an early state and its already looking good. i have had some great times and it is not even done yet.be prepared to fail the first time.i like this game.
76561198126454620,Recommended,457140,32151688,Posted: 3 June,all,Cephaloponce,"a game that gathers a lot from its predissessors from the same company, Klie does the best mixing difficulty and fun."
76561198188652205,Recommended,457140,35484423,Posted: 4 October,all,Ciroloco,"The game is excelent , the only anoying is you can't focus some guys to do certain jobs , like maintain the coal generator, it get stuck doing another things.another thing is when you puse some floors over the slime , the dupes going and back desinfect the floor , over and over again.Maybe a container for different gases will be nice , so you can pump  into this container and then distribute . the same for water."
,Recommended,457140,31839421,Posted: 19 May,all,SoddenlyMoist,Metric system. Take that America!
,Recommended,457140,31897371,Posted: 22 May,all,EpicMayhem,"This game still has a whole bunch of missing stuff and so much more that they could add that they might not add, like teleporters and butt massage machines :DPlayed for 2 days flat on the weekend and still have more to do. Kept running out of oxygen on my play thoughs.Love how this game is easy... Then gets a little tricky... Then punch in the face hard and death soon after... Only because im learning :D *cough*"
,Recommended,457140,31908961,Posted: 22 May,all,Pandemonic,"BreathtakingShort version at the end!!!Warning!!!This game is still in the early phases of early access. Although the game is, in my opinion, exceptionally well polished for an early access game and the core mechanics are rock solid it is yet rather lacking in content and even though i did not suffer any performance issues or game breaking bugs that might not be true for you. So if you are not into that..... don't buy it......  yet ;)Let me start by saying that i am a huge fan ofKlei'swork. I countMark of the NinjaandDon't Starveamong my favorite games and i have yearned forOxygen not includedsince i first heard of it.And despite my unreasonably high expectations i was sill very impressed.Here is why:Oxygen not Includedis essentially a game about building a habitable base and micro managing a small bunch of adorable little guys and girls(who are somehow stranded inside an asteroid)to prevent them from starving and/or suffocating horribly, and maybe even keeping them mentally stable in the process.You do this by ordering them to dig tunnels into the rock around them and letting them use the minerals and metals they gather in the process to build rooms, ladders, mashies and furniture, and the seeds and plants they find in caves to create simple farms(Unless you want to make them eat moisturized dirt which you can totally do and they will hate you for it).These base game mechanics are in and of themselves, while well executed, nothing special. The real meat of the game lies in understanding and utilizing the(rather realistic)behavior of the gasses and to a lesser extent liquids your guys are surrounded by and submerged in.InOxygen not includedOxygen and other gasses are not just statically present or not, but rather move around dynamically and constantly have to be accounted for. You can not just plop your air scrubber or photosynthesizing algae wherever you want, you have to carefully consider the flow of air in your base(carbon dioxide slowly sinks down while oxygen tends to rise up). You also have to take care to design your base in a way to allow for good ventilation and exchange of gasses or your people will soon asphyxiate in their own dorm. These systems only gain depth and complexity as you move to later stages of the game and suddenly the quick rising Hydrogen, the breathable but toxic gasses from your sewage system and(depending on your digging choices)the deadly chlorine enter the mix.But managing the air in your base is only one of many challenges. Creating a functioning power grid, constructing a sewage system so your guys and girls don't pee themselves(which they actually do if there are no toilets)taking care of your plants and later even temperature control while at the same time managing the stress of your people by keeping the environment nice and clean, so they wont break and stress eat all the stored food, go berserk on the machines that keep them alive or vomit in the water tank, all while dealing with inherently limited and constantly dwindling recourses can be quite a daunting task at first.Luckily the game gives you an array of simple but versatile tools ranging from gas and liquids pumps and filters over Different generators, batteries and wires, heaters and sensors to pipes, vents and even gas permeable walls and floors, as well as an excellent and easily controllable interface with many different overlays and settings.This is a game that rewards creativity, unconventional thinking and learning from your own mistakes.Most of the time there are innovative ways to work around problems and lack of recourses and i found the constant tinkering with your own systems highly addictive and rewarding especially when you finally manage to create a stable base(took me 6 tries and 30 hours). And you can really go crazy while playing with the physics, you could even conceivably melt and subsequently vaporize solid materials and pump them around or cool down gasses like hydrogen or oxygen to liquid or even solid forms.Provided you have the power and recourses.All that said, the game is at this point still lacking in content, the research tree is ridiculously short, and when you finally reach a stable and self sufficient state, there is not much left to doo.However i bought this game because i wanted to support it and I'm confident thatKleiwill provide frequent updates as they have withDon't starveThe game ran relatively bug free for me, in fact in 33h i only had one gameplay impacting bug, a guy teleported into a wall and died there, and that was not much of an issue because of the frequent backup saves the game creates automatically.Performance wise i did not encounter any problems, however some people seem to struggle with crashes and other issues, so take care.Conclusion/TLDRIf you are, like me, a fan of Klei and their work, or if you are really into base building and micro managing and don't mind some early access issues.  !!THEN BUY IT!!(you can still refund it if you experience technical issues or the gameplay immediately turns you off)However if you don't care that much aboutKleior have only a passing interest in these types of games,you should probably hold of for now, or at least watch some gameplay videos first.If you liked this review, please give it a thumbs up ;D"
76561198274379354,Recommended,457140,31960223,Posted: 25 May,all,(┛◉Д◉)┛彡┻━┻,"awsome . . . just awsome i got this game before it was on steam . . . dont regret it eather !   if a DEV just so happens to reed this review i just wanna say that when the duplicates are ( mad / sick ) . . .when the jump up  one block the lunge forward and the item they are holding ( water,seed's,etc.) the item glitches and pops out of tere hand for a second (above them) then when the ''lunge'' animation is done the item gets put in there hand again. Other than any of that i realy think this game is worth the money very adictive when your base does not succeed you see what went wrong and you come up with new more better idea's and when thoes fail you build a better one and it goes on. This game is great for passing the time or when u have no internet. over all it is 11 / 10. something that i seem to struggle with is when you get far in the game like 2 hours in the duplicates dont realy comply to commands like if you need somthing built they will ignore it and continue doing whatever it was they were doing. Another thing that realy irritated me was when water was spilt on the ground the duplicates will keep siphoning it ( the puddle ) but the water will keep coming back to it like it has infinite water to it but they can only cary a very small amount of it so they will suck the water up its gone then it comes back and this continues and get's in the way of the orders u gave them even if you set the priority of the thing you want done to a ( P 9 ) and the thing they are working on to a ( P 1 ) they will keep doing it but with the latest update with the well it might have fixed this problem.     Another problem till this day is when you are mining a space filled with water like a square ( deep enough to were you need a ladder ) the duplicates with mine all the blocks by the ladder and they walk out away from the ladder a bit and mine thoes blocks but the furthest blocks from the ladder will be ''un-reachable'' even thoes the duplicates can walk to the location and reach the blocks i dont know if this is a bug or not but it seems like it. Other than all of that it is a fun game and i just play around it. ( 11 / 10 )"
,Recommended,457140,32051879,Posted: 29 May,all,nuke,Great base building survival game. Klei never dissapoints
,Recommended,457140,32085908,Posted: 31 May,all,CrystAliz€|2,Very good game ! Nice graphic and gameplay. You will learn new things every time you restart a new colony.
76561198030794979,Recommended,457140,32299677,Posted: 9 June,all,JohnvanTuyn,"Surprisingly deep and fun. I keep thinking I manged to build a sustainable base and then the next crisis looms, and it's something different every time. Well done, that's something i didn't know I've been wanting in this kind of game!Given that it's still in alpha, I have good hopes that this game will improve further still, a very good contender for best base builder game ever."
76561198125887097,Recommended,457140,32401859,Posted: 13 June,all,Bentheben01,needs more to do
76561198087319084,Recommended,457140,32478885,Posted: 16 June,all,taxmanschaft,"I've been sitting and watching the duplicants from cycle 20 to 25 run around like headless chickens. Queued build and dig tasks received like 2% attention at default priority. All they seemed to accomplish in that time was to run around delivering fertillizer for the farms.I have two pairs of food processing, the one that squeezes out dirt and then fries it on the stove-thing, but the colony went into food decline, even though resources were available.Air filtration was automated at this point, though it was nowhere near sufficient, because construction accidents around polluted water led to clean water pipes filling up with grime and I didn't have filtration research. I had three coal generators on priority 7 which satisfied the power needs.The biggest bottleneck at this patch level seems to be FOOD. Farms should grow food at least five times faster, or duplicant hunger should be adjusted. I rate the game un-playable without food cheats at this time."
76561198074452358,Recommended,457140,32752580,Posted: 24 June,all,FloBelle,"I previously praised this early access and I still can't wait for the full release !!!That said, there are some things that I think need reworking, adittions or that are just plain annoying ...Number 1. Decor.I hate the decor system in ONI. Like WHY do your Duplicants NEED to get stressed, just because they see some pipes or machines or heck, even planter boxes ???Like, DUDE, that pipe there runs the water you can FINALLY shower with and the machine there makes the oxygen you need to BREATHE and that planter box there grows the FOOD you need to SURVIVE !!!Screw decor, SURVIVAL is attractive ... (Also, since when are plants in boxes ugly? Like, there's an official potted plant that's considered ""decorative"" but the ones that grow food aren't? WHAT !?2. Duplicant Logic & IntelligenceYou CAN'T take your eyes off of them for one second or they are gonna kill themselves (sigh) ...This has happened multiple times now. I tell them to dig some hole for a water reservoir and simultaneously some ladders (same priority level) and what do they do? Of course dig first and THEN build the ladders. Only problem, when they finally start building the ladders, they're already halfway suffocating! For reals, why can't they prioretize a way out over digging a hole?And this is just one example of many. I want smarter Dublicants ...3. PlantsI thought this one was obvious, so I was very surprised to find out that plants (none of them) seem to produce oxygen. What? Why !?I want plants to be more like irl and eat CO2 and give O2 by (day)light and vice versa by ""night"" or in darkness ...4. Sweeping ... always that damn sweepingTelling your Dups to sweep or even mop REPEADETLY is damn annoying. And even if you do (level 9 priority), they don't pick stuff up sometimes, even if there's a place and space to do so.Like, why do you harvest the meal lice, BUT DON'T pick it up ??? And then you're wondering why you get food poisioning, ya nasty (facepalm) ...Sincerely,An exasperated fan"
76561198127472484,Recommended,457140,32755468,Posted: 24 June,all,omegatoalpha666,"This game is a very complex and fun game to play, Base building is fun and intense with lots of options, Micromanaging is a key part of this game, maintaining temperature, water and food supply, atmospheric control and keeping your minions happy involve a lot of work"
76561198017600782,Recommended,457140,32975089,Posted: 28 June,all,Renfield628,The game has a surprisingly large amount of content and depth. You go from surviving off mush to creating your own custom mansion for your colony. It is a game of engineering and optimization.Be advised that it can be frustrating at first due to the steep learning curve.
76561198389058705,Recommended,457140,34114633,Posted: 8 August,all,forestgamer141,very very fun
76561197991649679,Recommended,457140,34480516,Posted: 25 August,all,Arilou,Good base building sim. Unfinished at the moment but still fun to play.A cartoonish take on base building a not very deep yet challenging crossbreed between starbound and rimworld
76561198373921558,Recommended,457140,35485369,Posted: 4 October,all,mmaples115,"This game is AWESOME. I love it, I love it, I love it. The only thing that I wish there could be, is that for a ""creative game mode or a specialized custom game, you can edit the characteristics of each duplicants, but for every one you change, either a stress response gets worse or decor expectancy goes up. Also maybe a laundry machine would be cool to help with dirty or grimy stress aspects. Other than that, a well built and executed game. Love it!Definitely worth the money I paid for it."
,Recommended,457140,31893946,Posted: 21 May,all,DASASDSADSA,It's good and have a lot of fun stuffbut it still alpha the game still have a lot of bug and crash.-Good for hardcore build base gamer.
76561198063121518,Recommended,457140,33717603,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"If you liked Don't starve you'll definitely like this, obviously not finished but a good challenge you'll keep trying to get just one more hour on. Another game from Klei where you never really win, you just do better each time"
76561198131156570,Recommended,457140,33756439,Posted: 23 July,all,Die4Now,WOW! YES YES YES! It's an epic game for me. I've replayed this so many times now. Looking forward to updates :)
,Recommended,457140,33890370,Posted: 29 July,all,|TSR| Knirp Jr.,its fun but it gets a litle stale
,Recommended,457140,33978169,Posted: 2 August,all,FreeJAC1310,I cannot get enough of this game. (Almost 300hrs now) Who knew mechanical engineering was so fun! ;)
76561198402496891,Recommended,457140,34214434,Posted: 13 August,all,TheLastLeviathan,This game is highly addictive. played for like12 hours straight. i felt like i was glued to my computer. i have been a die hard Dont Starve fan for years now and this game is executed in a very similar way. There are so many pressing things that need to get done at any given time. You really need to strategize and plan every move. Im blabbering. Great game. Highly recommended. I paid $24 for my copy and I feel like I got a good deal. So I suggest you hop on now while its on sale.
,Recommended,457140,34452048,Posted: 23 August,all,Intell289,I don't have much experience so far but it is great so far. It is a challenge and that is why it beats so many other games. Can be buggy but its early access so can't really blame. Great game and can't wait for more updates!
76561198079791438,Recommended,457140,34471846,Posted: 24 August,all,Namu The Space Bunny,"Two Hours Or Less Review---------------------------After playing an hour of Oxygen NOt Included, I'm happy to say ""I like it"". It's not a game that I would play consistantly because of my low retention rate for certain games. But, It's one game that I would suggest to the community if you are into those kind of ""Master of your own world"" Kind of games. The kind of game where you make a base and control what your little guys do. I've managed to make a base in an hour and create a nice little community of Dudes/Girls who ran around killing some little chompey things and flying gas balls that poop slime. Dear god if you don't make enough food, Oxygen and clean. People can get sick and stuff can get overwhelming. It's best to stay ontop of everything and keep your place swept and clean. Now, For the bad. My only thing I had an issue with was the graphical gliches when you moved really quick. I would suggest this game to others so play the game."
,Recommended,457140,35356030,Posted: 30 September,all,Owlchemist,"This is early access done right! The devs seem to take their update schedules very seriously, to the point that even the title screen has a countdown on when you can expect the next update. I've never seen another EA game do that before. And from what I've seen, the updates have been substantial as well, the game development progressing at an impressive rate.Now, as for the game itself, if this is your type of genre, you should get great value out of the price. There's tons of content to keep you busy already, and the art style is charming and entertaining to watch. A very deep and complex set of mechanics will always have you thinking about how you can design your base better and better."
76561198044258207,Recommended,457140,31838195,Posted: 19 May,all,Joe Postman,Rimworld+Dont Starve graphics=Fun
76561197987065581,Recommended,457140,31910167,Posted: 22 May,all,Xiane,"What is Oxygen: Not Included? Is it for you? Will it be abandonware in a few months?The short answer to that spiel: Fun. Yes. No.If you've ever played Don't Starve (or its MP version) you'll recognize the artstyle. Beautifully cartoony yet not white washed RGBs. Graphically speaking even in Early Access, O:NI runs beautifully. You little dupes run around crazily and act wonderfully. There's not a whole slew of differences between male or female or specific personalities. Other than casual renames (I personally use Youtubers) you won't fall in love with an individual dupes actions (Though having a narcoleptic Ohmwrecker falling asleep at his computer gave me a few chuckles ;) ) but you will see them run around trying to get stuff done and hopefully survive.Sadly there's currently no tutorial so if you've never watched a youtube video you will be grossly uninformed about what this game does and how it acts. So here's a quick coles notes:1) There are liquid and gas physics. You DO have to manage where various good and bad gasses travel through your base while being careful not to flood your basement.2) Dupes, like you and I, are filthy things. Insert food and oxygen, out comes all sorts of harmful gases and by products. You have to manage where this waste goes early or they'll be swimming in their own literal manure.3) Food is hard to come by. As is water and power. Do NOT try to get as many people into your base as you can until you are sure that extra mouth can be supported. As a general heads up: Avoid all duplicates that have destructive stress or have gross over eating habits unless you are completely comfortable with setting up a self sufficent base.There is no 'end game' at the moment. Your poor dupes will not get rescued after X cycles pass. The main purpose of this game (at the time of this writing) is to develop a self sustaining home and last as long as you can before you eventually run out of resources. Think early builds of Rimworld, the difficulty of surviving was a gradual progression to where its a contest of how far you can get before all hell breaks loose and everyone dies.The big question though, is it for you?Quite possible. Like Rimworld, like Don't Starve. The true guts of the game is to test your own experimental builds and live as long as possible. If you enjoy that sort of gameplay without a set 'You are Weiner!' goal, GET THIS GAME NOW. If you need to be hand held where everything is explained? Wait a bit. Watch some lets plays. Blitzgrieger for example has multiple play throughs of a few builds which show alot of what can and will happen to you.Still in short, yes its early access and this might shade you opinion to be less than stellar. But with fairly regular updates and an already fun existing game layout its worth its price."
76561198009949087,Recommended,457140,31944063,Posted: 24 May,all,Darkred Pillow,"if we can expect half of the update they did to make don t starve this game will rock as much. but right now the price is a bit high for what it has to offer, but if it s on special go on get it dont miss it !"
,Recommended,457140,32024395,Posted: 28 May,all,DJ SymBiotiX,"If you are somebody that enjoys simulation/resource management/survival, then this game is for you. It can be relatively simple, but can get extremely complicated if you want it to. Very fun, and expansive. So much to do, and so many resources to manage. Played it for 5 hours the very first time I loaded it up."
,Recommended,457140,32093859,Posted: 31 May,all,PinkGod ⌂,"too addictive, once you play it never stops, dont even feel it when youre hungry"
76561198154969830,Recommended,457140,32139611,Posted: 2 June,all,eat your pride with your hat,"Big RimWorld fan here, had to try this one.  I'll keep this short and sweet for y'all:Right now ONI is *way* more environmentally focused in comparison to RW--you have to seriously conserve natural resources and be careful with what you build.  It's a lot more in depth in that cocern.  The combat is almost non-existant, though I""m thinking that will come later.  Overal I'd put it on par with RW, and give it a 8/10.  Worth every bit of the $25 IMO."
,Recommended,457140,32238297,Posted: 7 June,all,KrautTrooper.de,Crying about soggy feet results in everyone getting soggy feet. Everyone cries.
,Recommended,457140,32406200,Posted: 14 June,all,EroMonsterSanji,Very aweson game. Still waiting for the release for mac.
76561198104070389,Recommended,457140,32416460,Posted: 14 June,all,brenton,"DISCLAIMER: this game is fun. I like it. That being said...This is a fun yet needlessly complicated/difficult gameTo be clear, I fully understand that the genre of this game dictates that it SHOULD be complicated/difficult, but something just feels kinda *off* about it...After playing the game over the course of a couple days, I have come to the conclusion that there are far too many barriers and too many things holding you back from success - moreso than necessary.Reviews have already stated that the mid-portion of this game is often grueling/grindy and those reviews would 100% be correct, but then they try to defend that difficulty....there's only so much you can defend about this game's difficulty.To the mods: there is no need for the duplicant's negative traits to be so...harsh.got one that has IBS? they are gunna waste a lot of time in the bathroomone that eats a lot? they are gunna waste a lot of time eatingone who sleeps a lot? they are gunna waste a lot of time sleepingsome can't dig, some need to be far removed from the others when sleeping cuz they snore too loud...It's a tad bit ridiculous after a while. This game already has enough going on (you can only water these plants with polluted water in a cooler temperature which is hard as F**K because there are no A/C machines, not to mention that polluted water might not be around or even abundant or it might be above you then you really got to figure sh*t out cuz you don't want polluted water raining down on your duplicants....)do we REALLY need the extra roadblocks?TL;DRI could go on and on about how many complicated/difficult scenarios will pop up in this game and it just feels over the top. There are a needless amount of barriers and the ""solutions"" are difficult to execute, require a LOT of experience to do efficiently, and need good map RNG to not be a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,457140,32913576,Posted: 27 June,all,fatty squirrl,This game is very good but after a couple of hours it eventulaly became very easy
76561198026952938,Recommended,457140,32919504,Posted: 28 June,all,shubby,=]
,Recommended,457140,33067020,Posted: 30 June,all,Haloshs,Great game! The main similarity to Don't Starve is that everybody will die. Everybody. Add this to the awesome Klei art style and we have an amazing 2D Colony Management game!
76561198032744697,Recommended,457140,34459663,Posted: 24 August,all,Fancy Lad,"Oxygen Not Included is another awsome stratdgy game, it very fun to build your own space colony and than messing up and lerning from your misstakes, this game is NOT for casual gamers, it gets preety hard, if your up for the challange i highly recomend picking up this game."
,Recommended,457140,31907324,Posted: 22 May,all,DrJZoidberg,"This is an awesome game! I played it up to now for about 17 hours and it's still challenging for me. There's a lot more to find out, how stuff work (this is the main feature of the game) and how to survive longer. If you like Don't Starve, you should totally give the game a try!"
76561198028178385,Recommended,457140,31920684,Posted: 23 May,all,Faeladi,"As a fan of Dont Starve and Dont Starve Together, there is nothing more to say than ""thank you Klei for another good game"".Its still in EA but i havent encountered any bugs yet (at least any serious ones that could catch my attention) and the game is already fun and can keep you busy for long. Cant wait to see how the game is going to be updated!Recommended :)"
76561198051080916,Recommended,457140,32261806,Posted: 7 June,all,kishkuma,"As others have said, the game is remarkably complex and becomes very challenging in the midgame especially. I love playing it; the art style is appealing to me, I enjoy how 'quickly' you can research stuff (important in a roguelike), and I honestly can't wait to see what else gets added as it goes along.My main issue (especially in the midgame) is just that the game is too hard for me. :P I have yet to find any way of managing perpetual/self-sustaining oxygen creation, and inevitably run out of algae and have to abandon the save. I don't see this as a problem with the game though; I feel it is intentional that it is difficult in this way. That said I hope the developers put in world creation options like they did for Don't Starve, so plebs like me can adjust things to make it a bit easier. XDI feel this game is definitely worth supporting. Given the Dev's history of great releases I am confident this is one early access title that is a safe bet. If you think intense sidescrolling sci-fi colony management sounds like fun give it a try! There are some features that are obviously more limited now than they will be on release, but the current product is still a great deal of fun (if potentially very difficult)."
76561198193765898,Recommended,457140,31860732,Posted: 20 May,all,cjleyden5,-Sent Miner Ren to go mine-Miner Ren Mines the roof-Polluted Water falls on Miner Ren-Miner Ren continues mining although he is neck deep in water-Miner Ren cannot reach the bathroom in Time-Miner Ren made a mess-Miner Ren is now drowning-He continues mining-Miner Ren drowns in his own♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 Rip Miner Ren'Edit:A couple minutes later the game crash and got reset to the beginning of the dayMine Ren cheated death10/10 would cheat death again
76561198140968749,Not Recommended,457140,33258240,Posted: 4 July,all,夙岛,It too hard to play
76561198004235940,Recommended,457140,31862252,Posted: 20 May,all,Kauldric,I am throughly enjoying the challenge of attempting to surive in this simple yet deep colony simulator!  I haven't had this much fun with a game in a while.
,Recommended,457140,32349792,Posted: 11 June,all,Paronity (Idling),"I have no trouble recommending this game. Now is probably a great time to get in on it. The subtle artwork and animation is great. The functionality is great. The only thing that it is lacking right now is longevity of play. I'm sure that will get better with time as they add more functionality, but it get's a bit mundane after a while. I didn't even get that far into it and I felt a bit bored.All in all, it _will_ be a great game once they get more material added in."
76561198083616116,Recommended,457140,31838745,Posted: 19 May,all,SisterBobby,"Brilliant game. Lots of fun, and lots of thinking and planning required. Don't plan your base out well, it'll bite ya: don't foresee temperature problems, it'll bite ya: don't treat your algae like gold dust, it'll bite ya.But even still, it's fun to start again and plan around your newly generated world."
76561198088607678,Recommended,457140,31839429,Posted: 19 May,all,Snipah Shot,Awesome game. Stopped playing after awhile because I reached the point where there is almost nothing to do. Then they updated and I had to start over again. Did that and reached the same point where there isn't much else left to do. Now I am waiting for the next update to maybe start over again and see what else they might introduce.No doubt that this game is worth it.
,Recommended,457140,32227503,Posted: 6 June,all,hepatitisdd,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥all the way down...
,Recommended,457140,32872325,Posted: 27 June,all,Nanachibrarian,"Klei delivers, yo can (and will) die from lack of oxygen."
,Recommended,457140,32241155,Posted: 7 June,all,hunnieƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒsophie,yes make it multiplayer huhuhuhuhu!
76561198024210513,Recommended,457140,32344813,Posted: 11 June,all,Vonksu,"Amazingly fun! I didn´t encounter any game breaking or fun ruining bugs, just some minor things. This game has a lot of potential and I throughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,457140,34601406,Posted: 30 August,all,czp,Give me Linux edition!
76561198361120647,Recommended,457140,31842363,Posted: 19 May,all,JacobTheBulldog,Its like fallout shelter but harder and waaaaaaaay better!!!
76561198354425316,Recommended,457140,34977249,Posted: 15 September,all,SammyWithSirens,Awesome concept. Love the art style and graphics. This game will be huge.
76561198355123240,Recommended,457140,35053705,Posted: 18 September,all,fus7,Don't starve... Klei game... Best ever game company. Go for it.10/10
,Recommended,457140,34489179,Posted: 25 August,all,64Gaming,It's fun
,Recommended,457140,31840472,Posted: 19 May,all,[FHBR]*H4nks,"'Craft the World' and 'Rimworld' hooked up and had a son. And they named it: Oxygen Not Included.This is another one of those dangerous games that if don't pay attetion to the clock, you will easily ""lose"" a couple of hours playing (and enjoying) it.It says 'Early Access', but I can guarantee that it already have enough content to keep out of the 'real world' for a long time."
76561198023459068,Recommended,457140,34636913,Posted: 31 August,all,[JERK] Blastomite,Dont starve + Rimworld + kerbal space programSo good...
76561198097239249,Recommended,457140,34649189,Posted: 31 August,all,NaughtyKitty,"There is a bug, could you please fix it? After I built lavatories, dupes are still keep going to outhouses. So I got rid of all the outhouses because I want them only to use lavatories, then they started to keep peeing their pants and they won't go to lavatories.I just want to say this is an amazing game, even though the Outbreak is a little bit difficult to get use to, it doesn't take the fun out of this game. So keep up the good work and we will support it no matter what. And BIG THANK YOU for making such an amazing game."
,Recommended,457140,31856873,Posted: 20 May,all,warriorscot,"So it's an early access game, that's very obvious, at the moment progress is pretty limited by the AIs stupidity once it gets to a certain size and unfortunately the options to micromanage aren't there to get past the bumps. All that being said it's a fun and interesting game and it's got plenty of potential."
,Recommended,457140,31859891,Posted: 20 May,all,Lt. Burt Reynolds,"Always wanted to eat lice, but never thought I could, being that I'm follicularly challenged.Thanks to 'Oxygen Not Included', now I can!Mmmmmmm, wriggly!"
76561198084497789,Recommended,457140,32206603,Posted: 5 June,all,Schrödinger,muito bom ! recomendo
76561198058126923,Recommended,457140,32070444,Posted: 30 May,all,ITouchPandas,"Betty died crying because she ate all the food.She was the last survivor of many, up until I saw her dead body fall down a ladder at blazing speed into a puddle of her own tears.11/10 will play again."
,Recommended,457140,31844435,Posted: 19 May,all,Anihillator,"Great game, somewhat resembles rimworld but with more physics."
,Recommended,457140,32322984,Posted: 10 June,all,Toxic Hugs,"So far so good, the mechanics are a bit odd when it comes to the gases floating from chamber to chamber, as well as the prioritizing of tasks over each other. I ran into a few cases when my workers would just stand still instead of doing the highest priority task. The research system is very simple and easy to understand, and the resource gathering is time consuming but not overwhelming. I'm certainly looking forward to future updates and addons and hopefully maybe even mods.10/10 would suffocate in hydrogen again."
,Not Recommended,457140,32360484,Posted: 12 June,all,JankySpanks,"this game isn't worth 25$, wait until it goes on sale for 10$ or 5$. The research tree is only 3 tiers deep. It is LITERALLY rimworld but less depth. It takes absolutely minimal strategy- less strategy than minecraft. However the animations and polish is delicious. That's what it's got going for it. Knowing early access games these days it should be ready in about 8 years...edit: the core gameplay doesn't feel rewarding. There is no motivation to expand because there are no enemies. There is no motivation to get more people because you can survive just fine on a small team. Unless you REALLY like crafting on a completely arbitrary basis it doesn't seem like this is going to be a fun or challenging game.As far as ""early access what did you expect"" kind of people which were inevitable, I'd have rather seen them charge a fair price for the content sort of how Minecraft was $10 when it came out, even considering that it gave way more play time. I didn't enjoy my play time on this game, it just felt like I was going through a giant tutorial with no point to it.Hopefully this will help to sway buyers who see it on the ""popular games"" section and think it's a 5/5 when it's really not. $25 is what I'd pay for an enjoyable game like factorio, not to alpha-test somebody's game. Please charge me $10 for that...Support the devs? Yes. Bargain bin? no. Top rated game? No.Hopefully they'll add some more things to make this game more challenging, but until then, I only enjoyed the animations."
,Recommended,457140,31929759,Posted: 23 May,all,nekodo,I've gained great problem solving skills under stress.
,Not Recommended,457140,32107632,Posted: 1 June,all,TolarianAcademy,"nice game for early access hope we will see more soon, not a lot to do atm,btw im getting so annoyed with the korean and chinese stuff all over when i look at the store page, workshop etc..."
,Recommended,457140,31847150,Posted: 19 May,all,roman.tipan.hathorn,I got this in when it was in alpha and it is maybe still one of the BEST games ever.
,Recommended,457140,31899343,Posted: 22 May,all,Salty,"A unique concept with huge potential, interesting early game play with good progression. However limited late game content which is to be expected, but I can assure you that Klei can deliver!"
76561197967244904,Recommended,457140,31912700,Posted: 22 May,all,breakpoint,"This sim has BY FAR my favorite ""losing it"" simulation.  It's hilarious, and you really feel for them.Then you get a little nervous, because they're breaking things.Expensive things.And no one can make them stop..."
,Recommended,457140,32002456,Posted: 27 May,all,blurha blurha,1st base kill by gas2nd kill base by gas3rd kill base by gas8/10
,Recommended,457140,32009220,Posted: 27 May,all,[HG] StrawBerry,Thumbs up
,Recommended,457140,32226200,Posted: 6 June,all,dallasjarrett14,This is a really good game. I totally recommend it.
76561198085489801,Recommended,457140,32262661,Posted: 8 June,all,WinnB,It's good
76561198023278001,Recommended,457140,32455948,Posted: 15 June,all,Old Man MightyEye,"It is an interesting and surprisingly complex game. The game ramps up in difficulty at a reasonable level and will keep you busy and happy for hours. Unfortunately, the mechanics gear-out and you are stuck just maintaining the base. At this point, there isn't much more to explore after you have found the natural gas vents."
76561198332235729,Recommended,457140,33913286,Posted: 30 July,all,BORK OVERDRIVE,Updates are making it too hard for me to play so I quit ;-;
,Recommended,457140,34701554,Posted: 2 September,all,Zephyr,I need item conveyor... my human is too busy vomiting rainbow puke :V
76561198240722070,Recommended,457140,34846828,Posted: 9 September,all,AMP3X,my life is complete
,Recommended,457140,35193198,Posted: 24 September,all,|NRAC| Spike,Klei is recreating the universe.
76561198070704956,Recommended,457140,32009958,Posted: 27 May,all,rhymeswithbowie,I was a huge fan of Don't Starve and trusted in the developers that this game would be worth buying. It certainly is!It's like if Don't Starve and Fallout Shelter had a baby. I'm excited to see how it develops!
76561198183187214,Recommended,457140,32110297,Posted: 1 June,all,Hayden Luther,ok fix your AI  there needs to be priotrity 10 if something is set to 10 everyone in the colloney stops what they are doing so the thing can get done and once its done the go back to working normaly it would help when they are sufficating becuse the AI is badbut other than that good game
,Recommended,457140,32119949,Posted: 1 June,all,TheIvoryKitty,"Really, really fun. Pretty easy to figure out at the beginning, but becomes surprisingly and refreshingly challenging later. It's the kind of awesome you can expect from this developer."
,Recommended,457140,33674966,Posted: 20 July,all,ARASH,This game is the perfect creativity and logical thinking mental exercise.I would definitely recommend it if you're into puzzle games.
76561197996936106,Recommended,457140,31864859,Posted: 20 May,all,D122id,"So what can I say about this little game that you've not already managed to read or find out for yourself? Well I have played it for a bit and have found myself enjoying it more with each playthrough. You start off with three Duplicants (People), much like RimWorld. More often than not you also have this miricle ore that produces Oxygen (Highly important for your people) while slowly it breaks itself up until it is depleated. You also start off with some food (less important than oxygen but still pretty high up on the list) and with this you can start to dig out a starting base. I found the animations of the Duplicants rather adorable and they seem to be done in a sort of 'Don't starve' meets 'Prison Architect' kind of style, they make little bleeps and hums while doing their day to day business though you do need to look after them as they have bad habbits too, I personally look for those with Narcolepsy as in my last game 'Stress induced vomiting' managed to stop my water pump. In turn that blocked my air scrubbers and by doing that it stopped my farms from working. I know what I should of done, worked earlier in the game to make sure that stress levels could be reduced.This game has you planning, failing, restarting, planning differently, failing differently, restarting over and over until you get that perfect mix of the right people, the right start, the right planning and the right.. oh yeah.. restarting again thanks to some other thing you've not planned for. I recommend this game to any fan of resource management or base building or Indie supporting player as it has a whole lot of promise and I believe that it will meet it perfectly.I've not mentioned what else happens in this game, the population does grow and that adds to the level of difficulty. You get the balance right for 3 people and the addition of the 4th throws it, by the time you've got it set up for 7 people you have 10. That is of course if you wish to have more people, you can always skip it."
76561198002810540,Recommended,457140,32037018,Posted: 29 May,all,Drakeso,"If you like Rimworld, then you will enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,457140,32181988,Posted: 4 June,all,hicksfreddy,"I rarely review a game but this game is an awesome game down to its core, and although there are some things that could be fixed (being in the early stages this is obvious) it is an incredible piece of work. I would absolutely recommend this game to other people."
76561198059372422,Recommended,457140,32200152,Posted: 5 June,all,ProNooP,"Very nice game, it remembers me of the game ""Wiggles / Diggles: The Myth of Fenris"". I am looking forward to seeing the full game."
76561197995015556,Recommended,457140,34829847,Posted: 8 September,all,zapped,fun
,Recommended,457140,31863727,Posted: 20 May,all,dretahølk,Some guy♥♥♥♥♥♥in the water supply and poisoned everyone. 10/10 best game.
76561198128408388,Recommended,457140,31919891,Posted: 23 May,all,tibbi,"I really love this game.  I beileve is is totally worth the 20 bucks, even though it is early access. Another hit for Klei, cant wait for new updates."
,Recommended,457140,32155301,Posted: 3 June,all,D0tT,This is a great game and i love itbut the game could do with a creative mode with zero stress and infinite resources but basic things like research still has to be done this would be good for people that want to make the best base posible without having to play in survival for ages
76561198338593071,Recommended,457140,33205944,Posted: 3 July,all,jordanz97,Please make this game work for mac I really want to play it but I have a macbook.
76561198120922789,Recommended,457140,33710793,Posted: 21 July,all,floofy,ij
,Recommended,457140,34556464,Posted: 28 August,all,iZikulu,"I love this game. It is simple, yet complex and can keep you entertained for a pretty long time if you enjoy testing your strategic abilities.In the begining I just wanted to survive but then after getting passed 600 cycles my stratergy changed to ""How creative can I get!"" Overall this has been a very fun game to play with some good updates along the way. I wont lie and say there are no bugs, there are some from time to time, but they don't prevent you from enjoying the game.If you enjoy stratergy or a well designed game, you should add this one to your ""xx hours on record"" list :)"
,Recommended,457140,31838451,Posted: 19 May,all,Incredible Culk,"This has to be one of the most addictive games ive ever played, i have racked up over 20 hours gameplay and still i am a complete noob who has spent most of those 20 hours watching the little men and women ive grown to love die horrible unstopable (once my bad planning had taken effect) deaths just to start a new colony and insist that ""ill care more this time"" just to repeat the cycle. Amazing game, Great consept cant wait to see what more gets added as im already hooked."
76561198054416266,Recommended,457140,31864519,Posted: 20 May,all,flyingmetalbug,when you runs out of food your friends looks very delicious! Yum yum! (add cannibalism pls!)
76561198075380107,Recommended,457140,34331869,Posted: 18 August,all,stolid,Really (really) wish you had a linux version out...
76561198328782660,Recommended,457140,34537221,Posted: 27 August,all,MattLikesWaffles,"What some people don't understand is that this game is still early access. There still are many updates coming to this game, so it's incomplete. Its a fun game, just has some things that needs to be tweaked."
76561198041216410,Recommended,457140,35458531,Posted: 3 October,all,momo_machine,this is just a personal case and i would like the developers to add a menu button becaue my escape keyboard key isnt workin so i cant go to menu when i want to i cant save o load previous game when i want too is just a small thing that i like to be added
,Recommended,457140,35504846,Posted: 5 October,all,Shimmy Like Jimmy,this game is the secks
,Recommended,457140,31894969,Posted: 21 May,all,BobbyBaconHat,"The end of my first colony was horrific as I had to watch half of my duplicates slowly starve, vomit, ugly cry, and tear the base apart. Thank goodness the other half of my colony suffocated before they had to witness that.10/10 Duplicates are replacable"
,Recommended,457140,32193231,Posted: 4 June,all,Splitsie,"Die from suffocation.Die from suffocation by drowning.Die from suffocation by carbon dioxide.Don't worry, there are more clones to be woken up so they too can die in creative and entertaining ways!Oxygen Not Included is the same kind of fun and painful, excrutiating failure you've come to expect from Klei. It may be early access but there are enough gameplay elements that are functional (though occasionally buggy) to keep you entertained."
,Recommended,457140,33012112,Posted: 29 June,all,GSD_Gamer,Brilliant  game. Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,457140,33381738,Posted: 8 July,all,Hanro50,"It's an OK game and it has some potensial...that being said I still want an option to punch my dupes in the face for being complete derps, but early alpha is early alpha..."
,Recommended,457140,32223733,Posted: 6 June,all,Banky,"very fun, for me water is very hard to manage"
,Recommended,457140,32225424,Posted: 6 June,all,Samanw,"i supposed to play just for 10min , and i realized its been 8h , nice game would be gr8 if they add kinda co-op or multiplayer"
,Recommended,457140,32246248,Posted: 7 June,all,itorei,Highly recommended.
76561198028116130,Recommended,457140,32855559,Posted: 27 June,all,ToastyRoasty,"played for a good 8-hours or so before deciding to refund it. dont get me wrong though, im sure it will be a great game when its finished except, as of now theres really not much to do in the game when you get most of the upgrades because after that you will probably just expand and make more rooms for your duplicants.game itself as of now is playable and feels quite fun. the animations are cute and you can just stare at your lil' duplicants running around just trying to survive.tutorial needs more work because although they explain the basics like oxygen and the like, they should also explain other things such as differences between CO2 or polluted oxygen, how the pipes work for some of the contraption. afaik, a tutorial didnt do its job right if you end up having to google what other people finally figured out by themselves.each day passes without much happening except a few accidental water leaks and aliens that sneak past in, so a randomized world event that happens occasionally would be nice to spice things up, because for me after i play a bit or after my Nth playthrough i end up hitting the fast forward button religiously to skip most of the digging or building moments.and not sure if its me horrible at managing the dupes but i cant seem to set priorities properly or at least the way i wanted it to be. so most of the times ill just set something that needs to be done at top priority. this method works at the start but later on when you have a lot of things to manage, the dupe tends to ignore a lot of the medium priorities despite the high priority ones are done. hope they can fix the AI by the time its released.for soundtrack, its not very memorable as most of the time its the same cycle between night time and day time. hoping they would add more.theres no story to speak of in this game, might be added later in the future.TLDR; its still quite entertaining. its made by klei so its likely to be finished properly. id rather buy a finished one because i  dont want to get bored of it before all the contents are out. refunding for now until officially released"
76561198134373908,Recommended,457140,32977026,Posted: 29 June,all,mEmo2y,This game is very impressive and make me spend much time to play for each day.
76561198261066527,Recommended,457140,34514183,Posted: 26 August,all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),add lots more content will come back
,Recommended,457140,35254689,Posted: 27 September,all,Ocean_Man,good game
76561198057468694,Recommended,457140,31908207,Posted: 22 May,all,Daisii,"Well..I bought this yesterday because I was bored, but after  looking at all the positive reviews for the new game..what the heck.  I set my timer to 90 mins because I was sure I'd probably be returning this weird 2D time waster, another game from Klei Entertainment I would hate.Here's another reason my parent always said ""don't pre~judge"" give new things a try and make up your own mind...Derpy little people with all kinds of behavioral disorders trying to build and survive in subterranean caverns..peeing and vomiting while runnning scared from small creatures eating up what little resourses they have.  Sounds disgusting right?  Not so fast...these derpy little cartoon people are also very determined to dig, build and craft all things needed to endure the elements needed for survival.Obviously, the timer went off, and I countinued to be sucked into a world with endless possibilities.  I would not call this a mindless survival game..there is so much to do and learn.  Even with the many wonderful youtube Let's Play videos, no two games are ever going to be the same.  Trial and error...save and restart....mopping up urine so not to contaminate the precious water...I urge everyone to buy the game, set your ""timers"".....and get ready for a most unusual and enjoyable game that keeps you totally consumed."
,Recommended,457140,33032536,Posted: 30 June,all,TheHoneyBadger,"Very addictive game. I watched it first on twitch for a few days then i bought it myself because i had to play. It is really hard at start, but once you play a few times you get the hang of it, mostly."
,Recommended,457140,34472907,Posted: 24 August,all,returnONE,Great game!Be careful! You'll spend hours and hours on this.
,Recommended,457140,31855312,Posted: 20 May,all,Xyed,Pro: It's not easyI like it.Cons: Need to remember to get some sleep.
,Recommended,457140,32002828,Posted: 27 May,all,O C E A N  M A N,"i think i wasted my money. i dont know how to do pipes. :/. plus this game should be called ""carbon dioxide is included"""
,Recommended,457140,32194671,Posted: 5 June,all,gnrnr,"WARNING!!!!This game is massively aaddicting, especially if you refuse to let your duplicants die.For an Alpha it is surprisingly complete and assuming that Klei keep the updates coming, this will be one of my favorites for some time.I'd highly recommend the game."
76561198210946687,Recommended,457140,32258929,Posted: 7 June,all,Soviet,Amazing Game
76561198136363098,Recommended,457140,33811989,Posted: 26 July,all,artis,Very nice game
,Recommended,457140,34313038,Posted: 17 August,all,6 meter kuk,"fun game, but it gets hard as ♥♥♥♥ later on."
76561198096386920,Recommended,457140,34815702,Posted: 8 September,all,Tominator,very good start to a game
76561197970716397,Recommended,457140,31864541,Posted: 20 May,all,Cent3rMan Sky3,This game will suck up your time faster than the characters (duplicates) suck up oxygen.Intel i7-4770K @3.50GHz16GB RamWindows 10 ProGeForce GTX 970 (x2)
,Recommended,457140,31889184,Posted: 21 May,all,Bhoriss,pretty good
,Recommended,457140,32015097,Posted: 28 May,all,Uncle Vlad,This game is really captivating and interesting. You have to survive in a colony of duplicants in an unknown asteroid. You could say the game is BREATH-TAKING. (I'm sorry)
76561198050230118,Recommended,457140,32030962,Posted: 28 May,all,annefl,"Another great game from Klei, even in these early days! I love it."
76561198152817111,Recommended,457140,34468719,Posted: 24 August,all,DonJuan,Mmmmmm yesssssss
76561198207072601,Recommended,457140,34536454,Posted: 27 August,all,Black Raspberry,Great space-survival type game. Worth buying 100%
,Recommended,457140,31838431,Posted: 19 May,all,Al-Mothafar,"Do you ever think that vomite can be helpful, yes it is try this game :DHave you ever was think who is smarter, human or alien? well, aline for sure, why? play this game :DHave you ever heard how human can snore in space? try this game :DCan you imagain that you destory a machine and fix it then destroy it again and stuck with this loop forever? you would like to see that? well, try this game :D but i wish you not destory your PC after :DThis is awesome game, with alot of challenges and fun, addective and worth to play, Highly recommended."
,Recommended,457140,31911999,Posted: 22 May,all,Ghost_Control,this game is bloody amazing! So much cute and fun! Def recommned
76561198067750036,Recommended,457140,31950645,Posted: 25 May,all,Fallbreaker,"A very good Early Access title, it looks very promising. However, I see many features, sometimes direct words which are obviously stolen from Rimworld, an already very successful Early Access game being made by a much smaller team then Klei. If you're reading this, I'd say go and buy and play Rimworld first. It's a much more developed game and I think it deserves credence before Oxygen Not Needed does, but definitely pick up this game down the track."
76561198166579782,Recommended,457140,32035005,Posted: 28 May,all,Uberseed,I think I kinda figured it out after 32 hours in but I loved the game so far. I loved DS and DST too so good job Klei! I'm really hoping for more challenging contents in the future!
76561198377279710,Recommended,457140,32969463,Posted: 28 June,all,Plague_Overlord,"I <3 this game its a Pretty hard management Game... But! its my favorite management game, and I dont really like management  games. Also... Do Names Do Anything???Ps Right now summer sale Theres no Sale... But Great Game Highly recomend it... (8.5/10)"
76561198075444166,Recommended,457140,32125156,Posted: 2 June,all,INVasaR,Tons of content even in EA. + replayability is very high. Interesting as f**k.
76561198103076757,Recommended,457140,32168362,Posted: 3 June,all,ナルト ミリアンペアの黒人,Fun to play but it gets very difficult once you get past 100 days
76561198063950329,Recommended,457140,33495284,Posted: 12 July,all,CancerOne (cute),good
,Recommended,457140,34559702,Posted: 28 August,all,blueteddy00,One of my favourite games! I love building bases and caring for my duplicants. I never get bored of it.
,Recommended,457140,31859209,Posted: 20 May,all,StarEffect,"As a fan of Don't Starve, this game stood out to me on the steam market place and I decided to give it a go after reading some reviews. What can I say? I love it! Its not a finished product, no - but then its still early days- more needs to be added but the gameplay and colony management is spot on and you get more than you expect from the game.If you're after a colony simulation game and are a fan of games like fallout shelter / rimworld / don't starve you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,457140,31937014,Posted: 24 May,all,STEEL,"Over 70 percent Early access games on Steam never get update, but this one does.In short I would call this game RimWorld alike, but has way better graphics, but not so great AI.Game has great potential. Just started playing this. Lets see where it goes, will update the review again after 20hrs of gameplay.Plus this game does not run on MAC, hope they add a support for MacOs soon : )"
76561198152126479,Recommended,457140,32322011,Posted: 10 June,all,CIBRO,Doporučujem velmi dobra hra
,Recommended,457140,33175586,Posted: 3 July,all,Dũng,Is a funny game :)
76561198280176534,Recommended,457140,33905509,Posted: 30 July,all,peterrauh,I love it
76561198097318706,Not Recommended,457140,32083167,Posted: 31 May,all,lufeng,This game drives me crazy because it hasTERRIBLE A.I. system.Don't buy if you wanna stay calm with your good vibes.
,Recommended,457140,31928544,Posted: 23 May,all,Dawndroid,Pretty good! keep up the good work!
,Not Recommended,457140,32279268,Posted: 8 June,all,[A.W.P.]Angelic_Wolfman100,"I don't recommend this game because it is stressful, it will challenge you, and you might break something you own, keep paper near by to tear it to pieces.One thing this game needs is: Poluted water -> Slime. Why? so algae can be created with the bio distiller because algae is too damn annoying to mine for."
76561198021992691,Recommended,457140,32041155,Posted: 29 May,all,Bob O,Really great game froma great dev team.Already worth the money and its only EA. Tons of stuff to learn and a good level of challange.
,Recommended,457140,31882006,Posted: 21 May,all,Vakos Hellcase.com cs.money,"Ok , let's have some seriousness .. The game when I bought it was buggy , crashed all the time. etc... You couldn't do that much stuff in it , BUT the game is still early access. Being in mind that Klei did Don't starve and that was in early access , you couldn't do that much stuff either, but it turned out as a really nice game. I hope O2NI will be the same."
76561198168125083,Recommended,457140,31931688,Posted: 24 May,all,cornes,Thoroughly enjoyed it! Can't wait for the finnished product. Would've liked upgradeable parts and more needs to be fulfilled. Learned most things from trail and error finding almost no help from the included tutorial scripts
,Recommended,457140,32259458,Posted: 7 June,all,A320VaporTrail,"Warning - game might seem like a cute and fuzzy bunny but it's no ordinary rabbit. That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on.You'll start out all cocky but as you play and your world falls down around you, you'll be praying for a HHG.This is early release and has some issues but it is a very very deep game.  You'll be online looking for videos on how 'not' to have your house of cards come crashing down.  only to solve that issue and have your house of cards coming crashing down.So that might sound negative... for me right now this game is scratching an itch.  I 'currently' am bored with FPS(just played the $*&% out of them and need something different right now - same for RTS and TBS) I am into base building and crafting right now. Rust has to many hackers and LIF is too dangerous for me (it consumed me - got to obsessed with it, had to stop)  7D2D (kids and I having fun with it but I've created mega base and maxed out everything so bored with that too)Rimworld fun but basically took that as far as it will go, Terraria- fun right but finished it – Starbound became like Fallout 4 to me – I developed soooo much that it got pointless and easy.so enter O2NI - and it's drew me in -  I have a Koi pond and I love the ecosystem of the Koi pond, I've built bio filters and water levelers and.... This game makes me want to work on real life projects because after playing this game, my real life projects are easy.  This game is a *itch and I can’t find the ‘sweet spot.’  It seems every time I get something locked in, some other issues pops in and it’s like watching a train wreck.  You see the train coming and you are scrambling to solve the issue only to go further and further past the event horizon.  So you go back a few cycles (load earlier saved game) and try again, only to mess up so other perimeter you had locked in trying to solve the current one you are currently worried about.  Right now it’s fun, but I get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it, I’ll shut down the computer and go get ‘real’ life $&*# done.  Which is good.  And then while working on real life stuff, think about the game and come back to try my new tweak, only to fail and rinse and repeat…"
,Recommended,457140,31842249,Posted: 19 May,all,patate qui chauffe,Just buy it !
,Recommended,457140,32141938,Posted: 2 June,all,Maximus,"Very fun, a lot to do. I ran into a bug with the water but it got fixed in the update :)"
,Recommended,457140,31839978,Posted: 19 May,all,John Madden,"I only played it for an hour, and it looks cool, but I have some questions about replayability - guess for me it would be 10-20hrs or so, so I'm not sure if it worth it - price is similar to Rimworld's price, but Rimworld is a lot deeper and has a lot more content and replayability.But it's still EA so some new content will come probably and for now I can give it thumbs up."
76561198286127253,Recommended,457140,35169084,Posted: 23 September,all,zyf,strongly needing an achievement system
76561198374643644,Recommended,457140,33462791,Posted: 11 July,all,nonbikersbite,I need this on Mac please hurry.
,Recommended,457140,34648331,Posted: 31 August,all,Botaxalim,"100+ hours guaranteelearn basic survival, you can see ur colony doom or successremade the base with new trick u learnt from forums or youtubesnew base go flourish nothing can beat your colonydoing some experiment with gas, liquid and temperaturegreat game !few cons :-no endgame yet, you can continue but there is not enuf content after ur colony settled-balance seem off, you can doing same thing with zero penalty, nothing to motivate for making new system/building-optimization, for me the game only using single proccessor out of 4 core, and using high ram after few hours gameupdate keep coming every month and hotfix every week"
,Recommended,457140,32223907,Posted: 6 June,all,pnickos73,the game mite be called Oxygen Not Included but rilly it should be called lag is Included but if you can get passed that its a good game
76561198139532229,Recommended,457140,34593366,Posted: 29 August,all,yeahryan111,Addicting
,Recommended,457140,31900121,Posted: 22 May,all,튼튼한노예,HYDROGEN---------------OXYGEN---------------NATURAL GAS---------------CARBON DIOXIDEGOOD LUCK
76561198003788522,Recommended,457140,32441451,Posted: 15 June,all,Inremo,"Klei Entertainment. Do I need to say more?So much to do, and so many ways to do it. This game is great!"
76561198086327806,Recommended,457140,34639120,Posted: 31 August,all,FluffyMan3000,Just amazingly fun building your colony.
76561198141485343,Recommended,457140,32225646,Posted: 6 June,all,powerfulXD,I dont know if there is any new update but i do recommend if they are stress they automatically go to message bed instead i need to click everyone of them.
76561198069367093,Recommended,457140,33052222,Posted: 30 June,all,SlaughterRage,best game
76561198153366040,Recommended,457140,35145699,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr.YonderGaming,...
,Recommended,457140,31844130,Posted: 19 May,all,Trien,"I love this game, your enemy is the environment and stress. I bought this game at $12 but even at  25 you will have plenty of hours in this!"
,Recommended,457140,32011026,Posted: 27 May,all,pixels/that/breathe,"UPDATED TO BE A REAL REVIEW.----Thank you for the loyalty discount Klei Entertainment, after reading and learning about this game, the discount is what pushed me over the edge to give it a real shot.To help people better understand what kind of game this is, I like to make these comparisons...The gameplay stylings of Fallout Shelter and The Sims are involved because of the base building aspects, as well as the Stress mechanic of the game. You have to keep the Dupes happy or their automated selves won't do the work!The resource management and building mechanics of Factorio are involved because you have to build logical electrical lines and gas lines and liquid lines all around to keep things moving. Things can get damaged and require repair. It's fantastic. Plus, physics are at play. On a side scrolling format, it's important to remember that some gases rise, some sink, some are in between. There's alot of depth to it, it's awesome!And finally, the crafting and tech tree system of Klei's very own, Don't Starve. Build science labs so you can research better tech and so on and so forth. Build things so you can make better food, store the food, etc...With those comparisons, I hope you have a better grasp of what this game is. I personally LOVE this game, I've put over 20 hours into it way too fast.To be frank, survival games have grown stale for me. It always ends up being this futile endeavor of ""Well, I'm going to either live forever or die. What's the point?"" Morbid right?But there's something about this that changes it for me. It's not me trying to survive alone against the world, It's a bunch of silly clones that I have to manage and they need my direction in order to survive. And there's something about that separation that refreshes the survival genre for me and if you're feeling the same way as I did about survival, maybe it'll do the same for you?This game is fantastic in it's current state. Some are complaining of bugs and that's to be expected in early access, but your mileage may vary because I haven't come across any bugs at all. Maybe it depends on your drivers or hardware? I'm an i5 with a GTX 970 for those who want to know. And if the game is THIS good in Early Access, I can't even FATHOM how much better it will become once we're in the final product."
76561198048374220,Recommended,457140,31839749,Posted: 19 May,all,BunGrume,Becareful with your life it will be passing really fast.
,Recommended,457140,31978411,Posted: 26 May,all,FatL,its says that the game is univalibal for my corent play form what do i do
76561198030697041,Recommended,457140,31848635,Posted: 19 May,all,tavarien,I am having a blast so far. It is very polished for a in development game. Part Rimworld. Part Fallout Shelter.  Part Craft the World. All fun!
76561198026460437,Recommended,457140,31874836,Posted: 20 May,all,BringtheGame,"This is by far my favorite 'base building' game and definitely one of my favorite games overall.Likes: Amazing Art, Variety of available materials, various resource management mechanics that add good survival challenge, pleasant sound effects and background music, good/regular updates. (Probably even more but these are the key features I like.)Dislikes: Price.  It's a little more expensive than I'd like at the $25 mark.  (Thankfully they're offering that loyalty discount if you have any of their other games, at least.)  I also think the (plethora of) menus could use just a bit of tinkering to make them more organized and newb-friendly."
,Recommended,457140,31914394,Posted: 23 May,all,Zeera (Dan J),"Addictive, interesting, frustrating, fun. This game is insanely fun. Having spent 4 hours in game and not even touching mid game, I can tell I'm going spend too many a hour on this."
,Recommended,457140,33004462,Posted: 29 June,all,foxy the cute fox,if the stress is over the breaktime in the masage table then why dosent the duplicents go there
,Recommended,457140,33388604,Posted: 8 July,all,Longboard Cat,Paw of approval.
76561198336108952,Recommended,457140,32448073,Posted: 15 June,all,Hoffman.eren,the game is perfect only problem is.. really hard to understand how to build stuff... and also please make it for mac too
,Recommended,457140,33462882,Posted: 11 July,all,Tiinusen,Just whow ! Do I have to say more?
,Recommended,457140,31874745,Posted: 20 May,all,Singha,I'm done with early access and waiting for full release.GOOD JOB KLEI.
76561198256911291,Recommended,457140,31859657,Posted: 20 May,all,NadavG92,This game has a stress system.This game made me stressed about my duplicants stress...10/10
76561198116232842,Recommended,457140,31912496,Posted: 22 May,all,Machine Gun Eddie,Im so addicted to this game my eyes hurt
76561197990383380,Recommended,457140,31947247,Posted: 25 May,all,longb99,Very addictive!!
,Recommended,457140,32906805,Posted: 27 June,all,Charroger,Oxygen was included 0/10
76561198034338873,Recommended,457140,31878293,Posted: 21 May,all,Skunkmoves,"This game is awesome! I find myself fumbling through this Terraria-esque world with hardly a clue on what to do. Through lots of trial & error, destructing hundreds of ill-planned objects, and killing off many duplicates (accident of course..), you begin to figure things out. My colony titles have ranged from; ""This is Going to Be Rough"" to ""I Think I'm Starting to Get it"" to lastly ""I Suck A** At This Game"". With all my restarts I'm still finding joy in each one, since I always come to realize I missed something very obvious and useful.There's so much potential to this game, particularly the research tree. This is how Early Access should be done! Can't wait to see what else I can screw up! :D11/10 Will f*** up again!"
,Recommended,457140,33024487,Posted: 29 June,all,hellstorm102,City of ember?
,Recommended,457140,31924630,Posted: 23 May,all,Chps✩,Klei Entertainment has blown my expectations out of the water again. Absolutely fantastic single player game that will keep you entertained for hours and hours. I cannot wait to see how Klei decides to update the game!
,Recommended,457140,32015526,Posted: 28 May,all,Chris Carter,funny and challenging7/10
76561198008893144,Recommended,457140,32160401,Posted: 3 June,all,ƒœ™,#NoWords
,Recommended,457140,34516895,Posted: 26 August,all,Dr.Nitro☢Toxic,"Survive and manage your colony inside a asteroid in space, with no oxygen included. What could go wrong?"
76561198082714324,Recommended,457140,32160948,Posted: 3 June,all,T.,nice.
76561198209635049,Recommended,457140,34777096,Posted: 6 September,all,sidrulz2211,EXTREMLY UNSTABLE GAME CRASHING AUTOMATICALLY.
,Recommended,457140,32205553,Posted: 5 June,all,phy,Wow this game is crack!
,Recommended,457140,31869385,Posted: 20 May,all,Uhohhotdog,"If you like base building games, you'll love this game.  It is a bit complicated but that's what I find fun about it. I feel most the negative reviews are being extremely nit picky.  For a game still in development there's plenty to do.  I've found myself without sleep many times because I'm always wanting to finish my next goal."
76561198034102274,Recommended,457140,34585255,Posted: 29 August,all,Jefferson,Good Game
,Recommended,457140,31842378,Posted: 19 May,all,MyPic,"Great game, but just not for me."
76561198188622097,Recommended,457140,31873550,Posted: 20 May,all,MagosiX,the game is incredible for EARLY ACCESS!!!!!!!!   it creates a fun challenge and plenty of strategy 10 of 10
,Recommended,457140,32125599,Posted: 2 June,all,Antin8,"Great game - good graphics, nice soundeffects, really good gameplay all in all just a great game.Its a game you can also play between some quetimes in other games or when your internet is bad. Also good as a timefiller but also grants some nice time just playing that game.The Alpha is already so much fun to play - ofcourse there a some minor ( or bigger ) bugs but its a really smooth gameplay already - im so excited for the future :)if you like to play game like this its alread a must have"
76561198061765053,Recommended,457140,34482150,Posted: 25 August,all,Vddox,kkk
76561198006607759,Recommended,457140,34617829,Posted: 30 August,all,ihateshaman,Good game.
,Recommended,457140,32314013,Posted: 10 June,all,Koko,Be careful... The oxygen is not included...
76561198097281969,Recommended,457140,32120638,Posted: 1 June,all,Nyan-Mining,"From the creators of Don't Starve, Klei presents to you, Don't Sufficate!"
,Recommended,457140,31928223,Posted: 23 May,all,Chigga Yuan,"Very fun and challenging game, also makes me triggered because of OCD"
,Recommended,457140,35504343,Posted: 5 October,all,Anakin Skywalker,Yes this is good if you
76561198220202647,Recommended,457140,34615431,Posted: 30 August,all,buglanghan,I like the game but i cant play anymore because i downloaded on my pc now im using a mac
,Recommended,457140,31919004,Posted: 23 May,all,的鼠九十一,Fun game is Fun
76561198224533524,Recommended,457140,32185859,Posted: 4 June,all,BadGirl,I'm simply addicted to this game! I lose track of time whenever I play it!
,Recommended,457140,31857717,Posted: 20 May,all,Brogan,I love peeing on my friends when they sleep. 10/10.3
,Recommended,457140,31913387,Posted: 22 May,all,ＯＲＲＩＮＧＥ,Really aesthetic game full of gameplay and problem solving
,Recommended,457140,31940880,Posted: 24 May,all,Midgetz,10/10 great resource management gameNote: it'll probably take you a while to get used to the mechanics
76561198030746271,Recommended,457140,34077133,Posted: 7 August,all,Tegga21,yesyes
76561198124441835,Recommended,457140,34472124,Posted: 24 August,all,god usopp,good game but i dont have 20/20 eyyyyyy
,Recommended,457140,32192311,Posted: 4 June,all,Danoli3,"I love this game, I play it everytime I am home, cannot wait to see where it goes."
,Recommended,457140,34516600,Posted: 26 August,all,Bagged milk,I made a giant D!ck out of tiles.
76561198158098433,Recommended,457140,34654730,Posted: 1 September,all,しばちりょさん,CO+2FE = COFFEE
,Recommended,457140,32306062,Posted: 9 June,all,GnzLh,Very cool game
76561198283486703,Recommended,457140,31850160,Posted: 19 May,all,andrewreyes787,Good Game to pass Time
76561198072025736,Recommended,457140,31940520,Posted: 24 May,all,Kolori,<3
,Recommended,457140,32436173,Posted: 15 June,all,Noise,Whoa... Addictive.
76561198392278388,Recommended,457140,34616570,Posted: 30 August,all,Butter Nipple,"Death, just death."
76561198137611509,Recommended,457140,31878887,Posted: 21 May,all,TERENCEDMTMCKENNA,Just buy it... You wont regret it.
,Recommended,457140,31843506,Posted: 19 May,all,Xannies,"Welp....I 'd always wished , what happens  if you mix  Don't Starve - Invisible, Inc.  and make em into a space-colonny theme game...""["" The dream is real  ! ""]""Now ı can play an amazing game that is having a similar theme to Don't Starve's and also including pretty damn technical and strategic stuff and awesome base building mechanics!Mwwhahahahaaa !and now ı can let my dupes die in their own contaminated water *[*wich is pee*]* in a game like this !!! >:DMWWWAAHHAAAAHAAA !!! ""'  DA UNLIMITED POWAAA !! "" -to control your  dupes.""'"
76561198001714711,Recommended,457140,33392740,Posted: 8 July,all,Cdr55,Great Game
76561198121118577,Recommended,457140,32289927,Posted: 9 June,all,low altitude assault transport,dasdwasdwa fa
76561198130817528,Recommended,457140,31849663,Posted: 19 May,all,Dom,good meme 30/21
76561198116312217,Recommended,457140,31878071,Posted: 21 May,all,My base is gone,9/10
,Recommended,457140,31905066,Posted: 22 May,all,BaconSpiracy,Playing this game taught me one thing...Don't put too much stress on women they'll eat all of your food!!
76561198117287235,Recommended,457140,33019734,Posted: 29 June,all,Savage Duck,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,457140,31929681,Posted: 23 May,all,ninjablade,its fun but it gets super tiring if you fail a lot or dont know how to play well like me
76561198295380554,Not Recommended,457140,32245695,Posted: 7 June,all,Howard s Epstein,Ok so look at this trailer ok you see how there is myltiple people right well its kinda like sims you are not playing as one person you are commanding myltiple people there is no online myltiplayer witch is what i really wanted from this game. i was going to wait for it to develope but after i have played the game i cant see them making it myltiplayer. also the build machaics* are very bad it is hard to make anything you build to look nice.
76561198011075811,Recommended,457140,34500732,Posted: 26 August,all,Jack,.
,Recommended,457140,31845968,Posted: 19 May,all,Michael,11/10. Buy this.
76561198004802219,Recommended,457140,31856741,Posted: 20 May,all,夢夢💕,is cute and eating dirt with water is fun
,Recommended,457140,34245193,Posted: 14 August,all,hallkey,albert is pretty gay fr fr
76561198042504407,Recommended,457140,31875431,Posted: 20 May,all,bootleg steve,breth oxyegan git fud die of stress
,Not Recommended,457140,31870558,Posted: 20 May,all,RiceMaker699,didnt like it
76561198106296922,Recommended,457140,31927594,Posted: 23 May,all,HappyStopSign,"got in, got 3 guys1 was a loud sleeper2 went insane because of him10/10 would banish the loud sleeper again"
76561198030787887,Recommended,457140,31850389,Posted: 19 May,all,Cujo,Brilliant game but is very early in early access. I've refunded and will wait till release so I can enjoy the full experience as it's meant to be enjoyed.I'm really looking forward to playing this game at full release.
,Recommended,457140,31845002,Posted: 19 May,all,smr,100 percent emoji
76561198021645595,Recommended,457140,31855940,Posted: 20 May,all,[FURHQ] Ryanny Dragonwolf,i love this game it is so much fun thank you markiplier for playing this game on youtube :)
,Not Recommended,457140,31881659,Posted: 21 May,all,DadarMusk,not for casual.
,Recommended,457140,31888804,Posted: 21 May,all,MegadethStar,lit
76561198204948100,Not Recommended,457140,31929810,Posted: 23 May,all,Nazgul-,Too expensive and complicated
,Recommended,457140,32209205,Posted: 5 June,all,Dardhaz,"""Oxygen Not Included"" is a base-building survival-like game in which you control a colony situated in underground on an unknown planet. As I write this, there is no other goal but to survive as long as possible with how many Duplicants you feel you can handle.There are a lot of things to tend to in this game, not the least of which the vital oxygen-levels, but also food, water, atmosphere, temperature, hygine and stress. To battle these issues, you need to research various techs that unlocks new buildings which in turn gives access to new production-methods or items. Your Duplicants all have various perks that makes them better or worse at or unable to perform certain tasks, like Digging, Cooking, Climbing, etc. or affect how much they eat, breathe, sleep or other actions. You start with three Duplicants of your choice. After that, every so often, you will be granted the choice of three Duplicants or to deny all three at that time. There is no appearent limit to the number of Duplicants you can have, but each one you accept(or deny(?)) increases the waiting-time for the next.If you like these sorts of games, I recommend that you buy it now, as it won't get any cheaper. As for playing, though, you might want to hold off on that for now, as each update seems to ruin whatever saves you had beforehand and forces you to start anew. That said, it still is fun to play."
76561198199046921,Recommended,457140,32204982,Posted: 5 June,all,FlowerRuby,"I have really enjoyed this game so far. It would be nice when and if you release it out of early access, to make some more crafting options so things dont get as boring for more extended game play! Thank you! Keep it up, and keep updating!"
,Recommended,457140,33074000,Posted: 1 July,all,Hau,Good game but the length of the game is too short.
,Recommended,457140,31826202,Posted: 18 May,all,Sad,"I bought this game in pre-alpha or whatever you call it. Before there were any reviews or anything of the like, just Etalyx who made a short series on the game, and that persuaded me to get the game for myself and support Klei through this game.It's current state is enjoyable (whilst mildly frustrating at timmes) where you have to expand at a rate enough to support all your duplicants, whilst not too fast so you loose track of time, recources... and oxygenThoughrougly a great game, only wish that they would add multiplayer, as with friends, this game would be perfect in every way. And preferably multiplayer that isn't a whole new game I need to buy, as I could barely afford this one!*cough, Don't Starve Together cough*Would recomend to anyone!"
,Recommended,457140,31833190,Posted: 18 May,all,Erasmus Crowley,"This game is a monster that devours time. Be warned.The unique feature that differentiates it from most other games in the genre is the deep simulation, and the emergent gameplay that results from it. You have to manage deadly gasses, boiling water, and supercooled ice. Different gasses build up in your base and layer on top of each other. Gas pressures can change, causing the other layers of gas to expand or contract. Gas pressure effects plant growth and temperature conductivity. Operating machines in a vacuum can cause them to overheat and meltdown. Badly placed machines can raise the air temperature enough to scald and eventually kill your poor colonists.During play, you have to manage farming (and food spoilage/refrigeration), water (pumping, piping, filtration), oxygen (and a dozen other gasses), heat (and cold, both of which can kill you), diseases, electricity, even stress levels in the base. There is a ton of depth here, and it can be kind of frustrating keeping all those plates spinning at times, but if you manage to create a balanced base, it's a great feeling."
,Recommended,457140,31831087,Posted: 18 May,all,Killjoys2000,"i've had this game since it came out in alpha, its amazing. much better than dont starve, although thats pretty good too."
,Recommended,457140,31832779,Posted: 18 May,all,rudzstyle,"very challenging survival game, if you want to stay as long as you can you need to use your brain.. all you need is there, you just need to utilized it..beginner tips :1. pick researcher, artisan, and chef with decor expectation as low as posible.2. build 1 outhouse > 4 cot > hamster wheel > battery > research station3. i always research farming tech and interior decor4. make sure you manage the job assignment. research done by researcher, art by artist, cook by chef.5. next is up to youwith this i hope you can enjoy at least till 100 cycleEnjoy man 10/10"
,Recommended,457140,31833018,Posted: 18 May,all,Dub Scientist,"This is going to be another masterpiece just like Don't Starve - absolutely recommend it the game, even in this early stage!"
76561198201867069,Recommended,457140,31833364,Posted: 18 May,all,hufflewaffle,"Very fun and interesting game. Plus, you learn many things while playing!"
,Recommended,457140,31829114,Posted: 18 May,all,Cartof,"Uhm.. Craft the world (without the tower defense element) in space ? I like the graphics, i like the duplicants and their faces, the sound fx are not bad but the game is WAY to expensive for a Early Access title !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyXnl85q5dA"
76561197971711224,Recommended,457140,31829112,Posted: 18 May,all,CS84,"Great Klei Game, loved Don't starve and already in love with this one!"
,Recommended,457140,31829130,Posted: 18 May,all,ProGun,Really fun and its harder than it looks to keep those little guys happy!
76561197982545253,Recommended,457140,31830076,Posted: 18 May,all,Teslaway,I got this game in pre-alpha stage after watching a certain famous YouTuber get obsessed with it and as of the first day of Offical Alpha release I've logged over a hundred hours of it.It's alright.
76561197999667744,Recommended,457140,31826884,Posted: 18 May,all,baineful,a fun survival building game but pritty hard
,Recommended,457140,31830774,Posted: 18 May,all,Major2222,"All I can say is wow. As a fan of Klei and everything that they do, I was not surprised by the incredible nature that this brought to the table. For a very long time I have loved Don't Starve (Together), as you can see by my 257 hours in-game, and I might have found a new favorite game. I am a type of person who loves games involving strategy and resource managing, and if you are a person like me, then you will LOVE this. The graphics are simplistic, yet detailed, similar to those in the Don't Starve series. The real world associations in this game including physics and health are extremely accurate and are only going to get better in the future updates. This game is amazing and I know it is going to get so much better in the future. Thank you Klei."
,Recommended,457140,31832377,Posted: 18 May,all,DarkAbyss [UK],Great  game and well worth the money.
76561197976767744,Recommended,457140,31830547,Posted: 18 May,all,comlink,"I heart this game.While there's obviously a lot left to add (I mean, I hope so because I want tons more stuff because I'm a greedy gamer), even the alpha was extremely fun and engaging to play. While other games of this type have held my attention for a while, this one is especially captivating due to its engineering systems based around transportation of fluids and gases and the different way these different fluids can intermix and fractionate.Can't tell you how irritated I was when I realized the bottom third of my base was full of carbon dioxide, while the top third was full up with hydrogen. My little guys had nowhere to sleep, and couldn't get to all the pumps and whatnot on the lower decks!Excellent. That's exactly the type of thing I like to contend with when playing a game of this type, since it's always a little bit different.I found out that you can actually cool gasses enough to make them condense into their liquid state, which is super cool (HA! YEAH! BEST PUN!) and useful when you have a large quantity of a non-breathable gas that you need to get out of your atmosphere: Just filter it out, then pump it into a coolerator room of some sort that will bring it down below its specific condensation temperature, and watch the liquid start to form in the bottom of the ""tank"".Geek stuff aside, I also love the graphics and animation of the duplicants and the various machines. It really makes for a great atmosphere, which is wonderful, given that within fifteen minutes of play, your dupes will be living in ""Polluted Oxygen"" of a pleasant brown color.The sound is also very good, but I find the sound of the dupes sleeping rather grating, and the ""break stuff when I'm angry"" dupes hit things with a wrench, which also makes a very annoying sound. Luckily, both issues can be resolved by turning off the sound, but it is unfortunate that I have to do that.Overall, excellent game so far, and I've been waiting for the day I could get this out of my head and onto Steam as a review. I look forward to the future development with high hopes."
,Recommended,457140,31830552,Posted: 18 May,all,FoshyTakashi,"Well... Klei (Rhymes with play) made another awesome game. I purchased don't starve way back in the day and really enjoyed the art style and music. Though this does not have a fantastic soundtrack (yet) the art is on point. The game its self is extremely fun to play and is engrossing. when I first got into a game I realized that I didn't have a clue on how to do things efficiently. you will die at least once, whether it is to toxic gas from outhouses (Rip Dank Swank Bank) or your colonist mining into chlorine gas (Rip Meep Merpington). really fun and is fairly replayable because of randomly generated worlds. Excellent game overall, very few bugs at the time of writing. basically if you love management games buy it."
76561198013090850,Recommended,457140,31831428,Posted: 18 May,all,Censored,love this game
,Not Recommended,457140,32383203,Posted: 13 June,all,SERAPHIM,it still bug on some reason such as duplicant always sick forever when duplicant was already heal.   please fix it !!!
,Not Recommended,457140,34056661,Posted: 6 August,all,eDGY bOY,"Don't buy this game. In its current state, it's a complete mess, stay away."
76561197962989600,Recommended,457140,34485236,Posted: 25 August,all,Elk,"21. September 2017Klei is paying a lot of attention regarding what the community thinks and is pushing the game in the right direction. well done!26.August 2017Last update is pain in the a**. I had to start all over again and the game is the same, but more anoying, not harder. Everything takes forever now, because most of the time the dupes are washing hands or spend time desinfecting. Klei destroyed the game by not making the germs optional."
76561198005354351,Recommended,457140,35120985,Posted: 21 September,all,Rakoon [ES],"I decided to write this review because I saw too many negative reviews that this game doesn't deserve in my opinion.So far I'm in love with this game. Interesting and engaging mechanics and tight difficulty that induces to careful and creative planning thanks to the pause button mechanic they implement.The objective of the game is to survive in a asteroid you appeared into suddenly, find what's going on and guess how to escape from it (that's in theory, at this point I believe there is no game end so just survive the longest you can). To do so you have to create a base where to sustain with life your duplicants. Most of the resources are limited and is easy to fail from some reason or other but as you progress you learn and get new ways to overcome the shotcomings you find, leading to better and better base designs.Now, what some people say:THE GAME IS BROKEN. I met some bugs but no one that broke the game. I saw some people very frustrated complaining about bugs that prevented them from playing the game properly, but I haven't found any of those. I thought so in the past. The game is in an early alpha and, although it has very good interface imo, sometimes you simply don't see what's going on and why things are not going as you thought they should go. It can be very frustrating until you find out what's going on well by yourself or in some forum or other. Be prepared to search for answers on the internet if you play it.OUTBREAK UPGRADE HAS RUINED THE GAME. I have to say that I like quite much the outbreak upgrade that so many people are complaining about. Definetely it doesn't break the game, neither it makes the game too much difficult for me. I'm now at cycle 126+ in my last game and my colony is running fine, with some duplicants ill, yes, but thats all. It adds a lot of flavour imo and is challenging too having to deal with bacteria outside (and inside) the colony. It will be a step back if they decided to remove it.RESOURCES ARE LIMITED, IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO WIN. There are renewable resources and they are cornerstones of your base when you find them. Meanwhile you have to manage well what you have around until you find those, otherwise yes, you will fail, but this is about that, isn't it? it's a game.I completely recommend it."
,Recommended,457140,34470866,Posted: 24 August,all,TheBowWowers,"The game still being in early access has plenty to learn and explore from.If you're like me, i like to find things out for myself than go to wikis and search it up.That being the case ive probably had several colonies which i restarted because i messed something up.So far from what i've seen, the early gameplay is extremely fun especially when you're learning about stuffs.Late game sees a lack of stuff to do particularly once you've established a fully functional and sustainable colony.I must say however that so far, Klei's record has shown that they produce some of the best games and that they care about community feedback.With that, even if late game is still fairly unpolished, i would still reccomend picking this game up mainly because I know that this will turn into a great game given enough time and not abandoned by the devs."
76561198066962138,Recommended,457140,35238173,Posted: 27 September,all,Kane,Klei always makes a good game. You should buy this game. I always wanted a game about being stranded on an asteroid and this is it!Get this game now. You wont regret.PS Do not watch the youtube videos showing you how to do everything. The feeling you get from solving a problem yourself is immensely satisfying.
,Recommended,457140,35172360,Posted: 23 September,all,kammarat radomir,Oxygen is proven to be a toxic gas. Anyone who inhales oxygen will normally dies within 80 years.
76561198014416252,Not Recommended,457140,31899363,Posted: 22 May,all,Pathfinder,"Horrible, just horrible, coming from Rimworld this was a shock. Cluttering a 2D platform from left to the right with stuff is called base building these days...what an ugly base. Does anything look like a base here for anyone? Seriously what is this?"
,Recommended,457140,31914322,Posted: 23 May,all,Coderz,"Amazing game! I recommend that you check it out. I'm very pleased with the mechanics, art style, and limiting factors that inhibit your survival.Edit: 0/28/2017I wish they didn't add bacteria as a factor to the game now. I understand the game is all about micromanagement, but it's already hard enough as it is. I hope they remove this from the game or add a option to turn it off. And for that I must give it a downvote. The outbreak made the game too hard and not enjoyable..Edit: 10/5/2017The developers realized the outbreak was unbalanced for the gameplay and are taking measures to balance it out. Knowing that the devs are balancing those mechanics I would give them a thumbs up again. Hopefully I don't have to change this to a downvote anytime soon..."
,Recommended,457140,35508904,Posted: 5 October,all,Keymaster,Fun gameplayInteresting mechanicsRegular updatesWhat more do you want?
76561198098160173,Recommended,457140,34826602,Posted: 8 September,all,$teamygreenfart,"Looking better and better, Im having fun. Im really looking foward to future additions now."
,Recommended,457140,35506722,Posted: 5 October,all,ghostburger,Brilliant even with the full price of 25 US dollers
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,457140,35484093,Posted: 4 October,all,DustBust,"My review was intially positive, I know this is EA but there's a lot at this point that I don't like about the game and it's getting frusterating... Hopefully the Devs take this into consideration.Overall, mid game, it just becomes a mess, your duplicates are running in 15 directions, micromanaging a bunch of tasks...Cons:- Storage compactor just isn't cutting it, needs to hold more. Perhaps make them specialized per resource with greater capacity?- Ventilation - This needs to be more intuitive- High pressure bottler - definitely needs to be added to the game for easy storage, collection and dispursement to machines- Better automation, this is too much.- Food, needs to be overhauled. This becomes a collection/processing mess which is distracting for the duplicates.- Duplicate ""needs"" need to be more managable, have them carry a single ration, if not within 30 tiles of their table to eat, have them eat on the spot.- Cooling, I think AC unit type machines need to be available, for small spaces, the manual fan again adds another ""work order"" which is what this game doesn't need. Even old school ""ice Machine"" that allows placeable ICE blocks for cooling, we can manage the water run off, that would be nice. AC unit can only cool to a certain extent or has a built in thermostat.-Small air compressor, the one in the game just pulls too much, this would be ideal for circulating and filtering gases, small gas filter as well."
,Recommended,457140,35508396,Posted: 5 October,all,SirBen3,This game is amazing. it combines recorce management and a fun open world.
76561198002622902,Recommended,457140,35512045,Posted: 6 October,all,groove_23,Very scienceMany planningSuch charm
