user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,457760,32228876,Posted: 6 June,all,KarateKite,"In terms of gameplay, ""The Signal From Tölva"" is a marked improvement over ""Sir, You Are Being Hunted"" and a very poor substitute for the excellent ""STALKER"" games which Big Robot has been trying to emulate for a while now.Signal carries over the biggest problem from Sir: the space is just too big, too empty, and too boring. There is nothing to ground you in the experience of travelling through Tölva. In the STALKER games, the world was large but broken into discrete levels, and each level was packed with detail. Enemies were both placed and randomly spawned into this world, and the random spawns and enemy types made travelling tense and exciting because you were always on your guard and your resources were always running low. Even when there were no enemies around you, the Zone could kill you with anomalies that shifted location and type daily, so the world itself was an antagonist.In comparison, Tölva has no personality and no mystery. Nothing happens while you're travelling because enemy patrols don't seem to randomly spawn during idle moments. Dropships and spawn beacons always have 4 enemies around them. Turret pods sometimes drop into fights, which is interesting except I am convinced that these are actually scripted sequences. The world has environmental hazards, but they're just constant-damage bounding boxes that you can walk through once you've bought an upgrade. There are no resources for you to babysit and worry about. The whole planet looks the same, basically, so you never really learn where you are based on landmarks like you can in the Zone. And because the world is so large, it's pretty rare to see NPC in-fighting because they rarely meet.Aside from the problems with the world, there are also problems with basic gameplay. I felt that the weapons were ill-suited for the scale of the world and the ranges that gunfights happened. Weapon upgrades offer different stats, but they don't really change anything. Stealth is basically nil because even when enemies are walking towards the location of your last shot and you are hiding behind a rock somewhere else, they still know where you are. There is very little verticality in the world, so all gunfights are essentially the same and always involve the enemies running at you. There are frequent world collision problems that either launched me into the air, got me briefly stuck on gentle inclines, or made me fall through very small gaps.In short, I have found ""The Signal From Tölva"" enjoyable for the first three hours, and it would probably stay enjoyable for people who can only play in short bursts. But for people who have the time and inclination for longer play sessions, it just doesn't hold up under prolonged play."
,Recommended,457760,32791784,Posted: 25 June,all,Skitarii Vitiōsa - Ireland,"Let me put this out there right away, The Signal from Tölva is very much a Marmite game (For non British people, Marmite is a salty-yeast paste), you will either love it and gel with it, or you will dislike it and get bored with it. Now I personally adore marmite in both reality and the context of this game. Below there will be very minor spoilers about the contents of the game, but nothing story related.The Signal from Tölva is a first person shooter with exploration and resource gathering aspects. While exploring the world you will come across facilities/compounds to take over for the benefit of the faction you are working alongside of, Data/Snooper nodes which help reveal the story of Tölva and resources which you use to buy new weapons and upgrades to your chassis (Shields, radiation protection, AOE abilities).Combat:While combat is present in the game, it is not the main focus, so do not expect to leap into the game and fight your way through hordes of robot enemies. In fact I would go so far as to say the combat is a side to the exploration and mystery aspect of the game. It is merely a means to remove the pesky enemy droids in the area who are shooting at you with the exact same notion in mind.All three factions (Well perhaps not the Bandits!) have an overarching objective they wish to achieve and it just happens to clash with the objectives of the other two groups. Due to this being an open world game, patrols from all three factions will encounter each other and they will fight (including amongst themselves), regardless of player input, which really helps bring the world to life. There is something to be said about cresting a hill and watching a laser light show play out on the plain below you before one group wins/retreats . Facilities will also dynamically switch hands as squads/raids win or lose ground.Combat is also where the game also has aspects of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. which other reviews mention. There will sometimes be one disaster/engagement  after another, as reinforcements from multiple sides show up, prolonging the battle, other times you will find a lone enemy droid, or in other instances you could be the lone enemy droid up against a high level patrol. However it is broken up by potentially long periods of down time, allowing you to continue exploring and admiring the mysterious and beautiful scapes you find yourself in.Though when the lead (Well more like lasers) do start to fly, it is quite brutal (at least on the hard difficulty which is what I played through on) and quick paced, the weapons sound hefty and powerful and the explosive destruction sound of both your foes and comrades is satisfying (not that I advocate friendly fire mind!). Building onto that while simplistic in nature the visual effect for lasers is really quite pretty, especially as an observer to a battle, though if I am to offer one criticism, it would be there is indication as to if I have scored a critical hit on an enemy, as this does have a damage multiplier but no way of informing the player that it successfully landed. Scouting and recon is paramount to success however, especially if you are outnumbered. If a group of enemies get the drop on you, your hijacked droid will be destroyed very quickly unless you are an expert in retreating!Fret not however if you do die or are cornered with no way out, there is no fail state and no needing to load that save from 3 hours ago! As you are actually only an observer from orbit, hijacking droids on the surface (Minor spoiler, but that is revealed literally within the fist minute of the game) if your droid is destroyed you will simply hijack and connect to another unit. This hot swapping mechanic also nicely builds into the fast travel system. Instead of miraculously teleporting to the other side of the map, you simply leave the droid and hijack another at a base or uplink point of your choosing on the map.Exploration/Resource Gathering/Progression:The landscapes in The Signal From Tölva are simplistic in design and style but that does not in anyway stop them from being gorgeous, think of Journey mixed with Borderlands, that's the best way I can describe it (If you can think of a better way, let me know in a comment!) I would often find myself stopping to admire the gorgeous vista's which surrounded me and, without meaning to spoil anything, some of the structures (both natural and man-made) contained within it, to the point whereupon I never used the fast travel system, preferring to walk/sprint to my destinations.Resources in Tölva are used for the sole purpose of trading, you hand over any scrap you collect and you can pick a shiny new gun to play with, or an upgrade to shield, robot ability and resistances and that is as complex as it gets. It's enough to give you a sense progression without getting in the way and bogging down the experience. Resources can be gathered from destroying enemy droids, various sites scattered around Tölva and in mission areas, so none of that business of getting 20 pig hooves to get a pair of trousers here!  To help you in the endeavour of collecting scrap, they occasionally glow cyan or purple. In addition to this, there is a vision mode for your droid which will helpfully highlight scrap and other objects of interest (such as snooper nodes) and then finally the HUD has a simple display which with a meter which fills up the closer you are to an object of interest (and it also helpfully distinguishes between them for you)Conclusion/ TLDR:All in all I could talk about this game a ton more, but this review (more like a ramble) is long enough already now so I will stop here.  If you skipped straight to the bottom, then shame on you, but I also don't blame you.The Signal From Tölva is a FPS with an air of mystery and largely focused on exploration. If you are looking for an open world shooter, while this game is technically both of those things, you may not enjoy it much. If however you are a veteran of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. franchise akin to myself and like potentially long breaks of exploration and scavenging, with small intense firefights you will probably like this game, it's obviously very different in style and not as punishingly unforgiving as S.T.A.L.K.E.R.. Consider it it's lighter in tone, easier in difficulty less scary sibling who spends a lot of time messing with Uncle Borderland's paints and easel. I personally adored it, and cannot wait for the expansion."
,Not Recommended,457760,31179544,Posted: 16 April,all,Andrew,"Streamlined to the point of being shallow. Reserved to the point of being bland.I would like this game to be awesome. Who wouldn't! Hey, I wouldn’t mind it to be awful, at least then it would be clear, it would be something. But it’s just mind-numbingly average. Like, what is a bare minimum to not be a bad game? That amount is there, no more, no less.And it’s not a bad game, not at all. I played it, I finished it, I’m OK with it. But I can’t point at anything and say “hey, you need to play ‘The Signal From Tölva’ because of [this]!” So, I can’t recommend it. But I can’t not recommend it either. If you see something that you like, go for it! Just don’t expect that game hides something cool around the corner, it doesn’t.P.S. Sorry, kinda vague piece. But that’s the point, there is nothing to talk about."
76561198026996261,Recommended,457760,32713528,Posted: 23 June,all,Fieldmarshal,"Casual exploration game, the gameplay is fun and easy. Pick this up if you are looking to kill some time without stressing out."
,Recommended,457760,32058924,Posted: 30 May,all,chaos engine,"This game feels a lot like beeing back to the Zone in the  S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games. You get this good old feeling of striding freely through a dangerous zone, looking for story hints, new weapons & gear and how to to attack your enemies. The Setting is quite different, much brighter, scfi instead of post soviet and no mutant beasts and horrors.I enjoyed every minute of it!"
,Recommended,457760,31065862,Posted: 10 April,all,Spear Deer,"So this is the second game I've played from Big Robot, the first being 'Sir, You are Being Hunted'.Signal from Tolva doesn't feel entirely different from SYABH, in that you are roving an alien countryside shooting/being shot at by robots. SFT gets rid of all of the stealth, roguelike, horror, procedurally generated, and survival aspects in exchanges them for actual combat, a light upgrade systems, territory control objectives, a pretty big world, and some basic squad capabilities.Gameplay consists mostly of running from objective to objective, capturing bunkers, activating spawn beacons, and collecting resources. You unlock more equipment by finding and scanning signals, the same process by which you slowly rank up and earn the right to actually wear various guns/gizmos. Despite the actually quite large number of guns you unlock, none of the first ~12 I unlocked felt that different. Essentially you had assault rifle, sniper, and the 'Recruit-a-Robopal' gun (which technically counts as a weapon, and occupies one of your two weapon slots).All in all the game feels solid, if not barren. The dynamic encounters are nifty, even from the small number I encountered, and the landscapes and 'buildings' are often interesting. However the game simply feels like it could be more. There really aren't a ton of decisions to make, or play styles to choose from. You capture various points around the map, and gain control of regions, but there are no obvious reasons to ever backtrack since enemies never try to recapture your bases. The only benefits you gain from capturing a region seem to be that you will then spawn patrols which will occasionally help you out (not that you really need it).The robots companions are cool, and it was certainly fun sending a bunch of robo-rookies to their death/glory, but the fact that they are all identical, never communicate, and are robots made them feel ultimately pretty soulless, so I didn't really care when mine died, or didn't die, since I didn't actually need them to succeed anyway. It was a fun addition to the gameplay that up until that point (and after my robopals had all died) consisted almost exclusively of 'Shoot them in the face from very far away until they all die'.The game is fun, and light, and I think it best plays as a sort of dyanmic sandbox in which you and some robotic goons can mess around and shoot some dudes. For that, i do recommend this game, because its pretty dope when you look at it though that lense.That being said, if you're looking for a deep tactical game, challenging FPS, or an openworld custimization/progression based 'conquer the bases and expand your territory' (eg shadow of morder, farcry, etc) look elsewhere.I'm looking forward to the next step Big Robot takes with its games, since this is a huge leap forward from SYABH, and shows a lot of promise."
,Not Recommended,457760,33110827,Posted: 1 July,all,pook pook,"Sadly it's a game missing  the game. It's beautiful, but there's only so much wandering around an Ian McQue painting a person can take when basically doing the same tasks over and over. It feels like a game that wasn't fully designed - or perhaps was rushed out before it was completed to the full design.Perhaps if the story was more comprehensible, and better told? I basically *accidentally* strumbled onto the end of the game.Perhaps if the mazes were a little more interesting?"
,Not Recommended,457760,31754071,Posted: 14 May,all,felixader,"Sigh, as is often lately the case this game has a lot of potential but squanders it.Positive:-A beautifull, wonderfully designed world with fascinating vistas great Soundtrack and Sounds.-The atmosphere is thick and intriguing.- Enemy-, Weapon- and overall Design is great and kinda fresh and well done. Weapons SOUND powerfull.- At the beginning you want to know more of the Story.- The accompanying Lorebook is really, REALLY interesting and when can we play humans taking revenge for the unprovoked biilions of human victims of killings and deaths by neglect?!!!Negative:-The so called conflict isn't really one. Every enemy you see spawns because of you, randomly. There are no strategies and if you conquer a Robotsproducing Bunker (one of the bases) your own side won't really go out on their own and attack things in a sensible way. Bots spawn and then run straight at other bots shooting until one side has no bots any more. More then once i was killed by oppossing enemys spawning behind me and killing me.- If an enemy group you encounter alone has the beam weapon you can just as well go to the map and repawn right then and there because you are ♥♥♥♥ed without fail. This specific weapon in enemys hand, who then also can activate their shields, is simply imbalanced.- The Shooter Sin: Every Enemy has a shield that it can activate, enemys don't die on headshot and all regional enemys imidiately know where you are. The Prime Tactic, that the enemys use against you, is activating their shields and running more or less around you, killing you nearly instantly.-Forgett running away since everyone is a robot they will never stop fiollowing you and the noise attracts more, randomly spawning enemys towards you. To flee you also have to leave cover wich means you will be melted to death in seconds.- Not IF but WHEN you die you have to walk ALL the way back to your objective. You can't make you robot walk faster so half the gameplay is you holding the sprint button and jocking over the same Landscape again and again. On top of that, since the enemys spawn randomly, it is pure luck if you can reach your goal this time or will be nilly willy killed on the way, again. Also enemys LITTERALLY can walk into you respawning.- Super repetetive gameplay: Collect boring currency, scan brown dice and read mildly to very intruiging messages, activate beacons and take over bunkers.- The respawn mechanics and the repeated dying removes any tension since this leads to you more or less grinding down the way until you can finally make it. Its super frustrating though.- No real tactical gameplay. The only somewhat tactical decision you can make is replacing one of your weapons with a recruiting tool that lets you bring some friendly npcs with you. But besides pointing into a direction for them to march you can't really do anything tactical with it. This is absolutely not worth replacing a weapon with and i am baffled that this is not simply an abillity you get during the game.There are more detailed problems but let me bring this to an end: Last but not least:- The Story is absolutely not worth it. As usuall with such games both endings are non-committal, super vague and tell barely anything. It is even less rewarding if you haven't read the Lorebook.This games situation is a shame, could have been more, wich is a sentence i am lately saying far to often."
,Recommended,457760,31107777,Posted: 12 April,all,zkluhman,"What a great little game. Like others have said, this is not a 100+ hour open world sandbox you will be pouring tons of time into. You will likely complete the game within 8-10 hours, and unless you really enjoy the limited faction warfare, there really isn't much reason to replay. Tolva is a well-written, exploration-driven FPS with solid shooting mechanics and a heavy emphasis on atmosphere. The game's open world is supplemented by an independent faction & territory control system, resulting in emergent gameplay scenarios where the player can assist their allies in an impromptu firefight, or likewise be rescued by squad mates who hear gunfire and come rushing to the player's aid.It seems with each iteration, Big Robot gets closer to creating a true successor to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series. I can't wait to see what this talented team could do with a bigger budget and just a few more devs.PROS:- Sound (soundtrack, weapon sounds, environment are all brilliant)- Graphics- Emergent Gameplay (Factions, random AI patrols/encounters, Territory Control)- Open World- Solid movement/shooting mechanics- WritingCONS:- Shallow upgrade/progression systems- Repetitive areas, encounters- Lack of variety in enemy unit types8/10: For the price ($20), The Signal From Tolva comes highly recommended. I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being one of my unexpected gems for this year."
,Not Recommended,457760,33509148,Posted: 13 July,all,Steel Knight,"Bought this because a few people described it as ""STALKER with robots""...gotta say I didn't really feel itIt's a competent shooter with a lack of weapon variety and enemy variety. Your mileage may vary but I was pretty let down by it and it felt very repeative very quickly.Story seems interesting but it comes in drips and drabs and thn ends extremely abruptly.I can't personally recommend it, but if you like the aesthetic and want an open world game that doesn't take 50+ hours to complete, it might work for you!"
,Not Recommended,457760,34335199,Posted: 18 August,all,that's what she said,"Technically incompetent FPS that lacks scope or polish. It's very slow, clunky and lacks any depth. For a FPS game it's shooting is primitive and lacks punch, AI is dumb, movement is clunky and controls are badly designed. It's very repetitive and empty game, with big distances and slow action. Territory control mechanics are barebones, hand-crafted map feels like it was procedurally generated.Exploration lacks any exploration, there just isn't anything interesting. It's not like Stalker's 'whoa that looks cool' when in the end there is nothing useful, which adds to atmosphere. No. Imagine Skyrim giving you exp for discovering something interesting without actually discovering anything interesting. That's the idea of 'exploration' in Signal from Tolva.Well, since at this point comparisons to Stalker are unavoidable, I'll compare it too: it has literally NOTHING remotely resembling stalker, it's more in vein with No Man's Sky... if it was shooter. Just imagine No Man's Sky without procedural generation, space, mining, rovers and base building - it's just you, and empty dead void of a 'world'. That's Singal from Tolva for you.The game is unfinished by design, no amount of patches will able to fix it. It just lacks anything to drew player into. It only looks good, there is nothing underneath visual style.It doesn't work as shooter, it doesn't work as open world exploration game, it doesn't work as story driven experience. It feels rushed and undercooked, not only in polish, but in gameplay design. So don't expect much.p.s.: for TV users - just don't. 'Full controller support' in this case means the game is totally unplayable - gamepad controls are fubar by design because devs have zero idea how to implement controller support.."
76561197969417125,Recommended,457760,34389224,Posted: 20 August,all,G00N3R,"The Signal From Tolva is a First Person Shooter where the player controls a robot, who has travelled to the planet Tolva to investigate a strange signal. The main objective is to travel around the small open world map, finding and scanning several artefacts, to learn more about the origin of the mysterious signal.The planet is also inhabited by a number of friendly and enemy robots. Some of these robots are wandering around, possibly on the same mission as yourself, while others are defending small bases. If you clear a base of enemy defenders, the friendly faction will take control, and the base will serve you as a fast travel / respawn point. You can also collect resources that are scattered around the map, and use them as a currency to buy new weapons at a base.After a couple of hours you’ll unlock a command module that allows you to recruit between two and four friendly robots, to follow you into combat. Its an interesting option, but I personally didn’t find it very useful. Apart from the fact that your allies die very quickly, the major drawback is that you only get two weapon slots (I’m ignoring a permanently equipped pistol which is very weak), so if you equip the command module, you only have one offensive weapon. Ideally in an open world game, I want to equip an assault rifle for short/medium range, and a sniper rifle for long range. You do also get an area of effect special attack, but this takes a while to recharge.Of course, when fighting alone you can easily get outnumbered, sometimes encountering up to six enemies simultaneously, but as an FPS veteran, I enjoyed the challenge. And occasionally you’ll be able to fight alongside a friendly patrol who are heading to your objective anyway, so you get the best of both worlds. There isn’t a great deal of enemy variety, but they do have fairly good AI, retreating when damaged to buy time for their shields to recharge, and attempting to flank you.Unfortunately, The Signal From Tolva is let down by its technical performance. Even though I was well above 60 fps, mostly in the 80-100 range, it doesn’t always feel smooth. There are frequent microstutters, where the action kind of freezes for half a second – especially when collecting resources. It doesn’t make the game unplayable, and I never felt like it negatively affected my aim, but its still annoying. There have been other reports of this problem on the forum, but as far as I could see, nobody has found a reliable solution.Controls are fully rebindable and work great with mouse and keyboard. I finished the game in just under 7 hours. Without going into spoilers, the story is not very detailed.There are 2 endings, both of which are anticlimactic, leaving the mystery mostly unexplained.Ultimately, Signal From Tolva is a fun, but flawed game. And whilst not an essential purchase, it could entertain you for a few hours, but you should wait for a sale."
76561198055068003,Recommended,457760,34341901,Posted: 18 August,all,bretsage,"This is an interesting game.  It downloaded very quickly, but I was impressed with the world that I was able to explore.The main problem with the game is that it is very repetative.  Look for metal/artifacts, scan glowing worm boxes, liberate bases, upgrade gear, repeat.  It would have been nice if there had been more story other than the cryptic messages that you get from scanning the worm boxes.  There are no NPCs and the robot enemies are irritating.  The sniper rifle is basically useless, because as soon as you take a shot at them, they armor up and come running right at you.  Each of the oposing robots are about as tough as you, and there are usually between 3 and 5 of them, so the battles go: ping them a few times, amor up, run and hide, wait until they retreat, follow and take one out, armor up, run, repeat.  When your robot ""dies"" you have to respawn a LONG WAY from where you died, so you spend most of the game running back the battle that you got your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in just to die again.  The upgrades are cool, but the enemies just get even better stuff, so it's no fun, since you are just trying to keep up.This game could have been much better with a coherent story and the ability to get an advantage in battles.  All of this being said, if you don't mind this kind of grindy battles and harvesting, you might like the game.  I'm giving it a thumbs up, but just barely.  I'm not sure how further development might help, since the basic premise is a little weak.****Update****I finished the game, but the ending was odd.  No spoilers, but it could have been better.  Straight forward game, fairly good graphics, but the story was very weak.  I still recommend it for gamers who just want a gather resources and kill robots game.  I give it a B-."
,Recommended,457760,31067154,Posted: 10 April,all,Mike,"The Signal From Tolva is an open-world game about surveying an alien planet littered with abandoned and derelict technology. Along the way you fight other factions trying to seize and understand the planet too.Gameplay is a mix of scouting the planet, scanning and understanding various signals (which involve amazing, spoilerable encounters in weird and cool locations), securing areas to create new spawn points for your faction, and fighting off enemies as you encounter them. As you achieve these goals you unlock new weapons, armour, abilities and most importantly a tool which lets you add friendly robots to your squad, letting you take on bigger objectives and make strategic movements.The game is very very pretty, and has a lot of atmosphere (as well as collectibles and codex entries if that's your thing). The combat can be a little slow at first, but once I unlocked a few weapons and gained the ability to recruit droids, I found it picked up a lot. Factions can clash with each other, dropships crash into the ground from space to reinforce positions as you attack, and the planet holds a bunch of secrets. I'm really enjoying it so far."
76561197981814023,Recommended,457760,33861633,Posted: 28 July,all,quantum,"Interesting game. Worth $20, but not very long, took me 5 1/2 hours. Nice environments, decent challenge from AI, multiple weapon/gear customization options. Ally robots are a benefit, not a burden, in combat."
,Recommended,457760,31408852,Posted: 27 April,all,Mrs. Edgewick™,"Calling this game ""Far Cry with robots"" is a dissatisfying reduction of gameplay elements that doesn't begin to encompass the entirey of the game.Well, that's what I'd like to write. In actuality, this game really is pretty much Far Cry with robots (I wish to emphasize this is not a criticism!), wrapped up in some interesting writing and existential postulating. But not too much existentialism. Just the right amount. Reading the snooped data from the hidden (from normal view) floating red polygons was the largest part of the fun in the game for me, because I live for that kind of gameplay experience. If you enjoyed the scanning mechanics of the Metroid Prime series, you're going to enjoy this game.I found the mystery a little bit impenetrable without the context provided by the Lore Book, which can be read in the steam browser by clicking ""Manual"" on the game's library page or by opening the PDF found in the game's main folder. I caution players however to not open this book until after they have played some or all of the game, because most of it can be reasonably deducted or inducted by simply playing the game and reading snooped data. It's not precisely spoilers, but it does remove a lot of the interesting mysteries.Actual gameplay itself is fairly straightforward (aside from the almost-entirely-optional ""mazes""). If you're at all familiar with the Far Cry series, you'll find the game comfortably familiar, aside from the fact that there are no usable vehicles and hoofing it is a bit slow at times. Fast travel is acomplished by the amusing conceit of just taking over a new drone at the desired location. Weapons are a limited assortment of styles (Close Assault Rifles, short ranged continuous damage beams, long ranged high power rifles, scoped sniper variants of the previous, an always-equipped pistol, and the Phreaker gun that recruits allied robots to your party) with general upgrades and an assortment of sighting and optics choices. Shields can be activated and deactivated at any time, but drain power steadily when active. Managing shields is critical for surviving on Normal difficulty and above. Babying a squad of robots to your destination can be occasionally frustrating because of their poor survivability and the long cooldown of the group heal ability. At the end of the game I found myself running around without a squad because I was tired of sheparding them along. It got pretty hairy sometimes, but I managed. There's some gentle gating with needing progressively more interesting hazard protection, but it's not obstructive. The hazard areas themselves apply heavy visual effects that I found in succession charming, then distracting (but never boring). Fortunately, long ranged combat in hazard zones is extremely rare, so it was never a real burden.As of this edit to my review there is a guide to the locations of the red Data Snooper collectables, but I can't actually recommend against searching them out like I did. Find as many as you can, but don't worry if you've missed a few by the end of the game.Final Judgement: If you like exploring on foot, reading diary entries, and some light (but not undifficult) combat, you're going to like this game. If you liked the functional gameplay elements of the Far Cry series, you're going to like this game. If you liked scanning and reading the tidbits about the world around you in the Metroid Prime series, you're going to like this game.Is it worth $20? Yes, but if you're not absolutely sure you like all of those things I just listed, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,457760,31176953,Posted: 16 April,all,m00hk00h,"If look at this and think ""sweet, another Borderlands!"" then go look elsewhere. It's a relatively slow paced exploration game with some basic combat elements. It's about walking the different landscapes, finding all hidden messages and figuring out was is going on on this world and finally decide the fate of Tölva. In Theory you could run through this in a couple of hours yet I am close to the 20 hour mark trying to find and see everything there is to see.If you want to get lost in a mysterious world with robots roaming around it migh as well be Tölva."
76561198056266852,Recommended,457760,32205719,Posted: 5 June,all,Whisper Draston,"This game is just plain good, it's surpising how under the radar this game is but, I enjoy it even if it is a little short it has a lot to offer and lots of secrets to explore. The combat is pretty good, though I wish stealth was part of it so you could really get a drop on the enemy, and also a crouch would be nice to. My biggest complaints with it are the fact you can't crouch and you can't run otherwise this game is def. one of my faves."
76561198007897761,Not Recommended,457760,31536766,Posted: 3 May,all,etheric42,"The game had some enjoyable moments.  I didn't do all the item hunts but I did play all the missions.  Most of the combat was enjoyable and the game didn't overstay its welcome (or, less charitably, decided not to innovate on its iterations and opted for a smaller scope to accomodate).But for the times where there was a difficulty spike or I messed up a mission?  Well, it's time for another lengthy walk.  And there's no autowalk hotkey (I had to script one to prevent me from pulling my hair out).  Oh and if you want to use the cool gun that makes allied NPCs follow up?  Then when you respawn you often have to decide between spawning nearby and not being able to use that ability (which takes up one of your two weapon slots), or spawning futher away and having to walk more.  A third option would be to swap out that weapon slot to a weapon, but to do that you would have to respawn further away, reconfigure loadout, and then fast-travel/respawn to the closer checkpoint (and then walk back to your destination).Loved the visual touches, the alternate vision, the flashlight complete with high-beams, etc.  The last tier of weapons was overpowered and the last mission(s) were anti-climactic.  Taking down ""tanks"" (spiders) was rare, but pretty boring (time their weapon recharge rate with your shields, chip at their bullet spongyness, sometimes have to waste time blowing up a drone and then get back to work).The narrative logs you find are nicely written and amusing, but got pretty repetitive.  Completing all the missions gives you about half of them, but I had no desire to hunt the rest because I assumed they would all say the same thing.  One of the two endings is very vague/unclear unless you've found a significant number of optional logs and/or read a lorebook.I don't understand why weapons had tiers.  Basically there were four kinds of guns, one had three sights, one had two sights and two had no sights.  Instead of just giving you 7 options to equip, the same 7 options were repeated over and over with increasing stats (and different apperances).  You can also upgrade your shields and your AoE/special.  You get access to these upgrades by completing missions which make the items available to buy and then finding stuff/killing baddies to get cash to buy the items.  This system felt very ""games these days need RPG elements"" instead of adding to the game.  And the last tier of weapons was OP (which I suppose is good for people who want the extra help on the last missions, but as I mentioned before, it made them pretty anticlimatic for me) and not even fun OP with cool powers, just higher numbers on the same basic weapons.But again... I finished it.  I enjoyed myself many times playing it.  That has to speak for something.  I am not upset about it being ""short"" (11 hours isn't really that short, and I do enjoy actually short games like Limbo and Inside).  But I just can't recommend it."
76561198016880425,Recommended,457760,31325839,Posted: 23 April,all,Retrograde,"Really liked this. I can see the pace may be a little slow for some, but me it was perfect.It does give out a bit of a STALKER in space vibe, but it does not contain the horror element.All in all, solid gunplay with exploring, slowly unravelling the planets secrets"
,Recommended,457760,34210361,Posted: 13 August,all,Wahooney,"Beautiful visuals, cool world, cool story (so far), and fun overall.I do feel that (with my measly 3.5 hours of play) that there isn't enough variety of things to do, though, I hope that improves with further play."
76561197971143022,Recommended,457760,32052573,Posted: 29 May,all,Sarah Palin,"Its important to say immediately that this game doesn't move the needle. There is nothing here you haven't done or seen, so you can soak in the ambient stuff immediately - which is the game's strength. This is a very good salted caramel, or a new film from a director you know well. So relax. Load up your robot, explore and shoot. That's it. Oh, there is a rambling plot.This is a product made by gamers for gamers. Gamers who love other gamers. You will spend a bit of time marching from place to place, like a Lord of The Rings film, but you are in New Zealand so that's good. Everything is lovely. The sound effect as you switch the torch off is lovely.It is the most wonderful chillout game; compare dusk on Tolva as dusk descends where are. When I saw a frigate take off, all long and boxy, I was slightly in awe because of the scale. It is much tighter than something vast like NMS as you might expect, but there is no feeling of over management.Enjoy this as a work of art and certain craft."
76561198280668343,Not Recommended,457760,33735194,Posted: 22 July,all,jcrodriguez0813,This game might work for people who enjoy small amounts of action interspead throughout lots of exploration.
,Recommended,457760,31070277,Posted: 10 April,all,ford,"A meditative riff on Far Cry's camp clearing and STALKER's sense of isolation and faction conflict. Very simple, but satisfying-- you trek along a painterly tundra planet unlocking spawn points and scanning artifacts for enigmatic pieces of lore. I'm not particuarly far, but the fact that I stuck with it so far already makes it loads better than their last game. I'll update I play this more."
,Recommended,457760,33391959,Posted: 8 July,all,Carlos Danger,"If you liked capturing outposts in the recent Far Cry games but wanted to hit ALT+F4 whenever a NPC grabbed your head in a cutscene, spouting endless clichéd BS, then this game is for you. NO ♥♥♥♥ING TALKING. This game is so relaxed and confident in its style that it ends up being one of the very rare cases where a game feels like it was made for adults."
76561198040066001,Recommended,457760,33171028,Posted: 2 July,all,JJ,"The Signal from Tölva starts off slow. You're plopped down onto the surface of the planet, given a direction and you're left to explore the open world.Don't expect an exciting rush of gunfights and robo battles, but play past the first hour and a half and you'll be rewarded with mystery and intrigue.The Signal from Tölva needs patience. It's not a fast paced shooter, it's an exploration game that has a lot to show you. You'll find yourself in tense situations, scary patrols during the nights and interesting gunfights that require your focus.It's a big and sometimes empty world, but it's never boring or bland. The weapons and upgrades are something to work towards, giving you many different ways to engage enemies.For the old-school gamers there's something familiar here and the pace suits the style, reminiscent of simpler times.The Signal from Tölva has a lot to offer if you just give it time to show you."
,Not Recommended,457760,34363174,Posted: 19 August,all,Apollo Fireweaver,"Very short game. A bit of exploration, a bit of basic gunplay, and lots of reading if you want any story. Basically no replayability with two endings that make Mass Effect's 3 color coded endings look different. Bought for $10 and not sure I got my money's worth. If its down to like $5 might be worth picking up."
76561198037507171,Recommended,457760,31085003,Posted: 11 April,all,Scuba Steve,"A pretty good game, although i would say it is very short. completed within 5 hours is not value for money in my opinion. Almost no challenge throughout game but maybe i shouldnt always pick sniper roles. Repetitive also, was hoping to see more puzzles etc. probably more for me to find if i search everywhere, but once you have to best gun there is nothing to aspire to.Would still leave a positive as was happy with the game generally but was expecting more.That game ran fine on my computer with no lagging or performance issues.It does look pretty.Would like more customization, maybe bigger robots to play. Storyline was a bit meh, i like openworld games but if you are going to try with a story line, either do it properly or just leave it as an open world exploration.Could imagine this amazing as a multiplayer game also, capturing/defending bases. I know its not going to happen but i thought about this alot whilst playing.Almost no replayability as would be the exact same game/experience... can see this one left for 3 years and might play it again, after forgetting everything about it.7/10Hope this helps"
,Not Recommended,457760,31194288,Posted: 17 April,all,Artyom Havok,Very slow and very grindy feeling. If you want a story to be disappointed about you have to find and read data cubes. The shooting has some ok moments. Squads recruited mostly got wiped out in a matter of seconds. you cannot actually afford all of the guns before the end of the game. the guns are frustrating no power too much power and the way they are randomly put on the npcs leads to you being taken down in a few hits most of the time. It just wasn't that fun. even the great parts like the labyrinths were frustrating.
76561198072988356,Recommended,457760,31090585,Posted: 11 April,all,Catnapper,"I can tell that I'll be palying this again, and not just to get my money's worth!Signal from Tolva is a mixture of Far Cry, Stalker, and Borderlands (in descending order of resemblance). The main draw is that the you can recruit allied robots to follow him into his own battles, though every faction will send out patrols and raiding parties regardless of whatever you're doing. The shooting is well done for a game like this as well, with the sluggish combat system in need of spicing up. You have a shield that can absorb most damage for a limited amount of time, but since you respawn and fast travel by taking over other robot's bodies then every robot gets a shield too, and they use them in the most timewasting way possible. It's balanced out by the fact that allies and enemies alike join in any firefight they're close enough to hear.Another main draw is the artstyle. It's like if Borderlands went for spectacle instead of charm, and it suits the not-quite-right world of Tolva prefectly. The alien highlands dotted by rocks and debris from the millennia of wars and exploration are a great setting for a planetwide conflict.The setting is a big plus for me personally. I love my hard sci-fi, and Signals is a step in the right direction, with more science fiction than space opera. The factions present a unique (and feasable) vision of future AI groups, as does the designs, and they even manage to explain infinitely looping mazes.Finally, the story. It's generally pretty good with always a few more questions then answers, until the end happens and you suddenly realize that you don't know anything. I am still very, very confused.Overall, an 8.5/10 for me due to excellent gameplay, exploration, and direction, but slightly janky combat and a mildly obtuse story."
,Recommended,457760,34813215,Posted: 8 September,all,Gal Paladin,"A great exploration game by a 4 person indie dev team with a simplistic but fun shooter system.  Has an interesting story and comes with a lore pdf in the game files for background on the world and further reading.  if you go around and capture all the bases and scan all the things it'll probably take you about 6-10 hours if you're decent at shooters, less if you're very efficient and never die.  No punishment for death other than having to walk back to where you were makes it very forgiving to play.  It's a fun world to explore and wander around with good lore, though the shooter mechanics and enemy/ally AI are a bit simplistic, but really impressive for 4 people to put together in any amount of time I'm gonna rate it 9/10."
76561197990517164,Not Recommended,457760,31221959,Posted: 18 April,all,PolyOne,"I walked around a lot, saw a couple of intriguing sights, solved some mazes, shot a lot of robots, and collected a lot of text logs. Overall the experience wasn't all that intriguing or exciting - it's a bareboned walk and shoot simulator.Do I recommend it? I guess it's the kind of game that warrants a ""meh"" option for Steam reviews.I wanted to like the story and the world, but it never really amounted to anything new or interesting.Despite some nice art, UI and the occasional cool visual effect, there's just not enough here that makes me want to play through it again or recommend it to my friends."
76561197986572155,Not Recommended,457760,34683507,Posted: 2 September,all,evilleMonkeigh,"Kinda a relaxed game, with interesting art vibe. Has a feel that reminds me of a more laid back, colourful STALKER.- somewhat empty in feel; LoTR amounts of walking between activities- repetitious scenery- repetitious missions/bases (fun in short bursts; I couldn't play for extended periods)- STALKER is still way better; both in terms of content, gameplay and atmosphereRecommended if it is on special AND you already own the STALKER series and want a more zen, relaxed, sunny homage.I'd say it's overpriced at $20 - wait til a Steam Sale."
76561198119914304,Recommended,457760,31111284,Posted: 12 April,all,Table@0821,"Damn, haven't seen any games like this for ages.The game was absolutely beautiful, I like how the game made you explore not only by missions but it motivates you to explore by your own will using those interesting events and beautiful ruins that you might not even understand. For example, the mazes are absolutely brilliant as they adds a small piece of puzzle that is challenging in this tactical first play shooting game which is mainly about shooting robots and collecting fragments, or as many other buildings or ruins that doesn't effect your missions or endings in any way but makes you wonder what is the background for this game.Talking about the background, Big Robot did a wonderful job on luring you into their world and makes you wonder what exactly happened on Tolva and what is the ghost that sometimes pops out and watches you, with the cracked shards that those zealots worships and what is the signal? Those questions makes you want to further explore the world of Tolva and fight those hostiles so you can go deep on to these questions.My favorite part of the game is when I fought that big♥♥♥♥♥spider robot in the radiation zone, when I only had some of those middle game weapons and items, it was challenging to kill that big of a robot as the radiation makes every thing unclear with the night coming it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to see almost anything but those glowing lights on the robot, and when those other androids and turrets spawning behind me, I needed to kill all others first before I could go up the hill and snipe the spider from a distance, that was challenging, fun, and that was probably the best part of the game for me.As a pistol lover, no additional upgrades for the pistol means that I was forced to use the sniper and rifle almost 99% of the time, which I found annoying as hell as I didn't like to use the sniper rifle cuz it was too easy, and the rifle although makes life easier a lot, it soon gets bored using the same sight and same type of gun all the time. speaking of upgrades, although there are a ton of upgrades, there are basically only 5 types of guns, the pistols, rifle, laser gun, sniper rifle and the recruit gun, and the upgrade simply changes the damage and its looking for a gun and that's it, making the gun fights boring in the late game with the end game sniper rifle.The scanning mechanics are absolutely smart as hell, it gives you more interactions with the environment, it explains some of the backgrounds, it helps you identify enemies, and makes the game more tactical, but the weird part I found annoying is that some ruins or events gives no data when scanned. For example, the big♥♥♥♥♥robot that got stuck in rocks which makes loud sounds gives no data when scanning it, also some ruins like those high♥♥♥♥♥stone cylinders or those big wreckage that no one understands also gives no data, making it confusing.good things about the game:cinematic shooting experiences,beautiful graphics,open world,fascinating explorations,interesting characters/wild life,tactical game plays,unknown, but appealing background stories,realistic terrains(that acts like a natural cover when engaging in combats),gorgeous buildings, space ships, ruins and wreckage,really cool weapons.bad stuffs about the game:immortal wild life (they just wont die!!),very few gun choices,poor balance between guns and current missions (having one of the best snipers means that you can easily take over bunkers without even losing health, even those huge♥♥♥♥♥spier robots or turrets that looks bad♥♥♥♥♥have yet failed to take even two mags of shots from any end game sniper rifles, which those sniper rifles can be found during the middle stage of the game),could be more challenging (bunkers are only guarded with 4 androids, I once took down a bunker with 4 shots to their head in like 10 seconds),no upgrades for pistol (really bad as a pistol lover).Considering those good stuffs and bad stuffs of the game, I'll give it a 7/10 for its arts, backgrounds and, game plays but if they balance some guns, boost up the health, damage and AI for turrets and spiders robots, and give additional upgrades to pistols, I might consider a 8/10 for this game."
76561197969419648,Recommended,457760,33256373,Posted: 4 July,all,Azuratte,"It's a bit like a walking simulator with guns. I loved it. I really had hoped there was more to it. Don't bother with anyting other than hardmode. The main story was okay, the way the information about the story was given out was handled nicely. I actually really wanted to read the little snippets of info on the story I found. Ending was a bit, ""oh, that's... huh"" kind of situation, both of them.Others have a good writeup, so I wont bother with detail. The game uses only a few mechanics but does them well, nothing stuck out as ""total poop"". Props to the sound development, sound was really really nice, the world felt more complicated than it was just by the sound in areas. The base fortifications are silly as there is a spawn point 500m from every one of them, so even if you lose a base, it's not a loss.I like the game, wish the enemy fortifications were fortified, wish the run time was longer, wish hardmode was harder."
,Not Recommended,457760,31325949,Posted: 23 April,all,[TC] Doctor Lag,"Poor quality of life, weirdly disjointed game systems and general lack of polish ruins it. It's too bad as the gunplay and challenge level is generally pretty well tuned."
,Recommended,457760,31104953,Posted: 12 April,all,Seroto-9,"Great stuff.It's definitely atmospheric and mysterious, and the music helps to add a strong sense of melancholy to proceedings as you stomp around the rusted graveyard of Tolva.I almost wrote 'lifeless landscape' then, but there is plenty of life in the landscape. So far, it seems to largely ignore you, doing its own thing. Occasionally this means that the fauna distract you from killer robots, and sometimes fireflies make you jump. Which can embarrassing for a robot.I was initially a bit concerned about the lack of enemy AI - but no, that was just the easy introductions. I've just been in the thick of a three-way battle, and darn, those droids are smart!The sound has depth and variety, complimenting the minimal ambient tunes and the wind across the landscape. It also has a strong directional element - so you can easily work out where that distant 'boom' came from.One issue for me (as with their previous game, Sir, You Are Being Hunted) is the height of your droid's eyeline: it seems too low, even though it's a 'realistic' height within the landscape. Maybe the developers are dwarfs.I'm looking forward to spending a lot more time with The Signal from Tolva, but I somehow think that many of its mysteries will remain unsolved."
,Recommended,457760,31073405,Posted: 10 April,all,Lopper,"So far so good. Pretty fun game, does have a few problems but overall it's a solid little indie game. It's pretty much a sci-fi open world fps where you control a robot and kill other robots and slowly take over the whole map, upgrading and collecting things along the way, pretty simple game but it's really fun if you like games like Far Cry 3 or 4 where you do missions and unlock more weapons and take out enemy outposts and stuff. Has a No Man's Sky vibe but you actually have objectives and you can't fly about but no worries, it's all fun. The only problems I've had with it so far is that when I first installed the game I booted it up and the menu wasn't showing, turns out my anti-virus had blocked one of the games DLL files so I had to remove that from quarentine and then it worked fine. Aside from that the only issues I really have are that the graphics menu is a bit confusing since you have to click custom to find all the advanced settings like v-sync so that's a bit annoying and then even on the highest settings the shadows look really bad. No others problems though so it's a pretty good game."
76561198165883421,Not Recommended,457760,31720964,Posted: 13 May,all,adam.gibbs,"Clunky controls and dull, repetitive gameplay."
76561197964273919,Recommended,457760,31069910,Posted: 10 April,all,King Crow,Plays a bit like S.T.A.L.K.E.RTravel to new sections of the map and capture bases as multiple factions fight each other. Collect junk to buy new gear and weapons. Explore ruins. Shoot robots with cool guns.The guns sound really good too.
76561197970482328,Recommended,457760,31158724,Posted: 15 April,all,fjk1138,"Signal From Tolva is an interesting game, but not without its faults.  You get to explore and learn about a planet using a robot drone, and fight off warring robot factions which are also doing the same.The primary purpose is to explore the planet and scan items for information, collecting resources along the way.  I wasn't really sure what the point of collecting resources was since they are not treated as ""gold"" or ""ammo"" as in other games, but whatever.  This is also the first game where using binoculars feels fun to me (yes, you read that right) and you can mark enemies like in other games, which comes in handy before entering combat.  Your bases can also be taken over by enemy factions but reclaiming them is sort of a pain and rather tedious.Combat is sparse at best and seems to either feel lacking or rewarding depending on what is happening at any particular moment.  You can enlist fellow drones to help you out, but you cannot upgrade any of their sheilds or weapons, so they get waxed rather quickly especially considering they pretty much charge into battle without any sense of stealth or even the most basic of tactics.  Your drone does not have ammo in the literal sense, so reloading is basically a ""weapon timeout"" where you cannot shoot.Graphics and sound, while nice for what they are, are on the minimal side.  I would have liked a bit more variety in the environments because it's hard to pinpoint landmarks without having to keep referring to the map.  The map itself is well detailed and is an integral part of the game.  You use it to set your own waypoints, learn data about established waypoints, and also teleport from one friendly base to another (the game's method of ""fast travel"").From an RPG standpoint, there are very minimal elements:  weapons, shields, basic mods, and not much else.  You can only level up at friendly bases, which was annoying to me and probably will be for my fellow Fallout fans out there who are used to levelling up right on the spot.In the end, I really wish I could give it a so-so/OK rating.  It has it's moments, but with some tweaking and a little more gameplay mechanics added it would be a really cool game.  I've never tried the abomination known as No Mans Sky, but based on what I've read about it it would seem this is a gentle nod in that direction with minor FPS/RPG elements thrown in.I would recommend getting it on sale unless you've absolutely got nothing better to play.  This game should be $9.99 at best."
76561197969195728,Recommended,457760,31137496,Posted: 14 April,all,archipelago,"Awesome game so far, great art direction, story, sound design and gameplay. You can tell it's a passion project and that makes it a joy to play."
76561198018644463,Not Recommended,457760,32552476,Posted: 18 June,all,Click,"I had this game for a little while, but quickly got bored of it, the game has a fun concept, you can controll at rank 1, up to 2 allied robots, and have them fight alongside you, but controlling them seems to be a bit... bad. the idea is pretty cool but the game feels really clunky/sluggish i spent more time running to new object and just scanning things, then i did fighting/killing. and when i did get in a fight, it was normally on 3 or so robots. which were very easy to pick off. the game has a good idea but as of right now its very very.. boring.."
,Recommended,457760,31069475,Posted: 10 April,all,Sar,"ExplorationMysteryFPS CombatRobot on Robot actionAwesome Sniper action \o/Graphics are gorgeous, and the soundtrack is ambient and melts into the background. I love how you can hear a gun battle the next valley over and race to try and help out your surveyor team who are under attack from two different warring factions :)Played a couple of hours so far and loving it. Better than Sir, You are being Hunted by a good distance, and that was a fun game.Recommended, especially at only £15!"
76561198024218344,Recommended,457760,33396376,Posted: 9 July,all,Gaming Raz,"A Signal BeckonsThe Signal From Tölva gives you more robots than you’ll know what to do with. This story-based shooter drops you onto a planet full of robots clashing with other robots… who are clashing with still more robots, all of whom are looking for the source of a strange signal. There is a mystery to solve and some interesting AI systems to manipulate in the 10 hours you’ll spend playing, but there’s a lot of slow-paced walking time to get to the good stuff. This is no Doom or Wolfenstien.Who Am I?Your character is sort of a mystery itself. An outside organization, who you only hear about through a dispatcher named The Broker, has sent you to infiltrate the Surveyors, a robot faction who is probing the planet Tölva for secrets. This allows you to commandeer robot drones on the planet’s surface, effectively warping around in a vast computer network. It’s a smart way to implement a respawn and fast-travel system, and you can use it to cut down on some of the walking.More Than Meets The EyeThis is a great casual robot shooter, to the point you wish there was more to it. If the devs at Big Robot take the idea of The Signal From Tölva and over all added to the game, they could have a classic for the ages.Recommended?If you're NOT looking for a fast paced shooter with a mega skill tree and a plethora of weapons. Then get this game and find out what exactly is The Signal From Tölva.Yes, Recommended"
76561198322814396,Recommended,457760,34453556,Posted: 23 August,all,pinkmystink,"I really enjoyed the Signal From Tolva. It kind of simple compared to other FPS games, but thats not really a bad thing in this case. While the combat is basic, I found it enjoyable and had fun taking out bases, solo or with some robot buddies. There are only a few types of weapons in the game though they are fun to use, and the upgrades felt meaningful and I was usually excited when I unlocked new stuff. You will do a lot of walking/exploring, and I think your milage will vary as far as fun factor in this department. I'm not totally sure how I feel about the story, overall its cool (full disclosure I haven't read all the logs), but it seems kind of ambiguous and is delivered mainly through text so if you don't like reading you probably wont enjoy this aspect of the game. Overall I just like this game, think it was worth the price."
76561197966835849,Recommended,457760,35044318,Posted: 18 September,all,Booga,"Love this game so much. The writing is top-notch (do get all the story via the pickups and do read the accompanying booklet). Gameplay is fun and ramps up nicely. The scenery is great. But perhaps my favourite thing is the sound design. It's so well tuned to tell you what you need to know (there's a firefight over that hill, someone is alerted to your presence, your gun has drained) but it's also just pleasant to listen to while yomping across the terrain.I've never played an FPS where simply going from place to place is so much fun."
76561197993425760,Recommended,457760,35229551,Posted: 26 September,all,₪ RWG ₪,"Like the game and the old tech art style.Wish there were more styles and mixtures of enemy combat robots (i.e. spider-like that climbs sides of walls walls, fast and weak, jumpers, snares you, shield drainer, ghost invisibility, flankers, smoke obscuration grenades or upon death, robot that releases aerial attacker upon death etc).  Amusing to lure red robots to blue base.   For tough bases shot your gun periodically as you head to destination to bring nearby  bases robots friends along (though they only walk towards you so it's a bit of a trudge).  Always scout out and try to tag enemy robots, tags stay on em even if you 'die', makes em easy to relocate.  Move while obscured to differing area, enemy will go to site of last sound or sighting.  You can walk backwards while shooting at range, run forward while reloading."
,Recommended,457760,31163984,Posted: 15 April,all,Steve Dangerous,"It's a minimalist game, but what it does it does very well. The pace is slow, but that better allows you to absorb the incredible atmosphere. The gunplay is simple but satisfying, particularly once you start to unlock more powerful weapons. The guns are all energy based, but they're not weak-sounding pew pew lasers; they pack a punch.The draw distances are too short to enable breathtaking vistas, but otherwise the art is incredible. The rugged landscape is filled with sights to see.Some people might bounce off this game because of its somewhat repetitive nature, but if you enjoy exploration and atmosphere in games I very much recommend The Signal From Tolva."
76561198040162571,Recommended,457760,31400198,Posted: 27 April,all,Mooseay,"the Signal From Tölva is at its best during its quiet moments, it has combat which is quiet fun and frantic at times but that is not its focus. what it really wants is to tell you a story of this small part of a grander universe. Much of that story and tone of the world is conveyed through logs with the ocasional envormental piece, while it is short it left me thinking on from the game quite a while after. If you love to explore different Si-Fi storys this will do you wellBe sure to take a look at the LoreBook that comes with the game It provides a lot of the framework for the universe this game inhabits."
76561197994829545,Recommended,457760,34595538,Posted: 29 August,all,Stormrise,"I enjoyed this.  I especially liked this sharpness and effects of the user interface.  Working on being a completionist, getting close.  But also wish it was a little longer, had two or three more areas of equal size.  It'd be really nice to play more games where you get some room and time to play after you've got most of the goodies and feel like a big bad brick of a dude ... or robot run by a dude."
,Recommended,457760,34748413,Posted: 4 September,all,Hyetal,"Reminds me a great deal ofBetrayer; budget title with a striking aesthetic and proficiently designed, if, undeniably, a little repetitive. It commits admirably to the premise, and is confident that you're along for the ride. More than anything, it strives for a sense of place, which is by far its biggest strength (and admittedly, my biggest weakness).I thinkThe Signal from Tölvais really something special, and worth investigating closer if you're intrigued by the screenshots."
76561198067934874,Recommended,457760,34473647,Posted: 24 August,all,3 Inch Pounder,"This game is truely awesome! I was hooked from the first couple minutes of playing. The AI is great and act on their own, and the challenge gets steeper after the first couple areas. Wonderfully designed world with beautiful graphics and a lot to do! The unlocks are fun and meaningful and truely impact the game. Really loving this one and cant wait for more on this game in the future!!!"
,Recommended,457760,31948846,Posted: 25 May,all,meltypixel,"If you like walking around and looking at stuff, and then occasionally shooting robots, this is for you! It's not for everybody, but it was totally for me. Surprisingly chill, fun, and beautiful."
76561198054438418,Recommended,457760,31244766,Posted: 19 April,all,mercenaryai,"The Signal From Tölva has beautiful artstyle and offers some good sights. Unfortunately, you mostly walk around, occasionally engaging in firefights, and scan text logs. That's it.  There is very little content or game mechanics otherwise.Limited weapon/equipment selection, territory wars felt distracting, the ending I picked felt disappointing.TL;DR:It's neither bad nor great, felt OK to spend 2 evenings with.I liked it enough to finish in 9 hours & get most achievements, so recommending.Just don't expect a grand adventure or a huge game."
76561198091350526,Recommended,457760,34774819,Posted: 6 September,all,Only_Chins,"Great game. Good mystery, beautiful world, challenging AI. Dont listen to the whining from others, this game has playability even when finished. I was hooked for a few solid days. The only thing that could be improved imo was the story, it needed something more than just a linear finish, but all in all the devs can take what they made here and implement all of it and more in something similar. I would buy it for sure."
,Not Recommended,457760,34428151,Posted: 22 August,all,silverknight123,"Let me tell you why this game has mixed reviews. (Pros/Cons listed below)First let me say that my time on this game is very short, but I finished the main story and handed in all non-endgame missions. So I thoroughly completed the game in my opinion. This game was very fun, I hate to put Not Recommended because if there was a ""Meh"" review, I'd use that instead.  However, I expected so much more when I began playing the game. I told myself when I started that this could easily turn into a 30+ hour exploration game. I REALLY WISH IT DID. When the game was ending, I thought it was at a turning point...I don't know what these people are talking about with the no combat situation, but within 5-10 minutes of playing the game, I was in a firefight. It has pretty basic level combat that involves dominating regions by eliminating other factions' occupation of bases or investigating. The environment is very appealing to me and the exploration was fun. After you discover a few beacons and occupy bases, you don't need to walk forever anymore.Pros/Cons/NeutralProsIts fun to play at firstThe environment is appealingLots of upgradesEngaging combat (in my opinion)Original IdeaThe revenue you earn is so easy to manage and obtain (resources)ConsIts too shortIt can be repetitive (go here, investigate, claim reward, repeat)The upgrades are just that: upgrades. There are ~10-12 unique weapons classes including AOE weapons systems (not guns, but special melee), but like 50-60 entries.Neutral(you decide how you feel)It can be challenging, enemies can bum rush you with shields and you can't do much besides run or hide or both.You kind of have to read for yourself to learn the story (its not told to you)You may not realize you are walking into a maze (You cannot just walk back out once it has begun, but I think you can fast travel/hijack out of it)Its a simple game conceptually (easy to learn, also easy to get bored of)The ending kind of came without warningFor 20 dollars, I do not recommend this game.For 15 dollars, I would say its hit or missFor 10 dollars or less, give it a try.6.5/10 Get it on sale like I did."
,Recommended,457760,31351553,Posted: 24 April,all,queefwizard,"Neat little game. Like a more meditative Far Cry without the bad scripted campaign missions. Some cool mechanics, like being able to order around a few friendly robots, and the visuals are great. I really liked the gunplay too, and the AI is surprisingly good. Guns all feel pretty samey once you've got a sniper rifle, machine gun, and pistol. Maybe the story is cool, it never really grabbed me at all. Nothing truly stands out to make this a must play, but I'm still happy I bought it. A great game to wind down with late at night."
76561198101463187,Not Recommended,457760,31286390,Posted: 21 April,all,delphi_ote,"The sci-fi concept for this game is interesting. But the tedious grinding, extremely slow walking, and pointless mazes are just not fun. The whole game seems to drag on for no reason."
76561198051185425,Recommended,457760,33087622,Posted: 1 July,all,quickfinger,"A perfect game for three or four evenings. It has Far Cry-ish feel to it, still the robotic experience makes the whole exploration / combat different - in a good way."
76561198037336320,Recommended,457760,31540100,Posted: 4 May,all,Privateer,Work of genius.Very STALKERish.Fantastic world.
76561198012448959,Recommended,457760,34334598,Posted: 18 August,all,Iconoclast209,"My first impression of this game is that it is a fairly slow paced shooter with a neat concept.  The idea here is that you are remotely controlling a robot on the surface of the planet Tolva.  The main mission is to find the source of a mysterious signal that is emanating from the planet.  You will do this by marching around mechanically, destroying other robots along the way.  I'm not sure why yet, but it is definitely interesting enough to keep playing.  So far the intro sequence, graphics, sound effects, and ambiance have impressed me."
,Recommended,457760,33194667,Posted: 3 July,all,Skeleton Poo,"The game itself isn't honestly that bad. The only real issue I have is how slow the game is. The game itself reminds me of 5089, another game about robots fighting over territory. However that game actual has constant action as enemies and allies are randomly generated and there's a fight happening just about every where you go. Apart from the game being relatively slow, the games art is good as is pretty much everything else.If the devs were to see this review, I'd honestly recommend taking notes from 5089 or at least look into what that game does differently."
76561198127548279,Recommended,457760,33246306,Posted: 4 July,all,ship wreck,I havent played that much of the game but i am already having a blast. The pase of the fights are a slower pace or i play htem like that but the world is cool and mystirous.
76561198008212350,Recommended,457760,31094966,Posted: 12 April,all,Marcedus,"First of all this is an excellent game.Though it might be a bit short (6-7 hours i expect), this is a compelling mystery where i want to collect every single data log just to get more information. And several points throughout, have i experienced some of the best horror in a long time, where you wander about an abandoned area, not sure if you are being watched as reality changes around you.The only major negative for me is the combat. Mouse controls feels a bit floaty and i miss some more visual indicator that i am actually hitting anything (other than the small 'HIT' text that appears in the scopes). Reinforcements sometimes seems to appear out of nowhere turning a planned engagement into a complete cluster♥♥♥♥. Though this have led to some nice big battles at outposts.At closer inspection the craphics aren't the best but overall the game is quite compelling to look at.The price tag though might be a bit too high at 20€, however since this is a interresting experience you should pick it up (especialy if on sale)."
,Recommended,457760,31190332,Posted: 16 April,all,[RIP] Jesper,"A shooter with good shooting, some fun emergent battles (albeit never larger than around 15 combatants), some great level design, suspenseful atmosphere and an open ended story. It took me around 9 hours to complete it.Consider this game a walking sim with great combat, and with a diffuse story of a planet where something big (good or bad) is going on.The game, as the price tag suggests, is limited in scope but still has progression and noticable better weapons both regarding design, audio, projectiles and handling."
,Recommended,457760,31580899,Posted: 6 May,all,GiantFNRobot,"I picked The Signal From Tolva up due to the comparisons to Far Cry it received.  However, while the Signal From Tolva resembles Far Cry inasmuch as it is an open-world shooter with RPG elements, it lacks much of the depth in gameplay of the later Far Cry games.  The upgrade\leveling mechanic is simple and linear, and often it is unclear what advantages are gained completing optional objectives - outside of the core story missions - which are again, very linearly strung together.While this simplicity in game design might seem as though it would limit the game, what it does instead is put the focus of the player on the story, and the world in which it is unfolding.  The environments of Tolva are beautiful if stark, and the overall art direction of the game is likewise beautiful if stark.  What really shines though, is the story - which begins and ends abruptly and is built with as little exposition as possible.  Rather, the majority of the story is pieced together through the 'archeological' activities of the player.  The Signal From Tolva, it turns out is a essentially a mystery.  The atmosphere of the game occasionally assumes an ominous tone, but rarely does it feel as though something is descending upon you.  Rather, that ominous tone seems build from a sense that solving the mystery of Tolva will not be a triumph, but perhaps, something a little sad.The Signal From Tolva is beautiful because it is stark - aesthetically and in gameplay.  The story is good. The controls are good.  Leveling is simple but effective and mostly appropriate to the pace of the game.  The story felt a little bit too short, the AI for enemies was lacking on occasion, and the ending felt a little tacked on - or maybe truncated, but these criticisms are minor and easily overcome by what the rest of the game offers.Really enjoyable."
,Recommended,457760,31985953,Posted: 26 May,all,Loaded Glove,"Pretty simple game, but it's fantastic! Technically simple graphics, but artistically very nice looking with plenty to see and explore with gameplay that's easy to get into right from the start. Worth the full price of $20 which I paid, but if it's on sale for like 10, there is absolutely no reason not to get this game, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,457760,31099943,Posted: 12 April,all,Subspace Dandy,"It's a beautiful little holistic self-contained thing. We absolutely need more games like this.Highlights:- Art style. Concept art for this was done by Ian McQue himself, and his concepts were realised with attention to detail that is normally unseen in videogames. The end result is pure art (""art"" as in ""beautiful and made with a coherent artistic vision"", not ""pretentious""). Screenshots speak for themselves, really.- Gameplay and pacing. Very simple, even laconic formula, masterfully executed. Basically, long, meditative walks across alien hilghalnds punctuated by short, intense firefights or exploring mysterious abandoned machinery. Devs absolutely nailed the oscillation between action and exploration - it's *just* right, and works great with the overall theme.- Lore and how it is revealed. Basically, you scan various objects for diaries and such. Way more fun than it sounds: the central mystery is good, the lore itself is well-written, and, again, everything is structured and paced in a way that produces a lot of proper suspense.- Procedural AI skirmishes (and combat in general). While it's more of a backdrop for exploration than anything, combat is solid, enemy AI is quite good, and guns feel and sound great. Firefights are dynamic and rarely predictable, enemies seek cover, flank you, retreat, use abilities, etc. AI conflict is honest and unsripted, stumbling upon random engagements is fun.- The design is very deliberate, everything supports everything: the theme fits the mechanics, the mechanics fit the theme. Even fast travel and unlocking new guns are tied to progression in a way that makes sense thematically.- I really wish there was more than 10 hours of it. But then again, it's the modest size and the laconic formula that make everthing fit together so well. There's no bloat, eveything is well-done and purposeful."
,Recommended,457760,31072667,Posted: 10 April,all,EvilNickolas,"Ill start off by saying that this game is a bit short (5 hours?), and while the senarios are completely dynamic.. it wont warrant a second playtrough for most people.BUT!While being relatively short, its bloody good.. nice AI, decent combat, weapons feel nice.The game dosnt do a lot, but its good at what it has.Its worth the $20, a trip to the cinema would get you less for the same price."
76561198015292026,Recommended,457760,31067342,Posted: 10 April,all,Cheapdate,"Not bad for 20 dollars. Slower paced explorer. Gather stuff, buy new equipment, conquer installations to access, that sort of thing.It looks good, controller movement is fluid. Easy to play, no real issues, just a couple of clipping bugs.Its not complicated, small learning curve, you can get right into it.Thumbs up."
76561198222745224,Not Recommended,457760,31193167,Posted: 16 April,all,mysticcheckr (jessicamerchant),very slow rolling after the first 30 minutes also dosent save any of my data
76561198044855753,Not Recommended,457760,34362992,Posted: 19 August,all,machine gun raptor,One red enemy is 3x stronger than you and they pit you against up to a dozen. Laser beams kill you before you can find cover. Enemy shields can withstand 6+ shots from a high powered long distance rifle and recharge in what feels like 5 seconds. Shield upgrades are practically insignificant. The game is genuinely enjoyable until all of these things come together and your stuck fighting for a base for an hour with no progress. I regret this purchase.
,Recommended,457760,31442520,Posted: 29 April,all,pango,"This is an open world game with robots. It has good atmosphere thanks to its sound effects and lighting. It's familiar Far Cry type stuff of collect this stuff, liberate this outpost etc. but if you like the genre and you like SF you should have fun."
,Recommended,457760,34408692,Posted: 21 August,all,Space Dad,"i think that this is an interesting departure from Sir You Are Being Huntedbut a lot of reviews i've read are comparing it to Stalker, and i don't get ithonestly nothing about this game reminds me of Stalkeri get more borderlands vibes from it if anything, actuallybut that doesn't mean i think it's a bad gamein fact, i think it's a very interesting game that i keep coming back to for the skirmishesand the exploration... well, there's not a lot to it. audio logs or codex entries don't really pass a grade for me in terms of storytelling, i'd even go so far as to call them a poor design choice for story, unless they're giving you tidbits about the universe like mass effectthis is not a twenty dollar game. i picked it up for ten dollars and i feel that was a good pricei don't regret my purchase. the gunplay is good, the story, as bare bones as it is if you ignore the text gubbins you read at terminals like i do, is at least a little engaging"
,Recommended,457760,34493123,Posted: 25 August,all,Two-Ton Teuton,"Goofy little game, probably worth 5-7 bux."
,Recommended,457760,31069053,Posted: 10 April,all,criggie,"Not alot to it but whats there in my opinion is great, I dont regret the purchase. I run a constant 70 fps 1080p with a gtx 1060 6gb..and 16 g ram....The story seems to be text you open from scanning..The only thing I dont like is it is an empty world, I explore every corner every inch  of the map and rarely find anything..It would have been nice to have more stuff to find no matter what it was. That is my only complaint and its not really a complaint. At this price point its well worth it to me..Great job Dev's...Oh and get on these forums and support your game..."
,Recommended,457760,31103403,Posted: 12 April,all,OneTurnTooLate,"Visuals: GreatSound Effects: GreatDefinetly a labor of love.While it's being compated to other games it's really quite unique. Yes, there are elements that you can find in other games such as collecting a resource and finding certain nodes to learn more of the story, unlock weapons and rank up.But the world is truly open. If you want to tag along with a surveyor group heading out to try and take a bunker, you can. If you want to go solo and research artificats (unlock weapons, rank up and learn the story) you can. It's more for people who can create their own story in the sense of giving your character meaning rather than having stuffed heaped on you that you have to fit into. Some people say it's slow-paced, and it can be. But I've had some exciting encounters and met my end a few times. An example:I decide to tag along with a group of surveyors who are marching off to take over a bunker. On our way we see a bandit patrol and ambush them, but the fighting was nasty and we're now down to two surveyors, including myself. We're determined to take this bunker, so we march on. We hit them hard, but my fellow surveyor falls, and I'm now alone, but that's OK, there's just a few bandits left. Just then, the bandits receive backup from the bunker and a drop-pod is called in. I pull back, only to stumble upon a lone Zealot picking off bandits. I decide to leave him alone and allow him to attract bandit attention. One thing leads to another and I've got a large group of bandits in front of me, and the Zealot has circled around, putting me in the middle. I'm able to escape by the skin of my teeth but run into Zealot reinforcements and die.That's just one of many encounters, all exciting in my opinion.Some say it's easy. It depends. I only scanned a few signals before I began to take on the tougher bases, and it was hell.Some say it's short. This I do not yet know, but I'm sure if one were to go from signal to signal and base to base then I suppose it could be. I myself have enjoyed taking it slow and helping groups of Surveyors take and defend bases; ambushing hostile factions and being ambushed ourselves.While it may not be for everyone, most everyone can't see past their nose and require a stimuli level only found through a lifestyle endorsed by Satan. So take that as you will."
76561198024845522,Recommended,457760,31067896,Posted: 10 April,all,Inviktys,"This is a delightful Sci-fi walker with punchy combat and an intriguing mysteryLet me break that down, Sci-fi of course is the setting that sees you take over chasses of the Surveyor Faction. Your interest is the eponymous Signal emanating from Tulva. The only problem is that there are many many many other signals that you must sift through to find the mysterious oneThe walker aspect defines the majority of the gameplay, you're walking to areas of interest, through 'mazes' and around regions to pick up resources. I call it a walker vs. explorer because the entire map is revealed with big points of interest already labeled. This is not a bad thing at all but don't expect never ending worlds.The combat is short, brutal, and really fun. You have a sidearm and 2 weapon slots. You can fill those weapon slots with better variants or tools that allow you to form a squad of other Surveyor robots. The guns sound amazing!!!! They have all earned spots in my list of iconic weapon sounds (Titanfall's Hemlock, CoD M1, and E11 Blaster to name a few) they sound great and feel powerful. Enemies are smart, will seek cover, and attack in groups, you have to be careful.The mystery is intriguing and though I haven't beaten the game yet, I am excited to find out what it is. Writing is well done and the mood is very well set.Finally is my descriptor as Delightful. That is they only word I can think to describe, nothing feels like a chore or drags on, the landscape is beautiful with an amazing sense of scale, and many times I've had a big grin plastered across my face for intriguing things that come up, and when the mystery is done, you still have great long range combat to enjoy.I'd love to see this setting and systems expanded upon8/10"
76561198204012472,Recommended,457760,31069106,Posted: 10 April,all,Copperdome,"So I had been following this game for awhile and was pretty excited about its release and *SO FAR* am not to disapointed,The game doesnt provide alot of backstory and is shrouded in mystery as you are dropped of on the planet of tolva in search of a mysterious signal , you control a surveyor droid and search and fight your way to locate new signal sources while gathering samples along the way((samples are used for buying new weapons so make sure to collect them))Right off the bat you notice that the game has a nice design and graphic sort of resembling borderlands . The combat is a bit clunky so far but I might just need to get used to it , you start off with three guns and there are many more to collect as the game progresses aswell as some AoE Abilities and stronger sheilds ,The level design is Very nice and there are some intresting Sights to see not to long into the game there are also some puzzling areas that you visit that can leave you a little confused and disoriented and make me excited to see whats to come , you will find little nodes of memory that can be accesed at a base that  provide little snippets of information to help paint a better picture as to what is going on,Definatley excited to keep playing and get to some more bits of story as so far I still am pretty clueless  to the mysteryof Tolva. Here is the first hour of gameplay that I recorded take a look and see if it suits your fancy ill update my review if I run into anything bad or game breaking .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X47AP_6DlS8&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,457760,32014120,Posted: 28 May,all,Zyrst,Fun and decent lengthed exploration and combat first person shooter
,Recommended,457760,31189013,Posted: 16 April,all,Daimo,"It's enjoyable, but very by the numbers:Walk aroundFind fragments of textCombatCapture outpostsIt's like Far Cry: Blood Dragon Lite, which I enjoyed more than this so you should check that out first."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,457760,31068987,Posted: 10 April,all,Blackcompany,"Most modern games err on the side of too much linearity. Even open world games just insert a typical, linear narrative to funnel you along, despite major issues with pacing.This game...errs in the completely opposite direction.Total freedom.As in, so much freedom, you wonder why you're here. Because there really is no point. At all. You wander. Shoot stuff. Repeat.Sure the game is atmospheric, to a degree. And it really nails environmental storytelling with a sense of mystery.Too bad  there is literally no point to it. At all."
76561197986308073,Recommended,457760,31167850,Posted: 15 April,all,Jim Slather,Very good fun - fast and tactical.  You need to think on your feet.  Well worth the price.  9/10
76561198055342900,Recommended,457760,35127361,Posted: 22 September,all,Tartan,"I haven't fully finished yet, but so far the game has been interesting and beautiful to look at. It's not the be all and end all, and there are a few things that could have been done better, but I didn't but the game for that.i bought a sci-fi robot game as a dad game - the kind of game that let's you get on and play for an hour or so before work or before you have to do real life stuff - and it has been perfect for that. Big Robot managed to make a game that far surpasses what should be possible for a company that size and I look forward to other releases they come out with.A great dad game with great graphics, interesting story and engaging game play all paced in a way that let's me feel like progressing every time I hop on."
,Recommended,457760,31796718,Posted: 16 May,all,Nomad Charon,"Essentially bought the game for the art style as I'm a huge fan of Ian McQue, it's a fairly nice relaxing walk through an interesting world. The design is definitely the best part about it though, quite short all in all"
,Recommended,457760,31072476,Posted: 10 April,all,Der Jester,"First few hours of Signal from Tolva review: This game is worth way more than 20 dollars. Loads of exploring and trying to find mysterious objects, defeating groups of robot bandits only to be ambushed by robot zealots. The terrifying sound of an orbital deploy turret being dropped on your location. Day/night cycles. Enslaving follow robots to help you kill other robots. It's just great.All the reviews compare it to STALKER, but STALKER was brutal and moody. Tolva is bright and forgiving for the most part, but still manages a vague menace of mystery in the world around you. So good. Highly recommending if you liked Stalker, or if ou thought STALKER was just too difficult to get enjoyment out of."
,Recommended,457760,31073612,Posted: 11 April,all,Greywolf,Its not too long but if you like exploration and collecting things this has you covered. It has an interesting story as well.
76561198042092936,Recommended,457760,31068734,Posted: 10 April,all,Paladin,"Writing this to get some good notes down but I will revisit this upon completion of the game.If you liked Borderlands, or Rimworld, or the last Big Robot Game Sir, You are Being Hunted, you will probably like this. I can already tell that I am going to get sunk into this game for a hot minute. Stick around for a better review but I don't see any reason not to start playing this bad boy now."
,Not Recommended,457760,34346685,Posted: 19 August,all,thisisnudge,"It has nothing to do with STALKER, it is not STALKER with robots, just in case you hop on that comment. In short...Pro- Nice game devs. Kudos to their spirit. I hope they have enough for the next game.- Nice screenshots. Some scenes are good looking. Rest is very okay.- ""The Signal From Tölva is an open-world first-person shooter set on a distant, haunted, future world."" (sounds cool)Contra- Horrible weapon gameplay and ""feeling"" for an FPS. Probably biggest problem. Badly made and tested.- Combat is not fun and the AI is so weird at times that it I was close to rage quit.- No procedural generation. I only mention it because I felt that it might have saved this game, somehow.- You really do always the same. The story guide is... weird and clunky.- Game devs focus too much on visuals (it happens), as seen in the expansion (instead of polishing the gameplay).In the end, it is a bad game that looks interesting. It could be really that simple. Bad games exist. Good FPS are rare."
,Recommended,457760,31066743,Posted: 10 April,all,Wayfall,"HiSo i'm running this on a Intel Skylake Hexacore i7 6800K overclocked and a GTX 1080 at 1440p Gysnc. Performance wise CPU sits at 30% and my GPU can huff out 80-110fps and i can see that the game needs  a bit of tweaking as sometime the usage drops to 80% which is when i go down to 80fps. Overall the game runs totally smooth with no glitchs, hitches or crashings.Visual wise the world is very beautiful and i can see the artists put alot of effort into its design. Their are areas that allow you to overlook the gameworld like when walked up a hill and was able to overlook a valley which had a huge robotic skull and arm weathered into the valley (See here:http://imgur.com/a/SANlX).Gameplay wise your objective is to discover a signal that had been picked up while some robots were flying into the system. You travel to world picking up items to add to your collection of resource so to buy items to ugrade your robot (if you die you get a new robot but keep your items). You will also come across robot bandits which lets excercise your robots trigger finger, the guns recoil and sounds are do very well as many developers don't seem to understand how to do gun recoil.There is a lot of potential in this game. It would be nice if they slowly added to things such as vehicles so you could get around faster and also to customizer your bot more as currently you can only change its head, i'm talking about giving your robot some colour as it a boring grey color.Maybe they will allow mod support. Then the mod community could add cities/settlements, traders, quest givers and much more... maybe even planesVery good casual scifi explorer robot shooter. I wonder if in the future they may make a large open world game similiar size wise to game like fallout 4, Skyrim or the Witcher 3"
76561198046747192,Recommended,457760,31075325,Posted: 11 April,all,WitchingSnake,"Best described as a mixture of STALKER (or Far Cry Blood Dragon for that matter) and No Man's Sky.What I don't understand is why this game has to look so awful and low while also running so poor. The design is nice but the graphical fidelity is down to something a Playstation 2 should run. Dropping below 30fps with a GTX1070 and overall not running anywhere close to stable 60fps. You have to select a high resolution such as 4K because the game offers no anti alising options.There are no difficulty levels. I would have liked to set it to something that resembles a hardcore experience. You have auto health regeneration and unlimited ammo and you can scan and mark enemies which gives you the wallhack that so many games have these days.The factions are again very much dumbed down in comparision to something like STALKER. You can recruit bots to come with you, sometimes they are nearby of an enemy point of interest and will come help you if they hear you fighting.The gunplay is nice. There are a lot of different weapons that you can buy but they all seem to be just different versions of the 3 base weapons that you're always equipped with. Pistol, Assault Rifle, Sniper. You can aim down sights which is really nice but the guns have this spray while doing so. This is really just a detail but I really dislike it when you aim and the recoil doesn't match where your bullets go. Like the visual view kick goes to the left but the bullet goes to the right and so on. Opponents and friendlies seem to just go straight at each other.That you can teleport yourself around by leaving your avatar and just connecting to a new one in one of the many bunkers is a great and convenient feature.I like how the story is barebones and in the background. Makes it easy to like the game and the world and all. I feared that there would be audio files everywhere and long dialogues with sentimental philosophical yank but hey the game spared me of that.Comparing it to STALKER is quite generous since the game is pretty bare bones. I am quite desperate for a new STALKER but am I that desperate? NOPEGonna upvote it because its not bad and a new STALKER is always welcome and I wanna see how the game developes from here on out but eh... gotta do better than that especially regarding performance (stable 60fps with these graphics or gtfo).Asked for a refund. Once the performance is fixed and the game is a bit more fleshed out I may get it again. Oh and if its not too much to ask for, some better textures for the world would be greatly appreciated. And something like a Ranger mode from Metro."
,Recommended,457760,31143656,Posted: 14 April,all,Crushfield,"Nothing ground breaking here. However, this title offers great combat, exploration and killer sound and scenery. Imagine FarCry without the sh*t storyline, toss in a scifi theme. You get pure gameplay here and the real storyline is buried slightly beneth the game's surface. If youre into that type of game...grab it, it'll be worth 20 bucks to you, plus you can support the devs. Otherwise, wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,457760,34363255,Posted: 19 August,all,SQU33G33,another generic walking simulator took me 7 minutes to walk to a place then excpected me to walk 3 times as far right out of the tutorial. shooting also felt very klunky and graphics and art were nothing special and felt like a ftp shooter. would not recommend unless you are looking for a boring and relaxed experience.
76561198012017509,Recommended,457760,31146348,Posted: 14 April,all,Soul Assassin,"I'm someone not really into single player games but this one had me playing for a little while when i got it, very enjoyable but I get the feeling it'll over a bit too soon for my liking."
76561198018754072,Recommended,457760,33468737,Posted: 11 July,all,EricTViking,"With Big Robot you always get originality, and Signal from Tolva has it in spades.It's a fairly slow paced game, so if you're used to fast paced shooters, you'll need to calm things down a bit with this one and kick back and explore the planet.Weapons are fun, you can snipe from long distances and call in support drones to back you up.All in all a really fun game set in a beautiful environment.Only down sides for me were a bit slow paced, fairly short campaign and gets a  little repetitive searching for artifatcs.Definitely worth playing though - a great game and hopefully one that can develop over time."
,Recommended,457760,31083896,Posted: 11 April,all,gully,"Overall:  Don't expect it to be amazing, and you will be pleasantly surprised.The Good:- Visuals: looks amazing, great atmosphere.- Sound: chunky guns sounds, nice thud when walking, collectable noises, ambient soundscape fits perfectly- Guns: Great variation of guns for different purposes. I haven't unlocked too many yet, but seems like there is a lot to discover.  They are properly good fun to use, more so than NMS imo!  Getting kills is very satisfying, and I want to do more!- Nice chilled vibe to it, take it in your own time.  Lots of stuff to explore and pick up.  It is very intruiging.The Not-So-Good:- Lots of walking around, which can get a bit repetitive after a while, especially when there is no action involved- Whilst the visuals are great, the landscape is not dynamically generated (like NMS) so I would think after a while, the variation of the area could get bland.- Personally I would prefer if there were a few more missions or even side-missions to play, rather than being a sandbox.   This might put off some gamers who prefer strict storyline / tasks to do.  But for those who like exploring maps and finding items in their own time (like NMS), you will love it. I like both types of games, so for me, not a problem.- The intro was a little short, and unexciting.  I know it is only a small development team etc, but first impressions do count.- Some of the UI screens (such as upgrading weapons etc) look a little naff compared with the rest of the game, and could do with some polish.I look forward to getting into this game more, and explore in greater detail.  It is fun and intruiging enough to go back for more.  So at £15, it is definitely worth getting, even if you are more of a mission-based gamer!"
76561197972464848,Recommended,457760,31093567,Posted: 12 April,all,merkosh,"purchased, installed and played for 3h ... then it got too late at night ;)nice and easy game until now, hope there will be more when advancing ingame and it will be developed further on.- please add more detailed textures, i'm playing on 4k / 39"" screen- i could imagine it too have e.g. an 4-player 3d-person starcraft mode, players starting at diffrent places on the map, getting the bases from each other, fighting about the ressoruces etc. ... great !"
76561198005179411,Recommended,457760,31067253,Posted: 10 April,all,TheHogMaster,Well so far so good it seems to be a soild little game . Good combat with robots enough saidi think well worth the price :-)
,Recommended,457760,31164766,Posted: 15 April,all,Byron,"I've played around an hour so far and quite enjoying it. I went into the game not knowing what to expect at all and what I got was a very slow paced FPS with a basic story. Artwork is good, but don't go into this looking for anything graphically stunning. It also makes use of Unity so take from that what you will, I've had flucuating performance on my GTX 1080 at 1080p, though it can hold a stedy 60fps most of the time.You can view my first 45 minutes of play here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3ksMwHBfqU"
76561198038747025,Recommended,457760,31169351,Posted: 15 April,all,Lobster Pants,"Doesn't do much, but does it well."
76561198065650316,Recommended,457760,31072816,Posted: 10 April,all,pvt.blue,"im too lazy to write a full review so im keeping it short and just listing the things that i actually noticed/angered me rather than waxing poetic crap like other reviewers.the combat in the game feels great and is always challenging. managing health, ammo, sheilds, and an aoe ability all at once gives the game a real tactical depth. and with the difficulty, every decicion counts. though the combat has one really annoying problem. the game likes to spawn in enemies accross the map occasionally and enemies will run towards the sound of gunfire. so, you end up fighting for some objective and as you're exchanging shots suddenly half a dozen more guys show up behind you and tear you apart. then of course you respawn at a nearby base and those same enemies are already there to kill you before you even get control of your character again. even when you get lucky and kill that group off the same thing will likely happen again. though at first getting caught in a crossfire does make for some really tense and exiting moments, it happens to much. also i hate the drones dropping on your head and screw the super tanky turrets.there are really only 3 guns in the game which is a shame; a machine gun, a kind of semi auto sniper, and a beam weapon that is almost useless. then the option to trade a gun out for the ability to bring along 2-4 allies who will run to their death immediately. and they all get marginaly improved versions as you progress. so really you only have 2 useful guns, the rifle and MG. i constantly was wishing for some other type of gun like a grenade launcher or heavy bolt action rifle or anything useful really to change up the shooting itself to something other than ""click on the enemy as fast as possible""finally the atmosphere is amazing but the ""story"" is terrible. there are some truly creepy places and, during those parts, i got thorughly absorbed into the game. but there is no pay off, only cryptic hints to something bigger at play and pointless logs, never any answers.im really hard on the game only because i feel it could have been so much more, both in story and gameplay. but over all it was a hell of a lot of fun if frustrating or dissapointing at times. it's not a game to put much emotional investment into so dont expect much more than a short bit of decent shooter gameplay and the fun of exploring the map.i only reccomend it because it really was fun to play, but for $20 only pick this up if you've got money to burn, there are longer more rewarding games out there."
,Recommended,457760,34474250,Posted: 24 August,all,Bazuka,Loved it! Just what I needed.
,Recommended,457760,31094338,Posted: 12 April,all,M Ф И S T Я Ф,A great concept (faction based open world territory control) executed with middling mechanics and shallow systems.
76561198060707326,Recommended,457760,31094901,Posted: 12 April,all,Roman Reigns,It´s a sweet game works fine no performance problems (on maximum settings).Graphics are similar to Borderlands 1.The fighting scenes are okey but not wow so much fun.The game is all about gathering resources for weapons and scanning artifacts for better equipment.So end result is the game is only for people who like grinding♥♥♥♥♥♥and clearing outpost but really it´s not worth 20 bucks so better wait for a steam sale.I recommend it because compared to other games this is not a complete scam or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and it actually works instead of other games.
76561198031297717,Recommended,457760,31453798,Posted: 29 April,all,Appello,This game was amazing I hope they make another one
,Recommended,457760,31075068,Posted: 11 April,all,zombie cactus,It's basically Sir You Are Being Hunted with a more serious tone and more meat to the story. So basically it's really damn good.
76561197994437654,Recommended,457760,31075726,Posted: 11 April,all,ravern,"Loving this game so far ,makes a change for a good single player game to come out finshed."
76561198038508673,Recommended,457760,33421893,Posted: 9 July,all,Tanner,Neat conceptExploration is funMusic and Graphics are greatLooking forward to seeing how this progresses with dlc.
,Recommended,457760,31069862,Posted: 10 April,all,Nope,"Just kindof meh overall. Visually is very suiting of the art style, with nice lighting, and pulls off the open world aspect just fine by telling you what to do in the first five minutes then occasionally poping up to tell you what something is.  AI is normal, if not occasionally sporatic. The guns all feel beefy, but feel all the same in the way that a teir 3 sniper feels just as beefy as a tier 1 and vice versa, and with only about 4 weapon types you can use with 2 variants for each sniper and assault rifle. In general, its low budget FarCry but with its own sci-fi twist."
,Recommended,457760,31445240,Posted: 29 April,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad",I like it
76561198018455985,Not Recommended,457760,34449593,Posted: 23 August,all,ebfisher,"The game is really slow and boring. No variety,  Not worth it even on sale."
76561198127658636,Recommended,457760,31485067,Posted: 1 May,all,Rune,The atmosphere in this game is amazing. I really like this game.
76561198061517468,Recommended,457760,34696548,Posted: 2 September,all,Panter,Cool graphics and concept. Poor story and you keep doing the same thing. Rating 5/10
,Recommended,457760,31072493,Posted: 10 April,all,hellstorm102,Pretty good so far.
,Recommended,457760,31130551,Posted: 14 April,all,Pupunoob,"I can only recommend this game for people that like games that are mostly about exploration. The combat is pretty solid, the art style is nice to look at but there's not much variety here. It gets repetitive very quickly. You can see the first 40 minutes of the game here.https://youtu.be/BHJyqXpx08g"
76561197988480725,Recommended,457760,31186821,Posted: 16 April,all,pale,What a joy!
,Recommended,457760,31550785,Posted: 4 May,all,Yoda,The game is special but it is very fun 2 play
76561198064612402,Not Recommended,457760,33320675,Posted: 6 July,all,Visual Hotline,"the game isn't very good. my list of problems with it are: there is no sound at all, the speed of the game feels so slow, you are just repeating everything (walking from one important thing to another), the PvE is not good.but when i first played the game it felt reallynice and smooth but that getsold really quickly. overall my oppinionis that you just shouldn't buy it."
,Not Recommended,457760,34379457,Posted: 20 August,all,SatenKnight,Slow dumb AI...
76561198048636485,Not Recommended,457760,31511053,Posted: 2 May,all,Captain Cumbeard,"Buy it on sale, it's awesome.I just finished it in about 5 hours with playing all the side missions etc. I think this is another example of a great game for a not so great price."
,Recommended,457760,31319177,Posted: 23 April,all,BOT WANDERER,very chill much combat such robot
,Not Recommended,457760,32638603,Posted: 22 June,all,yosh,"I was expecting so much more from this game.The artwork is great, but the pacing, moving, shooting feels very slow."
76561197998421136,Recommended,457760,31070733,Posted: 10 April,all,spissvinkel,Very good game. Excellent value. Recommended.
76561197963664525,Not Recommended,457760,31147922,Posted: 14 April,all,Terkala,"Pretty dissapointing. All style, little substance. But then again, these devs are known for their very stylish, extremely shallow games."
,Not Recommended,457760,31291982,Posted: 22 April,all,🐍,I crashed 12 times by just Alt-Tabbing before I refunded. The game has a nice concept but the execution is rather lazy and the story is nearly non existent so it gets boring rather quickly.
76561198023332110,Recommended,457760,31871943,Posted: 20 May,all,Flandy,I like!
76561198065198788,Recommended,457760,31065870,Posted: 10 April,all,JonnyJaap,"After a qick start, I want to say something, it´s gonna be more wenn I play the game more.The grafics and sounds a amazing. There is not turorial, just an ""in game turorial"" with tells you a bit about the controlls while you strart playing, but it is a bit to less, I think.Until now there is almost no storie, just the robot in the space talking a bit, but I think there is missing a lot of information for an good story, but maybe it is comming later.The game can be played with an controller but it is not optimized for playing with an controller. (I think you know what I mean)."
,Not Recommended,457760,31081696,Posted: 11 April,all,Mithaldu,"It looks pretty, but it also runs like mud and there's no way to trade any of the pretty for a meaningful performance increase. Doesn't even provide actual fullscreen, only borderless window mode. Happy to revisit if they make the effort to make the game available for anything but the top percentile of PCs, but as it is, pass."
76561198287513850,Recommended,457760,31100772,Posted: 12 April,all,Windows82,hvaeing trouble playing audio
76561197970409804,Recommended,457760,31065517,Posted: 10 April,all,mkarzi,"Just started playing. Fantastic graphics, amazing sound design, fun to play so far. No crashed/glitches.  Will update as I put in more time."
,Recommended,457760,31865158,Posted: 20 May,all,JINORU,"Beep boop, robots shoot"
76561198025539048,Not Recommended,457760,31229870,Posted: 18 April,all,Noie,FUUUUUUUUUUCK this boring♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game.  Waste of money
76561198081606493,Not Recommended,457760,34347007,Posted: 19 August,all,Grommbir,"It reminds me of a raw, lonely, depressed toast bread in a large pizza plate"
76561197970445344,Recommended,457760,34066756,Posted: 6 August,all,KillMeForPrizes,"Quite enjoyed this game. Great combination of explorations, mystery driven story and combat.Full thoughts can be read on my blog."
76561198032825140,Not Recommended,457760,32051947,Posted: 29 May,all,Cynical,"Ever wonder what Far Cry would be without literally everything that makes Far Cry good?  Well, look no further.Far Cry with inferior aesthetics, inferior gunplay, no stealth elements, etc.  There's no reason for this to exist.  Just buy the newest Far Cry instead."
,Not Recommended,457760,31068873,Posted: 10 April,all,Toster 12D3,You are playing RTS game like DownOfWarButAll units are first level space marines (and rarely turrets)Plot twistYou are on the field and have to run miles in order to reach enemies
,Not Recommended,457760,31961909,Posted: 25 May,all,BlAh,Boring
,Recommended,457760,31064496,Posted: 10 April,all,Lima,its really good
,Recommended,457760,31069095,Posted: 10 April,all,Samurai Jack TH,"This might be the first game with district 9 or elyssium atmosphere. Having a robot companion with u is genius!Edit: Some people complain about the combat being bad. I thought it really fit the game because the combat is very simple yet realisitc. There's no indication to where I should hide or fight when or where. It feels really open and immerses you into making any kind of decision you want with the combat. And by this being an alien wasteland, the combat is slow but fits perfectly with the overall theme, and enhance the feeling of authenticity."
76561197996126612,Recommended,457760,31189302,Posted: 16 April,all,probatboy,"Not a bad little game. I finished it in 17hrs, that's nearly 2x the (single player) gameplay you get in, say, COD ""Ghosts"". For $20 US it's a good deal. The downside is that it seems like it should be a portion of a ""full"" game. There's just not a lot to it but what there is is well done. It looks good and plays smoothly with all the eye turned up to max on my middling spec PC. As a bonus; since it has no dialog, facial animations or cutscenes it's a pretty compact package. Only took about 20 mins. to DL on my crap DSL connection. I have paid a lot more money for games I liked a lot less. If you're looking for a simple SciFi FPS you should give it a go!"
76561197970208201,Recommended,457760,31255449,Posted: 20 April,all,spongbo,"I liked it, but at the end I was looking for a New Game Plus - allow me to keep ratcheting the difficulty (or even go back to when it was a longer but closer fight between me and the bots).Also, I'd have liked having even more bots roaming around the environment. Some of the times I felt cleverest were when I'd lured some Zealots to attack some Bandits.Overall, I knew this was an indie game going in, so I wasn't expecting cutscenes, by by jove, most of the graphics were just stunning, and the manual provides necessary Banksian backstory for the romp."
76561198016555066,Recommended,457760,31268112,Posted: 20 April,all,Waladil,"A solid (if simple) FPS. World is open, but not huge, gunplay is straightforward and pleasant, and there's a good bit of lore to read through and stuff to explore.I do wish the mazes were a bit more relevant -- there are only two you have to do for missions and at least three you can find in the world, but some of those three were the coolest parts of the game, unfortunately the only rewards for them (aside from the entertainment) was a stock of resources, which aren't hard to come by otherwise.Overall, a solid 7 or so -- definitely was an enjoyable six hours for a single playthrough that included nearly all the content (missed a few hidden collectibles and I think I neglected to check a small region, but it looks like it wasn't anything major)."
,Recommended,457760,31265900,Posted: 20 April,all,Cuchulane,"I loved this game! It has wonderful artwork and atmosphere, and amazingly I felt like I was being treated to an excellent story even though there is no dialog. I enjoyed the battle mechanics and found some interesting opportunities to use allies and other times to go solo. Any sequels or DLC's that come out for this I'll snatch up immediately."
76561198028307114,Recommended,457760,34359999,Posted: 19 August,all,gkflyboy,"This is a beautiful exploration game with some shooting (it is NOT an FPS shooter like Doom). You explore and try to figure out what is going on - you have to like this sort of game (I love No Mans Sky for the exploration).This game is not for everyone. But please, give it a try if you think you may like it.Beceause the game is so wonderfully asthetic - you need a pretty decent computer to get the framerates out of it. I have an RX 470 averaging around 60fps in High at 1080p."
76561198013111200,Recommended,457760,34399042,Posted: 21 August,all,Amantion,The most suspense I've ever felt staring at expansive wastes.
76561198325947352,Recommended,457760,34645369,Posted: 31 August,all,OrangeHickory77,"This is an amazing game, my windows computer broke down so now i have to use a iMac. I really want to play this game again. i really suggest they have this game for a iMac platform and maybe SteamOS platform too. that would make this game so much better."
,Recommended,457760,34642877,Posted: 31 August,all,SpaceManSpiff,"Great game, would have loved to have the recruiting gun replace the pistol. The pistol sucks, and having the recruitment gun leaves you with only one real weapon."
76561198182073051,Recommended,457760,34896583,Posted: 12 September,all,Dissappointment since birth,"Good gameplay, but there is a lot of build up to an unexpected and early ending. I was going about my buisness scanning signals when all of a sudden the game ended. There is a story but i couldn't be bothered to follow it. No replayability"
,Recommended,457760,35367397,Posted: 1 October,all,Sifferz,"A lovely little open world game. Short, and in the best way possible. It introduces a fascinating, pure distillation of open world game mechanics, introduces the interesting ideas it has, and promptly nods its head out. The 8 hours I had was stretching the game thinner than it was even meant to.This brevity works in the game's favor, as it never once overstays its welcome. Highly recommend for a couple of relaxing afternoons that will contain a sprinkle of stunning audio design and decent combat. Seeing and hearing the lasers of a full blown multi-faction war over a base at night is worth the price of admission alone."
