user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198060734390,Not Recommended,458000,23589471,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DimensionHatross,"Good foundation for a game and could be a classic with a content/gameplay pass or two but as it stands I find it very hard to want to play after the first playthrough. The combat is a little too simple to be engaging or encourage tinkering/strategy, the map is a little too random with no way to navigate or explore it thoughtfully, and the events are too self-contained and random. It starts to feel as though the game plays itself.If it's on sale I think it'd be a good pickup but for me if a rogue-like (can we call these FTL-likes yet?) doesn't inspire repeat play, then the game has missed the mark.Really hope to see some updates soon."
76561198099294955,Not Recommended,458000,23015183,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Salty: Computer Died,"I really, really wanted to like March of the Living. I really did. I absolutely adore FTL, and considering this game has 'inspired by FTL' and 'FTL meets Walking Dead' all over it, I was pretty eager to give it a try. Sweet holy god was I let down. The only thing in this game that's even remotely akin to FTL is the map screen, and even that is a cluttered mess compared to FTL's. So many of the events are buggy (or perhaps just outright stupid) I honestly thought the game was still in Early Access; I had to come back and check the page to see if it was in full release. One example: there's a random encounter where the game will steal something from you, and there's not a single thing you can do to stop nor avoid it, it's based entirely on the RNG. As if this wasn't bad enough, one of the items that can be stolen is the active weapon your character currently has equipped and is HOLDING IN THEIR HANDS, yet they ""won't notice it's missing until the thief is long out of sight"". I understand it's random chance since this game is a ""roguelike"" (no, it isn't, but that's an entirely other kettle of fish), but how exactly am I supposed to play the game when the very first event I get involves my revolver being stolen OUT OF MY OWN HANDS, and me apparently not noticing it until it's too late? FTL and actual roguelikes will always give you a choice, that's part of what made them playable.  If you don't think you'll survive against a ship in FTL, you have the choice to jump away and survive; if you don't want to risk your crew fighting giant alien spiders, you can leave the colony to its fate.  March of the Living gives you some choices, but a lot of its events are just a random coin toss you have absolutely zero control over. Did the RNG dictate you run into the thief? Then you'll lose something the second you get to that square. That's the game in a nutshell.That's not even getting into the basic gameplay. Your character will find random events on the roads and forests of the world, and go into the cities to scavenge and restock. There is absolutely no way to scavenge anywhere outside cities, so you're relying even more on pure luck to get by if you don't go to the special city icons on the map. Scavenging anything worthwhile will bring a horde of zombies to you nine times out of ten, which is semi-understandable...except for the fact the scavenging system is incredibly stupid. If you bring the attention of zombies onto you, the game does NOT tell you the results of your scavenging until AFTER all the zombies are killed. So if you spend 60 minutes (the maximum time, and always has a roughly 60% chance of bringing zombies) scavenging a hospital, and zombies show up, the game not only doesn't give you what you scavenged, it doesn't even TELL you if you successfully found anything or not. You can waste precious bullets killing off the 8 zombies your searching brought in, only to find that - WHOOPS! You didn't actually find anything. Likewise, if you try to flee from the zombies, you get absolutely nothing from scavenging. The stuff scavenged becomes a 'reward' for beating the zombies, and if you don't beat them, you don't get a damn thing.Speaking of fleeing, fleeing will bring on an entire host of issues that almost always makes fighting the zombies preferable, even in the worst, dumbest of circumstances. Fleeing will make you randomly lose something, which can be something fairly minor, such as a few bullets or rations, something fairly major, like an actual inventory item, including weapons, or it can be something absurd, like an ENTIRE PARTY MEMBER. I fled from three zombies on a forest road, to conserve my and my companion's ammo. The result of fleeing? My companion (Barry was his name) 'was no where to be seen'. He was just gone, with zero explanation; not dying to the zombies, not actually trying to steal my stuff, just ♥♥♥♥ing gone. The game is FULL of random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like that, not to mention things that are still buggy. My final death? My character literally just stood there being eaten to death by a single zombie. He refused to flee, he refused to shoot or reload his gun, he didn't swing his melee weapon, and he didn't do the 'push back' move you can use to shove away zombies that have grabbed you. He literally just stood there being eaten to death from 9 HP down to 0.  Considering combat is unbelievably dull and simple (especially compared to how dynamic FTL, this game's 'inspiration' is with its combat), it's almost unbelievable that they would have problems with it.This is a long, rambling review (and I actually have even more to say, frankly), but I just can't get over how incredibly bad and almost unfinished this game is. It honestly seems like it's still in Early Access just because of how utterly nonsensical or outright buggy it is. For god's sake, the options for choices during random events have numbers, yet another thing they took from FTL, but the numbers on your keyboard don't even activate those choices, forcing you to do it via mouse. I don't understand how the game can compare itself to FTL so much while being so bad. It's a relatively simple concept, and compared to the depth and strategies involved in FTL, which AGAIN, this game claims to have been so inspired by, it's a bog simple time sink of a game...and they still manage to fill it with the most random, unfair♥♥♥♥♥♥ Whether it's purposeful or accidental, the choices the developers made in making this game are incredibly stupid. This game could actually be good, and I sincerely hope it is someday, but it requires an absolute buttload of polish before it's there, let alone before it comes even remotely close to being as good as FTL. If actual choices and strategic, intense combat are what you're looking for, just go play FTL again. If you're super serious about playing a post-apocalyptic survival game, then go pick up Neo Scavenger. It's a million times better than this, in terms of combat, choices, story, survival aspects, and depth. Just don't play this game, not until the developers actually give a damn about making it worthwhile instead of just cashing in on claims of ""FTL meets the Walking Dead!"" which this absolutely is NOT."
76561197969183029,Not Recommended,458000,22708112,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DragonNOR,"I am torn on this game.On the one side I love zombie survival games with scavenging and trying to keep alive in a setting where all the odds are stacked against you. The world is nicely presented through the writing, allthough, in not too long you will start to see events play out that you've experienced before and it starts to feel a bit dry. I also love that there's contextual use for certain items and skillsets for the other survivors should you happen to have the appropriate ones with you.On the other hand, it's easy to grow tired of the unceasing slaps that the game doles out to you when  the dice do not fall in your favour, and yes there seems to be quite a bit of dice rolling behind the scenes in this game. At one point I had two survivors who were both starting to feel the wear of travelling and needed to rest. When you're in a city you can search for a safe space to rest in, which sounded like a good idea at first. The catch is that when you search for a place like this you run the risk of running into zombies, but I thought little of it as I had only met zombies rarely while doing this.First attempt I ran into seven zombies. With two survivors and little ammo left I decided that it wasn't really worth the trouble and fled. The game decided that doing this was to be punished by losing my other survivor. Even though the zombies only appeared from one side of the screen. You can never flee an encounter without risking loosing one of your partymembers or loose gear. Aside from the events where the game asks you if you want to approach something, it is never an option to refrain from combat with the undead without some kind of repercussion, which I find forced and ridiculous.Searching for a second time led my main guy into a gaggle of five more zombies, which at that point I HAD to flee, which lost me my best weapon. Searching for a place to rest a third time ALSO led me into a group of undead, but at this point my main guy was so tired of trying to find a place to rest he simply died of fatigue on the spot.Aside from that I've had survivors instantaneously die from hunger right after travelling because the health meter takes a hit immediately if you allow the hunger meter to fill up, instead of gradually taking damage after it's filled, which would avoid those annoying events alltogether.Or the events where you roll the dice and either things go well or you get to nominate one of your party to either take a slight hit or get fatally wounded. An example of this is an event where you come across a point where a road has been blocked by a fallen tree and loads of cars. You get three choices in this event; Navigate between the cars, climb over the fallen tree or skip the whole issue alltogether and go through the woods.Having played a good few zombie games and seen a rather large number of zombie movies I figured moving in between the cars would be bad as there would most likely be undead still strapped in the car, and climbing over the tree sounded like an event where one of the survivors would fall off. So I headed into the forest to go around. No dice, it was full of undead. So I decided the tree was the least dangerous of the two remaining options. The survivors I sent up and over promptly fell off the tree and hurt himself. In a second game I came across the same situation and decided to go for the cars. And Lo and Behold, there was a zombie hidden among the cars who grabbed my survivor and bit him in the foot, incidentially the same guy who fell off the tree in the previous example, so maybe he was just a plain unlucky guy.I wouldn't mind these outcomes so much if there was a hint towards how successful either of these actions would be in the text, but no such luck. The game throws the dice behind the scenes and either saves you or dooms you in the process.Luckily, the survivors, aside from the few paragraphs you get about them when you initally meet them, turned out to be pretty faceless up and until where I've played so far. This meant that everyone in the party aside from the main character, served as risk sponges, item mules and a means for safety in numbers. I'd have loved for there to be little snippets about the characters in your party and how you get along with them, the partymembers weighing in when something happens, ANYTHING just to have some kind of impact when the random dice decide that someone needs to die.In short, if you like the idea of a decently written, bit style zombie survival game where you travel from point to point like in FTL, with arguably somewhat shallow mechanics and random numbers deciding 'yes' or 'no' outcomes, you will probably like this game.I on the other hand found the game not quite my cup of tea for the reasons described above."
,Recommended,458000,32541474,Posted: 18 June,all,Dae,"This game is not for everyone. Watch gameplay before deciding whether or not you should purchase it, as I did.The facts:- A beginning-to-end playthrough on one of the characters lasts about 4-5 hours (there are 4 playable characters in the main game, with 1 additional in the DLC)- RNG plays a considerable role throughout the game. More often than not, it will be up to chance whether whatever decision you made was the correct one or not, or if you will be made to fight, or if you will lose any items or people upon fleeing. I'd say it is fair however.The pros:- Addictive for the first playthrough.- Appeals to roguelike, text adventure, and zombie loving sensibilities.- Runs at 60 fps on a potato.- Simple survival mechanics. You need to eat, you need to rest, you need to loot to obtain ammunition, food, and medicine, encouraging you to take risks when in cities or in random events.The cons:- Even the easiest difficulty is too hard (don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with a game being hard when that is the objective, but when a game has scalable difficulty, ""easy"" should mean ""easy"").- Feels kind of incomplete to a degree. When you are playing you will likely find yourself thinking oftenIt would be cool if I could do this.- None of the characters have very fleshed out or captivating stories, with the exception of the DLC which I do highly recommend as it has a very interesting plot.- There is a text based fight at the climax of the game wherein it is impossible to deduce what the right choices are. You can actually be killed and lose the game in this fight which is incredibly frustrating after spending four hours getting to that point.Again, I will strongly suggest that you not be put off by my criticisms and watch some gameplay to see if you might like it. I'd say it is pretty addictive at the outset and worth checking out if it is on sale, but eventually you will likely get annoyed at the difficulty and unfairness of certain elements. Ultimately, I don't regret purchasing it but it is not for everybody."
,Not Recommended,458000,22545408,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,IceWolf,"As an FTL fan, I found this game disappointing and shallow.  The combat just is not enjoyable.  FTL had strategy and different load outs, this one just feels gimmicky.  Melee rotters, shoot and kite everything else.  go to EVERY city in the first 2 sectors.  never run from a fight cause you lose stuff and you can get stuff for winning.  rinse, repeat, and hope the RNG doesn't slap you in the face too hard too often.  Many people are enjoying the game it seems and kudos to them, just not my thing I guess.Spent so much of my time playing this game just staring at my guy walking, how is there nothing to make that go faster...."
76561198030341271,Not Recommended,458000,25558684,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Droit,"VERDICT: It is worth buying on sale for 50% off or more.REVIEW:So sad.I fall for the FTL-LIKE hype every time. EVERY TIME.And every time I am disappointed.As others have said, the only FTL-like part is the map really.What really kills this game though is the combat. It's so clunky and awkward to the point that it's impossible to manage with 3 or more people in your party. Unless you like to pause every 0.5 seconds, which I don't.There was potential here, as it brings in the random event aspect in a good way. Things are mostly well-written and interesting. Lots of different events, though there could always be more.Overall, if the combat had been more manageable, it'd be a recommend for me, despite the FTL-like nonsense."
,Recommended,458000,28813088,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"Very clearly inspired by FTL and seasoned to taste with a dash of Oregon Trail, March of the Living is an excellent narrative roguelike that will kill as many hours as you do the undead.  The premise of the game is that your chosen survivor is on a journey to get from A to B for their own particular reason.  You'll have to overcome rotters (zombies), maintain your supplies, and deal with an abundance of random events as you plot your course across the vast regions that are between you and your goal.The game's mechanics are very simple, though, this does not mean that it is easy.  A single rotter bite can infect you which, for the most part, is a death sentence.  Combat is real-time with pause and you can quickly be overrun if you're not careful, especially once you have several survivors that you're simultaneously controlling.  Scavenging is always a mix of excitement and sheer terror as you have the potential to find great items and large supply caches but always run the risk of attracting a dangerous horde of rotters.  The random events that you become engaged in every couple of minutes are text-based with multiple choices for you to select, and as far as I have experienced, are very plentiful.  I have yet to run into the same event and I was just eaten alive on my third playthrough.I highly recommend this game to those who enjoy narrative roguelikes as long as pixel graphics and basic mechanics do not turn you off from a game.  As long as they do not, March of the Living is a great game that may be one that you keep revisiting for years to come."
,Not Recommended,458000,23994594,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BUTTFACE MCPOOP,"Don't let the ""inspired by FTL"" fool you like it did me. While FTL was fun, challenging, and charming march of the living is dull boring and unbalanced. Fortunatley I am still under the two hour mark and can refund it.Don't buy for more than $2.99"
,Not Recommended,458000,23970652,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"And now to one of my more shorter reviews.The game, inspired by FTL, is good. But what I found to be the case is that it lacks content. And with content I mean stuff to do. Missions to go after, scenarios to get through. You find yourself repeating many things over and over again and it kinda gets repeptitive. FTL had a lot of content going for it. While most of the missions where the same, the field wasnt that big to begin with so what they had to offer was actually quite enough.March of the Living however has such a big map, with so many points to visit and just not enough content to provide for it. To be honest, I cant play the game longer than 5 minutes after playing it for the first time.FTL was more the game that you had to be in the mood for but if you were, you kept playing. You died? Well you hopped right back in with another strategy. All of the sudden: OP upgrades.March of the Living is a game you can play at all times possible. Move around, try to survive, gather supplies, lose supplies, find a gun, dont have ammo for the gun, throw the gun away, find ammo for the gun, meet bandits, attack bandits, die because you dont have the gun.Next run: Move around, try to survive, gather supplies, find girl, bring girl to grandpa, get reward, lose supplies, get attacked by zombies, find ammo, find ammo, find ammo, find ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shotgun, miss literally every single shot, finally hit, meet bandits, run from bandits, get shot, get attacked by a horde, realise you have no ammo because you kept missing shots, realise you dont have a meele weapon either cause you didnt need one, die.While FTL goes with your knowledge of the game, as to what to do, March of the Living goes with random chance."
76561198000402623,Not Recommended,458000,24001005,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zombiecat,"A well designed roguelike is one where you make meaningful decisions based around the RNG, not one that lets RNG take over your decisions, and you're forced to play whatever's left afterwards.March of the Living was fun in the first 20~30 minutes, when you're still exploring and discovering new things. However once you grasp the mechanic, which doesn't take long,  it degenerates into a shallow, repetitive romp. There just isn't much to do in the game. The game generates a new map everytime you play, but it makes no difference. The only difference is the number of turns it takes to get to your destination. The entire game, you're  basically walking from point A to B, with the game throwing as many RNG events as the steps it takes to get there. That's it.Overall the gameplay just isn't captivating,  and at no point did I feel whatever I did made a difference. It's a shame though, it did everything right except the gameplay. A wasted opportunity of what could otherwise be a cool game."
76561198010479045,Recommended,458000,23868495,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Peter Pan,"A serviceable game that is as described, a mix of FTL and The Walking Dead. But it is a mixture of the basics of both, could have been more, and may be too short for its price.The game follows FTL in the sense that every destination node you reach would have a random event, and like FTL, it is randomized and can be good or bad. As you journey through the nodes you have to make decisions to keep yourself alive and reach your final destination.And obviously the game follows The Walking Dead because it has zombies, guns and scavenging. Scavenging takes place in a town node where you can scavenge 5 buildings, police station, hospital, drug store, grocery and apartments.Along the way you may be able to recruit new people. You have to manage your team's hunger and fatigue. The more people you have, the more food they have to eat, but there is strength in numbers.Combat is simple but considering there are only so many ways to kill zombies, it does its job and there is no need to make it as complex as FTL. There are 4 main weapon types, melee, pistols, shotguns and rifles. Each gun have different firing modes such as a slower but more accurate shot which instantly kills enemies.Unfortunately, the game also has the shortcomings of The Walking Dead. The game is short and one character takes about 2 hours to complete. All 4 characters would take about 10 hours. And like the Walking Dead, the game focuses more on story, and so doesn't have as much replayability as FTL. But unlike the Walking Dead, the story in this game is merely ok and cannot rival the well-written Walking Dead.The game is serviceable but may not be worth the full price due to how short it can be. Currently it feels like an idea with the basics down, but hasn't been fleshed out yet. But at a higher discount, it may be worth your money."
,Recommended,458000,23352330,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Side,Apparently the person making the promotional videos didn't know you could press space to pause and be more tactical during battles (Newbs take note)10/10
76561198005016536,Not Recommended,458000,28843937,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,St.Archeus,"Though I love the idea of an FTL-style zombie survivial game, this game suffers from three main drawbacks.First, the combat isn't fun. On top of being a generally boring design, multiple aspects of the combat make it difficult to get the survivors to do what you want them to do.  For example, let's say you get in a fight with 4 basic zombies and 4 strong zombies (faster and more deadly, and thus should be prioritized).  Your survivor will try to shoot them in the order they appear in the HUD, which is usually basic zombies first, followed by strong zombies.  If you specifically command the survivor to shoot the first strong zombie (#5 in line) and he kills it, he will then default back to shooting the first basic zombie (#1), forcing you to pause and repick his target every single time.  When you have 3 survivors and it is not clear who is targeting what, it becomes a madhouse where more than half the fight is spent paused ensuring they are shooting the things you actually want them to shoot.Second, the zombie apocalype narrative is often poorly executed. Frequently, it is clear that the developers had a specifc functional result in mind for a scenario, but failed to attached a believable storyline/theme to it. For example, the developers wanted a situation where you have the option to fight an unspecified number of zombies to get a random reward.  The scenario they come up with for this involves your survivors happening upon a building and having a guy tell you that he will give you a reward up front if you will go an kill a group of infected for him down the road. In reality, what idiot in a zombie apocalypse would agree to fight a bunch of infected without asking ""hey, what's this reward you are going to give me? I'm not gonna go fight a zombie hoard if all you are gonna give me is a pack of matches."" The game is absolutely rife with these kinds of situations, and it completely destroys your immersion with the narrative.The final problem is an extension of the second, namely that the poor scenario writting leads you to incorrect assumptions about how they will turn out.  For example, I got to the final location in the game and needed to get by some infected. Before this scenario, all of my survivors were fed and well rested. One of my survivors suggests she scout ahead, another suggests we get a car, and my last option is basically to bum rush the zombies.  I have my survivor scout ahead, but she doesn't come back.  I wait for five hours, but she doesnt return, so I give up on her. Now, you'd think that my survivors might have been able to rest or at least take shifts in the 5 hours of safety that I spent waiting, If not, you'd think I would now be given the option to take my other survivor's suggestin of finding car.  At the very least, you'd think I'd have the chance to rest up and eat something before bum rushing the zombies, given the 5 hours I've already be able to wait with no danger.  But no, I am forced to immediately charge the zombies with all of my remaining survivors exhausted and starving.  I have not played March of the Living since.All in all, its not a bad game and there is fun to be had, but you have to be willing to put up with some notable issues."
76561197988004055,Not Recommended,458000,23051704,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cutter,"This game isn't bad, but it's not good either.It gets really repetitive fast and feels a little like a money grab.If it had cost a couple of bucks then it would be just, but for the current price it really feels like a robbery.I really liked FTL and obviously wanted this to be something similar and enjoyable,but it never got me intrigued the same way FTL did.I think a lot of that boredom in March of the Living comes from all the restrictions and limited options with character development.All the characters are pre-set and can't level up, the only thing as far as character customization goes is the choice of which weapon to equip.In my opinion the game has a lot of unused potential, but in its current state I would strongly advise against buying it."
76561198142243491,Recommended,458000,22538141,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,fmral.df,"9/10EDIT 4/22:In what way is this game hard? I've got 72 pistol bullets, 124 shotgun shells, and 36 rifle bullets. I'm throwing away first aid packs and old rifles. Juno is running around like Michonne decapitating zombies from behind with a machette while they chase around the other guys. Of course, I'm a little short on food, so we'll probably all starve to death. But, hey, it's always something.Having played for two nights I can say this:- The combat interface is good. It could be improved with some tweaks, but a few people are claiming it's unplayable or something, which is stupid.- The combat is more tactically complicated than a lot of people are giving it credit for, especially if you want to conserve ammunition.- I definately did get to the point where I was ""I just want to get to the next city and loot it"" while at the same time I was getting tired and worried about making a mistake and killing everyone. The key to a turn-based game is that ""just one more turn"" feeling. If I want just one more turn, it's good.=====EDIT 4/21:I'd note that I did end up playing the game until about 2:00 last night. I still can't give it 10/10 becuase there are some clunky things about combat. The main one is that you have to go into inventory to switch weapons. There should be a click button to cycle them, or something like that. But, the game was interesting enough that I played through that minor frustration. Given combat is over half of the playtime, that is pretty good.I ran into repeat events, but not often enough that it felt tired and I'm pretty sure they weren't duplicates in one playthrough. The game did stop responding once and I had to kill it from the task manager. But, the ""continue"" button got me back to the same place and the game didn't become unstable after that.It doesn't presently have the diversity of FTL. But, FTL didn't have all of the features it has now when it was first introduced. Also, a lot of what kept FTL fresh were updates and mods, which this game seems like it could also accept pretty easily.=====All the elements deliver. The game requires a lot of strategic thinking, resource management, and tactics. There are about 12 significant variables (it depends on if you think of inventory and weapons as one consideration or one per character), all of them are intuitive, and they are all recursively intertwined. No two elements (hunger and fatigue, for example) can be managed separately.Like most games of this type, it has a steep learning curve and you're going to die. Probably, it's going to be after slow resource attrition leading to a TPK encounter nowhere in particular. I suppose that is theme appropriate.Although it is roguelike, it doesn't feel like FTL. This is more the equivalent of ""The Oregon Trail"" with zombies.If the type of game and the theme are your taste, it's better than it looks. It's worth $20."
,Recommended,458000,22534212,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Aeryes,This game is fun to play. I only have one issue with it so far and that is the extreme loss of progress when you die. I don't enjoy having to start at the very start again. It is not enjoyable.Pros:- Nice Art-Work.- Game has interesting dynamics.- Worth the 13$.- Interesting style for a Zombie Game.Cons:- Not enough variety after you die. Some times you come across the same situations.- Some very small bugs of characters not loading causing a reload of the game to fix it.- Death = All progress lost.After playing this game for over an hour I feel that it is worth the 13$ they ask for it as there are a good few stories to go through. Nice simple game for a nice simple price.
76561198082489031,Recommended,458000,22553556,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Weaponized Autism,"Okay in all honesty, this game got me addicted fast. I am almost finished with the game in a short period of time. I have played this game for 4 hours straight yesterday and havnt had any regrets. It was a bit confusing at first, died many times but once you get the hang of it its pretty easy imo. I wasnt going to review the game until I finished it but honestly I am enjoying every second of it. I have to be honest, I did buy it so I can recieve free stuff from another game, but it was so worth it. The graphics can get annoying at times but overall not that bad. Download and install was very quick and easy. Gameplay smooth and obviously not graphics heavy, but it doesnt matter because I knew what this game was going to be like before buying it. Overall I would give this game a 9/10, I think its a bit too pricey for a FTL like game. Other than that it would be 10/10 if it was cheaper. I am kind of curious/excited if the makers are going to implement more guns and a co-op option, because it would be so much more fun with friends playing. But all in all great game and love the story line."
,Recommended,458000,22576412,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Well made little indie game that is flying under the radar at the moment in my humble opinion.March of the Living for me is a mix of Oregon Trail and FTL as far as gameplay goes, along with some more rng/rogue like aspects mixed in. The look of the game reminds me of the original Police Quest and Kings Quest games, with the 8-bit, blocky look and the quality writing instead of voicework. If you like FTL or Oregon Trail i would suggest getting this game asap, you should have a good amount of fun with it. The theme and setting is also very ""Walking Dead'ish"" also.You will die alot, fail early on,etc.. things will not be easy for you and any companions you find along the way, make you're decisions wisely though, they can have big impact on things.You pretty much go from each area/city and go scavenge, shoot zombies and make tough decisions when you come across someone or something. You have to keep an eye on you're health, how tired you are, how hungry you are much more. And as I mentioned above, the choices you face are a HUGE part of this game to.If a game that has aspects FTL and Oregon Trail in it, along with a walking dead style setting interests you then give this a try ASAP. I think most people will enjoy it, but at the same time I could see it being a bit to tough for some and also the graphics might be unacceptable to some people who list graphics as the most important aspect of a videogame.For me though this has been a nice pleasent surprise and I expect to play many, many more hours of this game!"
,Recommended,458000,22564089,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Narwhal of Narnia!,"I like the concept of the game and I will admit I bought it cause I was enticed by the free item in DF. I thought I wouldn't put  a lot time into it but it turns out I kinda played more than I thought I would. The RNG aspect is nice and for a few tries you'll feel the novelty of the game. The story and survival aspect are nice as it simulates an apocalypse and the random events are interesting when they appear. They hunger and fatigue system add into the survival aspects as resources besides ammunition and food that you have to monitor.What are the cons?Well the combat system is pretty poor and repetitive. Having no direct control other than a random threshold probability that you're survivors might hit a target is frustrating and old after a while. Also you're characters can dodge movements and run through herds of zombies without getting hit, so its just a kite game after a certain point. The combat aspect is probably the biggest issue by far.The fact that there is no incentive to explore other regions of the map because its a point a to b kind of movement so going to a city on the bottom of the map yields no benefit when you can just keep moving to the next area with a seemingly identical city.That there isn't much use to misc. items beyond the certain events they correspond to. Like a rope, blanket, matches, etc. can be used for so many things but they are only useable through set random events.Overall review?6.75/10 on this game.Not a bad game, the story and survival sim. is kind of what you're buying it here for which compensates for a semi-decent combat system and lack of freedom. There are defintely worse games you can buy. If they just fixed or completely changed the combat system and provided incentive to explore (for example markers that symbolize like a military checkpoint, farm, gun store, gas station, etc. rather than just cities only) this game would be improved dramatically. So should you get it? I would if you like story driven zombie survival and don't care too much on the combat. Overall content as well such as more useable items like more firearms, different types of foods,armor, different types of clothing to protect from weather i.e rain, etc. More ways to develop characters such as experience from using firearms such as the rifle after using it to kill a certain amount of zombies will increase their proficiency for that weapon type or treating medical wounds would increase experience in healing which would allow for more effective use of medical supplies. There are many other improvements that can be made but these are just a certain few stood out the most."
76561198027708057,Not Recommended,458000,28276215,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Detroitmechworks,"I wanted to like this game so much.And I did like it for about the first 2 hours.  It was a lot of fun.But then it just started dragging.  Nothing felt meaningful, and the characters didn't interact with each other in any manner that made me actually feel like it was a zombie survival scenario.It was a fun game, don't get me wrong.  Totally worth the sale price.  Where else am I gonna get 2 hours of entertainment for 7.50?So, yeah, not recommending it because I can't see myself playing it again."
76561197999449788,Not Recommended,458000,26278179,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Count_Flakula,"People who call this 'a cross between FTL and The Walking Dead' don't understand what it is about FTL that makes it as great as it is.  The different ways you could build your ship and the different combat strategies you could use were part of FTL's depth.  This has nothing like that.  March of the living also has a poorly designed user interface (UI), and along with the shoddy combat that makes this game severely un-fun.  Cannot recommend, even on sale."
76561198039598318,Not Recommended,458000,26324640,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CptMfdvr,"slightly entertaining for about 5 hours, i knew FTL and you sir are no FTL"
76561197967558730,Not Recommended,458000,22614091,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Catacomb,"If you haven't played FTL: Play FTL instead of this.If you have played FTL: This game will feel disappointingly shallow.Normally when a game is inspired by an earlier game, they will take that earlier game and expand on the mechanics.  Not here.The map system:In FTL, plotting out your course is interesting.  Sometimes you'll have to make comprimises to avoid dangerous zones, or dive through multiple tough zones to get to a quest.In Marh of the Living, you open the map, plot the course that hits the most cities and fewest other dots before hitting your goal.  Cities are your primary source of all resources, so there's no reason why you'd ever skip one, and every other point on the map seems to have similar difficulty.   Nothing changes your plan or strategy, so it became boring to me by the time I got halfway through the first map. (3 maps per game)The combat system:In FTL, there's a wide range of weapons that do vastly different effects.  You have subsystem targeting.  You have crew damage,  You have boarding parties.  You have drones.  You have hull breaches,  You have fires!  You can upgrade any of a number of systems to cater the way your ship fights.  If your ship gets a strange set of gear, you can find yourself tackling fights in completely unique ways.  Stuck with ion blasters and a teleporter?  Maybe you'll have to try disabling their weapons while your boarders knock out their O2 generators.  Maybe the next fight puts you up against a Drone ship, so that won't work, and you'll have to come up with another new strategy.In March of the Living, you set your pistol to headshot mode, unless an enemy is so low that they can be killed by a regular shot.  Shotguns only get used in the normal damage mode, unless you have a huge surplus of ammo.  Rifles use the same strategy as pistols.  Pistols > Rifles > Shotguns.  Switch to melee to clean up the last few zombies so you don't run out of ammo.  Even when different zombie types start showing up, there's nothing that makes me change how I play, so it gets repetative very quickly.I love FTL and I love zombies, but in spite of that I can't seem to enjoy this game. : /P.S.Minor gripe about the writing for some encounters.  Let me give a specific example:Spoiler Warning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!One event has you come across two men arguing.  Person A says that Person B stole their backpack with all their supplies.B says that he has a daughter who needs the supplies, and also that A murdered someone to get the bag in the first place.A says that B is lieing, and doesn't even have a daughter.I sided with A, because it looked to me like B was lieing and robbing him. (if A was really a murderer, then he probably would just kill B, instead of trying to convince him to give the bag back)If you side with A, B puts down the bag, goes over to a tree, retrieves his daughter from hiding, and then leaves.  A picks up his bag, and leaves.  No reward, you picked wrong.That makes no sense!  As soon as B steps over and retrieves his daughter, I would see that A is lieing, which would change what I do!  At the very least, give me an option to fight A for the supplies.There's plenty of ways that scene could be written to make sense, but instead it just seems sloppy.  Instead of making me feel bad for picking the wrong choice and screwing over the guy and his kid, I just felt angry at having bothered to read the text at all."
,Recommended,458000,23139589,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mike_Trekker,Decent Game but i just dont seem to be as hooked on it as FTL which the game description itself compares it to. i enjoyed it but finishing the game was just not that rewarding i felt. id tell people to give this game a shot sure but i wouldnt recomend buying it unless it was cheap. it just doesnt have as much replayability as FTL.
76561198178116003,Recommended,458000,22553434,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Puncakes,The game is simple and fun to play when you do not have that much time. it has pretty wierd combat mechanic at first but you will get used to it. I find it not too difficult or not too easy to play. It is great investment overall.
76561198051959423,Recommended,458000,22597707,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ImYourSenpai,"Great Game!I really like how they kept the ""dev tool"" available to players!To sum up the game play...It's like Last Stand and Dead Frontier Outbreak Combined."
76561197976088506,Not Recommended,458000,24005572,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WhiteGold761,I really like the concept of this game.  If it did not have RUN ENDING bugs in it I would recommend it.  However I just came accross a bug 2/3rds through my very first impression of this game and had a bargin encounter at the same time as a zombie encounter.  What does this do?  Well it lets you bargin with the guy for goods but then you must fight afterwards.  You CAN NOT CONTROL ANY OF YOUR GUYS at this point.  You are not able to select any of them individually.  Run away you say via flee?  okay i did this.  But i tried to revisit the node and the bug occurs again!  its at a junction node I MUST PASS THROUGH.  Game broken at this point for me after over 2 hours invested in the run.  Sorry you should really fix these sorta issues as they ruin the entire experiance.  Until these huge code issues are addressed seriously... big thumbs down.
,Not Recommended,458000,24345682,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SuperAIDS,"This game has been labeled FTL with zombies and thats not entirely inaccurate, that being said this game lacks the depth FTL has for sure there aren't really any different play styles (that i could see anyway) and the combat gets stale quick. I've completed 2 play throughs and have no motivation to play it again. It definitly has potential though maybe with a few updates it'll be great but as the price stands i don't find it worth it, maybe pick it up on sale instead of full price if you're still interested"
76561198142355612,Recommended,458000,22536299,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Samez 00,"To be honest i was suprised, the choices you can make in this game are very realistic and  it will suprise you aswell, i had great fun playing what i could today and hope i can see the multiple endings :). p.s just  because you see a damsle in distress take my advice and be cautious :)."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,458000,23597220,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,becephalus,"Game could use a little more polish.  It is fine and plays as you expect.  I didn't encounter any bugs or anything.  But it just isn't enoguh to keep me interested and the crude UI/graphics/maps make it not super plesant to play.if you are really into this sort of game I would definitely try it, but it is not a must have game."
76561197965202226,Not Recommended,458000,22551302,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,FML,"I am a big fan of FTL, that being said FTL beats this by a long shot. FTL might be lacking in its story but is both interesting and engaging in its gameplay and fighting mechanics.This, however, The story is not engaging and the fighting/gameplay sequence and random encounters can get pretty repetative after a few play thoughs. It is just not as engaging as FTL.Items and choices for those items are limited. Occasionally you do get to use the items you picked up but most of the time you don't. The map is big but you do not get to see most of it. You just want to go from point A to point B asap.Going into settlements or cities, you don't really feel like going into settlements or cities, I think I have only encounted trading at random outpost in the middle of maps once or twice and the rest you can't trade at all or explore the settlement/city. Or talk to people or your own team members. They just follow you. They built upon that there are factions but other then one of those faction that will tag along with you and eventually becoming a team member I have not seen or fought any.you do not feel anything for the survivors travelling with you, very little on their backstory and many of the traits end up not important and never used. I know some might argue it feels as though to being in a real zombie apocalypse but seriously no it is not close.The flaw is you are not immersed in the world the game is built upon. BUT it has so much potential!The gathering resources mechanics could be alot better. Having more people should matter in the number of resources and the percentage of getting spotted by zombies. But it isn't.Although I put no in recommendation but Yes I recommend it but maybe don't buy it now. I hope this is not the final and they will be making changes I hope. Isit? IT has so much potential"
76561198027934859,Recommended,458000,22692555,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,glowric,"Considering this is made by one guy who is actively working to improve it, this game deserves support and love! Plus, it's already actually pretty awesome!pros:- awesome FTL+zombie game- pausing during battles is great- nice ambiance- pretty immersive experience- there isn't any special tutorial, you just start playing it. You just start going for the ride and take in the ambiance.- the game tells you the controls as you're playing and it doesn't get too hard before you know what you're actually doing - that's a pretty cool experience.neg: (so, it could use a little more work... these are mainly notes to the developer here from one indie dev to another. Like I said, the game is already cool and interesting and worth supporting.)- when you're alt+tabbed out of the game it needs to pause the game and turn off the sound. It's pretty annoying that the sound and music keeps playing when I'm trying to do something out of the game.- I know it's a pixel game, but it needs better graphics in a few places:- the UI in general could look a little nicer. Like, add a nice background texture to all the flat gray panels (and any other large, flat UI spaces) and they will instantly look 10 times better. (Open up FTL and look at their UIs to see what I mean. They even have add a slight glow to a lot of UI elements. It might seem kind of dumb, cause players wouldn't focus on most of that stuff. But, without those things, the UI just looks pretty bland. Adding some of that will give the UI some 'depth'.)- I'll just be straight with this point and say the maps looks terrible. For example, FTL maps are gorgeous. I hope the maps here will get some actual graphics eventually. And each sector could probably be smaller with less nodes so you can actually make some nice map graphics for it and it doesn't look so cluttered. Then you just add more sectors to keep the same gameplay experience.- the writing/story sections are all against a black background, and boy is there a lot of writing... you could probably add some pixel face icons or the character sprites next to who's doing talking on those screens at least. That might be easy enough to do with your existing assets. The black background and large amount of text creates too much disconnect between the game and the text adventure sections because those stories get so long... A simple enough change would be to make those story sections overlay the road background. That would remove some of the disconnect. (Again, this is something FTL does well and you can see what I mean in that game.)- I got a little confused selecting weapons - maybe dropping items should have separate buttons, so when you click on the weapon (not the equip) it equips it instead. I kept clicking the weapons at the beginning (not equip) and had to keep remembering that drops the items...- the road is... endless... I see the screenshots show more kinds of terrain out there. In the game, there's just too much road so far, hahaAnyway, great start with this game so far! I loved FTL and jumped at the idea of an FTL+zombie game. FTL has a bunch of races and each race/ship introduces a new play style. You're usually performing actions/fighting and the text decisions are kept pretty short. With all the variety, it keeps the game fun and addicting for a long time. They set kind of a high standard with that one, and I was hoping to get a similar experience here. Well, I've only played this game a few hours so far - I'm hoping there's more cool stuff coming and cool new content and improvements in future updates! (And hopefully I made some useful suggestions and not just overstating the obvious.)"
76561198299918213,Recommended,458000,22553345,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,charles.secker,"Just got this game. The more I play it, the more I enjoy it...I've been told an ""easy"" mode is coming soon for you players that can't stand a little adversity. For myself it was a GOOD buy that was fun the first time I played it and it has lots of potential for interesting and exciting upgrades, tweeks, etc.....GET IT and enjoy!"
76561198068784799,Recommended,458000,22556024,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,craftdavid,"I've played this game for a couple hours now so I feel comfortable giving an honest assessment of the game.Pros:-Very challenging. Resource management is a must.-Decisions have an impact on what happens next in scenarios.-Very interesting scenarios throughout the game. The more I play, the more I discover how in depth the game is.-Replay value is great. You will experience the game differently each time.Cons:-Pregenerated characters. No character customization.-Can be very challenging at first until you learn what your doing.All in all, the pros difinitely outweigh the cons. I found myself enjoying this game more than I thought I would. It's actually a pretty great game. Having grown up in the early 90's, I also enjoy the graphics. It's a great game with a very affordable price. I would definitely recommend this if your looking for a good zombie game to play."
,Recommended,458000,33432784,Posted: 10 July,all,johnnyskull619,"This game is something of a turn based survival game with textile encounters. It reminds me of something like an chunkier 8 bit version of Sheltered (also a decent game). The game is basic in design as you are trying to travel through each map to the next location, with random encounters on the way. The map is VERY basic and other than color schemes it took a few minutes to figure out where I was and what I was doing. Combat is essentially just relying on turn base with ability to pause to change tactics (essential since enemies are real time while you are changing between characters and combat tactics. Otherwise,  not a bad game for 8 bucks,  more than that and it isn't really a deal. I had fun with it."
,Recommended,458000,22544588,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,.::Sgt Smoove::.,"Honestly LOVE this game. When im not in the mood to press a large ammount of buttons and do a whole lot of extra stop, i play this game. Just click and think. It's got a great story line, I like that the graphics aren't everything to this. I reccommend this game is you enjoy story game modes. I give this a thumbs up :).P.SGreat for an airplane game, or when your bored/ No wifi type of game. Its enjoyable on your off time."
,Recommended,458000,22551337,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bry1527,"This game....is addictive. It's exactly like FTL in terms of gameplay. It has quite a few interesting events, although I do hope they add more items or at least some items that have passive effects. That is however a personal preference. As of right now the game is great and I am enjoying ever single death."
,Recommended,458000,22552343,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sir Charles Barkley,Amazing! FTL meets zombies. So good.
76561198025444687,Recommended,458000,22559430,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,vvgish,Decent game.  Retro graphics which is pretty neat.  Combat needs some tweaking.  It's not as easy to survive as you would think.
,Recommended,458000,22560627,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,jacobconklin93,"The game is difficult, but challenging. Once you figure out the basic mechanics, the game is a lot of fun! Like many new games, there are things to work out, but Ithe Creaky Corpse has been great with updates and I see no reason to believe that March of the Living will be and different.  I highly recommend the game and look forward to updates and improvements."
,Recommended,458000,22542090,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,www.twitch.tv/blitzynation,"I can see this game becoming a classic in this genre, Like FTL and Organ Trail,The concept is great and the game mechanics are brillaint.The cons so far are, The game is currently buggy as hell, Mainly found problems with the combat system, Some times clicks dont register at times, or all together and my character gets chomped on.I feel that this game has soooooo much potential, I feel a custom character creator and randomly generated backstories and final objectives would give this game more play time ( Seeing as there are only 4 playable characters/stories) BUT these stories are LONG and i mean its gonna take me a few weeks to get through all of them, at the rate im playing it at.So far so good, wanted to leave an early release day review, so that some of you may join me in playing an awesome new game.Heres to the future March of the living."
,Recommended,458000,22737448,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sharknado,"Edited to reflect addition of difficult levels!Pros:- Good combatCombat is based around assigning targets. To conserve ammo, pistol and rifles can aim for the head, at the penalty of reduced hit chance and slower fire rates. Melee is also a good ammoless option, but then the zombies can come close enough to hit you.Since ammo is hard to come by, you'll usually end up going for headshots, since they kill in usually 1/2-1/3 of the usual bullets needed.- Resource managementGame requires you to manage the three ammo types, as well as food and any loot that you carry, which can be exchanged for more food and ammo at checkpoints.- Risk managementSearching in cities can yield resources at the risk of being attacked, which forces you to make tradeoffs. In any given moment there's never really a clear-cut best option.- Difficulty levels added!In the original review I complained much about no options to have easier difficulties to learn the game. With their addition, the game is a lot more welcoming to play.Cons:- Incredibly heavy on RNG rather than skill.Getting unlucky and running into too many zombies while resting is an instant game over that's difficult to avoid. Though resting in cities is supposed to be better than on the road it seems that the risk of getting caught out isn't worth it.Events also contribute. Heavily RNG based, often times they're not even worth visiting just to avoid the risks of getting attacked. Hard to predict outcomes of the events as well, as many are again, heavily RNG based. Should you take the chance that this man's weapon is going to jam, or risk him shooting you as you try to shoot him? Finding a ""safer"" option sometimes isn't even present or apparent.However, in its current state I would still say I could recommend this game - but only to roguelike fans, its difficult to say whether other people would enjoy it as much."
76561198036030250,Recommended,458000,22543324,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"Having just had my first moderately succesful playthrough (wherein I died in zone 3, but was crushing it until that point when some inattention killed my main guy)Its strange to compare the game to FTL since they share basically no thematic elements at all, and their mechanics are very very different from each other. But you know that feeling you get from FTL? its like pressure and risk, pushing your time constraints for higher rewards, the knowledge that the longer you take the more youll need? This game does that REALLY well.Having just learned what FTL is and having lost some 60 hours in days I found this satiated the craving and filled the same niche that FTL shockingly well.Its not FTL at all, but its almost exactly like FTL with zombies.Zombie mythology is mostly walking dead bu incorporates different elements from other popular zombie mythologyUnlockable charactersIts defeinitely a fun new look at an intense strategy rogue-like"
,Recommended,458000,22552422,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,neb,"The game is hard though It's not actually bad,but every game has always rooms for improvement . It will be better to have the movements controlled by arrow keys or w,a,s,d. I wish I could play longer but Im tired from work, I like the graphics although it's retro type :)"
76561198298819898,Recommended,458000,22562608,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RedBeard_DF,"March of the Living is like Oregon Trail, but with zombies! I love it and quickly got into it. Definitely an awesome story and a very tactical game. Make your choices wisely as they could lead you astray or to the end. Sadly I let Greg die in sector 2 my first run, but I'm trying an alternate route to explore more. I love the writing and story. Looking forward to playing this more and heard there might be some improvements coming soon."
76561198030565686,Recommended,458000,22562931,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,trowabarton3,"Reviewing the game after finishing my first playthrough with the starting character Greg after two attempts.First found out about this game from Many a True Nerds Let's play and knew it was my kind of game.  March of the Living is a roguelike with simplier management than FTL.  Instead of a whole space ship filled with crew members and different rooms to control and keep from blowing up, the March of the Living is in charge of a small group of surviors trying to get to safety at the end of the map.  The player will have to keep in check the survivors fatigue, hunger and ammos and weapons.    From the three walkthroughs I had played, I ran into different companions and the story itself changed accordingly.  I encountered different events though some quest objectives are the same.  I had a really fun time crafting a narrative out of the gameplay and would recommend it for anyone who wanted to be in charge of a small group of survivors and let the narrative of their journey playout.  However for players who expected this to be completely like FTL, then they may be disappointed as the systems in place are not as complex.  There are no different races or different beam weapons; It only has pistols, shotguns and rifles which is completely fine in the context of the game itself.The only criticism I have is that there's an optimal marching position for the survivor group.  You don't want to be on either end of the screen as zombies can attack from both sides so you want to have the survivors in the middle.  But every time you rest the group is reset to the left of the screen.  It would be nice to have a button to get the characters go back to a predetermined position like how in FTL there was a button to return the crew back to their respected rooms.  But with that said, all the improvements in FTL were not implemented until many patches and Advanced edition after.Overall it's a fun little game with a surprising amount of replayability.  I just surived with Greg, and now I've unlocked another protoganist with a completely different story and there are two more stories after that.  Mix and match all the different companions in the game then I would say there's a lot of fun to have for only 15 dollars.  Considering a movie ticket this day would get a 2 and a half hour of entertainment, I already had over 10 hours of play so I felt I like I got my money worth.All things considered although this game is similar to FTL, I would say it's more like Sunless Sea with it's emerging narrative.  FTL barely had a story, while I was more invested in the plot and the clues sprinkled to what caused the outbreak.It's definitely a simple little game with a lot of depth in it."
76561198044836308,Recommended,458000,22824874,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,IamMudkip,"Upon writing this review, I have played this game three times. I've died twice and reached the end once, where I got a bad ending because of a lousy decision I made. This game does hammer in that this is a cold, harsh world, and you are simply trying to scrape by. You will meet a grisly demise repeatedly in this game, and with every death, you will rise stronger.This zombie apocalypse game requires both skill, preparation and luck in order to reach your destination. The map randomises on every playthrough, keeping each session fresh. The map screen is pretty basic though, and it would have been nice to have a background like you're looking at a roadmap, but as it stands, it still works.Random encounters can change depending on your choice, or who or what you have with you at the time. One decision you made one time might not be the same the second time around. Over time, these encounters will start to repeat themselves, but that's to be expected. Bear in mind, this game keeps track of the choices you make, so walking the easy route - stealing, hurting, abandoning, etc. - may come back to bite you in the end.A lot of this game is spent watching your group as they travel from place to place. The 'growl' bar at the top does a good job of keeping that tension as you watch it rise or fall or go haywire, and hope you can reach your next destination before it fills up and more of them unwanted zombies show up. Except for a few rare moments, you never feel truly safe as you traverse this world.Combat is okay, which still falls within the realm of skill, preparation and luck. However, it can become difficult when zombies clump together, making it hard to select individual targets. Your survivors can only hold one weapon at a time, so in the event that you wish to switch from ranged to melee to finish off that last rotter with only a few hit point left - which is incredibly likely - you need to do it manually, and this can get tedious over time. Also, every time you change a weapon, the style of attack always defaults to the basic attack, which, for guns at least, are generally less useful than powerful attacks that take longer to charge. Sometimes, they'll attack enemies automatically, and sometimes they'll stand around, humming briskly to themselves as a zombie chews away at their facial features.You have to do everything for your group. The hotkeys to quickly selecting your guys work in the gameplay, but not in the menu, meaning you need to select individual survivors if you want to organise their equipment. They also can't reload their weapons by themselves, althought this does give you a lot more control over how they use ammo. You'll be kicking yourself when you forget to switch your guys back from melee to ranged, and then realise you forget to reload as well. However, that's the name of the game. You've got to be focused and organised if you want to survive. Laziness will only make your next demise hurt even more.Trading is realistic, as money has no worth in this game. Credit earned from one trader can't be used with another, so basically, trade what items you've got with what items they've got based on value, right there and then. This encourages you to take whatever you can, and whatever will fetch the highest price should you happen upon one of these people.Ever since I started playing, many kinks have been ironed out. The bug fixes and the introduction of difficulty settings shows that the developers care about this game. I did experience one freeze during my first couple of hours, but thankfully, the autosave feature is generous, so very little progress was lost.Overall, I quite like this game, despite its flaws, and am eager to play through as a second character, and hopefully achieve a better ending."
,Not Recommended,458000,29516719,Posted: 27 January,all,bledcarrot,"Has real potential, but gets old very quickly.  Combat is boring and there's just too much of it.  Which sucks because barring the odd narrative 'choice' (which also repeat regularly), that's all there is to do.  I just found myself groaning every time combat came around...I think it's the beginnings of a potentially really cool game, but as it stands I an't recommend it."
,Recommended,458000,22618402,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,modifiedreal,Super fun game. Appropriate FTL comparisons. Many random events occur with different outcomes even if you pick the same choice. Lot of suspense filled situations. I recommend you get this if you're into difficult  rogue-likes.
76561198071238240,Recommended,458000,22555292,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Stareco,"""Graphics are out of this world"" - EGN""Realistic feel"" - People Magazine""10/10"" - New York Timess""This game is a must have for zombie game lovers"" - Barack Obama"
76561198073924528,Recommended,458000,22629911,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Conscious_Corndog,"Gameplay is inspired by FTL, and plot and style is similar to Organ Trail: Director's Cut.Gameplay and combat is simple, yet on my journeys I have found myself in many intense situations. Each playthrough, map configurations and encounters/events are randomized. RNG is a big factor in this game, but your fate is still in your own hands. The main skill needed to succeed in this game is being able to assess your situation and deciding of whether to play it safe or take a risk. Taking the long way may be the safe option, but you risk depleting your supplies or exhasuting your character. But sometimes, a final desperate push for survival may be worth the risk.On a side note. It is refreshing to see an indie zombie survival title not come out in early access. The game's content feels complete. There is room for more, but the game is perfectly playable and finishable as it is now. It also helps that the devs' main post-release priority is to patch bugs and add features to make playing the game more streamlined."
76561198299296366,Recommended,458000,22535508,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,eztica,I liked this game because you can make descions and it affects the story line. You can help people or look out for yourself....The sound  and music in the background aint 2 shabby....Some humor also in the story line lol....I like the game so far and the creator of the game def has some good ideas...with random suprises both good and bad
,Recommended,458000,22537339,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jack Delgado,"awesome game didn't expect it was this good! brings me back to those old strategy games i use to play, just need a minor improvements with the selections of character and actions, but i cant wait to discover more.hopefully there would be a sequel."
76561198070985798,Recommended,458000,22659753,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Nevin,"What I think about this game:March of the Living Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb0MCw-8ERAMarch of the Living is a “you're ♥♥♥♥ed” simulator: whichever character you choose, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. You're given an objective and you have to set out on a randomly generated spider-webbed path, dealing with zamboozles and the living, all while juggling items and your own well-being. With each kilometer traversed your character (or party) will become fatigued and hungry, meaning you'll have to take less-than-opportune snack, potty, and nap breaks along the way. Since it's zombie country now there's a helpful gauge indicating how close the zombie growling is to you and, if it gets close enough, you'll be thrust into that weird FTL pause command strategy gameplay. You'll encounter sometimes as many as six zimbompos, and when you have a party of your own things can get crowded real quick. It's hard to tell pixels apart in the mosh pit but you can select actions outside of the fray using little character profiles on the top right."
,Not Recommended,458000,26537151,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HiddenImam,"I don't know what the fuss is all about. This game is extremely bland, crude and repetitive. You just walk and then you shoot/club zombies, automatically. And walk again. And search for meds/bullets, automatically. And walk (automatically).And then you walk some more. Because walking is like 99% of the game. Sometimes the game will throw a wall of text at you, expecting you to read, but you won't because the writing is boring and  it's just plain difficult to read white on grey. You are theoretically on a quest, but everything's so damn predictable and boring when it comes to the game plot, you'll know how the whole thing ends even before you begin.Oh yeah, and did I mention you'll walk a lot?"
76561198205516143,Recommended,458000,22553218,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,antonrmcfc,hi its zombie desetroyerr off dead frontier after purchaseing this game i have found it really good takes time to get used to buy really good game reccomend it to anyone ;)
,Recommended,458000,22556030,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Grifter1462,I haven't played this game a lot quite yet. But it is very entertaining. Must play for those who just like old school text based games with a bit of a twist. Reminds me sort of like Organ Trail. Enjoyable pixelated graphics. Easy controls. Learning how to play is not difficult.
76561198261558488,Recommended,458000,22557264,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,sebastienbick,"This game is one of the coolest pixel games I played in a while, id recomend this to anyone interested in these type of games."
,Recommended,458000,22561615,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,✪۞L۞U۞M۞B۞Y,This game is one of the better zombie games i've played i do prefer this over FTL.It still is open to alot of potential and hope to see more updates because the game is very interesting.I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves story lines and highlights of what you did after you die/win.
,Recommended,458000,22575637,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,IsraNeTful,"I bought the game since the first day it came out and so far i am enjoying it :) i love hard and challenging strategy games and i consider this game great, tho i would really like to see a person narrating the random events instead of us reading it, maybe there are people who have sight issues so this would help a lot. Also several soundtracks depending on the sectors and areas, also during combat. I would like to see more characters with interesting stories, and variations of enemies would be great. so far ill give this game a 8/10 im sure the game will evolve in the future and when that happens ill give an even higher rating :) Good Luck to the developers who created this interesting game. :)"
,Recommended,458000,22556574,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,»SoD« Cthulhu,"Didn't really like it much since I kept getting grapple a lot even though I ungrapple and you can't do much when all zombies are in one pack together since I couldn't aim on the zombie that was grappling me. And even tho the mechanism of the game feels different than other games I play, it's more challengining. It could maybe in the near future give an option for WASD. So far so good and food.~ DF: Thievery"
,Recommended,458000,22575194,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,dallastara,"One of the things I liked about this game is being able to make decisions that affect the outcome of the game.  This keeps the game fresh and different each time you play it as long as you choose different scenarios each time.  I liked that there weren't too many tips and hints to help you - some games have too much of these types of things that take away from the fun of learning to play it on your own.  I did learn that fleeing too much causes you to lose some items that could have helped you later in the game.  Next time I play it, I will try to fight more than flee.  All in all, the game was fun and entertaining amd I give it 10 out of 10.Tara15225"
76561198162825246,Recommended,458000,22553235,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MY LIFE IS SMITH CHIPS,"Great game for those survival and zombie game-type players. DEFINITELY RECOMMENED THIS GAME!!!At the beginning, yeah it was a bit hard but I've gotten use to it.IF u havent gotten this game BUY IT NOW, If you can afford it."
76561198098447217,Recommended,458000,22553805,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Demo,It's a great game. I'd like to see some changes but so far it's almost freeworld and I love the choices you get. Often I choose the wrong one but it keeps you on your toes at all times. You really have to think about the choice and sometimes when you do the right thing you might end up getting killed!
,Recommended,458000,22557295,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RootPew,"I wouldn't call it exactly ""FTL-Like"" as others have. It's rogue-lite in the sense that you select your character/class, and traverse a procedurally generated world - but that's where the similarities end.The shooting mechanics are much more simplified. You're typically either aiming for the head, or the body. Some weapons ala shotguns have additional modes of fire, such as burst shots. Definitely nowhere near the range of FTL's weapon selection, or in-depth damage system.The difficulty is a long shot away from FTL levels, being far easier, and more forgiving of mistakes - you can take that as a good thing, or a bad thing.You're not under any active time pressure from an ongoing hunt, or anything like that. Backtracking is A-OK.The random events are enjoyable, but the encounters are on the boring side. Move, shoot, move shoot, repeat.It's a good title, but I wouldn't recommend it as an ""FTL but with Zombies"" game. It's a lot more like a good sprawling story/exploration title. Fans of the rogue-lite genre may find it too easy."
76561198133249707,Recommended,458000,22557485,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,๋๋๋๋๋๋๋๋๋,great game to play i liked the story mode i actually got into the game played it for about 3hours and i will continue to play it for more
,Recommended,458000,22557504,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Quizzle,"A very fun game that challenges you to make the best of your situations and take consequences for your actions. Situations arrive frequently where you must make a decision, and fighting for your life keeps you on edge.Overall I really like this game and had a blast playing it through in my first runthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYybb3yKp-g"
76561198079004935,Recommended,458000,22558378,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Moona3,"I want to start off by saying it is a fun and intresting game the only issue i had was pushing people off if i ever got caught but the shooting combat is really easy to learn and use. It is fun the way you can explore and have random event and zombie attacks when you are sleeping in the road, good story and a fun way to waste so time. If you are into these sort of games i would recommend the game but i understand everyone has their own types of games they like and dislike. If you decide to get this game i hope you end up having as much fun as i am."
,Recommended,458000,22653758,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,bigjusus,"Awesome game for $15, worth every penny. Very addictive and entertaining, and quite difficult so if you enjoy challenge you'll love it. Music is great, graphics are retro and very well done. The controls are also better than I expected, combat is dynamic and occurs in real time. Would definitely recommend picking it up"
,Recommended,458000,22554140,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sirpokester,"I'm hooked!I love the story, the feel, and just pretty much everything.It's a perfect zombie game to me :D"
76561198149921968,Recommended,458000,22559764,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Silent killer1454,"The game has a very good story and it shows off as a true survival game because if you lose, you start off back at square one. Very nice story writing and decent atmosphere in the game. If you can get past the pixel graphics then this is a great game for you and I'm sure you will enjoy it."
76561198274738627,Recommended,458000,22554326,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ghost with a pie,I keep dying but keep learning little things.Pretty sure I will destroy them zombies real soon with my boys and gals lel10/10
,Recommended,458000,22554345,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MountainDewMe,"In my opinion, I think the game is great!! I like how the game is different every time you spawn. It provides a great mixture of a challenge and excitement at the same time. I was really surprised with how the game turned out and I was surprised with how fun it is. If you have the money, I think you should give this game a try. And besides who doesn't like killing zombies?"
76561198005556284,Recommended,458000,22557955,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Fruitsareoverrated,This game is sick aa hell! Bought it and couldnt stop playing for the entire day. Starts off slow but escalates quickly when u get more survivors. Game is actually pretty challenging and unique with its combat system. 10/10 would buy.
,Recommended,458000,22558829,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄ƷVINƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨,Challenging game and fun at the same time. <3
76561198128020115,Recommended,458000,22555532,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mr. Froggy Frog,"Fun game and worth playing.  Refreshing from most other games.  Enjoyed the story line and cannot wait to this game grow.  At times you can't help but laugh.  Could use a tutorial thought, otherwise really nice game.~The Kitchen Chef :)"
76561198033750544,Recommended,458000,22556026,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Rapala,"The game is enjoyable for me,  It takes getting use to the controls, but when you master that, it gets fun to play."
76561198300041778,Recommended,458000,22557736,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,numbdoobie,"This game blends action/strategy zombie extermination with choose your own adventure style RPG. Random map generators ensure a different experience each time you play through. With 4 characters to play(3 unlockable), It's a very enjoyable challenge with plenty of replay value. Manage your inventory and your party wisely and you just might survive!I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fresh action/RPG zombie apocalypse survival game. Double thumbs up."
76561198068582484,Recommended,458000,22685245,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,pyscoshawn,honnestly the game istelf is not bad. harder then you would expect it to be and wth at least some interesting interactions and plot twisits. you really do have to think cirtically and chose when to move on a opurtonity and when you do not. graphically it could use some work but honnestly its not a bad looking game in temrs of its own style and functionality .id recomended this to those who want a diffrent spin on zombie survival  with a focus on critical thinking and observation .worth its weight if your into that sort  of thingi enjoyed my time with it
76561198299011109,Recommended,458000,22554633,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MW3ProPiper,"The actual game itself is good, mechanics in place are good, although some things need some tweaking in my opinion.Fatigue/Hunger: These drain too fast, it gets to be quite a hassle to have to sleep/eat every 5-10 minutes of gameplay. Food is not plentiful enough to sustain large groups.Combat: You simply do not loot enough bullets to use guns consistently, which does seem concerning because of how clunky the combat systems can get with melee. Having to simultaneously control up to 6 characters in a live melee situation feels clunky when using more than 1-2 characters (micromanaging attacks, grapple countering, etc.). A time-based turn system like in the Monster's Den series would be better suited for combat in my opinion.I also feel that combat is rather repetitive, with such high chances to get into encounters while searching, and since combat is rather clunky, it does detract from the experience.Inventory seems a bit small, but with more characters and more playthroughs, I guess we as players can know which items are useful and which are useless.There are parts that I do like, such as not being able to go back to a previous save in the same playthrough (although I do wish we got a save slot for each of the characters!), which truly puts weight on your decisions.Do not get me wrong, the game is good, but I feel as if these issues hamper it from delivering the optimal gameplay experience.An ""easy mode"" (which would probably be the regular mode, with how it is now being the ""hardcore mode"") as suggested with all of these improvements seems like the solution."
76561198298346389,Recommended,458000,22559516,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,jason2014,"in all honesty I haven't played this much but in the little time I have played it, I am hooked on it. a really great game, it has been a while since I played a game like this and it has showed me what I have missed, if you like a different game to get along with, this is the one for you, I would highly reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198299359434,Recommended,458000,22559915,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Du5K,"Overall, I like this game.  It starts slow, but grows on you.  It's challenging and it's a true survivor game.  You don't always make it, but that's part of the fun.  Thanks for a fun game!"
76561198113233669,Recommended,458000,22556930,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Archiee,"The game is good, very challenging, i dont think the game is all that hard, just the choices that i make that screws me over. If you like games with random encounters and choices that comes to life or death i highly recommend this game."
76561198300843688,Recommended,458000,22557766,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DFplayer,This is a very fun game I just cant wait to replay it tosee the different endings.. Very good job. +100
76561198055427525,Recommended,458000,22556709,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Strider078,"This game is a bit difficult to descrbe in my opinion but I can say this. The game is a strategy game that makes you have to think before you use ammo and makes you have to be on edge the whole time. This game can be frustrating when you first start it but once you get used to the combat you can show the zombies in the game who's bossThe fighting system in the game is pretty good and very fun once you're used to it. The ability to pause in the middle of combat and move your characters out of harm's reach or attack a different enemy makes you always be on edgeThe story and events in the game are great and makes you have to think a bit so you don't get injured.All in all, once you get used to everything, the game is amazing"
76561198123570408,Recommended,458000,22556766,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,woofwoof,"What can I say, this gave for what it is, is pretty addicting. its always exciting when looting different places, such as the hospital, police station etc, you never know if your going to find good gear or be attacked and have to defend yourself. I say 8/10. I think its worth it for the price, it has a long story line with multiple endings."
,Recommended,458000,22557336,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Vaculath,"I personally found March of the Living rather difficult at first because of the unfamiliarity with the controls. However, after familiarizing myself with how the game works and playing it for over an hour with available time, I find March of the Living to be rather interesting and sort of addictive. It's my first time playing an indie-type game and I gotta say, it was a great introduction."
76561198024267821,Recommended,458000,22558096,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Uno2Three,"Having alot of fun with this one.  First couple playthroughs i figured stay away from the cities.  Bad choice haha as they are the only place to scavenge for supplies.Really like the random encounters.  Also, the three different zones really makes it sink in how hard it is to travel on foot and survive the zombie apocalypse/make it to your objective.  Found it strategic to plan routes around the scavenging points and when to rest and eat.I am still on the first character and now personally hate Tom (Horses♥♥♥♥♥♥ for making me go to zone 3 to get my kid back lol.Really recommend this game.  No bugs for me and challenging enough for me to keep coming back to see if i can make a few more days.Really well done devs!"
76561198027223142,Recommended,458000,22554895,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,HackedByARussian,"edit: brb, going to the FTL page to give it a review about how it's not as good as MOTL. SUCK IT HOSERSThis game is The Walking Dead meets Choose Your Own Adventure Novels meets Battletoads. BUY IT. PLAY IT.I've had a ton of fun playing this game! I would highly recommend trying it.You can unlock up to 4 different characters who not only have different interesting storylines, but also have different attributes which forces you to play the game according to what it throws at you. There is a lot of RNG in this game - but thankfully most of the RNG only leads to extra zombie battles and can be negated with skill. Sometimes RNG will be cruel, eat up all of your supplies, and force you to EAT YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING CAT (not kidding).There is a good balance of challenge and progression. The game is definitely not easy - it will probably take you a few attempts to get a hang out of the combat, and pick up tricks and tips to beat the first campaign. That being said, once you understand how the combat works it works BEAUTIFULLY. It's simple, and fun. Unless you get unlucky, don't find a machete\axe near the start of the game, run out of ammo, and have to spend years bashing in rotters heads with your itty bitty hammer. That's really my only gripe and the only reason I really had to do that is because I was stupid with ammo. There hasn't been any point in 20 hours of playing where I've felt the game has been unfair. Challenging, but fair.Since every time you start a new game the map is randomly generated, and the events are randomly generated there is a huge variety of events and potential twists to your story. There is as well as a ton of cool back story I haven't even gotten into yet. Every time I've started a new game it's been fresh and interesting, having to focus on different aspects of survival in order to succeed. Even after a few playthroughs when you start repeating events - depending on RNG, who is in your party and what you have in your inventory it will often have a different outcome than the first time you came across it.In closing: R.I.P. Boomer. You were a fantastic companion, and a mother♥♥♥♥ing tasty♥♥♥♥♥cat."
,Not Recommended,458000,22709631,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Captain Bacon,"This game bears many of the surface elements of a rogue-like game, from random encounters, perma death, and a rather difficult default setting.  But to compare it to the likes of FTL is a misrepresentation.  The tl;dr is that this game is slow, it's uneventful, and it's unusually unfair.  Look at Nethack, Stone Soup, or even FTL.  Players who learn those games can have very successful runs almost no matter what is thrown at them.  I have spent a lot of time save scumming this game to learn how it works, and it doesn't.  It exists to screw the player, with very little in the way of player skill or knowledge involved.  If this game was $5, it might be worth it, but as it stands now I would say wait for some updates or changes.In most good rogue-likes, you weigh your resources against the risks involved, walking a tightly balanced line.  In FTL, for example, you can avoid most encounters with nothing lost but fuel, but eventually when your fuel runs low you need to start taking risks.  In Darkest Dungeon, you can overly prepare before every mission and have an easy time, but may not come out with enough profit to make a meaningful difference.  In Nethack, you have to decide all the time to risk using that unidentified corpse/weapon/potion, or wait until later when you can guarantee your safety.  In all these games, you CAN make meaningful choices that impact the game.  In March of the Living, the choices are not nearly as complex or interesting.Most events in March of the Living screw you.  There are a good ~60 unique items in the game that can give you an auto success in events, but in this game that rarely means something good happens, and usually means nothing happens.  If you don't have the item, it is almost universally a ""something bad happens"" situation.  This would be OK, except there's 0 ways to guarantee specific items, and even worse, there's no way to increase the odds of encountering the events that call for any items you do have.  This isn't a ""burn 10 common resource to avoid the encounter,"" this is a ""did you happen to RNG luck into this one item, have available inventory space, then RNG luck into the corresponding event to call for it?""  And that feels really ♥♥♥♥♥♥, especially when every character only has 6 inventory.  And when you factor in a weapon (if you're feeling confident, you only need a gun) and a flashlight (or else you're pretty much just dead in any nighttime encounters), each character is only down to 4 inventory slots.  And when there are roughly ~60 items, I rarely ever had a corresponding item for an event.  And as I said previously, not having an item is bad.  It's auto damage (no counterplay), a resource loss (usually no counterplay, rarely there is), or, rarely, a null event where you can get away with nothing lost but time.And then there's combat.  Combat is stupidly simple, and kind of broken.  Enemies telegraph their attacks by placing targets over a character when they are about to deal damage, which gives the player enough time to move said character out of damage range.  So while this is a good idea, this devolves combat into something you pause every 2-3 seconds, especially if you are trying to conserve ammo and use melee.  And as only one zombie type is actually faster than your characters, this is something you'll be doing over, and over, and over again, because combat is not varied at all.  But the targeting is not the only reason to pause combat every 2-3 seconds.  I don't know if it's a bug with the game or a ""feature"" or what, but my gun toting characters will usually stop auto targetting after killing 2 or # zombies.  They will just sit there, guns loaded, as zombies descend on them, even with auto targeting enabled. So, once again, the player needs to pause the game, select the gun characters, and manually target another zombie.  Kind of tedious, really should not be this way.  This is not a refined, elegant, interesting combat system by any stretch.And the area with the most potential, the city searching aspect of the game, is equally disappointing, but for another reason.  In cities you can search different locations for more specific resource types, such as police stations for guns and ammo, and the grocery store for food and some general supplies.  ""Failure"" means you get into a zombie fight, which should you not flee, will still net you some rewards.  The good part about this is that it's the closest thing to a rogue-like in terms of resource balance, as you trade bullets and hp (if you screw up and get damaged) for potential loot.  The bad part is that, should you choose to run from any battle (anywhere, not just in cities), the game hands you a random penalty.  The designers don't appear to see loss of in game time, hunger, and fatigue is enough.  Sometimes it'll be light, and you'll lose nothing, or a handful of bullets.  Sometimes one of your characters will randomly die.  Yep, that's right, fleeing from battle can (and will often, from my testing, if your party is 3+ members) randomly kill one of your party members."
76561198209143101,Recommended,458000,26111943,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DirtyDeeds,"This is a fantastic game with simple but fun game mechanics and an emphasis on generating a unique storyline within a certain frame (the start and possible endings depend on the various characters)!But surely it could take more use of its great potential... In some parts the game felt a little too ""flat"" and i dont mean the graphics... For example: Instead of giving you a big variety of weapons, March of the Living only has weapontypes (besides melee)! So you could find a plain rifle, an ""old"" rifle, a ""rusty"" rifle or a ""good"" rifle... Or the fact that every pistol fires the same ammo... Every rifle fires the same ammo... A bit too much simplicity for me xD I would love to see more detail in this. Like actual names for the weapons! An alternate inventory to carry different ammo for the same weapontype! Like hunting rifle and assault rifle... Punp-action and shotgun ect...A more detailed map could give some joy too ;)The events and the combat are really fun and well thought out imo!The survival part: You need to eat, sleep, rest when youre fatigued and be aware of getting infected through bites...All in all pretty solid!There are not much games that make me want to play until the end... This one here does it!So beside some wasted potential it is a great game and everybody that likes ""The Walking Dead"" will definitley enjoy it!!!8/10Edit: (Sorry if i might sound angry but i really like this kind of games, but...) The available DLC is a joke... 5 euro for couple of chars and a little bit of text? Should have been implemented for free, since it took you almost no efford to create such amount of contend dear devs... DLC madness at its best!"
,Not Recommended,458000,23050528,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DeucesWild,"I rarely rate a game bad, if I don't like it, I don't rate it, but this one is different.  For what is given to the player, and for the difficulty of managing multiple party members, the interface and the one shot dead: game over, it is not worth the $15.  The party members need a sort of AI.  Managing 4 party members on a small battle screen with 7 zombies coming at you is frustrating, not only do they sometimes ignore the command you give them, they will not move when a zombie is near, and stand there getting munched on while you are managing another party member.  I found it a tad easier either going solo or only having 1 companion: less food gets wasted as well as other suppiles like food and ammo.  If the were price dropped, I will give it a better rating."
,Recommended,458000,22768337,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,mafia is mafia,"Having a great time with this game but there are some problems.In my opinion, it is a good game. But it isn't worth the price. Yet.There are parts of the game that just don't seem to make much sense and seem to be added while in good faith, aren't full realized.For example, when traveling, you get to see your characters walking to the destination. What is the point of this? You can stop at any time but the only times I've stopped is to either rest of eat food. I feel like this was a wasted opportunity. Perhaps as you are traveling you spot something in the background and you can stop traveling and investigate it? Perhaps instead of zombies only attacking when you are ""being attacked"" zombies can just lumber about as you are traveling?Also the game never relays to you that the positioning of your survivors is VERY important as when you are attacked, your survivors stay in the same place as you last left them. But sometimes, their positions get randomly reset and you have to move them manually again.When fighting zeds with a decent sized crew (4), it’s also confusing who is shooting who. You have to click each survivor to see who their target is and can't see them all at once. Then while you are ""charging"" up your attack, if you change targets or if your target dies, all the time spent charging is reset. And if your target is killed by another survivor due to overlapping targets then one of your survivors will not auto target something else. Along with this, auto targeting is buggy and survivors will often not target the closest zeds. Especially noticeable when there are zombies from both sides.And the travel map. What is the travel map? From when you first open it up, you just see a bunch of nodes connected to each other with some occasional cities scattered about. There are no drawings or ""special"" nodes. Why not? So much more could be done here with perhaps lakes, or forests or suburban areas. And then the surroundings could impact the events that happen at the individual nodes. Perhaps some nodes are special? Like ""DISTRESS"" at this node or so on. When deciding which node to travel to, rather than having to make a choice, its more or less breaks down into ""What is the shortest route""And the combat? Combat is fun and evolves as does your arsenal and crew. Instead of having more people simply being better, it means you can combine various weapons to create a great team while balancing your food supply. For example, I have 1 shotgun in the front and the back of the team to stun zombies. Then have 2 rifles in the middle to pick off zombies. then have a pistol in the middle to help out when zombies get close. It’s fun creating these kind of combos and adapting to your ammo reserves and crew but needs MORE weapons that allow this kind of rationale. I'd say the weapon concepts are great though! Each type of weapon serves a very specific role and one cannot just judge weapons as DAM>EVERYTHING.So what is this game? It is a FTL inspired zombie survivor game. Like FTL, there are text based events intertwined with combat involving strategy depending on events that have happened. Everything other reviewers have said. But what most people miss is the potential this game has. People are already investigating ways to mod this game and with more polish on the current innovations in the game, MotL could become something awesome.PS: Strongly believe that this game is in good hands."
76561198034618542,Recommended,458000,22639270,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,iamcchoi200,"March of the Living is a difficult game with alot of interesting events. These events will reward you depending on your choices, however, the punishment for the wrong choice is severe. it also requries alot of item management I.E - there have been numerous times when i had to give up a quest item just to get a first aid kit or a better weapon.Pros:- Difficulty increases every map so it never gets boring- replay value is high- Some of these events really tests your decision making skillsCons:- there is no way to increase fatigue mid-battle. (this can make melee obsolete or waste alot of bullets)- very few barters so getting credits is very difficult- no other way to increase inventory space besides increasing teammates"
76561198052574067,Recommended,458000,22578434,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,gleep_thedragon,"Steam really needs to have a system beyond recommend or not. I think I'd give this 2.5 out of 5 stars. I recommend it, but with serious reservations. You absolutely have to REALLY like these types of games to enjoy this. The writing is good, the events fairly interesting, and the music decent. Graphics are exactly as advertised. The gameplay is only OK, though. There's not a lot of strategy involved, it's almost entirely RNG. And the RNG is freaking brutal. Honestly, I'm not convinced you actually have the chances it claims you have. For example, when looting a city, you have 5 places you can loot. In my last playthrough I looted 2 cities, choosing the time option that gave me a 28% - 35% chance of having a zombie encounter. I was attacked 10 out of 10 times. You are constantly fatigued because safe places to rest are beyond rare, and supplies, especially bullets, are almost non-exsistant. But if you flee because you don't have the bullets to fight, you are very likely to lose companions and supplies. Overall, it's an interesting idea, but the gameplay is so brutal and dependent on luck, I can only recommend it to people who really like games that punish you pretty much constantly."
,Not Recommended,458000,22692229,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,pngbrianb,"I wish Steam didn't have a binary score system, because this game isn't that bad.That said, even though I'm going to give it a couple more tries, I think there are more negatives than positives here.I like the loot system overall. It's nice that ammo and food just stack without taking up space, and I like that people barter and that some people ""collect"" otherwise crappy loot, making you actually think twice about throwing away glasses and bobbleheads. I like the map system and that the random encounters are frequent, varied, and that they can have different outcomes.I don't like the combat. If all you have to do to avoid getting wrecked is to move, why can't there be some AI for your buddies to move out of the way once in awhile? Having to control them just as much as your main guy just makes it that much harder to keep him alive. I also don't like the difficulty ""curve."" I was having a very successful run until I got into one fight in the second zone where suddenly I had no reaction time to move my guys out of zombie range. My main guy died before I realized he was even in danger, and he had a Semi-Automatic Pistol, so shouldn't he be attacking at least as fast as the zombie?Areas where improvement would be nice include smaller map ""zones,"" since the random generation just makes for weird routes and like fifty places per zone that you just ignore. Another thing would be an ""empty clip"" option in the management screen. If you find a better weapon than the one you have, your precious bullets are stuck in the worse gun. Some variation in barter values would also be cool. A guy on the road with 5 handgun bullets to his name wouldn't part with them as easily as the defined trading post that has 30 of them. Finally, I got a car. I had to have a certain character in my group and had to fight off a group zombies, but getting the car fixed up did absolutely nothing, so far as I could tell. It doesn't even appear on the side of the road when you stop or anything. Are you planning to update that, or what? I should at least be able to move across two points on the map at a time or get trunk space for items. What was the point?Overall, I like the game and would have recommended it if it weren't so frustrating."
,Recommended,458000,22641656,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SlasherTheMod,"A great game to play. At first I didn't think I would make it far or be able to befriend some people. One thing I did notice though, more people means tougher survival, more ammo to be used up and more food. Though surprisngly food wasn't too much of a problem, just Health Items and Ammo.Despite the pixilated quality its a nice game to play. For sure I'm going to put more time into this and see if I can change many new things I ran into. Heck some events even made me feel guilty and sympathy for other characters. Overall, great game to play and this completely puts your skills to the test."
,Recommended,458000,22623684,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Augury,"Absolutely unreal. I have a newborn baby boy (5 days old, and single to boot) and this game was perfect for it. Every time I had to tender to him, I could jus quickly hit spacebar and pause the game. Plus, the story is awesome too (as you travel, you get text-encounters of what you come across which choices [kinda like old Fallout] and that helped too, but those decisions decide the game and just so far... been so awesome).I just died for the first time. When yah die, the game is over. But there's a really cool ""credit reel"" type ordeal that happens after you die. It's like your personal journal. Says what your character woulda wrote in a journal and it's nice to read even if you're upset/disappointed that you died.Game in general is just perfect, completely recommend it for others with kids. Love it. Finally I have a game to play when my newborn is asleep. Not that stressful either when yah already have a little one stressing you out at times... 10/10 can breast-feed while playing, too. ;) Hahaa. Little man jus started opening his eyes a little and he stared at it when he did and looked like he was in bliss watchin me play it.Thank you to the maker of this game."
,Not Recommended,458000,23840596,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JB4times4,"Loved the premise, hated the execution.This game is very repetitive. The map is huge, and there is very little variety to what you can do making the big map all the more of a pain."
,Not Recommended,458000,22978490,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Weeddrunken,"4/10""Very Poor Fighting Mechanics.""March of the living is a rogue-like 2D survival adventure. It has lots of potential but the fighting mechanics are a katastrophe and there's no joy for me. I playedShelteredandCurious Expeditionbefore, and i just have to say this game didn't meet my expectations.Pros:+ good atmosphere+ good pixel graphics+ okay sounds+ has potential, but...Cons:- very very poor fighting mechanics in total(walk/click away - shoot and repeat, managing others)Maybe on sale, but not for the full price - big THX to steam refund!"
76561198053218076,Recommended,458000,22538632,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,segawave,"*Update*Ok, looking beyond the difficulty of this game, i'd like to give it a better review. I honestly had a lot of fun playing MotL. I personally havent played a game like it, so it was quite a refreshing experience. The amount of strategy required to view all the different story events makes you rethink whether or not you need that extra shotgun or bandage, but its worth it to see new situations unfold from risky decision making. Bartering has a sense of realism to it, by which i mean there is no endless supply of items to choose from, and the selection is different everytime. Inventory is sparce as well, which makes grouping with fellow survivors a grave necessity. The visuals, although simple, are actually pretty well layered, and pleasing to the eyes. Gameplay and combat are very simple to understand, but at the same time can require planning and quick action to make it out with your group intact and unscathed. After looking back on MotL, i'd definitely recommend digging into your steam wallet for a worthy purchase like this."
76561197982848469,Recommended,458000,22541301,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Kapteiten,"Its alright, I regret buying it though, even if it had 10% off, the decisions are very lacking, I found a boy in a car, but the door was locked and he would not come out (Since there is nothing to do you move on). Nothing to do! I just left a boy in a car in the middle of the apocalypse! I have an axe! Why would I not just smash the window and grab the boy?Anywhoooo... Thats the decision system in a nutshell, few choices and very little 'Im just going to shoot these people in the head' options.The combat is.... Well... There is combat.... That all I want to say about that.Wait... No infact there is one thing that really bothered me.If you press the giant 'Flee' Button on the top of the screen by mistake then there is no undo button.Due to the poor choice options the game is VERY luck based.It is somewhat fun that the variety of encounters is decent sized, you will have many different encounters in new games, so the game itself is not too repetitive.I cant say i've finished the game and I do not think I am going to either, the game is alittle fun but it takes too long and there is no forward button.All in all, I would give this game 30 out of a 100.Good potential, but overall it is very lacking.So, I have not finished the game, and so I wont give it a thumbs down.If however you are like me and cant take the endless walking of this game and the few choices then dont buy it.If you are a patient person who can live with the limited choices your characters have in this game then you should probably buy it."
76561198298007956,Recommended,458000,22554264,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,avergara1995,"I really like this game. When I started playing I thought it was hard but after getting used to the controls and everything, I started to enjoy it. There are some issues in the game but overall for me the game is pretty solid. :))"
76561198053357749,Recommended,458000,22554815,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,umbertone6,"First of all: as all the game in this world, you have to familiarise a little with the structure and the game itself, so you should definitely spend that 5 minutes to understand the way actions and commands work.The fact that is a 2d game does not mean that it has to be easy to play and win, you have to be patient and decision-wise. Don't get confused by its appearance, really.The game is pretty interesting because it's player decisions-oriented. This means that all the actions you take in the game may lead you to different paths, IMHO this is actually the real funny and entertaining part because it's almost all I need from a surivavl horror game.Moreover, the game is really fast and it runs very smoothly. If you are looking for a FPS of course this is not what you get, but if you look for something more introspective and psychologic related I would definitely suggest you to play March of the Living, I don't think you'll regret it.I cannot say anything because of spoiler, but when I play I always struggle to make a decision as I am torn between what should I do and what I would really do in that specific circumstances.I didn't play a lot since I bought it just yesteday, but I will definitely spend more time on this."
76561198161304687,Recommended,458000,22546106,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jerkington,This is a super fun game! Higly reccomend. There's a different thing that happens at every place you go. makes me wanna visit every single dot on the map
76561197994573748,Not Recommended,458000,22753215,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Gen-,"The Game is a RNG Type Zombie Game, it takes Elements from FTL, it has a walking dead type feel to the game, but in 8 bit form.The story line bring you depth in the game, you get to choose from different characters, but need to beat the story line for the first character Greg.Pros: Story ,Character development,SoundCons: Contorl is buggy. RnG can be frustrating at times.Random Events are really incoherent.If your main character dies and you have a group you start over,  Game is way to punishing.you will rage when you lose your character after 4 hours of development.Link to March of the Living Complete Walkthrough.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlbjqAx4ZoI"
76561198047024924,Recommended,458000,22549941,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Aqualation,"Loads of fun i have not had since FTL and Convoy !This one has got too be the hardest of all 3 in my Op,Map is bigger then FTL and all hell can break loose in seconds lol.Also when you get a team going  make sure to not put them all to sleep at least keep 1 on watch -_- Duhjust lost every one to a horde that non heard comeing .Worth every penny folks This ones a keeper !"
76561198299401277,Recommended,458000,22554782,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,estirona,"Some people are saying that the game is hard. No it isn't. People just need to watch a video review made by others before playing the game. It's very simple. I would guess the ""hard"" part is the dying and starting all over gain but isn't that what a survival rpg game is? Yopu only get one life and you need to make some hard decisions. Too many people are getting used to god mode and cheating.Try not to get to the end too soon. Buid up experiences by going to a few more of the nodes before moving on.Goo luck."
,Recommended,458000,22559093,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,SkepticalZack,"I love these sorts of games. Simple yet entertaining. Some folks complain that it is too hard, why would you want it too easy? The developers are working on an easy mode though."
,Recommended,458000,22559731,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tatsuya,"Don't let the bad reviews Fool you, this game has a good concept, the events are pretty nice and with some commence sense about survival you can make it pretty far, people complaining its too hard, probably the same people who say Darksouls is impossible to beat. the only thing i wish to see is maybe some Small towns inbetween the cities, a place to scavenge that isnt considered as "" Dangerous "" as the cities. all in all i rate it 8/10, good execution, good concept, and i look forward to the improvements !!"
,Recommended,458000,22556728,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,uıbbǝɹ buıʞ,"The combat system was a little hard to understand at first, but overall it's a good game that I can recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,458000,22545168,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ThatBloodyTommo,"If you are into this Genre (Strategy, Zombies, Rogue-Like, Basically like FTL) then you might enjoy this game."
76561198118581085,Recommended,458000,22557494,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,fergg,"I  was sceptacle at first  the game being a pixel game, but   it has a great story line.and  i really enjoy  the options .of adventure..it is clear that this game   has  a well thought out  fondation and can take on many  directions.   I like thae platform as it leaves room to expand in the type of game play i enjoy. looting  [scavaging ]  and never know who you can trust or not..  and always expect the unexpeceted..good job.. now keep it coming.. fergg aka mrs floyd"
76561198018130939,Not Recommended,458000,22571845,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,dvalmont,"Everyone seems to compare this to FTL but I just don't see it.  There's an overhead map type thing where you go point to point kinda like FTL but that's about it.  Combat is pretty bad.  Graphics are decent at best, same repetitive landscapes, zombies, etc.  ""Quests"", decision-making, etc all somewhat random, nothing special.  Disappointing."
,Recommended,458000,22607338,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Dronzin,"This is a pretty nice game!I'm doing a Lets Play of ithere. (Also kind of a first impression.)ProsI like the strategy to the game, the differences between the guns are nice as well.The dialogue and story are nice. I laughed at the medieval knight event.ConsIt doesn't seem very interactive. I wish there was a little bit more to do while playing. Feels more or less like I'm watching a game.The UI feels clunky to me, and not very smooth or streamlined.Melee is just awful. xDFrom the looks of it, the developer(s) seem to be working on some changes, so I'll probably update this review to reflect that.Despite what cons I have listed, I would still recommend the game for $13-15 dollars just for its size and content. However much of the content is just dialogue and writing. So if you aren't a reader, then you might want to stay away."
76561197989952481,Recommended,458000,22572690,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Cups,"This review will not be helpful.Its really too bad there does not seem to be a demo so people can try this before they buy it.I like this game a lot.  The obvious game-play links to FTL are a pro (to me).If you liked FTL, check it out when its on sale, otherwise you may be a bit disappointed when paying the full $15 (which I think it is actually worth, but I don't want to stear you wrong)."
,Recommended,458000,22564499,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Glaxo,"I like the game, but the controls are hard i'm not use to this type of combat in zombie games9/10"
,Not Recommended,458000,22597538,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,VG Purist,"March of the Living has a lot of good potential. Though not a bad game by any means, it needs a lot more polish and more fluff.  Perhaps after some more time this game will become good but at this time I am giving this is a cautious recommendation.Though there are many negatives to this game, I feel like they can all be easily fixed or done differently.Only 4 starting characters - 3 of which needs to be unlocked.  The problem with this becomes replayability.  Why is there so little choices in a game that is meant to be played over and over again.The map is just a bunch of dots and points.  I'm not sure why there is no topography or anything that makes you feel like there is a world.  Traveling from one point to another almost just feels like an means to an end (which it is) however it doesn't feel very fun.  Why didn't they just make it a big city or something and have it to where we are traveling street to street or something?Inventory management.  I'm not sure why you can only hold 6 items but I can carry a lot of different types of bullets.  After a while the ammo themselves are currency which I'm not sure if that was a design decision or not but that does mean that you would try not to equip one of the 3 types of guns so that you can always have some ""money"" to spend. Which in turn limits the variety to weapon selections.Not enough background story immersion.  Characters jump in and out of your lineup and there is no sense of who they are after meeting up with them.  Other than your main character's story, there is no real connection to any new characters picked up whatsoever. No new dialogues (that I have encountered) at all. They just become viewed as ""meat shields"" and ""mules"" which allows you to carry more items which may be useful later on.Foraging in cities becomes too vital.  Since trading is very few and far in between, foraging in cities becomes an absolute must.  In fact it is recommended to try to visit every city on each zone before getting to the end of the questline.  I truly believe that they should have spread this out over the map.  I'm not sure why in the city you get all 5 of the same zones to try to forage through.  Why not put the police station at one point and then a grocery store in the next map point instead?  That way there would be a better sense of progression.The combat though isn't horrible, isn't very spectacular either.  It truthfully boils down to kiting zombies and shooting any humans shooting at you.  However having the ability to choose between 2 different shots is nice but without enough weapon variations, the combat does become mundane after a while.Here's a video of my gameplay review:https://youtu.be/fNuBUD11QV0The best thing about this game is that the gameplay feels very unique and different from all of the rest of the games I have tried.  Being that it was inspired by FTL, it does a fairly good job of recreating the fun that we all had from that game.  Given time, I'm hoping that I will be able to change this negative recommendation to a good one as this more or less ranks in the midway point (5/10)."
76561198032156366,Recommended,458000,22632367,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,gparadox4,"I enjoy the core game, it's challenging and engaging and the writing is solid. Nice pixel graphics and a real sense of atmosphere. My main problem is with the combat. Frankly it's unenjoyable. It might be part of the game's design to make the player dread the combat scenes but they feel unrewarding and clunky to play. I began to dread watching the 'flee' animation where my guy saunters off in a bizarre casual zig-zag stroll while his life is supposedly being threatened by a horde of zombies. Why can't he run or at least walk a little more briskly? I would say there's the bones of an excellent game here with some work needing to be done around the depth and variety of content and the combat mechanics."
,Recommended,458000,25702672,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Survivalist07,not so good in general.because u re repeating all the actions again and again.BUT rondom events make this game just wow...highly recomended
76561198038595188,Recommended,458000,22542968,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SN1P3R117852,"Great game.The rarity of ammo really makes the enemy encounters more intense, especially when the option to flee can make you lose items."
76561198008896498,Recommended,458000,22544018,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,PWN,Wow it is fun. So far It is challanging but rewarding. Worth the buy!
76561198300067451,Recommended,458000,22568133,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,RawheadRex,I've played this game for a couple of hours already and found the gameplay to be very addictive and fun!  The action was pretty intense and I can see how playing for much longer would only make the experience more engaging and challenging.  The graphics are frankly a refreshing change from the 'state of the art' games that are coming out now.  It's somewhat nostalgic feel drew me in more than many games that I've played in recent years.  I am excited to continue getting deeper into MOTL.
76561198071047399,Recommended,458000,22586390,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Blood Dried King,"sincerely i liked the game, it's quite interesting the situations you're caught, but since i only have two survivors and still think how hard to manage them to stay alive, the whole situation of the shop at nowhere specific on the map, acctually I wanna know how this ends cause I didn't make it yet..."
76561198096727949,Recommended,458000,22595018,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,db330,"Hard game, lots of gameplay"
76561198181254803,Recommended,458000,22639645,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,.exe,"Interesting game that, in my opinion, has lot of potential. I like the fact that different decisions you make brings different scenarios and outcome. Can be, at some point, challenging and even difficult. Also lots of interactions that keeps the game more enjoyable.In all honesty, my first thoughts of this game by having watched videos of it were negative. Playing it made me change my mind.-SirTazz"
,Recommended,458000,31659747,Posted: 9 May,all,Gropiemon,The best zombie game to play while at work ever.
,Recommended,458000,22635817,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Garp,"I like zombie games, this game has delivered with its unique combat style and story. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,458000,27524935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HowdyFellowKidz,The game is good but it does get repitive. I would buy it during a sale. fun can run out rather quickly
76561198119252120,Recommended,458000,22562950,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Nick Compton,"10/10, would throw soap balloons at people again."
,Recommended,458000,22572391,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,cartoon460,"I thought this game was boring when seeing my brother playing but after I started playing, it was fun. Yeah it is hard but that is what makes it fun and challenging."
76561198106452222,Not Recommended,458000,22597415,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mia.beltran97,"I have tried various strategies for surving in this game but no matter what approach I take, I can never get further than the third sector. I visit every city possible and don't take uneccesary risks but at the end of the day it is all up to RNG and the RNG in this game will slap you in the face over and over and over and over. I get that rougelikes are supposed to be hard and  I have no problem with that. I likea challenge just as  much as  the next guy but I shouldstill feel  like  I am ableto actually beat the game. In FTL, I knew when things were  goingw rongit was because I messed up somewhere. In this game, that is not true. When things go wrong it isn't because I messed  up,  it's because I  get attacked by zombies every five seconds and never get back the resources I have to waste fighting  them.Don't get me  wrong, this game  can be fun  but I just feel like I am constantly being screwed over time and time again. I don't  feel like i can beat this game  and I've already had quite a  few runs, 75%  of them  go  to  crap within the  first couple  of  minutes  because I keep  getting  attacked by hordes of 4-5 zombies every time I want to travel.I  will continue to play this game  but  I think there needs to be some balancing done before I would reccomend the  game to anyone."
76561198297822056,Recommended,458000,22538074,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Elkenstein,Good game this is....
,Recommended,458000,22538530,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,odiie,"Creaky Corpse definitely had a hand in this, died to Crows for my first death.  Damn you Admin.Overall I actually enjoy the game even if it's difficult at first.  I never played FTL but did enjoy Orgain Trail quite a bit which was the reason I wanted to play this.  The events can be frustrating as there seems to be no clear way to win, just guess and hope you don't pay for it.  The only real issue I have is the price (though there seems to be quite a bit in the game) so we'll see after I put some hours into it.EDIT:  I feel like I should mention this is ""odinaden"" in DF."
76561198145745438,Recommended,458000,22540957,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,VincentBigBoom,FUN GAME!  Just like a Hardish FTL BUT I LOVE BEST 13 Bucks Ever Spent!
,Recommended,458000,22554707,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Dauen,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARwjwgrAeSQIt's pretty much a much improved version of ""The Oregon Trail"" with zombies. Only took us 40 years to get it. Nothing else I really wanna add to the things the devs did right, it's a really fun game. Setting reminds me of Walking Dead, the music reminds me of The Last of Us.My only complaint is the lack of a ""continue"" option. When you die, you die. I personally hate pouring an hour into one life just to die suddenly from *reason x* then have to start over. For those who want the bragging rights of beating a hard game, good for you. Everyone else who just wants to finish the game, good for you too, but unless this is added, I'm capped out at 6 hours and will probably uninstall.Those 6 hours were worth my $13.49."
76561198300562599,Recommended,458000,22656141,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Redtarded,"Pretty nice game! I loved!Maybe a translate it to spanish would be a great idea, because there are a lot of latins playing this game.Its a bit difficult attack the zombies and still moving, but its a great game, it worth it."
,Recommended,458000,22594106,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"I'm writing this review after my first playthrough. And by playthrough I mean my first run.The game plays just like the description says, FTL style. You choose a location dot on a connect-the-dots style map and attempt to travel to that location. The physical walk between each destination point presents the oppurtunity for combat. The arrival at said point triggers a text based random event. I enjoyed each and every one of these events and many of them had me questioning if I had made the right choices, which is great in terms of replay value.You're starting character does have a story behind them with a simple quest to get to a certain point on the map. So you don't feel like you are aimlessly moving east. There were other characters available to start the journey, but they were locked. I would imagine they, too, have there own agendas. People will join your party during your travels through various means, which is how your party expands. Your choices in certain events will sometimes result in addtional party members. So you'll want read carefully and think about your choices.Along your journey you will have to manage fatigue, hunger and of course HP for all of your party members. You eliminate fatigue by resting. Setting up camp in an unsafe location presents risks. You can assign one survivor as watchman while the others sleep, but that survivor won't get any shut eye. Hunger is remedied by food rations and HP is regained by various medical components such health kits, bandages, various drugs, etc. Also, ammo is not plentiful in this world. Knowing when to use your guns adds another layer of strategy to combat. Resource management is an integral part of March of the Living, so sacrifices will be made constantly.Certain points on the map are cities (marked with a special icon), which present awesome oppurtunities for good loot, but not without risk. Cities have their own meta game structures for scavenging and resting. Other points offer a place to barter, where you will have to make some tough decisions on what you can get rid of in exchange for what you desperately need. Every item in the game has a CR value and bartering is based on that. Barter locations also offer sanctuary for sleep without worrying about getting your face chewed off.You will encounter numerous types of post apacolyptic survivors, which I don't care to spoil as they are quite entertaining to come across for the first time. Some will make you laugh. Others will make you think your journey is about to come to an end. They may even request a particular item you may have been lucky enough to come across in your travels and decided to keep. In all of these events my decisions felt like they played a major role in leading to the outcome.Combat is your standard FTL stuff complete with pause for when you need a moment to figure out how in the ♥♥♥♥ you're going to get yourself out of the situation at hand.Graphically, you get what you see on the store page. Pixel graphics junkies will appreciate the visuals. The audio is great as well and helps to set the game worlds mood and tone. Not to mention, the UI is clean, simple and intuitive. You shouldn't have any issues learning to navigate it and manage inventory within minutes.All and all, I thouroughly enjoy playing this game and plan on diving back into it from time to time. I lasted seven days on my first run (Oh, the irony!) A small group of walkers proved to much for my party of two, who had run out of ammo and did not posess any particular skills in melee combat. The end of your journey is treated with an end-of-the-movie-credits style presentation. But instead of reading credits, you will see short summaries for each of your days events, ultimately leading to your final day. I found this recap to be a nice finishing touch.This short journey gave me over an hour of gameplay and I still had an entire sector plus one more to get through. So the asking price is fair.TDLRFTL + Oregon Trail + The Walking Dead = March of The LivingHIGHLY RECOMMENDED for those into these types of games and love all things zombies."
76561198032287404,Not Recommended,458000,22544857,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,NathanEx420,"Game is Fun, combat is horrible, and turns the whole thing into a slog that just isn't very fun.Update: It appears that things are being worked on, I'll update this if and when the game gets finished I guess...."
,Recommended,458000,22538895,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"First off yes it is similar to FTL but its nice. The art is well done, the sounds are good. If you were a fan of FTL you would like this game for only 15$ its worth it. Can watch my video if you want to see a bit more of the game, I don't spoil anything. :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YKkgP98-hU"
76561197971877162,Recommended,458000,22535218,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"March of the LIving is a very engaging game.  The combat is by far the most difficult part.  I actually found my first playthrough MUCH easier then subsequent ones due to the combat and having multiple survivors.  My first playthrough had the initial survivor, and it was good.  The next few were a different story.  I picked up a few survivors and tried the combat out with 3 active participants....and let me tell you, it was difficult.  Having to micro manage every survivor every 1-2 seconds to tell them to move is a pain.  The zombies will immediatly try to grapple you once in melee and having 3 survivors is an excercise in tedium.  You have to tell each one what to do when this happens so it is VERY stressful.I don't think this game is worth $15 and that is why I'm just barely recommending it.  The story is decent but after a few playthrough's you begin to see the same story arc's at each nav point.  The music is also very good and adds to the ominous atmosphere of the world.  If the graphics weren't pixels I'd definatly say this is worth the $15.  If you were a hardcore FTL fan then pick this up.  Just be prepared to hate the melee combat mechanics when using more than 1 person."
76561198051427889,Recommended,458000,22550529,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Half,Very enjoyable game and fairly priced. I thoroughly enjoyed my first few play throughs and with different decisions to make along your journey the outcome can be entirely different each time. Scavenging is fun as you have the option for a brief search with less chance of zombie interaction or a full blown search with far greater rewards and far greater chance of death. All in all would recommend to any fan of zombie survival genre of games.If you liked this game you should also check outwww.deadfrontier.coma F2P zombie survival MMO
76561198042372544,Recommended,458000,22554190,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[82DK] Astrifer,"Survival zombie-themed horror game meets ""choose your own adventure"" mashup. There was a lot of trial and error for me with a steep learning curve. Here's a few tips of mine to survive:1) explore all the points in the first map2) once you have enough men/ammo, always choose to explore for 1 hour rather than 20 minutes for the best items.3) don't flag down cars/motorcycles unless you are well prepared to get run over or shot at"
,Recommended,458000,25834492,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,twitch.tv/pixelagony,Played 3 hours+ on the same run.Tragic ending.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CM0yKcbbiQWould do it again.10/10
,Recommended,458000,22547539,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Alexander,"In short,I'm glad that devs put nearly 99% effort into intriguing stories.but without it, what else is left?"
,Recommended,458000,22554152,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Al B Damned,"Ok so I have now played a good couple of hours on MoTL and Figured I needed to elaborate more in my review so I'm re-doing it.Most of it's functions are used on your mouse so it's not got a load of controls to get you flustered. It's an easy to learn and challenging game with multiple outcomes and ways to get through it based on the choices you make. It can be difficult to get into at the beginning but would like to share a few things to help you out a little more when you start off, as not to be completely screwed.1st, try to use your hammer to start off with, this will save your ammo till you need it and help you grasp the fighting a little better (You can press space bar to pause to plan your moves) I find it best to attack one and run back after your first hit before going in for a second.2nd, rather than making it your goal to get to the quests as quickly as you can, try to hit as many areas on the map as you can on your way to the quests, each stop you get a text box come up and sometimes these can help you get supplies.3rd, DO NOT FLEE. Try and kill every zombie that comes for you using the method above, if you flee, you risk chance of loosing something you may need later on.4th, If someone wants to come with you, allow them. You can use these to either help you fight zombies, or you can use them as a distraction so they get eaten whilst you pick off the zombies.Lastly, when you're scavenging, always hit the 60 minute search, If you're heard by the Rotters and you kill them off, you can still potentially find items.Doing this I've managed to get as far as Day 13, through to the second map area. Getting out of the Grapple is a bit difficult at times, but other than that, you should be good.Hope this helps you to enjoy the game and progress a little Further :)"
,Recommended,458000,22556593,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tomtompro,"Someone said to me that people find this game too hard. (Really? C'mon)I really like hard games and i'm usually pretty good at them, so i had to check it out for myself and see.I explored about 40% on the first zone and found a good amount of food and ammo, even a SURVIVOR to join my elite squad! Her name was Sarah and i didn't know it was her rabbit i was eating (That's how we met). Explored a few cities and whatnot , alot of the random encounters are pretty funny actually and sometimes just .. random and i guess it's better for other characters later in the game (Talking about the traits that you need to help certain npc to fix something)All in all i find the game not that ""hard"" and quite enjoyable, and also a great potential if this game continues to have updates. Sandbox mode could be a thing.If you're a fan of FTL but more into zombies, if you like to eat drink♥♥♥♥♥♥and **** pixels then this game is for you.Art Style i give it out a 8/10Storyline so far 7/10Gameplay 8/10If 1 was easy and 10 is hard then i'd say 6/10Verdict : Pick this bad boy up and test it out for a spin, you might enjoy the ride.  8/10"
,Recommended,458000,22629017,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Yabizar,"good single player game, nice that you can pause it during gameplay.  I was on a plane for 13 hours and when I did play it, everything seemed fine.  Not many bugs/glitches and its similar to the old school Oregon Trail, the random events are pretty slick as well.  I still have alot to learn about the game, but I will definatly come back to play it again!"
,Recommended,458000,22541458,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Random_Peon,"I hate you ""Growls"" mother♥♥♥♥ing bar.10/10 would growl again"
,Recommended,458000,22541312,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Freddy Rush,pretty good and unforgiving
76561198005002909,Recommended,458000,23846825,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,daleinen,Just about exactly what you'd expect from watching the trailer. The UI could definitely use some tightening but otherwise it's a well put together game.The gameplay balancing so far is tough but engaging and fun. The SFX are great. The visuals that aren't the UI are well done. The soundtrack is nice but the battle song gets super repedative.Hopefully the developer sticks with updating the game because it has the same great emergent gameplay as FTL.
,Recommended,458000,22805201,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,BeaverBites,"Ah that final stretch...Infected...All I had was my son myself and my machete...The woman I sent to scout the place hadn't come in 6 hours, wasn't likely she'd be back in my eyes so I pressed forward. I fire the last two shots in my semi auto pistol killing one zombie,I then have my son run around while I pick off the zombies chasing him for 5 minutes because that's how it is without guns but after a while they all fall...Then some more approach and I realize i'd rather experience the amazing road to this point again rather than run in circles for 15 minutes and threw myself into the horde. Good night!!!"
76561198024468796,Recommended,458000,22708337,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Babby Legs,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKMoAeq7pBgMy Video review of this game. A great title for any fans of FTL and organ trail. From gameplay to enviorment this game captures the struggle of the zombie apocalypse. A MUST HAVE FOR ANY ZOMBIE LOVER YOU WONT BE DISAPOINTED.
76561198299782163,Recommended,458000,22602710,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Percival Reaper,"So, At first I was skepticle of this game. And sure, It's not what I'm used to. I normally play games that are fast paced, like Grand Theif Auto 5, or Black Ops 2. ( Sorry, but BO2 Is a decent CoD imho.) Anyway, I was introduced to the Butteryfly Effect through a playthrough of Until Dawn on youtube, And I liked the concept ever since, because if you think about it, the Butterfly effect actually resembles real life. Whatever option you make, has a positive and negative reaction, and will change the outcome of events. Whatever you do in this game will effect what happens later on. I like this in the game, and I would recommend it for anyone who likes Slower paced games. It took me a few tries to actually get used to what I'm doing, but after a while, you get used to it."
,Recommended,458000,22601553,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JamesFish21,A fun zombie game. It has an interesting choose your own path story going for it as well. Damn hard game though. Wish you luck with this one.
76561198019689141,Recommended,458000,22604372,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,qtRaven,A very refreshing change from the traditional run and gun zombie games. March of the Living captures the feel of a zombie apocalypse with every decision you make having consequences. Combat is challenging and the dead aren't your only threat. Definetly worth the buy.
,Recommended,458000,22607659,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Soul,"To give you a rough idea how the game is like, I'm comparing this to FTL in some aspects.The good parts:+ MTL has roughly as much content as the original FTL. (events, quests)+ Traveling the map requires about the same strategy as FTL. Instead of fuel, you need food since you will be travelling on foot and after a while you will need to rest.+ Choices. Just like in FTL, You can choose to be a nice guy or a selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Also, having certain items may give you more choices to a situation. And there can be different outcomes for the same choice you make in different run which boosts replayability.+ Map is generated for each run. As you travel further, the game gets more difficult.+ Characters are unique and have different abilities. For each starting character, you get a unique quest line.+ Each weapons are very different.Pistols are quick but inaccurate. Rifles are a bit slow and useless close combat but very accurate. Shotguns rarely instant kill but are great for crowd control.+ Infection. If one of your guys got bitten, they will gradually lose HP. This gives you a layer of strategy as you need to constantly find medicine for them.The bad parts:- Combat is nowhere near as deep as FTL and suffers from micromanagement.- Travelling in early parts can be exploitable as you don't need to run from the rebel fleets. The only restriction here is food.- The game make decisions for you in some events.- 4 starting characters seem a bit too few.- The last battle is a bit too difficult. Mostly result from micromanagement.- The game has few choices to deal with some problems. In FTL, if I'm short on crews, I can hire them from a store. In this game, if I'm short on companions, I'm ♥♥♥♥ed.- No character progression. Well, actually there is but only in a certain event.Conclusion:If you expect this to be FTL: zombie version, you'll be disappointed but this game is not a bad game and has great potential and the devs are listening. I'm only recommending this game to those with 15$ to spare and have nowhere else to spend. If you don't, you can check this game out later once the problems I mentioned get addressed which they probably will ;)"
76561198109739024,Recommended,458000,22602318,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SargentoMartin,"This game is amazing just needs a save point so that you dont have to start. Other than that, its amazing"
,Recommended,458000,25230302,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,multigamer2828,"i would recommend the game, its fun and it can imerse you for hours although it does have its up and downs when playing, the good side is how many different choices and endings there are in the game with nearly every choice matters, the down to the game would be how i spent about 8 hours the first time i played it just to die from a wrong move in a disicion, i feel like in the game there should be choices where your suvivors actually matter, i wont spoil it but i made a wrong move and i died with like 3-5 teamates/survivors and they didnt stop the fight or anything witch resulted in me dying and keep in mind that was when the difficulty wasnt in the game so back when you couldnt choose if you wanted it on hard or not, but yeah the game has its up and downs and its a very good game and i would recomend it to anyone that likes that type of game, but i feel like the devs of the game need to add more decisions and stuff or the game will get stale."
76561198068961262,Recommended,458000,22581376,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,sahil9550,"Downloaded this game for fun, I really enjoyed playing it.Pretty cool concept and the game is pretty difficult at first.Make sure to not sell your weapons or ammo to the traders (save them because they'll help you later on).Also, be careful not to venture too off in the city without adequate supplies and ammo. It gets pretty tough the further you go.-resistance135"
76561198299476483,Recommended,458000,22567372,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TrueRunner85,"I don't understand all the complaints about this game being too difficult, albeit I haven't gotten very far in the story yet. Does everybody want to spend their money on a breezy walkthrough forget-about-in-a-week game? I don't think I'm in the minority here when I say that I want a challenge that will take me a while to chew through. Easy is lame, people! Also, if it's too hard to manage a large party in live combat, PAUSE, select an action for each character, UNPAUSE, and PAUSE again if you need to adjust (you will), RINSE REPEAT.I think the game has an awesome flow - anxious periods of quiet punctuated by frantic action and all tied together with great writing. Well done!I'm looking forward to getting my @$$ handed to me! Thank you Dave!-WalterWhite"
,Recommended,458000,22585712,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,-ϻσиรтʓя->,;DDD i recommend you this game :3. only if you like zombies.
,Recommended,458000,22582673,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ZombieJesus,"Really enjoying not getting far, over and over...10/10Would die again."
76561198133828966,Recommended,458000,22584869,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,KrezerHack,"By far, one of the most diffucult game i've playe in last days.Is quite similar to This War of Mine, another Indle Title i've played.About the gameplay, is like and old school RPG, with casually generated encounters and a battle style based on % for almost everything.Last game i've played i've been killed by zed, cause i couldn't find ammos..."
76561198104078195,Recommended,458000,22586902,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Auctorati,Its a fun game once you learn how to manage your resources and kite.
76561198300731989,Recommended,458000,22700731,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,chucksaved,"Very much a strategy game. I like that the events are randomly generated AND are influenced by your choices at the same time.The graphics are ancient, but this game isn't about that. It's about trying to survive and reach your goal with absolutely bare bones minimum resources, almost all of which are found on your journey.My biggest problem is, if you die, you have to start all over again. I'd like to see a 'save' option at every major milestone. I say option because it should be your choice to start fresh or not."
76561198301805785,Recommended,458000,22711322,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,HeavySlap,An awesome little game so far. I love the decision making aspect of it.
76561198255950522,Recommended,458000,22713583,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,twoaone21,Good game nut having but issue with travel map
,Recommended,458000,22576810,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mandyvengeance,"Very confusing at first, but once you get the hang of it, it is enjoyable."
76561198001392536,Recommended,458000,22656743,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sean Ingram,"Nice basic art style. Reminds me a little of Lone Survivor. The story decisions I had to make frequently gave me pause, as there is always a chance of getting badly hurt no matter how innocuous the situation at first seems to be. The tactical fights started off small but in time can get rather pitched and frantic, and I don't even have a full party gathered yet. A good 2D game if you want some excitement in your combat. Only a couple hours in and I'm eager to see how the character tales progress."
76561198300506304,Recommended,458000,22663592,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Roblivion77,I like this game. This is 2nd game i will play. Thank you.
,Recommended,458000,22705094,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MonsterJoeShow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhZB8c8SzK4&feature=youtu.beGreat game here is a little game play showing off some of what you deal with and go through.
,Recommended,458000,22577868,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Krauser366,"Everything is cool, but in the momment when I'm playing, I can't see the game, I mean, where must be my character and everything, it's everything dark, I just can see the letters. I hope you can fix it! D:"
,Recommended,458000,22583093,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,✠ Borgir ✠,"Great game, nice time spended playing it, lots of tricky decidions. I recommend this game to everybody who likes realistic  survival horror."
76561198010264725,Recommended,458000,22569040,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,berserkfuryz,its quite confuse when i did play for first hour but it seem this game really awesome after few hours of play time..you can try if you want and for me its awesome
,Not Recommended,458000,22551156,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bogor Represent!,"This game has lot going for it. It has dark events, followed by lighthearted nonsense, two factions that are seemingly at war with eachother amidst the zeds, health, starvation and exhaustion, companions who turn on you each with their own talents, unexpected quests, three sprawling maps to explore, RNG and a difficulty-spike of cruel proportions on the very last stop before the finish where all your hopes and dreams will be crushed.Don't let the pixel-art fool you, this game is Organ Trail; Dark Souls edition. It will crush your soul.Kill to get ahead, scavenge to get ahead and betray to get ahead, while the world is trying to do the same to you, while you march to the east. Always to the east.The mechanics are simple, yet allow for great freedom during battles with the zeds. Resource-management is important too. All that matters is to survive the foot-march to salvation from the undead menace.I was very impressed with this game and enjoyed the way it all comes together and how much attention to detail that there is in this game.But if there's one thing that I call steercrap on, it is a sudden difficulty-spike that throws out all established rules, introduces a kind of zed not encountered before, that's faster than all other zeds and two-shots everybody in your party if you're even lucky enough to have a party, right before the game would be won.I still enjoy the game and I don't regret my purchase and will surely play again, but because of this developer FU to the player I don't recommend this game unless you can get it for extremely cheap. It's high quality pixelart game otherwise, with great mechanics and good replayability. YMMV, but buy only if you enjoy getting stuffed after a two hour session of close calls in view of a friendly harbor."
,Not Recommended,458000,22597203,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Roc,"Its NOT FTL. Its a cheap immitation. Its especially frustrating when you realize all the random events have a scripted outcome with a ""correct answer."" The ending is criminal in this respect when you have to go through a series of ""choose the right answer,"" which is essentially a guessing game that is statistically unlikely to beat. So you just spent 2 hours finally making it to the end? Well ♥♥♥♥ you, roll some dice, or have the correct pattern memorized from previous failures or die... No reward for you. Its incredibly cheap and it leaves you feeling cheated. Shame on you game.To further convince you this game isn't worth your money. Look at a friend with both this game and FTL. Compare the hours played. Even look at those with Positive reviews of this game. What's the average? 2 hours? Almost none with more than 10. This game HAS potientially 100s of hours of gameplay in it, but no one seems to bother. FTL also has hundreds of hours in it, and a lot of people seem to take advantage of that."
76561197963633005,Not Recommended,458000,22873841,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Krellium,"Combat is way too shallow, I don't get the good reviews for this game."
,Recommended,458000,22538282,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,RX-W3eD,"Great game, Fun and enjoyable made it to day 15 before♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan."
,Recommended,458000,22542224,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Squib,"This is myFIRST IMPRESSIONreview of March of the Living.Upon hearing that there was a game like FTL with a zombie survival spin, I was curious to see what it was like. So I thought I'd feature it in my 'Check It Out!' series on YouTube where I... Well... Check out games.You can watch the video here.Maybe it is unfair to compare this game to the hugely sucessful FTL, but what I experienced was a game none too disimilar from it. Saying this, however, instantly I couldn't feel the same connection to the characters in this game as I would've preferred to have created my own character. But I do see that the set characters follow the story lines that develop as you play the game, so it makes sense.I can see this game being very enjoyable to a lot of people, but for me, I found myself wanting more. Again, comparing with FTL, there doesn't feel like there's much on the line here. I was trying to make a character survive that I wasn't really invested in; which for me is a flaw in the survival aspect from the starting point.When I picked up FTL I couldn't put the game down, I quickly found that 4 hours had passed by and I had encountered many runs. With this game I was constantly wanting more, wondering when I'd be hooked, but it never came. Hence why I decided to stop playing after 30 minutes.Should I have given it more time? Maybe. Did I feel engaged enough to give it more time? No.Despite these negative aspects for me. I can see the potential in this game. There are a lot of possible scenarios to explore and the map directions are vast. Perhaps it takes more time to become fully immersed with your character, and if you begin to feel that, I can see this game being very addictive. I wanted to find out what happened, but I simply wasnt invested enough in my character to help them survive along the way.Not for me, but I would recommend you try it out for yourself!6/10"
76561198054560320,Recommended,458000,22553540,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Amma,"I really love the story line of the game it's a lot of fun. I will be putting more time into the game when I can. I recommend it for everyone if you love zombies you should love this game.The only negative things I have for the gaem are ""there is no tutorial on how to equip weapons and use them"" I was eaten multiple times before I figured it out. The ""hunger"" ""sleep"" needs a bit of a nerf I starved to death 3 times in a very short period of time.But YES buy the game play it, it's fun!!"
,Recommended,458000,25933894,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Krydoza,Very fun game.  One of my favorite zombie and rouge-like games.
76561198000066674,Recommended,458000,22620777,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,sleesh,"At first glance of preview, i had little hope that i would enjoy it, as the controls and combat looked over difficult, and at first it was, odd, too say the least.  however it is very easy to become engulfed in the game and  has a great story."
76561198301166961,Recommended,458000,22641376,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,hypegod139,This game was very interesting to me like the game play was cool and exciting in a way and the music is awesome only thing i don't like is the controls its a bit tricky to figure out  but other than that the game is awesome i prefer buying this game  and level up and have fun.
76561198067691210,Not Recommended,458000,24115814,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sir Master BitchesMcGee the 7th,"I personally don't reccomend the game as you can probably see. I think it is a decent game and all but the main problem of this game is expectation. I know that's a personal thing but expectations are still everything for better or worse. Unfortunatly this game had to compare itself to the giant that is FTL and I don't think that helped it as much as the developers hoped it would have. I feel like if they didn't mention it to be inspired by FTL then I probably would have liked it more. In the end I say ""cheat the system"" a little. Buy and try it and if it is your cup of tea keep it, but if you are sitting on the fence about it and don't wanna deal with refunds I say hold out until it gets to be a little cheaper,"
76561198282031550,Recommended,458000,22540480,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Moas,"Being a freshly new game of course it will have a few bugs, but they're not major. Also besides being a point, and click based game i liked it a lot. The story is great, the features are awesome, dialogues could've been audio, but it's sticking to that retro feeling. Has that walking dead gameplay where your choices influence the storyline which is a big thing for me. Other than needing some online co-op i would give this 9/10. ""Great jobs"""
76561198006485113,Recommended,458000,22540014,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,dlrowlands,"March of the Living:Basically, Faster Than Zombies..."
76561198040542032,Recommended,458000,22541488,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mexican Jumping Bean,"Good game, it may be pixelated style but it is really fun. It is a click to point game etc.. and your choices effect the outcome of the story, mechanics are a little weird getting used ot but not bad at all"
76561198213462956,Recommended,458000,22601910,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,I Hate Yo Face,i want free DF credits so its super awesome totally dig it free creds Neil
76561197970998492,Not Recommended,458000,23297199,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,windfollower,"I'll likely try this again in a few months, but although I was a big fan of FTL, and I love lots of games involving surviving the zombie apolcalypse (I love Project Zomboid and 7 Days to Die, among several others), this one just felt more like a chore than anything else."
76561198044907348,Recommended,458000,32595037,Posted: 20 June,all,Mike Fluff,Left appartment to look for ex wife.Find ex wife appartment.Crazy man inside her appartment.Got shotgunned in the head.Dead.Retry.
76561197977909085,Recommended,458000,22805922,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kotoll,It's got potential. Wouldn't call it a must buy but it is like FTL.
,Recommended,458000,22635800,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ferdinand Magellan,Add wraith cannon as lootable weapon plzGame needs some polishing (espcially the combat).Ammo not too scarce. Melee could use more work.
,Recommended,458000,22665928,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kolwalski,The Game looks pretty good on youtube i just bought it and i cant see nothing on my screen ( Black Screen)  idk why i try fixing my brightness on my computer and it was still black but i will still say this game is pretty good to play when ur bored ......
76561198300659458,Recommended,458000,22686682,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Datsikk,"Just downloaded this game recommend by the Admin of one of my favorite games to play on PC! I am yet to play it and can't wait to start playing it, love survival games I think I will enjoy this one. :)"
,Recommended,458000,22784878,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tomthebeast,"Day 1: I start my journey by playing Russian roulette... I died! I met one crazy preacher then a crazy guy with a magnum wanting me to play a game in a game (weird), and I die! I didn't meet a single zombie!But I will still play this game again!"
,Recommended,458000,22765762,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mortem,I don't really know.. It's very simple.. But very enjoyable.I say It's missing the feeling of depression and gameplay that I had in games like THis war of mine..  But still.I like all of it.. Except for the random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.. This is a roguelike like FTL.. But in FTL i still feel like i can control most things. Here you can randomly be put in to a conversation then before you get to pick a chance you lose HP without even chosing to go in to the conversation. Also allot of random items will help you in scenarios but the items are random and the scenarios are random and having the right item for the right scenario is just pure luck as the inventory system doesn't allow you to carry much..Still I like it for what it is.. Maybe you do to?
76561198098620443,Recommended,458000,22661201,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,杏の史郎,Pretty nice idea for a survival / zombie shooter. Really loved playing it even if i just played for a few hours. Hope we see more stuffs like this. Keep it up!
76561198064549852,Recommended,458000,22695927,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,I'm stuck on the Eastern Front,Really nice game.Except food is hard to find.
,Not Recommended,458000,32537124,Posted: 18 June,all,Leni,"didn't enjoy it. Very clumsy, not a lot of attention to detail and the mechanics feel odd and random. The story is bland and I didn't care at all about it.Wouldn't recomend to anyone, even if you love roguelikes."
76561198050091489,Not Recommended,458000,31692239,Posted: 11 May,all,Ford,"Don't reccommend, the game plays itself with all the random things that can happen and even when you play on easy its like you are playing on the hardest difficulty."
,Not Recommended,458000,22860618,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,qwerasdf1234,"What a buggy mess, feels like an alpha. If you come across an event and don't respond to it within a few seconds (for example when you go to the bathroom) the game becomes unresponsive and crashes shortly after. Horrible, how could this bug go unnoticed?!"
,Recommended,458000,22631538,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Les Battersby,"My latest ""end of game diary"" read:""Day OneI should have stayed at home""That is all.... I didn't do so well!It's an interesting game, other reviews say it all, so this is just to give the game a little more positive, which it deserves!"
,Recommended,458000,22552895,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Chicken Plucker,"It's a fun game.I like that it borrows from classic flash games before like Last Stand and Dead Frontier Outbreak along with other zombie games out there, its one of those games where choices have consequences and those consequences will lead to you clicking ""New Game"" over and over.What I don't like is that the combat mechanic tries too hard to nerf your character's survivability, it takes for a ""pistol expert"" to shoot a zombie 3 seconds even when its right in front of him, not only that but you have to command everyone in your group since they are incapable of thinking for themselves when there is a large scale fight.The choices aren't always realistic too, for example I ran into a nervous man with a shotgun that kindly asked me to back away or he will shoot me if I step forward, what were my two options?- Step Forward and get shot- Shoot himAnd obviously, not wanting to die, I end up being forced to make an arguably morally wrong decision just because of the limited options.Aesthetically, why is it that my character sleeps in the middle of the road in a ""dangerous area"" when there is an empty safe valley in the background? I get that this game is 2D but it breaks the immersion when I would never see anybody decide to sleep in the middle of the road during an apocalypse since its just bloody dangerous.Despite all my nitpicky problems with the game, in no way do I think its a bad game, the randomization of the map makes the game feel different everytime and the added consequences by getting more survivors and getting further from safety the more you progess gives you more and more weight on your shoulders that makes the game all the more dramatic and suspenseful. I see myself playing this game for a while."
76561198194916563,Recommended,458000,22563798,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,†,"Fun and definitely a challenging Game that comes with a nice story, like The Walking Dead, each choice or decision you make has consequences. This game will test your judgment when zombie apocalypse happen in real life. Are you a Kind person, Naive Person, Greedy Person or a Mad Person etc.? Over all I like the game. Great work to the maker of this game."
76561198062063722,Recommended,458000,22799326,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,reinforced balaclava,"11/10Schrödinger's boxes, fully-loaded priests. What else would you want?"
,Not Recommended,458000,22717696,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Doble Passe,"I really want to like this game, I really do.  I'm just having a really hard time really caring about the characters and the plot when I cant get to the next objective in the first place.  I mean I get that the game is supposed to be like the Oregon Trail, but god damn.  The game starts off with you meeting your first quest relatively quickly and to get to part two, you literally have to pray to RNG because it's two map screens away.  I've only gotten about half way in the second map and I died to bandits.I'd feel like I would be okay with this game if there were shorter check points, but for the moment I just find this game more and more frustrating to play.  Especially because there's a lack of logic behind any of my choices. Maybe you shouldn't open that russling box but you MIGHT get food, you MIGHT get infected, or you MIGHT get nothing.  A sole random number generator implemented in the back end of the game determines fate and I personally don't find that fun at all."
76561198118057251,Recommended,458000,22544320,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Flatulent Shadow,Why will knowing when to pause MAKE or BREAK your opinion of this game? See here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtdlcVjIr9g
76561198101915019,Recommended,458000,22553857,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Devaruchi,A little confusing intially but somehow interesting. Especially when horde of zombies appear. Great reflexes of your hand would be useful during combat and good strategy to take down horde of zombies. Would be great if this game available in multiplayer mode.The graphic reminds me of the 2D Deadfrontier (eventhough I played it only a few times).Best of luck for you Neil and of course Dave.
,Recommended,458000,22555241,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Clanzzy von Euphoria,"Right, so, here's the deal, this game has really HUGE potential, especially since I was ♥♥♥ed to even right a review which I RARELY do!10/10 would have my soul taken by this game again-Bought the game with REALLY low expectations-Started a new game and was like, hmmm, seems good so far-Slowly got into it-2 hours pass and takes a break-Comes back to play some more and to my surprise it gave me decisions which satisfied my ""needs"".-2 more hours pass by and was surprised that it was 12 A.M.-Decided to play a little bit more for 30 minutes-Look at the time again and 4 hours has passed by-Dumbfounded by the time, so I just tried completing the game and was like, who needs sleep anyways.-Succesfully finish the first area-Finds Gregg's son-Dies of low supplies JUST after getting Gregg's son-Game ends with me feeling REALLY empty-Proceeds to cutting myself-Then starts a new game and the cycle starts again"
,Not Recommended,458000,22593245,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Yusrin Hadi,"i really had high hopes on this game. as a fan of FTL and TWD, i was looking forward into playing this game. unfortunately its far from being anything like FTL. the choices given doesnt makes much impact into the game. the battle are crazy hard. im not sure how others are able to proceed, but i cant last longer than 3 nights in this game. i really hope there will be improvement in the future. as for now, im requesting for a refund - claiming to be FTL, when FTL is only 9$"
76561198004668573,Not Recommended,458000,22618239,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Argus,"So, here's the thing.  This game's reveiws are being totally honest when they says that it's like FTL.  And that was enough to get me to try it out, for sure.  But the more I played, the more I remembered why I stopped playing FTL a while back, because March of the Living has almost the exact same problems.You can not reliably get the resources you need, it's a lot of luck.  You cannot see any information about the location you're going to, unless it's a city, which makes map choices rather meaningless.  Events have different outcomes sometimes for the same options, making me wonder why it bothered giving me a choice in the first place.  And finally, combat gets overwhelmingly unfair for the player very quickly; though I can't tell if it's based on how many people are in your party, or on how far you've gotten.Either way, if you liked FTL and still like FTL to this day, despite its flaws, then yes, get this game!  It's more of what you want!  But for those of you like me, who long ago tired of the too-random frustration-generator, maybe steer clear."
76561198299444393,Recommended,458000,22548189,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,tyohock,I first played this game I felt a bit of confusion with steps going to play this game but after I try many times I find a way to play this gamea pretty good game pretty exciting and interesting pastime balanced with pricethanks adminI waited tingal Motl implant hehehe
76561197979875574,Recommended,458000,22655518,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,FTL meets zombie apocalypse.  Need I say more?
,Not Recommended,458000,22577603,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,AXE MURDERER (Lv. 1242),"Bland, tired pixel graphics that only worsten the boredom. A clunky, unintuitive combat system forms the center of gameplay, and the only other thing to be here for is the lazy story. An uninspired attempt to ape FTL."
,Not Recommended,458000,22559366,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Elyrien Valkyr,"Was having fun with the game for the most part. However issues cropped up slowly, driving me to question how much fun I was really having. So long story short it just tragicly falls short of being a really good game.The map is far too big for the difficulty it boasts, specially when you get a quest at the very end of a sector only for it to be 3 inches from the start of that same sector, meaning you have to backtrack ALL the way back to the start, with now no means to resupply on the way there and then back again.Combat is fairly broken as well, on both sides that it's too easy to win, and too easy to lose. You can wipe out 6 zombies with 2 shotgun shells if you herd them together. Or you can use the old faithful beat, retreat, repeat, with a hammer. However noting that the second you get grabbed, you may as well save yourself time and quit the game, look at the clock, see how much time you wasted, and question if you actually had any fun. The game has no real way of dealing with being grabbed, and for some reason, if you have a gun equipt, you have no way of firing the gun either. All you can then do at this point is watch as a single zombie slowly kills you, with no means of fighting back, or breaking free.The same can apply if you get infected and somehow live. every day you lose a single HP, with no means of a cure, which makes me question; why is this mechanic in the game at all? why not instantly kill you and save you time and false hope.Speaking of false hope, why is it that i can have 2 companions, yet the second my starting character dies, its a game over? What happens to them? Do they instantly die from a rampaging plot device? Why does the game not continue on from their point of view?"
76561198078121361,Not Recommended,458000,22616604,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Milla,"There is some fun to be had with it and I don't really regret my purcushe, but it honestly just made me want to go back and play FTL insted. The combat is clunky and the game drags on far much longer than FTL's runs which makes failed runs seem more of a waste of time than anything. The events seem more predictable than FTL and looks to have much more 90/10% chance events than FTL had.While it wears it's inspriation on its shoulder I would still say that's not a good thing. Dying in FTL was at least flashy and left you with a sense of ""well I could do better next time"" where as in March of the Living you just feel like it was inedviable and leaving you wishing runs weren't so long to begin with. (Which might be what they were going for, but I can say it doesn't inspire me to keep at it quite as much as in FTL).I would try this if you are a fan of both FTL and the zombie genre but I wouldn't recomend it for anyone else.This is more of an inital impression as I haven't beaten the game yet, maybe I will change my mind, but I plan on moving on from this game for quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,458000,22660328,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Stevey The Ex-Eevee,Keep getting caught while scavaging with a 15% detection chance. Seems this game makes itself impossible as it can to complete. ♥♥♥♥ it.
,Not Recommended,458000,22715752,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ghost,~
76561198076881336,Not Recommended,458000,22557940,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TickTockBang,"---This review is of April 22nd. I will be updating it as patches are released.----One of the biggest qualms I have about this game is the combat. The combat is atrocious as you have to manage every character in a small window of time.Characters don't auto aimor reload or move out of the god damn way, so you have to control every aspect of that and gets incredibly annoying. Not to mention right off the bat you are only armed with 20 bullets, a pistol and a hammer and are expected to fend of 5 zombies every so often (5 zombies don't sound like much, but take into account that you can miss a shot, fleeing can result in losing items AND members, and resorting to melee can increase your chances of getting bit and INFECTED, causing you to lose 1 health per day. As far as I know, being infected is a permanent debuff). This is especially annoying when you're scavenging a city and a group of zombies just happen to pop up on every scavenging attempt. You lose ammo and supplies faster than you can find them.Another problem is with the hunger and fatigue bar. The hunger bar increases WAY TOO FAST compared to the fatigue bar. Paired with the amount of food you find, it almost makes it incredibly difficult to make it through the game with a full party. You might as well solo the game or bring at max 1 person if you want to maintain your food storage.Additionally, losing health in this game is ridiculous. Finding health packs are hard as it is and don't help when they only heal you 1-2 and occasionally 4 hp at the most. This game wears you down, and many random events can screw you over if they choose to. For example, you can choose to search a cabin and then a zombie pops out of nowhere and infects you. There goes -2hp and another -1 hp every day. Want to avoid the crow swarm? Then duck. Oh wait - there goes -1 hp. Calling the bluff on that crazy guy at Chloe's house? Well darn I guess the gun was loaded after all: -3hp.Lastly, there is just a lack of... ""stuff""? There is a lot of writing in this game, which is good, but the scenery and art is minimal. Just the same pixelated forests and city landscapes over and over and over. There are very few items in the game which you actually need. You only should carry ammo, health items, food, a melee item, and that's it - everything else you sell to buy those items. No crafting or making armor or anything - and in the case there is an event where an npc does need a junk item, well guess what? He gives you one of the four important items or a stupid crossword book.This game is incredibly unforgiving. Not in a Dark Souls ""you-need-skill-to-play"" kind of way but more like a ""wow- developers-was-this-really-necessary"" kind of way. It's okay and has a lot of potential, but the developers really need to ask and give the community what they want in terms of balancing and content and implement them in future patches.I'd give this game an overall score of 6/10 but would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,458000,22610333,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,vred,"What a mistake comparing this to FTL. Bland, shallow gameplay not even close to the strategy of FTL while you roam through the same type of road with woods map almost all the time only stopping to rest and eat which is also boring to manage, not hard, just boring.The random events are kinda cool but thats it."
,Not Recommended,458000,23613194,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,leedmaster,"Not enough content to play this game over, very unpolished"
,Not Recommended,458000,29309035,Posted: 16 January,all,PAT BATEMAN,This game is trash. Everything you do ends up being a bad idea!
76561198088026572,Recommended,458000,24466369,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Krakonus,"its good, pls buy it"
76561198091363014,Recommended,458000,22545135,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,RudeSharyl E.B.D.A.,Addicting and fun.   Nice game
76561198065183139,Not Recommended,458000,34686807,Posted: 2 September,all,leon13r,badshallow repetitive
76561198042342267,Not Recommended,458000,34890453,Posted: 11 September,all,magicpink,Extremely poor writing (another poor straight guy wronged by his woman) and tutorials that tell you to do things but don't actually tell you the controls.
76561198126504087,Not Recommended,458000,33654209,Posted: 19 July,all,Lardo Retardo,♥♥♥
76561198099478839,Not Recommended,458000,22551096,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,zhou1997,boring
76561198007578903,Not Recommended,458000,22549173,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,patamon,"DO NOT GET FOOLD - THIS GAME IS TRASHFirst of all people saying this game is like FLT aperently never played FTL or are jusr morons.  If this would be FTL it would be just watching the jumping animation all the time and ocationaly click on choises in dialogue boxes.Tis game is just an text advanture with an 2D walpaper that sometimes apears in the backround.Core gameplay loop consits of black winfow with a diolog boxe to picj cjhoises from and clicking to watch an walking animation to the next dialogue box. The 3rd screenshot you see with the box is what you will be looking at 50% of the timeAlso, ocationaly (every 6 or 7 moves) you fight zombies, and by fight I mean you click to move to left corner and click shoop, when zombies are close you click to the oposuite corenr outrunning the zombies and shoot again.Thats it. That is the ""game"".I am blad Steram has refunds these day as trash like this does not deserve to get paid for $15"
76561198072577531,Recommended,458000,26509607,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rocky Jet,I love it! 9/10
,Not Recommended,458000,23737697,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Massnissa,the worst game eveeeeeeeeeeeeer
,Not Recommended,458000,23658172,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,WolfintheFold,Here's my review for March of the Livinghttp://marchofthelivingreview.blogspot.ca/
76561198043606431,Recommended,458000,22589166,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Zelnorack,"Combat is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ let's get that out of the way. It's clunky, as usual RNG is a ♥♥♥♥♥, managing more than 1 survivor REALLY brings the pace of the game to a grinding halt, Fleeing from combat is completely stupid and will almost always ♥♥♥♥ you right over. Melee is the god damned worst. If you get grappled, you're done. Period. Don't get close, don't let them get close.Now for the good. This game is hard. It will not hold your hand and show you the right way. You are given a small tutorial the first time you play and that's it. You're shown where you need to go and are given, literally, thousands of ways to get there. Savanging in cities is a crapshoot. You'd think people would learn how to be silent after the first 40 times they were ambushed because they made noise, so people in this game are just as stupid as real life.Ammo is scarce, food is scarce, and zombies are plentiful. Way to plentiful. There is grim♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game too. I was asked to put a man out of his misery with his own gun. A couple of people pulled a Peeta and disguised themselves as the ground, and got shot when they scared my party. Even found a dead kid hung from a tree.Tl;Stfu: This game will test your patience in the worst ways, and the best ways. It's a good game, and it has some glaring flaws, but in some cases those flaws help flesh out the good things."
,Recommended,458000,22589329,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,aslina,"so fun end enjoy playing this game, had longs story step by step, so much spot, end interesting. It can be pretty difficult at times trying to playing this game where manage resources end member character. but I think that's what makes it so enjoyable for me. nice game end I hope someday there will be a change in the graph"
76561198054299527,Recommended,458000,22589330,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Tr1cksT3r,"The meaning of tactical survival zombie game. The path of the game goes from what you choose, the map is big and challenging, If you die you start all over , so you have to be really strategic about it. In the i have fun with it, worth the money."
