user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197967108792,Recommended,458380,22441024,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Fuepepe,"This VN is very lengthy compared to most of the current VNs on Steam and I believe that it is worth the price. (10-30 hour category on VNDB but it personally took me 20 and I consider myself a fast reader.) I purchased this back in December when it came out on Mangagamers website. This steam version is uncut and retains all the original scenes. This VN has a very slice of life episodic feel to it, going from chapter to chapter covering the two main characters dealing with different people in the steampunk themed academy. The narration has a very 'prosey' feel to it.If you don't feel like you're enjoying the VN by the time you get to the first swap to Teslas perspective (With the dog) this is probably not the VN for you as I had been sold on it by then."
76561197995305388,Recommended,458380,22449849,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Valusia,"Gahkthun is a very good visual novel. It is fairly long and contains great artwork and voice acting. It has a lot of Slice-of-Life scenes and chunni elements.The characters are very interesting and fun, especially the main 2 characters, Neon and Tesla.The story happens in an Academia, which is a huge city-school, run by the students themselves. Neon, the protagonist, is a first year student in the school, and Tesla is the transfer student who just arrived and will attempt to take down the governing council and save the 100,000 student.Pros -- Great artwork.- Great soundtrack. (though it is a bit small)- Great characters.- Really good voice acting.- A very well built and interesting world.- The writing style is really good and pretty unique. Personally, I love it.- The translation quality is really high.Cons -- Some of the fight scenes can get a bit repetitive.- Some of the charactes sadly do not get enough screen time and feel underdeveloped.- There are some pacing issues.Overall, Gahkthun is a great visual novel. It has good story, writing, art, voices and music. It's high quality, and definitly worth it. I give it 8.5/10"
76561197981558705,Recommended,458380,22669985,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,☭Eden Code☭,"A great UNCENSORED visual novel by the makers of Sekien no Inganock and Shikkoku no Sharnoth. In terms of story and choice, this game is basically a kinetic novel with bad ends and one true ending. Getting the true end is relatively easy and the game itself should take roughly 10-15 hours depending on how fast you read and how much of a completionist you want to be. While the length certainly can't match with Grisaia and G-senjou despite being in the same price tier, this game does have a more focused central plot with a builty in encyclopedia!The main character is Nikola Tesla who transfers into the class of the female protagonist and proclaims that he will save them this time around. The plot contains a steam-punk setting, mecha battles, a healthy amount of sex and a quasi love-triangle. Art-style is reminiscent of the other Liar Soft games with sharp faces and slim/tall bodies. Music is top-notch along with a couple notable seiyuu's in the cast.If you like quality VN's and want to support the fledging industry on Steam then definitely give it a buy."
,Recommended,458380,22509552,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Have A Sad Cum,It's completely uncensored 10/10
,Recommended,458380,23911749,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LongTimeNoSiege,"Let me start by saying that I played the download version of Gahkthun before the Steam version was released, hence the lack of play time.Gahkthun is one of the absolute best Visual novels on Steam, and the Steam version is completely uncensored (the sex scenes are more part of the story rather than being pure smut like many adult VNs). However, if you go in expecting a typical school romance story, you'll probably be somewhat disappointed.Gahkthun is part of a series of games that all take place within the same universe that are loosely based on the works of H.P. Lovecraft. They are (roughly translated) Celenaria of the Blue Sky, Inganock of the Brightest Flame, Sharnoth of the Deepest Black, Valusia of the Shining Light, and Sona-Nyl of the Violet Shadow. Gahkthun does make references to many of the former games, but it's not a direct sequel to any one of them. In addition, Gahkthun has an in-game encyclopedia that explains some of the lore and the world the story takes place in. Gahkthun does make a lot of direct references to Inganock and Sona-Nyl, so it might be wise to play those first if you care about continuity and are able (the former is fan-translated; the latter is not). However, the encyclopedia makes Gahkthun a good starting point and no prior knowledge of the series is required to understand the story.For returning readers, Gahkthun is exactly what you'd expect from the series, although as someone who has read the two fan-translated titles (Sharnoth and Inganock), I'd say that in terms of quality it fits comfortably between the two. It's less meandering than Sharnoth is while still telling a similarly compelling love story, but it's no masterpiece like Inganock was either. However, the many references to Inganock are wonderfully done.The series and its author, Hikaru Sakurai, are known for a particular writing style that could be described as poetic prose. As such, there is a lot of use of repetition in certain scenes (which can be off-putting to readers expecting detailed shounen-style fight scenes) and a focus on each chapter as an individual story. The latter point also causes contention with some readers, as many major characters are only focused on for a single chapter until their arc is finished, then mostly disappear from the story afterward. The cast is still well-written, fleshed out, and likable and the style of storytelling makes Gahkthun and the rest of its series quite unique, but if you're the kind who doesn't like characters exiting the story once they're not longer relevant, you might want to give it a pass. For those looking for a very atypical VN with a focus on believable characters and romance in an alternate history fantasy setting, Gahkthun is a must-read.The soundtrack, while very short for the length of the game, is one of the best in the medium. The music perfectly captures the feel of the setting and the atmosphere of the story in spite of the frequent re-use of many tracks.As a final point, the localization is quite stellar. Unlike the fan translations of previous titles, the translation work for Gahkthun captures Sakurai's style quite magnificently, to the point where it only very rarely feels like a translation rather than an original work."
76561198064019899,Recommended,458380,30620288,Posted: 19 March,all,MrMustache,"Note: the hours recorded on steam aren't indicative of my total playtime of this VN. Due to a performance glitch with Steam's compatability for it, i've had to play it directly through the program. I've completed the story in I would think about 15-20 hours.While this statement isn't meaningful to those that aren't my friends, i'll say this; i'm not particularly fond of Visual Novels, even though I have a few. I find the statement that they're games is a bit farfetched, I think that Steam is LITTERED with them by people who want to make a quick buck, and despite looking for one, I have yet to find a visual novel that truly gripped me to the end......until now, anyway. This could very well be the VN that I absolutely adore. Let's go into detail, shall we?Setting: The game is set in an alternate 1900's France, in which steampunk technology is on the rise. While that's not something really new anymore to games (or VNs, for that matter), this game certainly takes some liberties by putting in some fantasy elements that, well....work. The comination of elements really give it that 'anime' feeling, especially during battles. That's a touch that I particularly like, and on VN levels the visuals to this are actually REALLY good. I was honestly surprised by what I saw, from shots of both contemporary and grandiose buildings to barren wastelands, this vn has beautiful art of all.Art: Despite a few odd angles here and there that I think were unintentional (not going to mention the body proportions, those were intentional of the artist so I won't give a complaint there), the art is fantastic. This point may be a bit superfluous since I stated the visuals were good in the setting category, but the art goes for characters and specific events as well. For VN and anime lovers, this VN is definitely eye candy.Voice Acting: Yes, this VN has voice acting (Japanese specifically), and it is great. Every character is made all the more believable and likeable (or unlikeable in some cases) by the voice acting. This is probably due to the fact that many of the characters are voiced by professional voice actors. The main character Neon, for example, is voiced by Isshiki Hikaru (who, might I add, must have an IMPRESSIVE resume given how much she voice acts). It would certainly be hard to hear an offpoint with this game's voice actors.Music: Yes, this game has good music....no, great music. Like I said, this game is set in 1900's France, and the music reflects that BEAUTIFULLY. Most of it is done through piano and violin, both really adding to the setting of an old world city. It also really goes well with the events in the vn, whether they be tragic, comical, tense, frightening, etc.(on a small note, Tesla's transformation music....MY GOD)Characters: While other readers found a few of the characters forgettable, I personally enjoyed each and every one for what they were worth. This VN is by no means an amateur story; every single character here has a PURPOSE. For those who can't stand the fact that some characters are introduced in stories and are immediately forgotten, you'll enjoy these characters. Each and every one has their own depth and their own contribution to the story. THe two main characters are especially notable here (that goes without saying, but I just want to gush a bit here). I ADORE both of them, from Neon's timid, cute and kind personality to Tesla's standoffish, out-of-place personality. The personalities clashed, yet melded together just perfectly. I have no complaints about their chemistry.Story: I won't give too much detail here since I see this as the game's true strength and that it should only be viewed to be admired, but I will say this; in the grand scheme of things, this is several little stories with an overarching story. Like I said earlier, also, is that this is no amateur's story either. All of the smaller stories are intertwined with the larger story in a very clever way. I was invested in every single one, down to the smallest plotpoint. Once you get into this story, you'll be absorbing every little detail and won't be able to pull away.Length: This VN is lengthy, and I mean lengthy. Like I said, it took me between 15-20 hours to read the whole thing, but others stated that it took them longer to read. While that is impressive, there is one complaint that I have to note with the game; it tends to repeat itself. Not in plot elements or anything crucial, no. There are just times where it repeats lines for the sake of being poetic. Sometimes it works, othertimes no. Even if you skip them, though, you have a pretty lengthy read, so in that respect, you would certainly have something to do on your spare time.Price: Probably one of only two negative points I can give this VN. By a VN's standpoint (or any game's standpoint for that matter) this game's price is pretty steep at 40 dollars. I got it on sale (about 45% off) and felt that that price was a lot more generous, personally. Though if I were more accurate with my assumption, i'd say that the game would probably be better priced at 30, given the fact that it sometimes repeated lines which inflated the runtime somewhat. While I would definitely say that getting it at 40 is a bit much, you'd definitely be getting a great experience as far as VNs go. Still, as I would recommend, keep it on your wishlist and wait for a sale.In summation:Pros:+A setting that has some very interesting liberties taken with it+Great art direction for both the setting and the characters+Voice acting is superb+Characters are all likeable in their own ways while the main characters are completely lovable+Music is really breathtaking at times, adding to the story+Story will draw you in and never let go+Impressive length, even by VN standardsCons:-A bit of repetition with some lines which only serve to inflate the story slightly-The price point is a bit muchConclusion: While the price point is something for the potential buyer to consider, I would definitely say that any adult (18+, sorry kids) who loves anime and good story should definitely have this in their library."
,Recommended,458380,23887129,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,chikaduo,"I don't usually leave reviews but if a game is this good it seems like it would be wrong not to. I was completely immersed in the story before the prologue ended. The graphics are unique and, for me atleast, refreshing compared to all the overly cutesy moe types that seem to make up most of the VN selection on steam. The music is wonderful and the story has me completly hooked. I absolutly love the characters and I love that the story gives you little bits from the point of view of  other characters. My only complaint so far is that it has been repetative at a couple points when introding certain characters. Note that I have not yet finished the game at this point. Even so, I definitly recommend trying it out for yourself."
76561198091576930,Recommended,458380,26851238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cinderella's Bad Day,"I don't think I can say enough how much I adore this game.Huge bonus points for the lack of a million romantic partners, too, though I realize I might be alone there."
76561198160868511,Recommended,458380,31797737,Posted: 16 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"A top notch visual novel with a compelling story,elegant character designs and impressive artstyle as well as a bit of nudity to spice things up."
,Recommended,458380,24581861,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,UndefeatedOfTheEast,uncensored 10/10 great story.
,Recommended,458380,33374277,Posted: 8 July,all,claelinci,"For some reasons Steam didn't add the read time I spent in offline mode properly - I finished this VN within 23-ish hours or so. That aside, most of the existing reviewers have already highlighted the details of this VN, so I'll just skip to what I like and don't-like-as-much.+Stellarartwork, and made even more apparent with the storybook-like placing of the character sprites and background images. The vibrant character design and the relative bleakness of the setting may seem to be weird combination at first, but it works.+ Good soundtrack. Admittedly, I find it less memorable thanSharnoth's soundtrack, but I still find it fitting to the VN's overall atmosphere+ (Mostly) interesting characters, and even most of the antagonists are sympathetic. Helps that some chapters focus on side characters.+ Enchanting world of steampunk and Lovecraftian mix, helped with Sakurai Hikaru's unique writing style. That said... (see below)+ Top-tier voice acting. This is especially true with Neon, whose VA managed to give her character a ""cute"" charm while still giving her air of maturity (especially when compared to her friend Izumi who I find to fit the more standard ""cute"" character type).- While I do not dislike Neon and Tesla (I like them and their dynamics, in fact!), the way the story reveals who they are and their motives very late into the story may not sit well for some (especially when compared toSharnoth, where it didn't take long for Mary's motive as main character to be established). Even more so once it is revealed thatTesla had what could be considered romantic relationship with Neon's direct predecessor (grandmother?), although it went nowhere in the end due to circumstances surrounding Tesla's existence. I don't necessarily have problem with this bit, but I know some people may.- Pacing issues in some parts. The one with Gates of Hell is probably the most glaring one for me.- Some charaters remain underdeveloped. My biggest disappointment lies on Izumi and Albert, especially because they're supposed to be good (if not best?) friends of Neon.- the appearance of the user interface (buttons etc.) seems... lazy? I personally find it not quite fitting with the aesthetic of the VN.- The repetition in the writing (such as during Tesla's transformation sequence) may be annoying for some, while others may find it to be part of Sakurai's writing charm. Your call, really.That said, I recommend this piece."
76561198062015746,Recommended,458380,25207930,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Freedom(Sara),"Great characters and quite an interesting storyline. I haven't finished it yet, but so far I've had a great time reading."
76561198014307719,Recommended,458380,25098802,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,LeChuck,"great voice acting in this game, with a nice story and uncensored"
76561198050311904,Recommended,458380,26722670,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,"Punished ""Venom"" KyonHB",Best Nikola Tesla dating sim I ever played
76561198254478626,Recommended,458380,26158309,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,markthenerd85,"Its not bad. Definitly some parts were a bore, and I wanted to slam my head against the desk with some of the dialougue, but overall its decent. The art is good, and the world is interesting. If there is one more caveat it would be that there is a crab ton of reading and not a lot of significant choices.I give it a 7-8 depending on where you are in the story."
,Recommended,458380,24322094,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Azudel,"This was a great visual novel released on steam. If you are surprise on the cost of the novel then rest assured that this is a normal price range for a full develope visual novel. Some visual novels cost even higher from $60 to even $100, depending on certain factors.No need to talk about the pros and cons of the novel since other people have done it for me."
76561198081064214,Recommended,458380,32855686,Posted: 27 June,all,theshining7,One word for this visual novel : Kick♥♥♥♥♥
76561198037317998,Recommended,458380,23445245,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Fz Dynelight,"Nikolai Tesla infiltrates a higher learning institution in order to bring the entire thing to its knees with the aid of lightning powers and a mecha. From the same writer as Sharnoth of the Deepest Black, in which Mary Clarissa Christie makes an eldritch pact with James Moriarty.I'm not making this up. The Steampunk series is whack and I love it."
76561198196704053,Recommended,458380,28301544,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,falleen,"This game made me laugh. This game made me cry. A lot of crying in fact. It was beautiful, it was emotional, and I didn't want it to end. Neon's voice is absolutely beautiful, gentle, lilting and lyrical. I can't get enough of it. The only things that were irritating to me were the mini games and some repetitive lines. That I can live with. And I really really want the fandisk now, can someone please translate it and put it on Steam? PLEASE?"
,Recommended,458380,29323542,Posted: 17 January,all,hotshot0123,Enjoyed it. I really enjoyed it. Yes the story is almost linier & it's really easy to go to the true end but still engaging non the less.
,Recommended,458380,27374892,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,16th century,"If you like the visual novel format, you'll probably find a lot to like in Gahkthun of the Golden Lightning. It's not without it's flaws, but it is probably the best visual novel released on Steam. This is an entry in the so called Steampunk Series written by Hikaru Sakurai. They can be read in any order, as they feature different casts and settings.Pluses:The setting is facinating and well developedExcellent prose that doesn't treat the reader like a moron with a fourth grade reading levelHigh production values (system, art, animation)Enthralling battle scenesSucceeds at many genres, the episodes could be adorable, heart breaking, horrifying, etc.Minuses:Each chapter focuses on a different character or characters which doesn't allow for as much character development as I'd likeI personally didn't find the main couple very interesting"
76561198006455520,Not Recommended,458380,25867780,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,🅹🅸🆂🅺🆁🅰,"Gahkthun of the Golden Lighting is eroge visual novel set in europe-like school-city Academia.Gahkthun features about 20 hours of reading with linear story. There are choices, but they dont influence story, they only add bonus scenes if you chose right.Protagonist is girl Neon Scalar, who just started in Academia as freshman, got into problems and got her♥♥♥♥♥saved by mysterious superhero Nikola Tesla.Since steam doesnt allow neutral reviews and i have to decide if i recommend this game or not, then i chose not to, reasons follow below.I will start with what i liked about this VN. Best thing is protagonist Neon Scalar and her voice acting. Yes, protagonist is voiced, also she likes to speak to herself and this is used to narrate story. Neon is pretty, smart and likeable. Listening to her narrating story in low voice is relaxing and pleasant experience.Drawings in this VNs are pretty, but sprites are static and only one or two per character. This is mitigated by little face spritesm that are on background of text box and they have many various expresions that changes depending on what character is saying. I liked this idea and its good way to have facial expresions without having to draw full sprites.Also this game features Erich Zahn playing his violin /thumbs upNow what i didnt like about this game and why i cant recommend it.As i wrote above, story is about 20 hours long but you can see that i have 50 hours played. What was i doing 30 hours then? Well checking social networks, checking phone etc. once i even found myself playing another VN with this one still running on background. Thats how mutch problems i had with actualy finishing this VN.Game is basicaly about superhero Nicola Tesla who is single handledly saveing the wolrd ... thats not simplification, thats how game presents it itself. Story is then divided into chapters, where each have its own little plot ending with boss battle where Tesla defeats villian. Yeah, kinda boring isnt it?Plot isnt bad, but it just didnt click with me. I really had to force myself to continue reading.Also this game is uncensored eroge. Yes, uncensored on steam, because sex scenes arent porn like in most japanese eroge, but they are merely erotic - stuff you can see in TV late at night. I didnt really like the h-scenes, drawings weren't nice in my opinion and girls suddenly grew gigantic milk tanks ..."
,Not Recommended,458380,24450864,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"UPDATE:  I've finished the VN and changed my review to reflect this.Gahkthun of the Golden Lightning is written in a style that seems a bit like Shakespeare.  It's very dramatic and ponderous, to the point of being pretentious in many scenes.  What makes this laughable is that the novel takes place island school run solely by students---the hero is a transfer student and the antagonists are members of what is essentially the student council.  The odd, pretentious writing in no way matches up with the anime tropes the story is littered with.  It wants to tell its own story (which seems decent enough by itself), be artistic, and do some sort of weird high school/college anime thing all at the same time.  For me, it just doesn't work.Apparently there are other visual novels set in the same universe where some of the characters featured in this one are introduced, and I feel like my understanding of the story suffered for not having read them.  Neon Scalar, the heroine of Gahkthun, is actually well-written and endearing, and by the end of the novel, most of the antagonists have been fleshed out.  There are a lot of interesting elements in play--super powers, steampunk, borrowed historical figures--but in the end, it just doesn't deliver a satisfying experience.Having read the entire novel, I don't feel it is long enough or interesting enough to warrant a purchase.  Unlike many VN's, Gahkthun of the Golden Lightning does not offer multiple routes and there is really no reason to read it more than once."
,Recommended,458380,22641929,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Patches,Great Slice of Life moments
,Recommended,458380,22903514,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,White Badger Devil,"Has Nikolai Tesla working on Neon, sold."
,Recommended,458380,35304194,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr. Cappuccino,"Top notch VN.10/10 Voice Acting, 9/10 Plot, 8/10 Pacing, 9/10 Twist, 10/10 Graphics.Pros:>> Godly VA, and damn that plot, not just that plot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), but well you know, story plot; Graphics are really good.>> Not perfect but hey, must buy.Cons:>> Pretty Expensive for a pretty short game, you can probably finish the game in like 12 hrs or something if you want too.>> FANTASTIC VN OVERALLPS: Wish they would tl the sequel too."
