user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197988916995,Recommended,459090,25855332,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Longstrider,"M. Stands for Masterpiece.This game is wonderful. It's surely unusual because not many people do such games these days and that's why I think it got quite a few negative reviews. People mostly criticize gameplay and system features and surely there are some flaws, but that's irrelevant. The essence of this game is a STORY, and a truly heartfelt one. It's a story about people, their character and their relationship, about a fantasy world crafted with love and soul put in it. This game has really touched the strings of my souls and is a great proof that game development is truly a form of art.TL;DR - If you want to play classic RPG with many choices, go Pillars of Eternity. If you prefer tactical fights with deep strategy and mechanics, play XCOM. If you desire to live through a breathtaking adventure alongside unforgettable characters with vibrant personalities in a meticulously designed and truly enchanting fantasy world, Masquerada: Songs and Shadows is your choice.Characters: Every person in the game is vivid, they don't just SEEM alive, they actually ARE alive. Usually characters in games are developed by people who don't really have much social experience (or so it seems) and don't really understand how people's relationship work, but luckily that's not the case with Masquerada. Due to the small number of characters introduced the devs showed us each and every one of them with their virtues and flaws, with their own stories, in all their uniqueness. They may behave irrationally succumbing to their emotions, but that's realistic, that makes them more alive. These are not your typical ""heroes"" who despite having a few bad traits are 90% good, brave and righteous (or 90% evil). The characters of Masquerada, including main ones, are humans who lie, fear, despair, but also hope, fight for what they believe and, what's most important, they EVOLVE throughout the story, and that's exactly what makes them alive.World: The world of Masquerada if full of minute details that make it much more vivid. A lot of information about the world's features as well as background lore given to us in a form of Cicero's records (or the ones he finds) is simply amazing. In-game we can only see a small part of this world, a city of Ombre with its rich history and peculiar society structure, all though-out very carefully. But we can also get a glimpse on the other nations and territories through the notes, and it gives us more or less full picture of the world, which is quite rare for such games. Numerous minor details and descriptions is what really made a strong impression on me.Sound: Music is quite simple, but really fitting. It helps a lot to immerse in the atmosphere. And the voices! Damn, they're so good. They help to form images of characters so much better and really plays a great part in their vividness! The voice cast  is quite starry: Felicia Day, Liam O'Brien, Matthew Mercer and many other people lend their voices to the characters of Masquerada.Visual Design: There are many bright colors in the game that in my opinion make the game even more lively. The art style is quite simple and yet eye-catching.Mechanics: Combat system is not complicated at all: elemental tags work pretty straightforward, most descriptions are not overloaded with numbers (much to mucnhkins' distaste). AI is doing weird things sometimes so you always need to keep an eye on your party members, but with the help of tactical pause it's not that hard (may be annoying sometimes though). On the hard difficulty the game is…well, hard. But perfectly manageable. I completed it on hard with the party of characters that I like for personalities rather than for abilities (don't get me wrong, I love all the main characters, but to take along some of them in some situations were more fitting that the others) and although it was a bit harder than if I always had a good-all-around party, it was by no means exceptionally difficult. Even if you think you had built your characters wrong, by the time it starts to matter there will be a skill reset option, so it's quite user-friendly.Story: I dare to say that people who designed the story are true geniuses. There are quite a few twists and turns of the plot, with many tales unfolding along the main storyline, closely intertwining with it and eventually everything being woven into the grand canvas of an adventure one can never forget. It's not particularly complicated or always unpredictable (some moments are really mind-blowing), but it somehow absorbs you. And, what's important, it's perfectly logical. Not rational, but logical, and definitely realistic. Many important questions arise as you progress and later you can see what answers Cicero and his friends find, how they resolve difficult situations and how it all affects them. All the characters' personalities as well as the word's lore are instrumental in creating this unique feeling of involvement in the story, the feeling of living through it.Verdict: It's one of the best games I've ever played. I even see it not like a game, but rather an experience I lived through myself. In my opinion this masterpiece can actually influence one's perception, maybe teach some lessons and is definitely a source of inspiration. I doubt I managed to describe the game in all its brilliance and that's why I encourage everyone seeking a vibrant story to try out this game.To the Developers: Thank you guys for creating such a magnificent game. It was a truly unforgettable experience, Cicero and his friends now hold a special place in my heart.Rating: ∞/10"
,Recommended,459090,32226685,Posted: 6 June,all,kayte hawke,"this is a game that, i feel, is almost vitally important in what it does and how it does it. the story is beautiful, grounded - so many other stories almost lose their humanity along the way of these grand tales of loss and rebirth, but masquerada keeps its feet on the ground firmly, making us believe even more in its lofty ideals and beautiful tragedy. it is not a game that has its happy ending without loss, and i appreciate that. the story is /real/, though its setting is fantastical, and its characters are  true in a way few stories ever truly achieve. i reccomend this game wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,459090,25827585,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Rumpel,"+ wonderful graphics+ great story+ well crafted and original world+ decent music and VA+ fluid animations- unpolished combat system- questionable party AI- no manual saves, only autosaves per every stage which makes the two points above very frustrating during some encounters"
,Recommended,459090,26103486,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Vlodril,"Got this game after following the kickstarter for it and mainly because the art looked really nice and i like isometric rpgs.So far it's easily one of the top 3 games i have played this year.It has beautiful art (the city and the various locations look amazing), one of the best ost's i have heard (fantastic job by the composer), a very well realised world with a ton of background story on its creation and a decent storyline and characters.The combat was a bit weird for the first couple of hours but after i got used to it i found it satisfying for the amount that it took for me to finish the game (18 hours).Add to that a pretty stellar voice acting cast (mercer did a good job as the main character but everyone was very good) and the game was elevated to a much stronger experience than i expected when i bought it.I loved the world (kinda 1600 italy based) and the way they tied music and songs to the whole world building. The game is extremely colorful and quite pretty.The only negative i can find is that the game has checkpoints and sometimes it's not after every battle but after two battles or three. Which wasn't really a problem except from the first area (library) since after figuring out how combat worked i didn't die that much.If you like isometric rpg's you should play this game (and i would like a sequel so go buy it :P).  The game is cheap for its quality too."
,Recommended,459090,26119852,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,nograviity,"It seems all the negative reviews are from the kickstarter backers who didn't think the game lived up to their expectations. I had a blast with this game, loved the characters and the plot, and am really itching for more.Would this have been even better if it was choice based? Yes. Does the linear gameplay negatively affect the game? No.Are some bosses suddenly very difficult? Yes, but you know what? You change your tactics and suddenly its easy again. You cannot DPS every boss in this game, sometimes you need to switch to tanking or range tactics, which Cicero allows you to switch between very easily.I had no trouble with the AI or tactics, but that may be because my approach is to let the AI do as they please and redirect their attention if I think they're needed else where or they're doing something stupid. Once I did that they usually followed through very well.For the price I think this was a great game. If it had been $60 I would have been disappointed, but $25 is the same price as most books, and what this game does very well is tell a good story just look a good book would.I would, and have been recommending this game to everyone."
76561198083025098,Recommended,459090,25799751,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,3.4528,"I will recommend it, but this game has lots of the problems.This is a detective story, set up in really interesting world. You can not compare it to BG, or any other CRPGs cause it's not. It is feels like narrative story, where the combat is just a complex QTE.PROS- The story of the world is fascinating. Rich with lore, factions, conflict.- The characters are rich, but the game really struggles to explain it. However I loved the fact that everyone is somewhat ""grey"". No pure good & evil.- The fabula is unique (at least for me). Brings the Vampire: The Masquerade fascination to the table.- The story might be just engaging enough for you to continue.- Estetics, music, atmosphere are really nice.CONS- The mechanics. It might be the prefference, but it does not force you to conserve your spells (they are a based on cooldowns). It's really hard to pull combos, which should be the shining jewel of the system. The combat is just too noisy for that.- The story is very linear. No searching, no secrets, no reward for curiosity.- The surroundings are bit rushed. Many of the areas are just boxes with texture, no context, couple of extra items.- The controls do not feel responsive. The actions are not instantaneus, thus its really hard to tell whether you botched sequence or it's still pending. It might be related to the enemy hit boxes.- The checkpoint system is abnoxious. No decent saves.- Zero replay value.- The prologue served really bad for the game."
76561198022612119,Recommended,459090,32845791,Posted: 27 June,all,suzannescw,I had this game on my radar but from the screen shots alone I wasn't sure. THANK YOU STEAM SUMMER SALE!!I am so glad I picked this one up - the story is suprising and kept me interested - emotional and funnyGrab this game at the lower price - you won't regret it - can't wait for the sequel (they better be making one!)
,Recommended,459090,33595502,Posted: 16 July,all,so much for pathos,"Wonderful world, story and voice acting all brought together but a lovely art style to create a compelling game. Only negatives are that in combat pathing and target selection can be a little clunky at times. However this was made bareable by decent companion AI that finds a nice balance between playing the game for you and running around ike headless chickens, you'll want to prevent them from casting key spells though so you're not left unable to interrupt enemy abilities."
76561198032186760,Recommended,459090,25789615,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,p.l.hebert,"First 3 hours: interesting story line.  But more of a point and click game with occasional combat than an RPG. Certainly the levels are very linear - not an open-ended world but interesting so far nevertheless.  The art is pretty, voice-acting is well done as well.  In addition, the game feels polished.On the downside, two irritating points so far.  First, the companions' AI just loves to cluster your companions together in the middle of area of effect damage.  This can be avoided, for sure, if you take over their behaviour but then combat becomes very  micro-managed.  Second, I sure wish there was a ""save"" game option, rather than autosaves at select story points.  Being forced now to play the same trio of (increasing difficulty) battles over, and over, and over again only to die towards the end of the third battle has ceased to be fun."
,Recommended,459090,30954906,Posted: 4 April,all,Sassifrasiter,"Crying softly. I love this game so much.I have had this game in my Library for a while. I've watched the trailers for it and I figured it was a good game to make an investment in. But not until recently have I been actually able to play it for myself and truly experience it. I have to say this is absolutely one of my favorite games I have ever played. And it's really saying something since I don't usually have such strong feelings about games nor do I play that many in the first place.First I love the style that the game is in from the 3-D elements such as the character models the the more handrawn looking elements as well. It is such a pleasing style that blends these two elements together. Not to mention the world building and the characters themselves. I just love everything about the artistic approach to this game and it is certainly pleasing to look at.Next the story. God the story. I don't even know if I can put into words how much I love the story in this game. Not only to the stuff that we hear in game but all of the notes and Codex pages you can gather! Now I'm not usually one to try and read up on all the lore of a game if I am to collect pages and stuff but this game is just so engaging and interestingthat I just couldn't help but want more information! I took great pleasure reading up on all the pages that I have collected.And let me gush about the fact that the game is completely voice acted, the character protraits actually move and are animated when major dialogue comes up, and just the whole animating of the characters! I love that the whole game is voice acted instead of bits of voice acting and then radio silence from the characters before coming to another part where they are speaking again. It was so wonderful and interesting to listen to. The dialogue was wonderful no doubt about that! It was all so well written. It was funny, it pulled at your heart strings, witty, serious, all sorts of things. Not to mention how much voice acting talent there is and how wonderful everyone pulled off their characters.Honestly there is so much I could just gush about with this game. It is such a wonderful game I do hope that another Masquerada game comes out in the future. The set up is there and I'm sure that was the intent. I would love to see Cicero and the gang come back for more adventure around Ombre. Find out more about the about the past with the Gods and the Lady that we where introduced to. More about the Fey and the Mascherines and the Deminticate (i believed that's how it's spelled off the top of my head but I could be wrong) as well as this supposed impending Cataclysm. I want to see how Ombre rebuilds itself after everything. I want to know what happened to Damien. I want to know what plans the Lady has for Cicero. I want so many things and learn more about this gorgeous, well-developed, interesting world that I have been introduced to. I do hope this game does well enough for that to be a possibility to those that love Masquerada.In short this game is honestly a must have. Even if the gameplay is not your style with it being a pause-for-strategy style type of game the visual elements, music, characters, and overall story would be well worth the investment.I just absolutely love this game. Can't get enough."
,Recommended,459090,34022809,Posted: 4 August,all,microcake,"I first saw this game during the 2015 Playstation Experience event and was instantly smitten. A year and a half later I was totally eager to play the game and I'm so glad I took the time to sit down and try it out.PROS- The artwork is STUNNING. The details that exist in the world's environment, the character designs, the masks, all of it is wonderfully opulent and rich. The designs really work into the storyline, so no part of it really feels arbitrary. The animation sequences are done in an animated comic book format, which was really neat.- The story and lore are great! There are some people who complain that the story is discovery-driven, vs. hand fed to the user. I personally really liked that, since a lot of the main plot and snippets of lore are fed through dialogue sequences. If they had tried to cram more of the lore and backstory in the dialogue options, it would've been quite bloated and conversation-heavy. Instead you find bits and pieces of the game's lore and character relationships with the main character in little points around the map. Reading through them is completely optional and won't detract from the story, but provide a lot of richness to it.- Characters were enjoyable. They all start off a bit abrasive, but as you interact with them more, their depth and personal woes really come to light. Learning about the things that drive them and keep them going in that kind of society was a fantastic experience.- The game is mostly (or fully? can't completely recall) voice acted, with a great cast of actors who really bring the characters to life. The music was also wonderful, and I would generally recommend it as a whole soundtrack.CONS- The game is, IMO, fairly battle-light/clunky. The mechanics are there, in which you have a skill bar, skill tree, and basically auto-attack near enemies. There are some skills that require specific targetting, which was the clunky part for me since single-clicking targets in hordes was annoying. It was still FUN overall, just not the most refined aspect of the game.Overall, would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys solid stories and experiencing a game with enjoyable characters. If you're looking for something that's game-mechanic heavy, I wouldn't suggest it, but maybe watch a video or two to enjoy the sights and sounds of the game."
76561198040881253,Recommended,459090,33383915,Posted: 8 July,all,Fool9,"When I first heard of this game, I thought it would be more akin to traditional western RPGs, in actuality it feels more as if Transistor (Supergiant Games) and Dragon Age came together to have a baby. That's not a bad thing. On the contrary, the linear narrative and set protagonist allowed for a much tighter story and some great character interaction and development.As other reviews have stated, the writing, voice acting and music are the real stars of this game. These pieces worked together to create a really engaging tale set in a unique world. But while some might like the art style, it didn't quite click for me even if I did grow used to it as the hours passed--your mileage will vary.Onto the combat... When I first put this game on my wishlist, I saw reviews saying the combat was hard. Naturally, being lazy, I set it to Storymode upon first booting up and encountered no troubles. Even then, some of the fights at the beginning were a bit tricky, but once you reach the end game and have your own system worked out it becomes pretty fun (on Storymode...).Seeing as they brought up a lot of lingering questions in the epilogue, I'm sure hoping there's going to be a sequel."
76561198019594192,Recommended,459090,26283741,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lasci,"This is the first review for a game that I've ever written on Steam, and I'm writing this because I think it's important to share just how much I enjoyed this game. After reading most of the reviews, I feel like those who didn't recommend the game went into it with the wrong mindset, and while that's totally understandable, it's important to clear up what Masquerada is and what it is not.The tl;dr is that this is a very linear, story-driven game that has a suitable (but not superb) combat  with questionable AI. There are no dialogue options, branching choices, sub quests, or exploring, but the game makes up for it with some incredibly compelling lore and world-building, a succint and satisfying story with its fair share of twists and turns, and an interesting cast of characters that are splendidly portrayed and voice acted. If you play games for the story and characters, buy this now. If you're looking for a sprawling sandbox with a deep combat system, you might want to look elsewhere -- but I'd still encourage you to give the game a try, just to get a glimpse at some of the storytelling and see if it's your cup of tea.At its heart, Masquerada wants to tell you a story. It plays like a book or movie with some combat sprinkled in, and while it is extremely linear, there is a great deal of charm and heart in the game that more than makes up for its flaws. The tale takes place in a fantasy mirror of Renaissance Italy that is recovering from a tumultuous civil war between the Costadani, who are commoners, and the Masquerada, who are the 'nobility' that wear magical masks to tap into the powers of the elements.The characters are well written and come alive as the story progresses through action, mystery, and intrigue in an incredibly innovative and interesting world. The music didn't have me humming after closing out of the game, but it adds just the right amount of atmosphere when it's needed. The real aural gem is the voice acting; there are some pretty heavy hitters in the gaming industry doing some pretty astounding work, including Matthew Mercer (various games and anime) and Jennifer Hale (Bastila Shan, Fem!Shep, every cartoon you watched as a kid), and it makes the characters and story so much more engaging to play through.The game is a little brief by RPG standards. I spent somewhere in the area of ~15-20 hours on the game while playing on hard, and that's probably an above average playtime. The strict linearity and lack of sidequests makes it so that there's rarely a dull moment in the plot as it strides forward, and you never have to deal with filler that isn't somehow meaningful to the characters, if not the overarching tale itself. Masquerada is rife with world-building and awesome lore, which is further expanded upon by a codex/journal that the protagonist writes in first person about the world and his experiences in it, which add additional layers of depth to the characters he interacts with, their history, his thoughts about current events, etc.The gameplay is an isometric, pause for tactics RPG. Each character is attached to an element (water, wind, fire, earth) and a style of fighting (essentially melee rogue, melee tank, ranged caster). Within the introductory stages of the game, the protagonist chooses his element and can then switch between the three styles of combat at will. Each element has a selection of six active ability and one passive ability, each with their own (small) tree of upgrades, but you can only every have your passive and four active abilities selected in battle, and you don't gain enough skill points in the game to max them out. Combat revolves around positioning around enemies' attacks while using your abilities to create elemental tags that you can then activate for a variety of effects depending on which elements are interacting together and your upgrades. Each character has a Focus arc -- an area in front of them that allows them to block attacks and avoid damage directly to their health until the bar depletes.Combat can be clunky and finicky, however. Things move too fast and it's hard to keep up without constantly pausing. You have to make sure your characters' Focus arcs are facing the enemies that are attacking you while positioning your rogue archetypes to flank for extra damage, while lining up your abilities to do the most damage possible, while managing who is getting tagged with which elements and who is triggering those tags for the best effect, while trying to avoid your enemies' abilities when they're broadcast. This shouldn't be too complex to handle, but when there are a dozen or more combatants on the screen, things start getting muddled because everyone is attacking several timesa second.These issues are further compounded by the fact that, although the AI has been adjusted in the most recent patch (for the better), trying to a) keep your characters out of enemies' attacks and b) make sure they aren't attacking the wrong targets... both still remain an issue. The most you can do to set up your characters' AI is determine how many targets are around when they use an ability, which isn't ideal. I ended up turning off most of my abilities for automatic AI use for a number of reasons. One character has a great attack steroid, but is mana starved and kept using an ability to open up combat on 3+ targets once the mobs got larger towards the end of the game, which made it so I couldn't use the steroid buff. Each character has an ability to trigger elemental tags, but your only options are to deactivate the AI for these abilities or have them immediately activate the closest elemental tag whenever the cooldown is up -- you can't specify which tags you want to trigger, or under what conditions.But with some pausing, the combat does work, and it certainly isn't such a hamper that it made me enjoy the game less -- but there are some clear design flaws that could be fixed or worked on, and while I don't want to discourage anyone from playing the game, it's important to know what you're getting into, if only so that you can temper some of your expectations.Overall, I loved this game. I was deeply impressed by the storytelling and the overarching plot. The characters and voice acting were engaging. And for all the quirks and flaws and linearity, I was incredibly happy and pleasantly surprised by my experience with the game. If you enjoy a good story, play this. None of the game's flaws are glaringly awful or make the game unplayable by any means, and experiencing the world of Masquerada is well worth any mechanical idiosyncrasies with the game."
76561198034286355,Recommended,459090,33043380,Posted: 30 June,all,$teampunkKitties,"Love the music, theme, storyline and actions. Just a wonderful game all around. Only game I ever paid full price for without waiting for the steam sale but don't regret it one bit."
,Recommended,459090,30399983,Posted: 8 March,all,Wit_Huntybee,"One of the best ""unknown"" games I've played in a long time. A hidden gem.Definitely a hidden gem. I first heard about this game when browsing Steam and right off the bat the art-style, gameplay, story ""rich"" content, and of course, the VAs instantly caught my attention. I downloaded the demo and enjoyed what I had played. It took me a while to purchase the game, but I am glad I did.First off, this game is not meant for somebody wanting an in-depth RPG with a ""high quality"" combat system that focuses on exploration and dialogue choices. This game is strictly linear where the game pushes you in one-direction and only that direction. There are no side-quests and all the dialogue is used to tell the story that they are telling. There are no ""choices"" during conversations that affect the direction of the conversation. As much as I enjoy games with options such as that, there is also room in the gaming world for games that control what you do. This is a perfect example of that. (If you're expecting something else, then don't buy it. Or buy it and refund it if you don't enjoy it.) This game is almost an ""interactive story."" And it is an amazing story. There is never a dull moment during the game and it isn't too short as too feel rushed and not too long as too feel drawn out. It was almost as if I was playing a book. There is a lot of dialogue betweens the characters and a lot of text if you choose to read the lore. The lore surrounding the world is actually interesting and collecting the tidbits of knowledge around the areas opens the world up and draws you in)The Voice Acting is superb. This game has amazing VAs all-around excluding the obvious Matthew Mercer and Jennifer Hale.There really isn't much I don't enjoy about the game. However, as most other reviewers point out, the combat isn't perfect. I personally didn't have many problems. I played on normal difficulty and, for the most part, it was pretty seamless (I could see hard being harder, obviously, but I don't think it would be too bad). It actually became pretty easy towards the end. I didn't have much micromanaging to do because I was able to build my companions to pretty much self-sustain themselves (Kalden is a great face-tank and has amazing AoE heals). That just left me to focus on using my abilities. I sometimes needed to control my companions, but that wasn't too often and it almost always worked out well.Lastly, collectibles are a bit sporadic. It wasn't too bad and they were spread out far enough to allow you to read and not tire of reading the lore bits. However, the placements of the seemed pretty random, for the most part. Not a big deal though.In the end, the game was amazing and I definitely recommend it to anyone that enjoys a game focusing on story. And more people need to get this game, it deserves more attention that it has gotten."
76561198044457036,Recommended,459090,26355784,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Lung Tien Lien,"I'm not a kickstarter backer so I played this game with no prior expectations and I enjoyed it very much. I would describe it as a story-driven, linear RPG with outstanding voice acting and characters. The combat is fun, if on the simplistic side. I was not a huge fan of not being able to manually save, but if you are worried about difficulty and having to re-do sections - don't be. If you play on ""Story Mode"", you can basically sleep-walk through every fight.The world and characters are vibrant and incredibly engaging. The game did a great job of making me care about the story and the main character's goals, which isn't always the case.The game is linear with not too many opportunities to explore areas, which is a shame, but in the end did not detract from my enjoyment much.So:+ great story+ brilliant characters and voice acting+ vibrant world- no manual saves- not much exploration involved"
,Recommended,459090,33758826,Posted: 23 July,all,napoleonic_sp007rz,"A good, if short, linear story driven isometric party based action/moba styled combat rpg.+ pretty fascinating setting, this is fantasy but still different than in games like poe, tyranny, torment, witcher etc, here the game put you in sort of Renaissance Venice/Venetian/Northren Italian culture, not typical generic western medieval age.+/- pure story driven and linear, there is no side quests, nor back tracking to previous places at your own will except to your safe houses.+ strong story telling, with strong voice acting, pretty good companion stories- short and very linear- one sided stories throughout the game- rather forgetable combat with minimum characters ability progressions (just levelling to unlock combat skills, no non combat skills at all)"
,Recommended,459090,26518829,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Tomato,"This game is an exemplary RPG, with a brilliantly executed storyline that matches its beautiful and immersive setting.What greatly stuns me is how much this game gets /right/ that I found lacking in other games. Its in-universe lore - using familiar concepts of a built in 'codex' to explain concepts, collected by investigating objects of interest or eavesdropping on random conversations - is rich and detailed, yet not overly slapped in your face. The story itself is so strong, you find yourself wanting to quickly brush up on the protagonist's thoughts in his journal, or reading up upon what 'Media' means. (Not the press.) While in other games I found no need to touch the 'lore' journals, as most formulaic fantasy settings allow me to quickly work out the one or two differences in how 'corrupt church' 'drunk mining stubborn dwarves' fit into their world. In this rich, Venetian-inspired, creative and original setting, I was enchanted by its design and found myself eagerly learning as much as I could as I explored it.When I say explored, it is more truly like being led through a story. Being fond of books, I'm no stranger to the idea of a well done start from chapter one to the finale, but most games that take this approach rely so heavily on a complex-yet-standard RPG system to do their work for them. Instead, writing is prolific, the voice acting is superb and touching, and the dialogue is plentiful. The protagonist is no copy-paste blank you-are-this-man type, but an interesting hero with his own displayable flaws and merits. I found myself able to relate to some of his issues quite a bit, so he came to me as a very excellent protagonist to walk through the story.The companions' 'plot lines' are not done in a side-quest format (in fact, there is a total lack of side quests or backtracking entirely) but instead are part of the development of a story, not used as filler but as fuel to drive the narrative forward. It's refreshing to see such a traditional approach to writing rather than a rather shy walk around the issue of 'we don't want to bore the player' circle of laziness. The first companion I thought of as mildly interesting grew on me - a little at first, and immensely by the end. Every other companion, regardless of my first impression, eventually became such a strong and interesting character that I was pleased to hear everything they said and see their part in the story.The music is by Josh Whelchel, whom I had encountered over a decade ago in the little-known 'Spirit Engine' series of side-scrolling RPGs. His music then was excellently suited to the them (with over 70 tracks being produced for the first game) and were so catchy, I still have them today. His music in this is drastically different in style, but suits the game to a tee. It perfectly suits the intrigue-filled tale, the very latin-inspired choral musics accompanying the folk music of violins, harps, and flutes to complete its 'medieval Italian' dark fantasy theme. The soundtrack, as well, has about 40 tracks, so it is well worth the price.The art is gorgeous and simple, the backgrounds being splendidly well done, and the characters shown in a sort of cel-shaded manner with a Disney or Dreamworks-like drawing style, in the manner of the classic 2D style. I found the art style refreshing, and it belies the plot's sometimes dark or sinister twists in quite a (pleasantly) jolting manner.As for the story, I won't go into any detail about it as discovering it without spoilers is an excellent way to experience it. The 'blurb' of the game you find in the steam store is sufficient enough to see if it piques your interest, but I assure you the writing is of the highest quality, the story strong from start to finish. I have never found a game which so excellently used the tutorial as a fascinating story hook.Combat is very good, reminiscient of Baldur's Gate, Pillars of Eternity or Dragon Age in that one can switch between up to 3 characters, pause at any time to issue orders, let A.I. control your allies (with customizable priorities for energy usage and when to use their abilities) or just letting yourself manually control each aspect, although I did find myself wanting to manually control my companions more than once on occasion. There is no inventory or buy/sell system, instead customization is done with a very nice and transparent skill tree (for each character) and with ultimate abilites stemming from which Mask you currently have equipped. Multiple masks can be collected for every character and are an important part of mixing and matching.I completed the game on Normal yet still found the combat a meaty challenge, I am rather sure Hard offers an excellent point for replayability (the other point being to completely collect all optional codex entries and masks, for a full-achievement run.) In addition, since different companions can be used at different times in the story, a replay allows you to see the dialogue of other characters in a previously played through segment. For example, I was very surprised that my healer had plenty of dialogue in a segment where I could have had him swapped out for my other characters.All in all, a fantastic game. My leisurely first experience was about 12 hours of game time, I am sure a complete run - or a run on hard mode - would take around 14-16. It is well worth the buy, and is one of my best games I've played in 2016."
76561198075397776,Recommended,459090,28381597,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zadok,"This is a game I found while browsing through the ""Upcoming"" game section.Like many indie games these days, I had little knowledge of what it was, or what it was about.So, I dug around, went to the games website, and watched the trailers and game devs videos, to get a better handle of what it was about.I have to be honest, it caught my attention.So after the long wait for the game to come out, I delved into the world of Masquerada. And I came back pleased.Let's start things positivly.The story, setting, and the characters are well written. There times where I felt happy and actually smiled. Other times, I felt sorrow. RPGames that manage to do this, to me at least, is a rare thing.The cast of characters are memorable. Their personalities is what makes them truely shine. And, the fact that each of the main characters have a past and have flaws, that they eventually overcome them, makes them more believable. Not to mention they're fully voiced.As for the setting, I found myself in new foreign world filled with lore, which players can read at anytime, and locations that have been beautifully made.And I should not forget about the music. MY. LORD. I'd dare say it's ear candy.And now, sadly, the cons.The game doesn't have a save slot feature, just a check point system. You can also pick different chapters, but it's not the same.The battle system is a bit tricky to get. And your compainions' AI, despite being able set different tactics with them, can be a bit wonky. It may be best to manually control them.For such a beautifully made world, you sadly can't fully free roam it. You basically have to fallow a set path and go where the game tells you to go.This game, in my opinon, is a diamond in the rough. While the replay value is somewhat low, and hard core RPGamers may shrug it off or just see the flaws at first glance, this game is like a bed time story. You may have heard it multiple times, but you still wanna hear it from time to time.Don't let this game be forgotten amongist the tide of new games."
76561198051212542,Not Recommended,459090,25792001,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gunslinger.mc,"Really hard to choose between yes and no, but, I guess, for an average gamer that is a no. I did enjoy the game somewhat, but the combat mechanics made me say 'screw it' and put the game aside from now.TLDR: Pros:* Stylish, beautiful, eye candy from the get-go* Original game world, reminding of many things at once (Cadwallon, anyone?)* Solid voice acting* Pretty decent plot, dramatic moments sound pretty realCons:* Walls of text (might be a pro if you're into it)* Learning curve that goes from 'I did nothing and won' to 'I did everything and lost' almost instantly* 'AI' that isn't really intelligent at all and just operates based on (very limited) options that you control (not without a lot of trial and error).More about the cons in detail.TEXT: the investigative nature of the storyline is enforced by 'case notes' and overall thoughts and memos by our character about everything he sees. You don't exactly NEED to read them asap to understand what's going on, but it really helps - without it you lose some immersion and quickly enough go into 'click through the blablah, get to action' mode. Otherwise you get hit with a lot of info all at once.LEARNING CURVE: The game teaches you controls and _one_ basic interaction in combat. Then you get a second character. And a third. And they have abilities. And you don't get enough easy fights to check how they should work or when you should use them. Abilities and upgrades also come with ZERO hints.COMBAT: If you go microcontrolling the combat, the game is pretty much Aarklash Legacy wannabe without the tactical depth, and probably a little too frantic for my liking. I immensely enjoyed AL, and here I more often than not yell in frustration at things the characters do (or refuse to do)."
76561198224464380,Recommended,459090,28189010,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Beez,"Loved this game. The narrative was so rich. Loved collecting and reading every bit of lore.This game has amazing voice acting, a really pleasant art style and awesome characters. Honestly couldn't pick a favourite, loved em all to bits.A thing to note is that this is not a player decision dependent narrative, it's very linear. You kinda tag along on Cicero's journey, a one-track path. You can customise somethings - the element you weild, the abilities you learn etc. But the story is set in stone - not a bad thing btw, the story is great!Really hoping for a sequel to this *crosses fingers*"
76561197996869155,Recommended,459090,30845857,Posted: 30 March,all,Tiny Murder Muffin,"I LOVE THIS GAME.  But, if you're looking for gameplay and combat, look somewhere else.  I'm not going to lie I wanted to like the combat but... it's pretty bad.  I honestly wish the combat was completely turn based with no team AI.  After restarting at the same checkpoint 4 times and repeating the same fights over and over only to get a little farther each time I simply turned the difficulty to 'Story Mode'.  It was well worth it to just forget the frustration of the combat system and dive deep into the rich story and wonderful characters.  The art is amazing, and of course top notch voice acting, the music is also WONDERFUL.  The prologue I didn't understand the reason for and wish they just incorporated the tutorial into the game, it was unecessary.  There were a few puzzles I enjoyed but that could be simply because it was different than just running from point A to point B while gathering collectable in between."
,Recommended,459090,34708831,Posted: 3 September,all,One Winged Thanatos,"Before even considering buying this game you need to understand: This rpg is focused on its story, its lore and its characters, and all of those are really, really good, but it has some flaws on the combat and no freedom to explore (if you play jrpgs like tales of graces or FF XIII ten you know what kind of game this is).If you expect to discover lots of places, fight challenging tactical battles, venture into dungeons with interesting puzzles or even a simple dialogue choice (No multimple endings, no moral choices, no western roleplaying pretty much), you are looking at the wrong game.But if you want a very well told story, with fleshed out characters and tons of well written lore to read in a very intersting world full of intersting concepts and characters, with some decent combat inbetween and a nice soundtrack to accompany it, then you are going to love this."
76561198057402415,Recommended,459090,33387854,Posted: 8 July,all,Mischief-Loki,"I'm only like 1/4 into the game, I imagine, but the story has me hooked. I recommend this game to everyone who loves a complex, deep and definitely narrative-driven game. Yes, there's a lot to read but it helps to shape the beautiful world and lore of Masquerada. The music and the artwork are also a feast for eyes and ears.I've still gotta figure out the best way to get the most out of the combat system, though. I am not the most proficient when it comes to strategic-based combat - which, I am sure, would I follow a strategy it would improve my success rate in combat by a tenfold. I see potential but it's definitely a learning curve."
76561198064537656,Recommended,459090,32911125,Posted: 27 June,all,Spoderman,You better start making sequel for this
76561197985362230,Recommended,459090,25825218,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Grakor,"This game is beautiful. I'm not sure if there is any other word I can use.I wasn't expecting much when I picked this up. I wasn't one of the Kickstarter backers and I hadn't heard of it at all before. But I gave it a try, and I don't regret it at all.Gameplay-wise, Masquerada is a very linear adventure featuring party-based, tactical combat. It's not the best rendition of this by any stretch, but the combat does its job well enough. Characters gain skills and weapon upgrades as they progress through the story. The combat system encourages flanking of enemies and tactical play, though at lower difficulties it can be played more directly with little trouble. Outside of combat, the game is mostly about moving from one story point to the next, while searching for additional lore notes and upgrades scattered across the maps.The game follows Cicero in his investigation of a missing person. That sounds simple enough, but things get a lot more complicated, and tragic, as the game goes on. The story is what really elevates this game over others. Cicero and his friends are all generally good, but deeply flawed, people. The story that follows is as much about them overcoming their personal demons as it is about Cicero's investigation, and this is a good thing as the entire cast are so lovable. This is one of the few RPGs I've played where I can genuinely say I love all of the characters, and watching them overcome the tragic circumstances that befall them was the true drive for me to finish this game.The voice-acting in this game is excellent, which helps keep the story moving.If anyone really wants a good story in an RPG, I'd highly recommend this game. I found myself enthralled and playing it from beginning to end without pause, and that almost never happens to me."
76561198106292207,Recommended,459090,28713143,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,eijolend,"The story this game tells is fantastic. It is a tale about intrigue, sure, but also about tragic loss and finding hope despite the heartless world that is all around.The voice acting is superb and the rich soundtrack really helps to give life to the story.Thegameportion of the experience is just okay and is not enough to carry the game on its own, but in my eyes it is certainly done well enough to be enjoyable for a few hours and to round off the whole package.Don't buy this if you're looking for a strategic game with an intricate combat system. However, if you want a great story with a bit of RPG combat on top this is certainly a great pick!-------Some thoughts: When has this trend started that a linear story is categorically considered a bad feature? Sure, games with lots of choices are a great, but they are just two different variations of the same genre. Of course it is upsetting when you expect one of those things and get the other, but I don't understand how linearity is automatically considered a con."
76561198269248874,Recommended,459090,26469483,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,LilRicki,"I enjoyed this game very much - I mainlined most of it in one weekend because it was like a book I couldn't put down. The art is wonderful, the music is gorgeous, the voice acting is incredible, the world-building is fascinating, and the characters are engaging.As for the mechanics, the game is almost completely linear and very heavy on the ""point and click"" style to get the next bit of story. As a completionist who was more interested in the plot and characters than the gameplay itself, I didn't mind it, but others might chafe at the relative ease with which the various obstacles can be overcome. I had it on ""Normal"" setting, so perhaps it's different with ""Difficult,"" but most of the battles could have been won, I felt, with me simply sitting back and doing nothing, letting the AI (over which I had some control, as far as which skills the party members learned, etc.) take control and win handily.Still, as I said, I was not in it for the challenge, but rather the story and setting. There were parts that had me literally gasping, covering my mouth in shock and sadness, and parts that made me all warm and fuzzy as the characters grew and had more revealed about them. The ending left me hoping that, somehow, a sequel might be made so that I could continue to travel with these characters and discover more about their world.If you are interested in some great interactive storytelling in a unique fantasy setting, I do highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,459090,35209376,Posted: 25 September,all,kogane,"I finished this game yesterday, and I still don't know the words to do it justice, but I'll try my best.Masquerada is an epxerience with very few equals. Transistor and Portal 2 come to mind, because this, too, is a game where everything just comes together and *fits*. It's beautiful, from the backgrounds to the character designs to the phenomenal voice acting to the music; I honestly cannot praise any aspect enough.The battle system is tastical but never grinds to a halt. It's also a vehicle for the world building and so is everything else, because Masquerada never wastes your time. For example, the ""codex entries"" are not written like schoolbook texts. They are written by the main character and it's genius and refreshing. You get information about the world as seen through Cicero's eyes, and get information about him at the same time. I'm actually surprised this hasn't been done more often yet.The world building is dense and everywhere, but never overwhelming (except maybe for the 'prologue', a separately playable tutorial that is thankfully not indicative for the game itself). There is no distraction in the form of sidequests, no long and confusing corridors that eventually lead to a loot chest. Open world games can be fantastic and fun, of course, but the balance between keeping you engaged in the story and distracting you with hundreds of markers on your map is very often a thin line, at least for me.In Masquerada, there's only you and the characters and the story, and once it grabs you by the heart it's very difficult to take a break from it. There are no filler screens, nothing that doesn't further flesh out the world you are exploring or helps you understand what makes the characters tick or where they stand to each other.Speaking of the story: you'll know some of the beats, some will take you by surprise. It's a story about redemption, about found family, about war and loss and coming to terms with your decisions and their consequences. There is death, but the game never crosses over into grimdark territory, never loses that spark of hope and humour. Cicero is now one of my favourite main characters, but honestly, there is not one character I wasn't emotionally invested in by the end, even the villains. They are just that human, that honest and *real*. The excellent voice acting does its part as well.The love of everyone involved in this project shines through in every screen, in every line of dialogue, in every gorgeous musical note, and it's just a joy to experience them.I hope this wasn't too confusing. I'm just still so stroked about having played this game, and looking forward to another run of it!"
76561198135370548,Recommended,459090,26024979,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,h2o_reyes,"To keep this short and to the point, I would wholeheartedly recommend this game.Story- The story that Masquerada brings starts rather slow, but amps up to become a very engaging and satisfying story. The world created  in Masquearada contributes to making the story so great. To truly experience the world and story of Masquerada, I would implore any would-be players to pick up and read every codex entry they find. Than you can thank me later.Characters- You start the main game as Cicero Gavar, an exiled inspettorre who's called back to his home city of Ombre. There he is given the task to search for a missing scholar of the city he once called home. Along the journey you pick up companions, face villains, and meet important figures of the city. I can honestly say that every character I came into contact with was memorable. The voice acting of the characters helps make them so memorable. I can say that i definitely had my favorites, but they were all good. It's been a while since last I played a game where I hated some characters not because they were badly written, but because they had done something ingame that I did not agree with or offended the main character in some way. Slight spoiler: the dual with a figure head of the city was so satisfying... I wanted to bash the guy's head in since the first time he was introduced lol.Gameplay- The gameplay is essentially a linear rpg. You start the game by picking one of four elements to play throughout the game: fire, water, air, or earth. Each element has abilities that allow it to tank, dps, support, and cc, so I would recommend chosing whatever element is your favorite. Along your journey, you pick up companions, one for each of the elements. You chose 2 of them to go on missions with you, and sometimes 1 is a must-go due to story reasons. People complain of the combat, but I found it enjoyable and satisfying. Let me preface this and say that I played on the hardest difficulty. Fights were definitely hard, but they were not impossible. Whenever I found myself taking multiple tries to get past a battle, it was always due to my strategy rather than the game being unfair. The enemies do hit hard, but you cannot just rush in and button mash your way to victory. Placement, comboing abilities, cc'ing enemies, enemy prioritization, reading of enemy tells, and use of pause are all key to beating this game on hard. Once I got the hang of things and realized the flow of combat, I found it to be very enjoyable."
,Recommended,459090,26028325,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Taps,"Saw this at GameStart 2016 and was immediately hooked by the prologue (and the fact that the creative director promised that I'll cry many times in this game). I cried, 3 times, but I won't reveal where. I'm not even much of a sentimentalist but their writer has a way with knowing when to squeeze your tear ducts, punch you in the gut, and choke your trachea.The first half is a little sloggish as there is quite a learning curve in picking up the terminology related to the lore of Ombre. But once I had party members recruited, I was well acquainted by then. I also really enjoy the pacing at which these lores get revealed, so it doesn't feel like an information dump all at once. With that said, I'm the kind of person that can enjoy a wall of text, but not others. I get the feeling that you might miss the immersion if you decide to skip the text though.The second half of the story picks up the pace of the story as you're hit by how much bigger the investigation has become. Many characters will die, and it sucks because through the game you'd actually grow close to them before their untimely demise.I share the grievances of your AI doing some pretty stupid things. This is evident mostly in difficult boss fights where they go ahead and run up to get themselves killed, so micromanagement is necessary when faced with a tough foe. There was also an instance where near the end of the game the program crashes, so I had to restart the entire battle. This is frustrating because everything is only via autosave.However, I do like the simpler skill tree system and equipping with different masks and boosts, as opposed to most RPGs with an inventory system and leveling up. It's different, and takes away some elements of the classic RPGs, but it allows for more of the story to seep through.I'll eventually return to the game to fill up the codex entries. The missing ones are bugging me :P"
,Recommended,459090,34852326,Posted: 9 September,all,zhukeeper,"highly addicting, my roommate judged me while I stayed up to 6am to finish it"
,Recommended,459090,28699221,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hypocrite,"This game is great so far, about 2 hours in. It is linear, but linear does not mean bad. It plays out as a book, or show, with combat. It is focused and has not had slow portions, which are the strengths of linearity.The combat in my opinion is strong. It reminds me of transistor's battle, although more free-flowing. I'm really not sure why the oficial reviews complain about it. It's smart, simple enough to understand, yet still strategic.And of course, it should be obvious the voice acting is stellar.All in all, I feel like this game has an unjust metacritic score, probably based of false expectations. This is not an open world RPG. It's a linear storyline. Rating it badly for that is narrowminded, I feel."
76561198012462699,Recommended,459090,25866413,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,qecobreq,"This is a beautiful game. The art style reminds me of a children's picture book or classic crpgs, but with modern resolution. And the music is equally beautiful, filled with epic choral songs.The writing is every bit as good as the art and music too. This is a unique and very detailed world, with complex social workings and a magic system that revolves around Masks. The story is more intelligent and mature than what you'd expect from a typicall rpg, tackling themes like homosexuality and social inequality.The combat system is simple at first, but once you get  the hang of it, there's a lot of complexity in it. You'll need to position and combo your characters' abilities properly to overcome enemies."
,Recommended,459090,33403291,Posted: 9 July,all,AncienTz,Absolutely stunning in every aspect.
76561198141312600,Recommended,459090,35399542,Posted: 1 October,all,Solanj,"Some of my friends admitted that they had heard of this game but passed it by as 'just another indie RPG'. If you've got the same impression from the game's description, please, hear me - it is anything but! Not 'just another' anything. By no means 'generic'. And not even an RPG (well, not what we usually call 'RPG'). And though it is (kind of) indie, it has basically none of the flaws usually associated with this tag. It is beautiful. It is polished. It has amazing soundtrack and VA (it is fully voiced, by the way).So, about what it actually is.Witching Hour Studio did what I was hoping to see for a good long while. They approached the game itself as a mean to tell the story instead of way-to-popular approach: using the story to keep player from closing the game. It seems like a minor difference, but in fact it changes everything.It is a story, in the first place. Beautiful, strong and completely linear narrative. And in this case I with no doubt put linearity as a 'pro'. Because not a once had I seen non-linear plot and choice-driven dialogs written at the level of a good book. Choices and branches simply put too many boundaries on the writers and the industry still has to learn to come over them.Well, with 'Masquerada' developers decided that they want to tell a story and got rid of everything that got in the way. And oh, they did it splendidly! Everything that works towards immersing player in the world, everything that amplifies emotional impact is refined to the point of perfection. Everything else is toned down and done well enough to neither distract nor cause any annoyance (well, save for companion's AI and checkpoint system. They actually CAN be annoying at times. Nothing too bad, though).I guess, it is quite obvious by now, that I absolutely LOVE this game.It is like all my prayers being answered:strong, entralling story with just the right measure of tragedy and comfort, despair and hope. It is way more, than I expected and way better than I can express. I'm sure to replay it more than once, just like I do re-read my favourite books.beautiful, unique and very stylish world. Worldbuilding is fantastic. Society, (not)-religion (oh, how I love the way it is portrayed here! Most certainly not your generic Christianity/Greek mythology rip-off. And one of the most beautiful set of charnel traditions I've ever seen), politics and history, magic system - everything is beautiful and well-thought, everything fits together perfectly and contributes to the story. I highly advise reading all the Codex entries right upon finding them. Though, I think, the advice is unnecessary because of how wonderful the Codex itself is. It is not some paragraphs from schoolbook. No, instead it is protagonists' personal journal. It contains all sort of things: cold facts, dear memories, bits of philosophy, thoughts of things long gone and events now present.wonderful, flawed, struggling, developing and very, veryalivecharacters. I loved them all. Their and their relationships' growth is absolutely believable and very touching (or, at times, heartbreaking). I've never acknowledged how forced and unnatural these things are in most AAA projects, till I played Masquerada. I've just thought something like 'well, games, genre, all the restrictions, you just can't expect book's level interactions here'. Now I know for certain - it can be done! And if choices need to be removed for this to happen - I personally am glad to send choices to hell.Actually, this is already enough for me to like the game, but there is more:charming visuals. Living proof that you don't need bordering-real-life 3D (and cutting-edge graphics card for your players) to make the game truly beautiful and appealing. Animated comic-book styled cutscenes are also clever move, adding to overall impression.fantastic soundtrack. Orchestra and choir and even in-game songs. The music is amazing by itself, but given it's match to the world's style and specifics of the world's traditions... I lack the words to express it. Just listen.superb voice acting. Dialogs are fully and wonderfully voiced, I feel that it added so much to the characters' depth and overall perception.Cicero Gavar. I know, I've said about characters earlier, but he deserves personal mention. Easily my favourite game protagonist and one of the best across other mediums.Now I need to stop with exaltation and say something about gameplay.Personally I found it quite nice and entertaining. I've played on Storymode, though, so my opinion may be not the most worthy one.Combat is real-time with tactical pause, you've certainly seen enough of the kind. Two companions at one time, fallen party member can be resurrected right during the battle if you manage to channel long enough. Battles overall are fast-paced, positioning is quite important, skills are fun, varied and look nice. Some combos, if you manage skills carefully. No stats, no loot, no inventory, no grinding. Skill points are awarded for plot battles. You can choose an element near the beginning of the game, it defines available skills. Skills can be enhanced through not-very-big skill trees and easily respecked since certain point in the game. You can find new Mascherines on the locations, these will provide you with different ultimate abilities. Also you can find inks and engravings which will provide some additional benefits. That's about it.At Storymode combat obviously was pretty easy, I had no need to actually setup party behaviour (there are some options that may be usefull on higher difficulties) or micro-manage the party, save for couple of battles, where companions were adamant about entering every single AoE (and there are quite a lot of AoEs!). On higher dificulties those suicidal tendencies may become annoying, I guess.I like so much how carefully every combat mechanics is woven into lore. It is a small touch, but it is so nice to feel during the combat that you are actuallyinthis world, adhering to its rules, feeling how your actionsfit.Exploration is pretty straightforward: you see glowing circle - you go to it. Some are at open sight, to find others you'll need to do some walking around, but nothing too long or complicated. Personally I like this approach, since I still have nightmares about Deep Roads and endless doors and chests with nothing of interest (and my interest is lore) inside. Some can find it too easy and obvious - well, you've been warned.I also like how the tutorial is done - it is short story serving as a prequel to the main game. And even in tutorial you get lore, emotions and drama - to get you prepared for what awaits you in the main story.My review turned out to be an ominous wall of text, so TL;DR.Pros:+ Story+ Characters (all of them and specifically protagonist)+ Worldbuilding+ Visuals+Soundtrack+ Voice acting+ Lots of well-written text in Codex+/-  Linearity and pretty lightweight gameplay (I think it is for the best, but some may disagree)- Companions AI- No manual saves.*If you are not well accustomed to high fantasy genre you may at first find yourself drowning in lots of Italian-esque terms. Brace yourself. It won't last long, though. Lore is given to you in thoughtful way, so after the first impact it won't be overwhelming. I am fan of the genre and had no troubles here, but I see how it may become an issue.'Masquerada' is beautiful, breathtaking and heartbreaking story with uforgettable, flawed, growing and alive characters set in unique and amazingly well-thought world. Visuals, VA and wonderful soundtrack greatly add to the experience, and nothing detract from it. Gameplay is solid even if not the deepest one. Unfortunately almost unseen game, acting outside customary boundaries (which makes it hard to determine it's genre - certainly not what is usually expected from the western RPG) and doing it splendidly."
76561198011763197,Recommended,459090,34683887,Posted: 2 September,all,Vezax,"Great game, played from start to finish in one sitting!"
76561198025121230,Recommended,459090,29587175,Posted: 30 January,all,ravensilvers,"+ The art style, music and voice acting are really good; the music was absolutely gorgeous+ Story takes time to develop, but it's worth the patience+ The voice acting is really good especially in the second half, when Cicero gets to play off another strong VA- Walls of text everywhere. Appreciate the effort in establishing a lore ASAP, but that really needed more space and 'breathing room'- Characters lack personality at the start, and the plot/story progression is occassionally obvious and drags on. But get past the first half of the game and it'll pay off- The combat system is a more complicated than it needs to be and the learning curve is a bit steep at the start, but sticking to the basics was good enough for me"
,Recommended,459090,26189574,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[asc] Lionheart2477,"I thoroughly enjoy the game, yet to finish it but I feel that there are several points throughout that make it shine. First is the Voice Cast, which, not gonna lie, is why I bought it, I am a fan of Matt Mercer's work and discoved the game through the Live action Trailer he starred in. second is the story, one of shadow, intrigue, and the inner workings of a corrupt citte and show the lights in the darkness that refuse to be dowsed, as well as those who gave in. the gameply is reminiscient of Dragon age (I notice this more as I am currently playing that as well) which is not a bad thing as it is a very tactical system. the mascherine and magic system make for a beautiful addition to the game."
76561198002004287,Recommended,459090,25967249,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,=f(x),"At first I didn't understand what was going on and how the combat was meant to be played. But a few hours in, I lost track of time completely. The gameplay became more and more addictive as I gathered new spells and party members, and the fights became more intense as I refined my tactics. Found myself clenching my buttcheeks during the major boss fights.During the course of the game, you are forced to play with party members not in your A-team, posing new strategic questions. All the while the story pummels you with catastrophe after catastrophe. My internal monologue was filled with battle cries like “get out of my way, you sycophants!” or “oh no you didn’t!”. The soundtrack was immersive, haunting, and the animation was just sublime.This is one of those games you must complete to see the full picture. Near the end, while some things still didn’t make sense to me, the battles became so tightly woven with the story that I didn’t care. There were gut-punches that shocked me and made me uncomfortable with how the characters were behaving, but at the end, for all his flaws, I identified with Cicero – a try-hard who just never wins."
76561198129219993,Recommended,459090,29198536,Posted: 11 January,all,introspecticskeptic,"The good: Wonderful story, well thought-out characters that feel organic and believable, a beautiful city filled with lore and a deep history that you could spend an entire week studying and understanding, unique but memorable art style, and thoughtful analysis on themes of death, guilt, identity, and purpose.The bad: simplistic play-style that feels ripped from Dragon Age, a few wonky voice lines that sounded canned, a few immersion-breaking clipping issues, no way to rotate the battle field during the tactical pause screen, a lot of very painful emotional twists that exist to ""break the cutie"".All in all, a very solid 7/10, with a wonderful voice cast that really sold the characters, a mature approach to sexuality and it's consequences both good and bad, and how our choices influence both our past and our future.  Definetly worth the 25 for the base game, because if you're a completionist you'll need a play run or two to find the nearly 200 (maybe even 250) codecies, items, upgrades, and conversations!"
,Recommended,459090,29201472,Posted: 12 January,all,Morganzephyr999,"Thank you for making this game! I've been thinking about it ever since I finished my first playthrough! I love the characters, the art, the soundtrack, the gameplay, and I can't wait for more content from you guys here in Singapore!!"
76561198012785627,Recommended,459090,29288644,Posted: 15 January,all,Lambach Ruthven,"One of the best stories in an indie game that I've ever experienced. The voice acting is excellent and the plot in engrossing. The amount of lore and back story is amazing.The gameplay is fun and fast paced. It is real time with tactical pause. The difficulty setting allows you to adjust the challenge level of the game.The art is top notch. The environments beautifully drawn. The story together with all of the lore items emerse you in this strange new wonderous world. The music is evocative and beautifully scored.The story is very linear, but that's really not a negative. It allows you to follow the story without unnecessary distractions.This is a 5 star indie game."
76561197988745032,Recommended,459090,26458402,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,IvoryAlchemist,"My only complaint about this game is that there isn't more of it for me to play.Over the course of the game I grew so attached to the characters and the world that I wasn't quite ready to leave it at the end. The characters are extremely well written and acted. The world is well thought out and executed. I found the idea of masks being the basis for a magic system as a really cool concept. It's an exceptionally beautiful game with a soundtrack to match.TLDR: It's a fun, pretty game. You should play it."
76561198038779629,Recommended,459090,26466427,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cpt Apathy,"Matthew Mercer, voice acting...I don't believe any game has quite gripped me so instantly, the intro throws you into the action straight away, more games need to use their trailer as an intro. Music is wonderful, and it should be as there is a lot of emphasis in the lore on 'songs'. it's a bit jarring suddenly seeing words like 'songs' and 'ages' used as exclamatives.One of the best things beyond Matthew Mercer is the journel entries, a fair amount are written in first person especially character entries, one sticks out in my mind in particular,(no spoilers) of a scholar character that helped the main character, Matthew Mercer, pass a test. gameplay is very similar to other isometic indie games like bastion although the selecting of enemies can be slightly annoying as their selection base can be difficult to accurately find.Does team RTS refreshingly well.Have I mentioned Matthew Mercer is the main character. rolled a nat 15/20."
76561198006676463,Recommended,459090,26041086,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,uh60donjr,"***There are no spoilers; only a full review of what I took from this game. ***I do recommend this game. The 16.4 hours is what it took to complete it. But honestly I approve this purchase only for the quality voice acting and storyline put together in a graphic audiobook format. The gameplay, on the other hand is severly lacking.The voice actors I was already fans of.  Brought from both the Geek & Sundry (how I found out about this game) and Nerdist websites the actors give depth to the characters to build the connection throughout.  If you are looking for a decent written story set in a graphic novel theme you will come to the right place...But if you are looking for a game similar to a Dragon Age or Mass Effect...disappointment will follow you.The art is beautiful. Designers took time making the city this takes place in. Its definately fantasy by nature and beautiful nonetheless.Don't expect to explore it though. This game is STRICTLY linear in a isometric POV. One path to follow (albeit one section deviates from this) from beginning to end. There is no interaction with the environment, except buckets of fruit you can kick around. Principle charcters are set to move the game forward. All the other NPCs are there for show. Some will have bubbles over their head in conversations with others talking about what's going on and you will have to stop your running (there is no walk) to read these bubbles which will distract from the play because they will go on for a bit. Safe to ignore unless your goal is to read everything......because that in itself is a chore.PREPARE TO READ A LOT. Codexes for backstory and history, characters, settings. Almost everything has a codex, set in a way that is so distracting from what you were doing that you might forget what you were doing before you decided to read the entry (some are extensive in text).  Except for the character codexes I pretty much ignored the rest of it, but you might get upset if you don't get all of them. They sit in the path so easily seen (for the most part),  I honestly wondered how I missed a few (which also ruins an achievement). The codexes are designed to enrich the story, but it becomes very tedious and doesn't effect the current events because......the story is already written for you.  There are times in the dialogue where there are choices present (making you wonder in a Dragon Age sort of way if I choose this what will happen) but in this reality only one choice exists and the other...is why there are checkpoints. So there are no player choices to worry about. Whatever control scheme you choose just button mash to glory (with some battle strategy mixed in) because even though there are skill trees and inks and such all the characters and all the skills really do the same thing:  to get you moving with the story (the difficuly does spike at times making the use of ill-placed checkpoints and restarts a chore but trial-and-error will rue the day).  Speaking of spoken dialogue...they are ALL TEXT-BOXES. I found myself closing my eyes and listening or lowering the scale of the GUI because they were so distracting. Reading along to spoken texts is OK when its paced right. This isn't that. I found I sped up the dialogue in places because I read faster than they did (which I think ruins other achievements as well).  But the character animation is also these boxes (which they did a real good job with the sync), so having an option to remove these from play removes a lot of design (and so the option doesn't exist).The music reminded me of 2 things...1. Final Fantasy where the music never stops and doesn't match the situation (most of the time) and 2. That Knight Rider made-for-TV  movie with the mall chase scene where this calming soothing music existed instead of exciting get-you-pumped music (to this day I still wonder why).  I turned off the music because I found it distracring but then turned it on because silence during scenes needing music is even more distracting.With all this you could be asking yourself ""he's recommending this?"" The combat isn't satisfying. The lack of environment depth (you will feel compeled to roam and be saddened with the waste of time). The tedious reading and visual distractions that take you away from the story and gameplay...But the story IS awesome. The dialogue and the voice acting DO bring to life this story. You will laugh. You may tear a little. You will feel connected even if the try of backstory and history is forced.  If you are anywhere familiar with the voice actors you will smile with the knowing ""it was her"" or ""that was amazing"".There is minimal replayability. If you are a completionist and didn't get all the achievements the first time you may go back but for as rail-linear as it is and all the chapters to choose from, getting those last few codexes isn't worth the extra time IMO. Even though it crashed on me twice near the end (restarting the game fixed both) I felt satisfied and not-at-all cheated. I adjusted how I played and thought less comparing it to another game I was used to.Is it worth the price? I paid $25. For the quality acting and artwork it is.  But with the lack of player involvement in the direction (think any game where it shows you a button to press to survive peril) of the game, it would probably sell better as a graphic audiobook.There is no surprise why the file size is so big. There are a ton of voices and its visually appealing.But, unless the story plot draws a hectic situation, there really isn't a sense of dread or peril to rush for anything from a player standpoint. It is a very-elaborate storytelling game.I don't regret buying this....(The quality is there. It just could have been so much more.)...but you might."
76561198073540432,Recommended,459090,29211216,Posted: 12 January,all,tubagal13,"When I picked up this game during the end-of-year Steam sale, I didn't have the highest of expectations. I was hoping for a bit of a diversion, really just something to occupy my time in between job searches and other video games.I was not at all expecting to be absolutely /touched/ by this game, its world and its characters, and to end up staying up until 4 in the morning trying to reach the endgame. The world of Masquerada is intricate and beautifully, thoughtfully realized, and every time I played I found something new to enjoy about it. The plot, too, takes innumerable twists and turns, yet you never get lost, just staying hooked as the mystery of Razitof Azrus's disappearance takes your main character, Cicero Gavar, deeper and deeper into the core of his society.But the characters are the real heart and soul of this story. From Tiziana learning forgiveness, to Cicero confronting his past, to Kalden bravely revealing his true self to a society that has forced him to stay hidden, every character undergrows stunning growth throughout the course of the game, contributing to an overall positive message that mutual support and acceptance is desperately needed in order to make a better world. This is truly a diverse cast of characters, with multiple races, disabilities, and sexualities being presented in a positive light, and yet it never comes off as tokenism. Most importantly, the characters are allowed to be human, to make mistakes and to struggle, and I'm hard-pressed to think of another story that accomplishes this so effectively.Well, well worth the $20 I spent, and I am anxiously hoping to hear news of a sequel. Those who enjoy well-told stories will not be disappointed with this game."
76561198008588975,Recommended,459090,25836474,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RedTrevius,"A beautiful game, with some great lore and a great story. The art design and OST are outstanding, with fully voced dialoges. It transmits a FFT vibe (with a radically different gameplay), maybe because of the setting and all that political intrigue.The gameplay is nice, but man, it has a steep learning curve, prepare to die a lot. And then you'll realize this game has one major flaw: you can't manually save. There's an evil autosave feature that will make you repeat some difficult chained fights again and again when you could just have saved between fights. ♥♥♥♥ you autosave, I hate you.PROS:-Art design-OST-Rich and engaging lore and story-Cool characters-Difficult fights (this can become a con because of thar autosave)CONS:-No manual saving. I hope you rot in hell, autosave-Party AI can be... obscure-Difficult CHAINED fightsFully reccomend it, hope they fix me some manual saving."
,Recommended,459090,29352839,Posted: 19 January,all,KIRKWALL MAN NO,"Absolutely stunning game. I hadn't really known what to expect when going in; all I knew was that there were masks, political upset, and powers. I'd expected a passing fancy that I'd play once, and then totally forget about.Man, I have never been to happy to be wrong before.Immediately upon starting the game, I was in love. Even just sitting at the title screen, you're presented with vibrant, luscious artwork, and absolutely beautiful music. No lie, I ended up sitting there for about five or six straight minutes just listening as I tried to settle on a name for my save file. It gave me high expectations for the actual meat of the game, and I was not disappointed in the least. The world it's set in is beautiful and intricate, colorful and lively and a very welcome change from the grimdark palette most games I've played have been taking. The settings are done in an almost painterly style, full of life and detail and which never get boring to look at. Even background characters add to it, with ambient dialogue ranging from easter eggs to snide comments about your character to the unlucky life of a shiv. It's hilarious and engaging, and I found myself wandering back and forth quite often, to make sure I didn't miss anything.The story is fascinating; you start off searching for a missing person, and uncover secrets that threaten to shake the very foundations of society. I described it to my friend, the one who convinced me to get the game, as ""everything happens so much"", and I stand by that statement: much in the way that all good stories do, the stakes keep rising and rising until it feels like they can't anymore, at which point they keep going. It made for a very tense, exciting playthrough, and even replaying it now I'm noticing things that I missed the first time around.As much as I love the story itself, it's the characters that seal the deal for me. They aren't just cardboard cutouts for the player to paste themselves into; these are fully realized beings with complicated pasts and personalities, and they are so, so flawed. They're allowed to be human, instead of paragons of perfection, and so I was almost immediately invested in their stories and what was happening to them. Not to mention, their interactions and the way their relationships develop is so natural and organic, it's endearing to see happen and absolutely had me hungering for more.Also, the cast absolutely knocked it out of the park with these roles. Matt Mercer is a fantastic actor anyway, but his portrayal of Cicero was incredible here. Jennifer Hale is a force to be reckoned with, of course; I'm honestly starting to think the way she played Lucia may be becoming my favorite of all her roles. And I don't think I knew much of Rick Wasserman before this game, but the way he lent his voice to Kalden was absolutely heartbreaking and amazing. Absolutely outstanding. And those are only a few names.I've noticed a few folks complaining about how linear the game is; personally, I appreciate it a lot. It's so easy to get lost with an open world, and to forget the track of the story. I think I put over 100 hours into a (different) game before I remembered I was supposed to be working toward a goal; linear gameplay works incredibly well for this game, because the sense of urgency and foreboding is ever present and looming. If world exploration is your argument, the game provides by way of codices you can find, that both enlighten and enrich the setting and reasonings for why things are the way they are. They're unobtrusive and don't distract from the story, and can be read at your own convenience.Honestly, I could gush forever about this game, but I think this covers most of it. There is not a single thing I don't love about Masquerada: from the color, to the setting, to the sounds, to the characters, everything was done so carefully and precisely that you can feel all the love and care they put into this game. I've been listening to the soundtrack nonstop for the last week, it's that good. I simply cannot wait for a second game; hopefully this time I'll know about the kickstarter before it's too late so I can help to support a brilliant studio."
,Recommended,459090,29532393,Posted: 27 January,all,Charmemes,"In an era of fast-paced multiplayer online games, this indie RPG reads like a love letter to story driven single-player experiences we love. Witching Hour studios' hard work shines through in the beautiful graphics and the lore crafted in this rich world of culture and politics, with characters that leap off the screen in polished voice-acting (one whom is LGBT+), and wonderfully composed music. For those who want a gripping story set in a fantasy world of songs and shadows, I would highly recommend this game."
76561198013328690,Recommended,459090,29408736,Posted: 21 January,all,rasabt,"Going into Masquerada i didn't expect much and got quite a surprise.Thinking this is some sort of Baldurs Gate/ Pillars of Eternity-clone is kinda wrong:yes combat mechanics are similiar (in a good way), but Masquerade is first and foremost a story told.The focus of the game is fully on the characters and the tale the game tells. There's still some minor char-development in the form of small skill-tress and a handfull of ""gear""-choices (inks, masks, etc.) but none of this is in anyway even close to what old IE games or the fantastic new Obsidian games (Pillars, Tyranny) offer.Combat works just like you would expect: realtime with the option to pause and issue commands for your up to three-man(woman) team...yet again it's all very toned down from classical rpgs.Which doesn't mean combat is bad; there are actualy some realy engaging mechanics and encounters to find here; positioning and interupting aswell as skill-synergies do play quite a role in higher difficulties and seeing everything work together is quite a joy. It's just nowhere near as complex as BG/IWD or Pillars/Tyranny.What realy shines is the story. There's so much dialogue, character interactions, lore and plot to be found that it sometimes even outshines older classics; all set in an quite interesting ""fresh"" feeling scenario.What begins as a mere criminial-investigation turns into so much more; you see characters grow, change and develope. A lot of the content is definitly focused on more mature players (which is a good thing) and rarely feels forced (which is a quite a feat seeing as how some rather ""spicy"" topics are touched upon).The amazing(!) soundtrack, great voice-acting and beautiful art-style do the rest and make this one the most enjoyable story-driven-games i played in along time. Missing an open world, side-quests and gear-hunting is not a negative in this inctance since the the flow of the story is never broken, never a moment where you feel you missed some bland-side quest before you can progress the main-plot.I realy do hope they expand on this IP, especialy now that the base-lore has been laid out.I can fully recommend this game to anyone (not just rpg-fans) who likes to enjoy a rather deep story-ride."
76561198030685604,Not Recommended,459090,32299628,Posted: 9 June,all,Marr,"The bloated combat mechanics and lack of micro-management options killed this game for me.While Masquerada boasts excellent voice acting, a unique game world and a solid visual style, the core gameplay made my experience impossible to enjoy. The combat simply doesn't know what it wants to be. Stances feel as though they do next to nothing. The control you have over character AI is far too limited and clunky, meaning keeping party members alive is an arduous task.The lore is also a little on the thick side. It throws you right in the deep end, which wouldn't be so bad in itself if it weren't for the fact that you are bombarded with a lot of psuedo-venitian terminology right from the get go. Codexes offer some help, but the game quickly ends up in 'wall of text' territory.I went into Masquerada hoping for a fresh new RPG experience with interesting combat and magic, but ultimately came away disappointed."
76561198332340667,Recommended,459090,34675363,Posted: 1 September,all,HPGamer44,For some reason it wont let me create my profile. I can type my name but it doesnt let me do anything else. I am sure it is an amazing game though. Hopefully this bug will get fixed soon.
,Recommended,459090,29131948,Posted: 8 January,all,Tauunden,Normally I don't overly enjoy linear games but this one is a must have for RPG fans.Namely it offers:A very dynamic and fun tactical battle systemFantastic StoryBeautiful ArtworkFantastic SoundtrackAfter some thought I think that a story like this needs to be linear -- I don't think it would carry the same weight if it were an different. Very satisfied and looking forward to a seqel!
76561198106230232,Recommended,459090,25840913,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,[Pug]Boomlover,Well what can i say what hasnt been said really?  Well besides the fact the the main character is voiced by a guy i know and it kinda ruined it for me but oh well. The game is like magic combined with venice abosutly ♥♥♥♥ing amazing story as we all know . All in all its a good game but the ai does need some fixing.
76561198067361173,Recommended,459090,25984840,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Yinello,"If you are looking for a game with a story that really immerses you and characters you wish you could actually meet in real life, Masquerada is superb. Not often do I find myself browsing the internet looking for like-minded people that I can discuss theories with after playing a game. I'm actually upset that there isn't already a group of people launching fanart and fiction for this game.The game isn't perfect with its most glaring flaw being the AI in combat. if you only enjoy games for combat, you will find very little joy here.If Witching Hour ever decides on a sequel, I'll be the first in line."
76561198054854159,Recommended,459090,28197044,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,gorlady,"Amazing story, well-written and extremely well voice acted. Looking forward to future installments!"
76561198034897605,Recommended,459090,26230241,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,GrnShttrdLyte,Excellent story!
76561198002664724,Recommended,459090,33480348,Posted: 12 July,all,De Wafls,BEST GAME
76561198142436993,Not Recommended,459090,25808188,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Morigrim,"Well if your companion doesn't die in tutorial the game bugs out on the commands which isn't helpful at all.Was asked to update by comments so have the following update below.Fair point about updating this review, however I also have found that throughout the game cut scenes some times just pop up as a black screen etc. And have had random game crashes. So on that side of things not impressed. On the the game and theme I'm very impressed and have enjoyed it immensely. Find not being able to change MC element without replaying whole game a painStill not sure I should recommend it with the bug issues still present though...."
76561198063240013,Recommended,459090,25790238,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Atlas Siidim,"Pros!Gorgeous art styleFun combatInteresting storylineGood charactersGreat soundtrackCons!Prologue/tutorial is mandatoryNo save system, works on autosavesDoesn't feel like much an RPG due to a lack of choices, inventory and the like.Overall, it's a solid game so far and I can't wait to see more."
76561197970929179,Recommended,459090,25793607,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Brjyndrrwuulf,"The voice acting is excellent , a standout example by far of what other titles out there should aspire to , utterly brilliant a real credit to the Video Games genre ."
76561198219056015,Not Recommended,459090,26069872,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,joyvgh,Keeps freezing about 30 minutes into the main story and I have to force quit and try the chapter from the beginning. Still haven't made it to the pale isle.
76561198003036772,Not Recommended,459090,25793530,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sloul,"Strictly linearNo branchingNo dialoguetags: RPG, hugh,butthurt, refund"
76561197973285470,Recommended,459090,26281806,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sten,"Excellent gameplay, good story and amazing voice acting."
76561198008768330,Recommended,459090,27660366,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nytram,"I kept an eye out for this game when Matthew Mercer (voice of Cicero) talked about it multiple times on Critical Role. I'm a big fan of isometric rpgs and the setting plus voice acting talent had me intrigued.It's a great story driven game but it does lack the freedom and sidequests often associated with the genre. I thoroughly enjoyed my playthrough but found it a little too easy even on it's hardest difficulty.The minimal customization and lack of player choice definitely effects the games replayability so don't expect to play this for hours upon hours like the Baldur's Gate series or Pillars of Eternity.That being said, the story and world are captivating, the voice acting is top notch and the gameplay is tactical and fun.I hope for and look forward to future releases!"
,Recommended,459090,27153021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ｇ　Ｈ　Ｌ　Ｏ　Ａ　Ｄ,Going through the lore section is an odd speedbump in the game's pacing and the constraints of the budget clearly show in how linear it is. But you've gotta love something that's as comitted to its theme and story as Masquerada. Game's good. Get it. Listen in on random conversations. Read a bunch. Get wiped because you messed with the party AI again.
76561198036024297,Recommended,459090,26758825,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ishkalafufu,"AMAZING story and voice-over.Combat might be a bit tricky for those not used to tactical pause-and-play rpg/strategy gaming.You need to pause quite a bit and move your characters away from red-colored damage areas if you don't want your party to get ""wiped"".Have I said that the story and voice-over was amazing yet? Because yes, it REALLY was. In some scenes I was literally in tears. I was like ""WTH?!"" Why are cartoony pictures and voice-over acting/dialogue affecting me so much?! So yeah.. the script was that good."
,Recommended,459090,28135140,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Avaclon,"This was a very surprise gem I found.  There wasn't much advertisement, and one day just ran across it on bottom of some random Steam recommendation.  At first I was thinking it would like some small minor game, but when I started playing, I realize this was a very high quality game.  The world is very imaginative, lore, and excellent voice acting and story.  It reminds me of a combination of Avatar: The Last Airbender, plus Saint Seiya combine with Phantom of the Opera and Victorian style novel.I beat the whole thing in story mode to enjoy the story, and it was very entertaining from beginning to end.  The great story and voice acting really brings many things to life vividly.  Overall, highly recommended!"
76561198024706112,Recommended,459090,28848628,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Positive Vibration,"1. You'll start off being surprised by what seemed like a superficial low budget jrpg game2. You'll realize the soundtrack is gorgeous while alt-tabbing and having it fill your room with angelic sounds3. You'll start to adore the visuals, which are vibrant and bring life to a beautiful universe4. You'll then be drawn in by the story, masterfully written, with many dark aspects to an otherwise seemingly colorful world5. You'll then start to care about the characters, each multidimensional, driven by multiple motivations6. You'll be on the edge of your seat, either shocked with disbelief, or full with emotion, throughout the story7. You'll feel sad when you realize the game is over, but happy that you got to play such a gem of a gameSound 9,5/10Story 9,5/10Visuals 9,5/10Gameplay 9/10"
,Recommended,459090,28858962,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lady Mab,"Hot dog this game was amazing. I fell in love because of the soundtrack and the cast, but the more I learned about it (both about the game itself and within the game), I knew I would not be able to put it down! Court intrigue with a stellar cast of characters and a rich and vibrant world -- with loads of lore and details about the history of the city and her surrounding cultures."
76561198020456691,Recommended,459090,28922648,Posted: 1 January,all,vos,"great setting, epic story, lovely characters. combat mechanics drop off towards the last 80% of the game but for a masterclass in character development and world-building, look no further."
,Recommended,459090,28979963,Posted: 3 January,all,Sylien,"This game is worth your time. It's only around 18 hours long, but it has a compelling story, interesting characters, a wonderful world that you get to understand as you play, without really having to go and read all the codex about it, which is also an option, if you want it. The entire thing is voice acted, save for atmospheric background talk.The game draws a lot of inspiration from JRPG's, but does something completely new with it. And the world is based on 14th century Venice, which I would say isn't something you see often, as a fantasy setting, so for that alone I would recommend it.And it's bloody beautiful too."
,Recommended,459090,28947967,Posted: 2 January,all,QUEEN SCHADENFREUDE,"Masquerada is absolutely wonderful - so much so I actually bought the game five times, once for myself, another for a friend, and three times for a few complete strangers out of wanting to share the game with others that badly.To start, the game's aesthetic is gorgeous. The environments and character designs are like some magical Venetian fever dream. It's all so beautifully crafted and nothing seems out of place; everything feels like it belongs and makes the settings and characters feel whole and real.Adding to that, the writing is amazing! Each character has their own believable, multi-dimensional personality, motives, and story. I got attached to several of the characters VERY easily - even the antagonistic characters are sympathetic.The combat system is fun once you get a feel for it, like any other game it will take a few battles before you get the hang of it. Luckily the game starts you out in simple battles and builds up to skills and tactics later on.The soundtrack for the game is also phenominal. I've taken to playing the soundtrack while working a lot.  Ontop of that the voice acting is tops. They couldn't have found a better cast.Overall the game has become one of my favorites, and I've told everyone I know who might be interested in the game about it in hopes that it'll get more attention."
76561198053065847,Recommended,459090,29160131,Posted: 10 January,all,darcia.as,"Masquerada is really one of the best games I've ever played.First, it has colourful and unusual world, built through narrative and codex entries. And it's the first game where I read all these entries! They are really interesting and well written.Characters are great, they feel alive, with their own personalities and psychological problems. Their storylines are tied organically into the story and are as beautiful as they are heartbreaking.The story itself is outstanding with quite a few unexpected turns.The only problem I had as non-native speaker was with dialogues going too fast and no way to slow them down or pause in process.In the beginning I thought that inability to make any choice will spoil the experience, but I forgot all about it barely a half-hour into the game. The story is perfect the way it is."
