user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198082965612,Not Recommended,459310,22312705,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Barley,"This was very disappointing since I did like some of the previous games.This is probably the preachiest of the lot, which is saying something, considering how the author seems utterly incapable of writing about societal issues in a non-hamfisted way. The entire game is full of clumsily written speeches that feels more like they're coming from the author than the characters themselves.A huge focus in this game is discrimination, which I thought would be interesting. But instead of being shown instances of the discrimination our PC apparently faces we're just sort of told it exists. According to the author we're obviously supposed to care about it, and you don't really have much of a choice.If you choose to be uninterested in politics and instead focus on your sister (who is DYING by the way) you're almost punished and berated by the game, which is absurd. The author also seems to hold a bit of a grudge against certain characters, like the character Griffin (who's a RO!) whose only crime as far as I know is that he enjoys a bit of attention and isn't very bright.The author really needs to begin distancing themselves a bit from what they're writing because it's not doing them any favours. There's nothing wrong with having social commentary in your game. But author, if you're reading this, please try taking a step back in your next games and let the characters and world speak for itself. It's jarring to feel judged for your choices by the author in a game that's supposedly built on choices."
76561198064883394,Not Recommended,459310,22312165,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,alan_xain,"I liked the first three stories of the hero project a lot. I had high hopes this would be of similar take. So I will just list a few things here in the likes and dislikes to avoid spoilers and other fun stuff.Likes:*The characters, far more diversed this time around.*Anything with you doing hero work proverbially.Dislikes:*When you aren't doing hero things, story drags and gets a little to hung up on political way to much for my taste.*Felt rushed and then incomplete. I know this is the first of the new set, but I was left more going okay, then I enjoyed it like the first three.*The lack of connection to characters, while there are a ton of interesting you never really interact at all in the story. Felt the connections were stronger in the first three.* Another area where stats are built like money and serve no purpose, I want to see it matter.So I will stop there, this isn't a bad game, it just feels weaker then the others. I will likely buy the sequel to this just to see if it picks up. I will only recommend this to fans who enjoyed the series and want to see it start fresh with a slightly new outlook. Otherwise I would say skip this until the second story is out and buy them in a cheap set."
76561197998654958,Not Recommended,459310,22354782,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Faith,"I've been a huge fan of all the other games by this author, so I'm a bit disappointed to have to say.. I didn't like this one. The game doesn't make me feel like the main character as much as just being an excuse to have to read very preachy thinly veiled propaganda over and over again. The second interlude felt extremely artificial for instance. i've racked up a lot of hours in this game simply because I couldn't do more than a few pages at a time before needing a break from it, and left it running while tabbing out.i believe the creator will salvage it, this is more a prologue for the actual story I hope.. But compared to the other Heroes games and the Versus game.. this is really weak. On it's own, I would never recommend it. Hopefully the next part makes it all worth it."
,Not Recommended,459310,22365049,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cajeb,This game is way too preachy. Do anything that the author doesn't agree with and be prepared to read paragraphs of condemnation about how you are contributing to a system of oppression.
,Not Recommended,459310,22334223,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,potouto,"I want to love the game, I really do since I have been hyping about it from day one. Sad to hear, but I'll continue to support the series no matter what. I have been following the game since the first day so to say that the game is a bit of a disappointment is an understatement. I like it of course, excited to see the next part but let's me just say, the game feels really disconnected somehow. I still love it though, would look forward to see more stories from the author but this is just not my favourite installment in Heroes Rise world.The game on Steam version seems to work fine, albeit a few glitch then and there but the game for iOS version seems to have the stat screen frozen which is pretty much uh? I paid most of my time on the iOS version instead of the PC version, but I finished it a few times already so here goes.The interactions are lacking. You get to see from others' perspectives twice in the story, that's nice. But outside of that, there aren't much interaction with other characters. Instead, you get to see from the eyes of these seemingly important but in reality, doesn't make much of an impact on the main character. Of course, Weaver works as your handler and you can unlock of a romance with him, that's nice. Lyra is the producer, but to be honest, so far, I really don't care about her. It's a nice tidbit to know what happened between your character and their romance partner but the lack of response for Prodigal romance kinda hurt. Especially since she uploads her personality to MeChip server, I would like her MeChip personality to at least acknowledge of the hero.The Finalists go by in a breeze, some characters receive more attention than others, only for them to be kicked off the show in the blink of an eye. Other characters like Crystalline, Transfer, etc. receive an enough amount attention to get to know them. But their personality also gets extremely ambiguous at one point, it might cause disinterests in many people. It's nice to see the characters from the previous game to come back like Mach Girl, Fumble, etc. But interactions with them only go as far as that.As some previous reviewers stated, the game focused too much on discrimination against the character's Powered ability without proving it. Remember, showing not telling. Or else the reader won't be able to relate to the problem since it's pretty obvious to most that the sister is in dire need of help and deserve more attention from them. Which is true, and I believe many others would also choose to focus on saving her. That said, I also like JK a lot, she's really interesting and it's nice to have a sibling this time. But in the end, the writing's still more or less too personal.I also wonder if it's possible to delete saves in the future since I have a lot from old games and it's cluttering up."
76561198165978093,Not Recommended,459310,22759420,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,blusand97,"This game was really disappointing for me. The Heroes Rise Trilogy was great, so when I found out that this game came out, I bought it instantly.It was a mistake.Other reviews have mentioned this, but this game was unbearably preachy. I can't really even remember the lacklustre storyline because I was being bombarded by laughable characters left and right and extremely cringe-worthy social commentary.I understand that the author feels (very) strongly about his views, and it is fine to put them in a game, but in moderation, please. There was a certain point where I got tired of reading about how oppressed everyone was that I just started skimming the social commentary until I got to the actual story. Occasionally I would stop and read what the characters were saying and just roll my eyes because of how ridiculous it was.The issues of the 'Underrepresented' was probably the main focus of this game, and they completely overshadowed everything else. Almost every single character in this game is 'Underrepresented' in some way and they will absolutely not allow you to forget that!Also, in order to get a good outcome, the author basically forces you to become a social justice warrior. If you adopt an alternative social stance, you are punished with a character dying. If you decide that focusing on saving your dying sister is more important than championing social equality for all, she ends up hating you.To sum it up, I didn't enjoy this game at all and unless you are (very!) into the idea of becoming a SJW with superpowers, you mostly likely would not enjoy this either."
,Not Recommended,459310,22363173,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,The Joshster,Oh Slugger me...yea we get it discriminating is bad like I need a fictional superhero text based game to tell me that over and OVER againoriginal trilogy a gem this is poor but might spark a good new triliogy
76561198008048014,Not Recommended,459310,22487085,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Zabon,"It really pains me to not recommend this game. I really enjoyed the previous Heroes Rise games, and I liked Versus, and I want to like Redemption Season. The problem is it's over the top portrayal of discrimination. Every other page the author feels the need to preach to you about oppression and social justice. And God forbid if you try to take a rational or middle road opinion, you'll be seen as a villain.Now, over the course of all of these games in the Heroes Rise series a common theme reveals itself, there is no room for nuance. You're only ever allowed to have a one sided opinion. If you try to keep a rational balance of opinions you're punished for it. I can't in good conscience recommend this game. If this is made into a new trilogy it might be worth a look, if and only if the author tones down on the social justice monologuing in a massive way, it'd be way more fun to read."
,Not Recommended,459310,22349153,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mister Monday,"I'm a big fan of the previous Heroes Rise games, and I've reviewed all the previous ones positively, but I'm not sure I can do the same for this entry in the series.My biggest issue with this story is that it very much feels like you're only playing half of the game. It ends extremely abruptly and without much resolution. It is perhaps, the longest of the 4 games but that only serves to add to the annoyance when you come to the end and it feels so rushed and incomplete. Obviously we're aiming for another trilogy here.Also, this may be an unpopular opinion but I feel as though the constant focus on 'gender indentity' takes me out of the story somewhat. Words like 'ze' and 'hir' just served to become more annoying as the game went on.On the plus side, I very much enjoyed the 'power set' of this new hero, and whilst there are a few typos the game is fairly well written, but let's cut out all of the gender fluid/ gender neutral bs."
,Not Recommended,459310,22308702,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Laserace,A dissapointment compared to the trilogy of HeroRise tbh
,Not Recommended,459310,22348888,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,sans,"i'm gonna be honest: i liked the original heroes rise series, and i still do. however, this game is...a disappointment. as others have said, it's relentlessly preachy over the issues being discussed (which is a shame, because it seems like the author has gotten his penchant for inserting needless politics - like in the original hero project, the lgbtqa+ argument, way overboard). the one character i found interesting started to get, well, interesting, and then died, though it was obvious it was going to happen by the hamfisted exposition. some of the other characters i just found annoying, honestly. i didn't end up caring about jk due to the constant tired destiny's child thing or whatever, lyra screwed up my previous character's relationship, the game seemed to heavily push a mc/weaver ship due to them being another perspective character, and everything seems less fun and polished as opposed to the first hero project. this game isn't /bad/, but it's certainly a far cry from the first. wait for the second one, at least.EDIT: browsing the discussion thread has made me recommend this game even less. the one love interest i wanted to romance can only be romanced if you have -spoiler- a certain amount of points going towards a stat for supporting the issues discussed in the game or something like that. if you do that, she goes into a coma. if you don't, she freakin' dies. which is just....ugh. how goddamn stupid. i'll probably play it again to rectify that, but author, this is not the way to get people to care about what you're discussing. not in the slightest."
76561198038549562,Not Recommended,459310,22415256,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sickle Rick,This game is mostly political speeches about discrimination. I don't have a problem with politics in games but you should weave your message into the narrative don't just stop the game to give a speech. The writer also seems to think that caring more about your personal life than politics is equivilant to being a ruthless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198216012977,Not Recommended,459310,31285175,Posted: 21 April,all,Aqua,"The Hero Project: Redemption Season disregards everything that made the Heroes Rise Triology great.The writing is extremely sloppy and, frankly, lazy. There are multiple points during the story when the perspective actually cuts away to different characters. There is no suspense, even when the author tries to build it, because everyone's motivations are known; even the characters who aren't subject to this treatment are completely tranparent. None of the characters themselves are particularly compelling or complex. Any attempt to push that they are is hamfisted and forced.There really isn't much content for what your paying too. Especially considering that it feels like the story ends halfway through, it's incomplete, in an effort to push people to buy the sequel. I can appreciate the argument this game practically shoves down its audiences throats, but it isn't worth wasting time on."
,Not Recommended,459310,22414221,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,I'm Bad,"I really want to like this game. I really do. I mean, its written well, and the author does a great job on setting up characters and their motivations... But, the social justice stuff really really really bogs it down. It seems like whenever you're not doing any hero stuff, the game(the author) leaps at the chance to preach at you about 'intersectional oppression' and so on and so forth. Don't get me wrong, theres nothing wrong about having social commentary in your stories, its just that the way this author does it is very hamfisted, very preachy, and very annoying. If the SJW stuff doesn't bother you so much, then give this game a go. For everyone else, wait til the next one.EDIT: The reason why I say all this, is because I like the old heroes rise stories, and I want the author to improve. I hope the author doesn't get offended or mad about all these negative reviews, but instead takes their criticisms to heart, because most of us just want the author to improve."
76561198019876150,Not Recommended,459310,22661241,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,g_bassi13,"I found it hard to enjoy much of anything when it came to this game. The long playtime is indicative of how long it took me to commit to completing a single playthrough of it. I had the same issue with the author’s last game, Versus where I was just not able to finish it in a timely fashion, because I had similar issues that I did to this one. Left on in the background as I attended to other things, because I wasn’t interested in anything it was saying. It took most of the issues of that game, and accentuated them.The game centred far too heavily on the idea of discrimination, and attempted to work it into a laboured analogy for minorities today. It’s nice to have some sort of message in it, but it interferes completely with any aspect of escapism involved.In that sense, I was never allowed to feel like a super hero, which certainly was not the case with the Heroes Rise Trilogy. That series had a focus on what you wanted to do with the powers, and how you shaped your own morality, and made your own choices to shape the story around you. Here I felt bent to the will of the person writing it, being constantly reminded of their morality that they intended to preach, rather than taking any opinion I had on a situation and implementing it. The only “underhanded” thing I was able to do was make an elimination vote for some character I had no reason to save, and even that seemed to only exist so I could be made continuously feel bad for doing so.My options tended to range from whether I felt strongly about underrepresentation, to whether I felt very, very strongly about underrepresentation. And I suppose that isn’t what I wanted the game to be about. At the end it tries to make me feel bad about a death that I only tried to prevent, while guilting me for helping heal my dying sister instead of worrying about said underrepresentation (especially when I was supposed to make a choice at the expense of her well being that was ignored at the end.)The whole animal shape shifting and all was its own issue as well, where now I’m being implored to guilt people for forming any kind of impression about whatever animal form my character woke up in that day. It’s a silly plot device as it is, and along with taking me out of connecting with the character I’m supposed to be creating, it further removes me from the connection I’m supposed to be feeling with the story, which is already tenuous at best.Characters within the game were given little chance to showcase what they were really about, both within the context of limited screen time, and doing nothing with said screen time. Everyone simply passes by or dies before they make any impression. And it feels like they’re not supposed to, because the game isn’t about any of them, or characters in general.My ultimate summary of this game is that it feels less like I’m choosing my own adventure, and more like I’m being told how I’m supposed to observe an adventure that was dictated in full before I began it. I would hope that it changes pace with a sequel, but considering the singular direction in which this story was written, and the manner in which this author’s style is continuing to change, I feel like it would likely get worse."
,Not Recommended,459310,29507242,Posted: 26 January,all,Aerie ( 絶望 ),"Damnit sergi y must u make me beat up monk waifu for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tProps for making my 3 game prodigal crush tragedy into a souless mechip that i could never interact with, forever tormenting me about their death.Theres litterally two pathways. ""Be the LGBTQQIP2SAA ambassador with dogshit powers"" Or ""Go back into the closet."" Ideally I would have went the route of ""I'm only doing this for my beloved sister"" Like some Lelouch Code Geass♥♥♥♥♥♥ but following that path will accomplish nothing and actually decreases your relationship stat with your jelly sis. At least playing the villain in the original Hero Project was fun, here your ""Villain"" route is litterally just being some shy crossdressing twink who doesn't want the world to know his feelings. There was always a.. Hint of this, Sergei, and I respected that, but you ♥♥♥♥ing crossed the line.It's okay, I'm not really expecting much anymore, the inital series was great and at least this is cheaper than Exodus, but its not feeding my nostalgia, its fighting it off into a bush with a rake."
76561197997221285,Not Recommended,459310,24691785,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,vergil_dgk,"The writer still has a good sense of humour and can create memorable, relatable characters. However, I gave up on this one half-way through because too much of content seems like it would be more at home in a blog about gender identity and social issues to the extent that it completely overshadows the plot and prevents you from feeling in control of your character. Heroes Rise (the writer's previous series) did a better job of keeping a balance and letting you play the way you wanted to, especially in its latter instalments."
76561198054384503,Not Recommended,459310,22469395,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dottoman,"Really needs to tone down the Social Justice agenda.  Tell an interesting story first, then insert politics.  After the mess of Versus I'm not going to be buying anything written by Zachary Sergi again.This is pure pandering with no substance."
76561197999808026,Recommended,459310,22526964,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Beef_Stu,"While I enjoyed it, this is definitely NOT for everyone, due to violating one of the main themes of storytelling - ""Show, don't tell"".  We're told (quite often) about the various trials that marginalized hero types face, but rarely see it in practice.  It's definitely part of the background, but for the most part, you're simply told that ""X circumstance exists, and needs to change"" without much in the way of showcasing it.  That said, I honestly found it LESS jarring than an instance in ""Heroes Rise: The Hero Project"" where a discussion of ""camp"" completely derailed things for a few pages before returning to action as normal, and that's likely because it's a central story-arc this time around.That said, this seems to be playing up an X-Men vs. Brotherhood of Mutants deal regarding your character, who's an ""ani-powered"" (think Beast Boy, but with no semblance of control over what form he takes each day), though there's no payoff in this particular game for it.  Like the original series, odds are this one is going to be setting up a few factors in order to include them later.Overall, worth playing the Demo - if you like it at that point, feel free to buy (if it gets too preachy, you shouldn't have enough time invested to void the Refund option), and if you don't, you can save yourself the time/money.  Or just wait for a bundle deal once the full ""season"" is out."
,Recommended,459310,29604104,Posted: 31 January,all,Rhystic_One,"As other reviewers suggest, this is probably the most ""politically charged"" book of the series. I won't spoil the story, but let's just say that sometimes this feels a bit too forced.It's also the one that features the least amount of fighting, focusing more on the state of the depicted world. In addition, the ending does not solve the majority of the plot points and (minor spoiler)finishes with a cliffhanger.In my opinion, this is probably the weakest entry of the series. That's not to say it's a bad title, however. I'm looking forward to the sequel.Overall rating: 6.0/10"
76561198063355082,Not Recommended,459310,34421098,Posted: 22 August,all,beowulfs.wiglaf,"Summary:This game punishes you for wrong think, it's entire plot revolves around the author's poltical opinion. Nearly all customization is taken out of your hands.Full Review:I really enjoyed the other games in this series but this one is just way too preachy for me. The author trys to shove his poltical stance down your throat. If you make a decsion not in line with his vision of the world the game condems you for it. This isn't how an enjoyable game is made. Sure you can punish the player for making gameplay mistakes like using a fire sword against a boss who heals from fire damage. However to punish the player for his or her opinion makes your game like a self righteous jerk. In the previous games you could tell the author leaned a certain way on the poltical spectrum but he didn't make the stroy revolve around it."
76561198074795616,Not Recommended,459310,24105576,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,c.loth,"First of all let me say, that in general I really like the Choice of Game games. I really love interactive novels where the reader forwards the plot by conscious decisions. Also I really like the superhero genre. The preceding trilogy, Hero's Rise, was great.However THP:RS falls flat. Somehow heroic deeds of superheroes are only second to the social commentary. Social commentary per se are nothing bad. But here it feels artificial and academic. You are being told that people are oppressed several times, but this oppression rarely is ever shown. A dystopian scenario with real oppression like slavery, forced labor, ghettos would have been a wonderful basis for a ""rise to greatness"" superhero story, where the hero manages to actually change something.Instead the ""oppression"" is constantly talked about in sermon-like expositions and seems oddly out-of-character and out-of-place.Ironically for a game that for a good part deals with identification, it is rather hard to identify with the main character. The hero powers are a great idea per se, but the daily changes are so radical, it's as if the MC constantly changes with them. Also, in a game where you want to drive the plot with your decisions how the MC should act, it is very obvious that the MC is often ""nudged"" into the ""right way"". If you don't walk that path, it could lead to punishment and a dissatisfying resolution.All in all, I'm missing the superhero story here, with all the cheese and stereotypes from the superhero genre. Conluding: I really can't recommend this game, as my high hopes after the really good first trilogy were not met.A similar interactive novel from Choice of Games from the superhero genre which I do recommend is: Community College Hero: Trial by Fire. Check that out instead!"
,Not Recommended,459310,22546916,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,🐧 crow,if you do not max out your UNDERREPRESENTED POWERED AWARENESS then a character dies for no reason because whoeever wrote this is a hack who loves the plot railroads. i mean ♥♥♥♥ it's trying so hard to be PROGRESSIVE and the best way to handle body dysphoria is a character who TURNS INTO A WEREWOLF SOMETIMES AND A VAMPIRE AT OTHER TIMES like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that's the stupidest metaphor in the worldalso literally none of your choices matter in any meaningful way so it's not even good as a cyoa. terrible.
76561198111894583,Not Recommended,459310,22618579,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Last_Mage,"The previous installments the Heros Rise series were really quite enjoyment. Sure they were linear and didn't leave you alot of options as to your direction but they were at the very least fun. Here the author has decided to bludgeon you with his message regarding minority oppression, decrimination etc in a way that suggests subtly isn't one of the words in his vocabulary. It's not a feature of the game it is the game, if you go in expecting superhero action and drama you will be dissapointed. It's pages of social issues preaching rather than an enjoyable read. Don't rely on the fact you liked the previous games as it's not like them,."
,Not Recommended,459310,25781632,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,reinhartalvaro,"I loved the original trilogy no matter how flawed they were and I believe Zachary Sergi to be one of the best writers even since I played games by ""Choice of Games"" but this game was seriously disappointing.........It had bad descriptions of characters, not enough character development, weak romances, weak character interactions, no tense/action/drama, weak story, too much focus on ""Reality TV Show/Discrimination Preaching"" and was merely a waste of timeMaybe the next games could have been better and also please revive Prodigal.........5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,459310,23128932,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kind Buddy,"I just couldn't get into this CYOA like I did with the original Hero games. I liked being less powerful, but I didn't like how the player's character is constantly shifting into different bodies with different powers, strengths, and weaknesses. I would much rather have had an enemy or ally with that sort of power, and have my powers be well defined."
,Not Recommended,459310,26602065,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,M9A1 Gernsback,"After Heroes Rise 1, 2 and 3, this one feels completely meh. The story is there, but istead of doing hero work (See that ""Hero"" in the name of the game) it's just politics, politics and more politics. The story is not even finished, ending with a cliffhanger.Dear author, you placed too much emphasis on the RealityShowYAAAAY side of the game and kinda forgot everything else. Can somebody please nuke the Hero Project so we can go back to doing meaningful stuff? Preferrably disconnected from media-whoring?Thank you."
,Not Recommended,459310,25172869,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ObsceneBoy,"So so let down. Gender issues were handled perfectly in the orginal trilogy. In this one they're kinda froced down your throat, and I mean like to the point where your characters whole identity is a metaphor for being trans.What made the original trilogy so good was that fact that these issues weren't ignored, but you still got to choose YOUR character and YOUR story.I bought this to role play a superhero not a trans person, and I mean no disrespect when saying that at all, but stripped down, this whole thing comes across as a teen forcing you to read her latest blog post on gender issues. It's not fun when you expected a superhero rpg."
76561198070070375,Not Recommended,459310,34395552,Posted: 21 August,all,BRAZZERSDOTCOM,"Is this good? That's why people check reviews right? Since a yes or no isn't the best method of stating endorsement. It's hard to say.What is has going for it, is what the others in the series did, it had a good grasp on how its world works and showing you how it works too. I loved th eoriginal trilogy of this writer.  I've gone through them five times, btu this was a struggle for the first.It's decently written, but it's also the most preachy thing i've ever read. Even considering there was a completely forced dialogue in the second novel of the original trilogy where a bunch of characters have a completely uneventful argument about sexuality and gender, when none of them have really shown any real commitment to those issues. This? it just wants you to see the author's views and makes sure they're always present.The other glaring issue, is the fact that although you direct what your character is, you lose all customisation. What happened to being able to fine tuen the colour of your beams and your costume? Instead of this, you're given different looks for each day to further represent the writer's beliefs. He's better than this, the writer should be able to makie a compelling story, without hamfisting socio-political commentary down your throat the whole time.Everything else i find issue in in this is covered by other reviews."
76561198040780917,Not Recommended,459310,22581513,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,beybrakers,"Honestly compared to the first 3 games, this one just felt kind of lacking, like the guy had some kind of deadline he had to meet and whatever he didn't finish he left for the next game."
,Recommended,459310,22308163,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Elliot Alderson,"(Edited on 12/04/16 for grammar/punctuation and adding a few more thoughts.)I'm a big fan of the Heroes Rise series and of Choice of Games in general. It's wonderful to be able to go back in time to the days of reading through a CYOA book as a kid.The Heroes Rise trilogy of games followed your own individual character who you coould customise with a few options such as gender, sexual orientation, codename, powers, etc. Throughout each game, you'd be faced with choices, some critical and some not so much, which would further tailor your character in terms of their sense of justice, their morals and their opinions on how powered individuals fit in society at large. It was a great story told over three games and there was a real sense of being a small cog in a big machine as other characters in this world evolved alongside you throughout the three games. In short, you should definitely go and play those three games before playing this one.If you have played the Heroes Rise trilogy, you can choose to carry your save data over to this game (though I did encounter a very annoying bug which meant I had to play through the whole of the last game again to make a fresh save which could be uploaded) which means that even though you're playing as an entirely new character, you'll get to encounter some fun little callbacks and some additional worldbuilding, courtesy of the choices you made in the HR trilogy.But what about this game? The Hero Project (THP from now on) has you once again take on the role of a customisable super hero who, in short, is tasked with saving their sister's life. It's a classic story made much more interesting by placing your character in a reality show environment. I got some real Hunger Games vibes from mingling with my fellow contestants and delivering interviews with my answers playing a role in whether or not I'd be going home or advancing to the next stage and it's this which is my main issue with this game. Although THP is a CYOA game and the choices, big and small, do indeed carry weight throughout the game it is pretty clear that the writer wants you to follow a set path. There is a theme running throughout the game of the oppression of the downtrodden and how as a member of the downtrodden, you could take it upon yourself to use your new reality show platform to reveal the true plight of your kind or, in theory, you can ignore this agenda and focus on helping your sister. Only you can't. Maybe I've not made the right choices but I was greeted by three game over screens (you can imagine my frustration after spending around an hour combing through the text and deliberating over my choices that I was told I'd failed and could either restart the whole game or sacrifice my legend score (a stat which tracks your hero's fame/notoriety) to go back a few choices and try again. No checkpoints, no save state.) after trying to pick three different sets of choices which followed the beliefs I wanted my character to have (a straight-talking, private person with a soft spot for her sister. Her only motivation for going along with the contest being to help her however she could. She had no particular interest in any political message and was just there for family). On my fourth go at it, I decided to have my hero take a much more vocal approach to her thoughts on the political landscape just for the sake of trying to get past this one part and was rewarded by being allowed to progress through the game. I can only wonder why the option to not have a particularly strong opinion on the plight of 'ani-powered' heroes was included if you can't actually progress through the game by going down this route.Although this decision by the writer has soured my opinion on this game, I still recommend it. At least to those familiar with the series. THP is a nice spin-off to the main HR series and it's pretty neat seeing decisions you made there coming back in some form here. The writing is great, characters are varied and memorable (JK is truly endearing) and this game will keep you hooked if you're a fan of the source material. If you're looking at this game and think it might be for you but haven't had the chance to play any of the other three then I highly recommend you look at those first.Pros -- Customisation. Name, codename, gender, sexual orientation, costume, sense of justice and more. Though do bear in mind that most of your potential enjoyment from this feature will come from your imagination. You can't choose your character's appearance or even something as basic as the colour of their hair but to me at least, that wasn't an issue.- The ability to upload your save data from the main HR series (though this game will only take a completed save from the final part of the trilogy).- An engaging story with twists and turns and memorable characters. JK, Weaver and a certain blast from the past definitely helped convince me to recommend this game.- Some truly creative super powers.- All of your stats are kept in one easy to find place where they can be readily referenced at any time.Neutral -- This is a text-only, CYOA game. There are no images and your enjoyment of this game will derive entirely from how much you enjoy reading and using your imagination.Cons -- Some illusion of choice.- Hidden stats that affect whether you'll be able to progress through the game, get to try again at the cost of a huge chunk of your character's fame score or have to restart entirely from scratch resulting in you having to click through a bunch of text you've already read and typing in names that you've already written.- Personally, I wasn't a fan of the main character's superpower.///SPOILER/// You get to harness the abilities of a different animal every day. And also their appearance. You literally spend some of the game as a chicken man/woman. And as a wheelchair bound bumblebee person. ///SPOILER///In summary, THP makes for some nice worldbuilding in the thoroughly enjoyable universe of Heroes Rise. If you've played that trilogy or will be playing it in preparation for playing this game then you're going to enjoy THP a lot more than you would if this was your first taste of the series. £2.09 (until April 15th) for a very well written book that you can influence the outcome of is a very good deal indeed. Just give the main series a look first."
76561198121680649,Not Recommended,459310,25294843,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BigMan,"I did like the other hero rise games, I did. But this one isn't so much a game as it is the author's soap box you get tricked into paying to see. In the others I got to make my own conclusions (to a point) and while the others did have a bit of hamfisting when it came to social issues, (my character was a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and often when dealing with arguments concernig lgbt all  negitve options are taken away from me) this one ratchets it up to an 11. I do like the idea of being an animal powered, one power reserved for gang members in the previous ones, and makeing the best of an often debilitating situation; But it dosn't let you do that or you, the player, be the hero you want to be. No the major choices and desisions on how to feel are made for you so that you become the author's ideal hero not your own. So no I don't recomend this game, nor am I looking forward to the other games that the author has in the works."
76561198023669557,Not Recommended,459310,22404735,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Baki,"Horrible game. Waste of money.Illusion of choice. Constant LGBT forcing in your throat time and time again (yes we get it you're LGBT yourself),and the worst of all is the part where after 2 hours of playing because the game thinks you didn't say the right thing at only one moment you need to restart ALL FROM the start no matter you had the maximum legend until then? (ofcourse you don't get immunity because that's how the game is built - whatever you do you or how got you get you wont get immunity).Spoilers:I say to one group I'll stand with them and to the other (to avoid being voted by them) I say I will think about it (which is a logical course) and somewhow they all vote againts me?? Even though I have a very high relationship with some of them the two groups that hate each other suddenly decide to turn their back on me on a rumour on what I said? Ridiclious."
,Not Recommended,459310,26034366,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,heteroskedasticity,Sadly not up to par with the original trilogy.
76561198022113767,Recommended,459310,23942643,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bast,"I've read a number of reviews here, and having just finished playing through for a second time I figured I should chime in with my own perspective. So, here goes:THP: Redemption Season is one of those games where I feel like it was expressly built to be part of a series. I see it as an introductory game in many ways - it introduces a huge number of characters and concepts, not the least of which being your own character. However, this often means there's a bit of information overload. Since it is, technically, a new series that builds off the old one, this is something veterans of the world will have to endure. Perhaps most prominently is the tone that is set by the author - your character is just scraping by financially and has experienced discrimination rather heavily. Whether that leads you to becoming an activist or a recluse (or neither, but you are rewarded for sticking to one path) is something you decide in game. Many of the people you interact with have been discriminated against in some way or another, and there's a lot of clashing subcultures and personalities. It makes for an interesting dynamic, though there are times in which, as other reviewers noted, this comes across as over the top (or in their words, preachy). Personally, it wasn't much of a big deal to me - I saw it more as representation and the author writing from the perspective of a disenfranchised main character. However, it is worth noting for other people who may be made uncomfortable with those sorts of things.Overall, I enjoyed the game, the characters, and the writing, but like all things there are flaws that take away from the experience. I would certainly recommend THP: Redemption Season, but only with the warning that it is most definitely an introduction to this new series and can, at times, feel more like an introduction than a full game. Still, I am very excited for the next part, which should be coming out sometime early 2017."
,Not Recommended,459310,22451543,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sugarslaughter,"The original trilogy was epic and this one is like meh.I didn't get attached to my character or any others one. JK annoy me as hell. Relationship are boring. It's all about political stuff like we don't have enough irl. I just want my heroe to be cool, win that stuff, get the muny and go home. Slugger.Happy to see my last character and black magic, tough.I will buy the next games hoping and crossing my fingers it will be much more better."
76561198034051761,Recommended,459310,22821194,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,kittywumpus,"This is the first time I've written a review for a game on Steam, but I just wanted to chime in about The Hero Project. I enjoyed the first trilogy, and I like Redemption Season so far as well. I want to encourage the writers and developers to keep on 'keepin' on' with this series.Pros:I enjoy the fact that you can carry over your character choices from game to game, and I like the fact that you can see the results of the first trilogy's events played out in Redemption.I like the stat system and mechanics as well as the fact you don't have to grind stats as you do in some novel-style games.The plot and setting are engaging, and the concept sparks my interest.I picked up a Danielle Steele novel the other day and found it remarkably boring compared to the action-packed writing you have here, which could either be a testiment to the game's good writing or a reflection of my own warped taste.The concept behind the reader's character (their powers and background story) is interesting for me.I am a long-time fan of choose your own adventure stories. I like being in control of the story's direction. Plus, it's like getting a bunch of different books all in one package.I am pleased to see that the reality show producers are evolving as characters as well and have bigger goals, nobler purpose and more of a vision for the show than just to get the biggest ratings for the bang, so to speak. (I also like to see their failures and backfires and how they are learning from them.)Even though I'm a pretty straight shooter when it comes to my romances, I like to see that this game has options, and a ton of them, for whatever orientation floats your boat.Cons:It's tough that you can't save and need to take the consequences of your choices (or accidental clicks) or start over, especially for someone like me who ends up duffing romance options because I'd rather save the world and succeed my way without compromising to accomodate the demands of a potential dating prospect. (Hope I didn't ruin my chances with Weaver because I voted one of his contestants off.)There is a some heavy-handed material in this novel about social inequalities, discrimination and activism. Folks who like to read fantasy/sci fi to get away from politics may want to steer clear. I don't mind it too much. Sometimes it gets a little 'in your face', but there are some good questions and points raised by the characters about these issues that could reflect on the issues of today. I would hate to see this trilogy evolve into a social studies lesson about human rights however. My preference is to keep those issues relevant, but not overshadowing the heroic adventures of the protagonist him/her/hir self. If the foreshadowing is any indication, however, it looks like the story may shift its focus soon anyhow.Neither good nor bad:This series, as the trilogy before it, forces you to make tough choices. There were times where I just couldn't decide what to do and had to leave the game for a while to think about it  before coming back with my decision. The consequences can be dramatic to the story and there's no going back except to start over, and I'm too cheap to spring for the hint MeChip thingy.  I like stories that make you think. It drives me bonkers when the consequences take the story in a direction I sincerely wish it hadn't, or come up with an ending I find disappointing because I made that one choice way back 25 choices ago.Overall, I liked it, though. I like the characters. Some are flat and predictable, but some have unexpected surprises and layers of depth you weren't expecting until you choose to get to know them. It makes me want to use whatever system/software they're using to create my own adventures.  The game itself is not that expensive, but I waited until it went on sale on Steam and picked it up. It cost a heck of a lot less than a book at the bookstore, and I feel I definitely got my money's worth. So thanks, creators and writers! Please continue to improve your stories and enhance your writing style. I, for one, want to see what happens next."
,Recommended,459310,24812239,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Destont,I just wanted to put a review here after finishing my first run of the game. The most important things I can think of saying here are that this entry in the heroes series does unltimately fit in with the heroes rise trilogy that cames before it. The biggest difference here is that it is perhaps a bit less subtle in the societal topics it deals with. Ultimately I would just like to say that I did enjoy this entry in the series and start of a new storyline set in the heroes universe.
,Recommended,459310,24229993,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Yoshio,"I've played the first 3 Heroes Rise games and am I very big fan, however I almost didn't by this one because of the number of very persuasive negative reviews. However in the end I found the prospect of a cameo from my hero, Specs, in a new series too hard to resist so I took the plunge and gave the redemption series a try. I am very glad I did.strangely, depending on your perspective, this could be both the strongest and most flawed entry in the heroes rise series. After playing it I can certainly see why there is a split between positive and negative reactions. While the negative reviews are not without merit, I can safely say that the flaws they highlight are not as severe as they make it seem.Let's get right into it: There are definitely author tracs in this game. Heroes Rise has always been a particularly progressive series and issues of discrimination and underrepresented persons are obviously very important to the author. While these themes have always been present in ther series,  In The Redemption Project, they are now a dominant element of the story. Fans who just want a superhero/scifi adventure might find themselves disappointed with these political issues being so prominent this time. There's still plenty of superheroic action sequences and reality show drama to be enjoyed, but they now share equal stagetime with your character grappling these issues.While these issues don't feel out of place, since the game has given you a main character who is practically guaranteed to have a reason to care about them at least a little, there are points where I couldn't help but feel the game was lecturing me a bit. These segments aren't nearly as jarring as when it happened in Heroes Rise: The Hero Project, but this is still a game that needs you to meet it halfway more then any of the others did since while in the previous series you had a rather typical comicbook superhero with a familiar backstory, this time you have a superhero with an unusual powerset that is also heavily disenfranchised. So even though your hero is still quite customizable, unless you are an underrepresented person yourself, you might find it'll take more effort on your end to care about your character and put yourself in their shoes than in the previous series. At least I found it took a little while for me, but once I did I became utterly hooked.This game is bigger and longer then any of the previous in the series. The interesting, well developed characters that have a way of forcing you to care about them and hard decisions that I've come to expect from this series are all still here. (in fact I get the sense that the writer has actually improved quite a bit!) There were several times when I was faced with a decision that was so tough that I had to stop playing and leave my chair to really think about what I wanted my character to do, which has always been my favorite part of this series. The writing, characters, and the game's ability to present you with tough choices that make you second guess yourself after making them are the biggest strengths here and I found myself even more engaged by them then I was even in the previous series.The biggest weakness has been touched on in other reviews, at a few points I had the game wagging its finger at me a bt regarding some of the choices I have made. One was when another character was explaining how they are forced to sacrifice their ideals to survive in the competition and I was presented with 2 previous ""bad"" choices my character could use to realize how him and this other character are alike, and 1 previous ""good"" choice that he could use to reflect on how he acted differently. The other instance was near the end where a character with similar ideals as my main character railed into me for falling short by voting the way I did in an elimination. For a game about choice it feels weird to be judged in this way, and I don't know if it was due to the choices I made early on but I definitely felt nudged in a certain direction, particularly when my character had an epiphany and became highly motivated to start breaking down barriers near the end of the game. Personally though I thought it was alot of fun for the game to confront me about my earlier decision like that. It was an opprotunity for my character to realize that while he is still confident that he made the right call, it was still very much not a perfect decision, and he is not perfect either. There are no easy answers here.The bottom line is that I came into the Redemption Season expecting myself to not like it and I was very surprised to find that it is actually now my favorite of the entire series. If you are a fan of heroes rise I definitely recommend giving this one a shot, if only just to see if you end up liking it as much as I did. It's definitely a bold and different direction from the previous games but alot of what made them great is still here and I found myself warming up to the new elements as i got more invested in the story and the new main character. However, If you are new to the series, I recommend trying the previous trilogy first.If this game is the first in the series, (I always feel the necessary introductory nature of first installments makes them particularly weak) then needless to say I am very excited."
76561198212605888,Recommended,459310,33444337,Posted: 10 July,all,jessbrooke,"I didn't expect it to be on the level of the original Heroes Rise trilogy. Expecting any other superhero interactive fiction to live up to that would be crazy. And compared to that, I'm not afraid to admit this is more of a lighthearted romp.But heck, I still like it."
,Recommended,459310,22488245,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,flamel93,"A great superhero game, because it's just as much about who you are as it is what you do - not all the paths branch too much, but I think that makes it all that more surprising when a small detail you often overlook ends up being SO much more important the next time you play through - 8/10. I'd like to rate it higher, but a few details don't feel like they're explained well enough without havinf to play the Heroes Rise trilogy.Good news though, that trilogy is really fun, and these series' games are among the few I actually WANTED to 100%.Definitely play them if you like stories about heroes being people, doubly so if you want a self - insert story."
76561198058794579,Recommended,459310,22531698,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,saarebutts,"I love the original trilogy and I love this continuation of the franchise. I dont usually write reviews but the negative reviews below made me want to offer a different perspective. The majority of the negative reviews only critisize the existance of marginalised groups being portrayed positively and an apparent ""social justice"" agenda. I don't know what they thought was going on when reading the original trilogy, but there has always been an anti-discrimination ""agenda"" in Heroes Rise. And I love it.From the moment GG mentioned a Season 2 of THP, I wondered what would happen next. If you HAVE played the first three in this series, you know that the protaganist of those games fight against prejudice as an Infini Powered hero. I finished the trilogy having managed to bring ""anti-powered sentiment"" to an all time low and honestly felt a real sense of pride.Thats what I like to see in fiction. Stories that make me FEEL.The Hero Project: Redeption Season takes this to a new level. We saw in the Heroes Rise trilogy that there were many AniPowered heroes and villains who were vindicated for who they were. Most of them were the villains in this story. This is the first time we get to see from the other side. The first time you can REALY sympathise with what they go through. Before we only saw AniPowered through an outsiders eye. This time we get to experience what its like. We may not actually experience the painful transformations that our protaganist does, but their experiences are what drives this story.Additionally, like the Heroes Rise trilogy, the LGBT+ representation is outstanding. There are multiple characters who exist outside the gednder binary, possibly including you. You are able to play as male, female, intersex, or non-gender conforming, as well as specifying being a transwoman or transman."
76561198055733803,Recommended,459310,23312582,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Samurai Dwarf,It was alright.£2.79 level of alright?Definitely.Worth much more than that?Nope.
76561198064056017,Recommended,459310,24197055,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,carnageant,"I almost didn't buy this game because of a lot of reviews claiming the story kept telling you people were ""being discriminated against/oppressed"" without actually explaining how or showing it to you.Having bought and played probably less than one third of this game I am delighted to say all of those reviews are full of crap.I'm currently playing this and just had a cab driver refuse to pick me up and speed off because I have animal powers, so he immediately assumed I was a gang member. That's only one example out of many.What most gamers fail to realize is that with text based games like these, if you can't let your own imagination carry the story than you're better off not reading it. Many things are intentionally left vague so your imagination can fill in the blanks; which is what makes these games more thought provoking and personable than any HD game coming out today.I absolutely love this series and can't wait for more."
76561198070111454,Recommended,459310,24449785,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Nyakouai,"First of all, I'm a huge fan of Choice of games. I've only played a few, but these are among the best storytelling I've ever seen, no matter the media.Second, I played the Heroes Rise trilogy, and I loved every moment of it. So I had rather high expectations about Redemption Season, as the sequel to one of my new favorite licence.And I was kind of scared, seeing this only rated as ""Variable"" (in French), compared to the other games, which all have received really good reviews.I just completed my first run, achieving almost the best score of Legend possible, and I'll most certainly replay it.I get why so many peoples seems disappointed in this episode. ** minor spoiler here ** As some said, the game revolve heavily around the segregation among the Powered, and mostly toward Ani Powered, Morpho Powered and Disembodied. And some find you actually barely see it in game. I completely agree. Though, it's a logical and good narrative choice. Inside of the Hero Project, heroes are secluded and receive as less as possible informations from the ""outer world"" (like in most reality show). It's actually only logical, that you can't go on the streets and see this by yourself. ** end of spoiler **As usal, the narrative is extremely good, the story really got me to actually care deeply for characters, a thing that happens more than often with Choices of Game, and particularly Heroes Rise. So far, in my opinion, it's the storyline that offer exchanges with the most characters (and they're all unique and deep). I'm kind of discouraged by some aspects of the story, for personnal reasons. As such, would I rate it as my favorite narrative game? No. The first trilogy of Heroes Rise is still too fresh to let its place goes. But it's by far one of the best I played (as a text based game), and a top tier game in general (still in my opinion, obviously).Plus side: if you've played the first trilogy, many informations about what has been going on behind the scene can be foud here and there. To me, it explained a lot of situations I found rather dubious, and seems a bit more logical now. If you have one, I highly recommand to load one of your previous game, seeing the consequences of your choices and getting news from your previous self (and his/her group) is really a plus.9/10 to me (Heroes Rise as a whole being a 10/10. Individually, I have my favorites, and some I would have some concerns to express, but it's really designed to be experienced as a whole)"
76561197995051730,Recommended,459310,28976350,Posted: 3 January,all,Sodar,"A very, very very tentative recommendation on my part.The author always had a tendency to stray heavy into politics with his books, and this time I believe he finally hit the extreme. There is very little hero’ing in this game, but a lot of talk about discrimination of the physically disabled. None of it is particularly subtle, and while it wasn’t all that bad, I don’t feel like ever reading through all of it ever again.Which is a bit of a shame, because everything else is pretty damn neat. Your character is forced to make some pretty hard decisions, and I found myself quite attached to the persona I have crafted for the game. The story is engaging, and I certainly enjoyed it, even if it wasn’t what I was expecting. I certainly don’t regret buying and reading it, and seeing how Zachary (the author) managed to cut down on the obvious preaching in Versus book that followed this one, I’m looking forwards to the continuation of the series.That being said, the author seriously needs to stop with the cliffhangers. The main plotline is nowhere near resolved by the end of the book, and we’re already teased with the next main plotline. I guess it fits the theme (constant crises that plague every comic book series in existence), but it’s getting a bit old by now.  I’ll revisit this review later if the series jumps the shark, but for now, as stated earlier – a very careful recommendation. 6,5/10"
76561198054041782,Recommended,459310,22328277,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,harku1446,"A fine addition to the Heroes Rise series. While I have some issues with it I enjoyed it over all and feel that it has made some improvements over previous games.For one I love that there are way more options with gender in this one as that was pretty lacking in past games, plus it was definitely well handled in my opinion.I also liked a lot of the characters and found them all diverse and interesting in their own way (Plus I love that there are so many options for characters you can romance which is a plus)While I did agree that the message of the game is a bit preachy and overdone at times, I didn't have that much of a problem with it overall and if you think you can be fine with this then definitely give it a shot.I am excited to see what happens in the next game."
76561198038023854,Recommended,459310,22577702,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Anderhail,"It was quite enjoyable. I've only gone through it once, and despite some other reviews I read, the path I chose didn't lead to a character dying for no reason. I realize that some people seem angry about all the thoughts on discrimination and discussions about societal views, but I really respect this series for going places many others won't. I'd rather have to pick my way through difficult set of moral choices, where empathy and pragmatism can occasionally conflict than to play another roud of stab/shoot everything different than me."
76561198035693130,Recommended,459310,22336845,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Namira,A lot of thoughtful dialogue on issues of representation and intersectionality intermixed with a great superheroic world and engaging story. A really enjoyable read and play and a great addition to the series.
,Recommended,459310,22420605,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,(SHN)emmie_girl,I did enjoy this game but I will agree that it was the weaker counterpart to the trilogy that we all know and have enjoyed playing. Give the game a fair chance it's worth it in the end :)
76561197981175266,Recommended,459310,23149893,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ATCOlogy,"Yeah, OK, a bit heavy-handed with the messages, but a strong CYOA and a worthy successor."
,Recommended,459310,23446971,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Con,"This game did a really good job of seperating itself from the original trio, while still maintaining all of the things that made that trio so lovable, in my opinion. Every decision felt like it mattered, it managed to come together really well for the final chapters, the characters all played there parts really well(it feels like the author has gotten better with character development as well) and it made me feel truly like I was in the shoes of the main character. That beng said, this game had one flaw in particular that can be fixed: it is just not long enough. If this game was meant to be a standalone title in the same universe, this game wasn't good enough to become a memorable experience for me. However, if this series gets the spotlight it deserves and more games to give us a truly finished product, I know that the Redemption Season WILL become one of my favorites(at least by Choice of Games, if not in general). I totally recommend this game, and fully support the creator to make more installments to further shed light on our protagonist's journey. 9/10.As always, totally worth the dirt-cheap price I paid and I personally thank the author for giving me this good experience."
,Recommended,459310,23294096,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sardonyx,"Was a fun read, far less heavy handed than the reviews would have you belive."
76561198055489352,Recommended,459310,23739994,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,odinerror,I love the unique power set that you get!!! Looking forward to more!
76561198272105570,Recommended,459310,23855612,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Banda,"Im a fan of the Heroes Rise series so when I heard that there was another novel in the series coming out, I was ecstatic!I bought the novel straightaway once I've found out that it was released.But I was kind of surprised that there were a lot of negative reviews about it, so I read it right away.And I find that its actually not that bad as what other people in the reviews say it to be.But then again, I guess its not for everyone.If you can go pass the vibe that this story is strongly promoting political advocacies and propaganda, then you'll find that its bearable and you can sympathize with the situations and environment of the characters.Personally,  I think the main reason as to why this story revolves or focuses so much on that particular political agenda (I dont want to name it, in case I spoil anyone) is because it just wants you to be familiarized with what's happening in MC and how it would set the tone for the later sequels when they come out.But, in any case, overall, I still find it very good and entertaining! Not as good as the first trilogy, but still, this is the first book in The Hero Project, so maybe its too early to make any judgments.I look forward to the next one! And despite what other people say, good job author! Ill continue supporting you and your other works!"
76561198114454298,Recommended,459310,24124089,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,oesterhegn,This was so fricking cool and as a fan of the original trilogy i only hope that this one will also continue and must say that while the first trilogy was great this one far outshines it. Not only is the problems more relateable you also have a main character with a really cool power which is very original even compared to DC and Marvel. All the new characters are great and you very quickly get a feel about how they are. The choices presented are also very excellent and the stats which you can select from are very good and it isn't hard to figure out which choices to take if you want to continue in a specific direction like it was in the first trilogy. It was also great playing from the perspective of someone who isn't hated by almost all of the world and is was perfect how you could eventuelly turn into an icon and become really well liked. I would definitly recommend this too everyone who likes superheroes but also wants relateable characters with real problems.
76561198064237660,Recommended,459310,22311307,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Milfimus Maximus,"--- PRO ---- Can play as as a non-binary gender such as Hermaphrodite- The PC is likeable and so is the PC's sister- Lets you see this universe from the perspective of a (previously) insignificant character type--- CONS ---- Playing as a non-binary gender (from what I can tell so far) is literally just like playing M or F. It's kind of saddening really, there isn't even like, any comedy from this. Wasted opportunity.- The political message in this is hamfisted. EVERY opportunity it gets, it slaps you with it, to the point where I have to say: If you want to put your own political message into your game, that's fine. The error here is that you let the message, BECOME the game. It's painful to see this series adopt this as a main theme, when in the previous games these themes were a side-plot, where they belonged.- Some of the characters are rather.. Uninteresting and kind of tacky, however that might be because I haven't really interacted with them enough.-- CONCLUSION --Overall I recommend this game with a caution: The author clearly has some kind of fascination at the moment with Equal Rights and has let this become the main theme of the game. If you are someone who doesn't want to get wrapped up in this kind of political conversing, perhaps you'd be better off finding a better game. I'd personally recommend the original trilogy if you still want to play any of the Hero games.Maybe it's becuase I deal with daily job-rejections becuase of my disabilities and my mental health issues, but a game where I'm constantly reminded that sometimes society treats you like♥♥♥♥♥♥ kind of isn't all that fun.The sibling moments are brilliant and JK is genuinely interesting, but from what I've played so far it's kind of just the author shouting ""TREATING PEOPLE DIFFERENTLY BASED ON THEIR LOOKS IS BAD!"", which really? Any functioning human being should know."
76561198027189995,Recommended,459310,22343700,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,A Cute,"I'm just going to say it right off the bat: This game was spectacular.  It carries an extremely well written, emotionally charged story that resonates you if you can be considered to be one of society's ""undesirables"" (such as a trans person like myself), but can also give you a new perspective on such things if you're not.The characters are all fantastically diverse, coming from all races, gender identities, sexualities, and economic backgrounds and it's impossible to not have an emotional and personal reaction to almost all of them.Not only that but there are so many ways to define your character.  Your gender identity (cis, trans, intersex, or agender), sexuality (straight, gay, bi/pan, ace), ideals, motives, actions, and it all seems incredibly deep.It far exceeds any of the other games put out by Zachary Sergei (the Heroes Rise trilogy, and Versus: The Lost Ones), and it completely blows all of the other Choice of Games out of the water.  Do youself a favor and play this game."
76561197983605154,Recommended,459310,22412867,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SagaciousNJ,"I loved it.The  author went way deeper with social commentary and analogues to real world issues that I thought were at best, shallowly handled in the earlier series of games. A world where race and sexuality issues are just magically ""solved"" was unrealistic to the point of being dumb as far as I was concerned. Now I see this wasn't a cheap attempt to sidestep a serious issue (and miss out on characterization opportunities) it was more a way of communicating in a way that wouldn't immediately put a lot of people's guard up.Of course It didn't really work; plenty of people still complain about this being preachy but those people complain about preachiness when dealing with other people in real life who have unfamiliar problems. One way or the other you can't make people listen if they don't want to. So I applaud the author's attempt here to sneak in some higher level thinking but, no dice.Analyzing this experience purely as a game/piece of writing I thought it was pretty damn good 8/10. I found myself caring about most major choices, although knowing how story structures like this work there was one major plot point that felt cheap or robbed of it's meaning (no spoilers) because of the effects of unavoidable prophecy outcomes.I found myself interested in most of the characters and While I was prepared to regard the character interludes as a boring pause to the real action I actually appreciated them as a source of deeper insight."
,Recommended,459310,22338123,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,under stars,"There's nothing Sergi touches that I don't love. Redemption Season is on par with the prime writing of the main series, and this creates such an amazing new experience with a new MC.The ONLY two complaints that I'd have is that theromance feels slightly one-sidedin some instances, almost where you kind of wonder like""do they like me too or am I pressuring them into liking me?""And also, it feels slightly rushed, and I have to play through multiple times to really try to connect to the characters. Playing through again and again fixes that mental issue for me though.I was happy with the nod towards the original MC,with Black Magic and my chick Risk being cute af together forever what little babies, they deserve happiness.Is this worth it? For $4.49 CD, hell yeah, you're getting multiple playthroughs and fun times for less than some games which cost upwards to 20 or 30 bucks for the amount you're getting in this CYOA. If you don't like CYOA games, you're not going to like this (but are you crazy? Have you tried them? It's perfect for the imagination and roleplaying.)But,god dammit Jury get out of here you man ♥♥♥♥♥ son of a ♥♥♥♥♥, we all know you have no love for anything but yourself, jerk."
,Recommended,459310,22405886,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Sinnyu,Frankly surprised to see so many bad reviews but I suppose to each their own. I really like the emotional stories all the characters seem to have. Instantly felt connected to the main characters and JK’s story and was willing to do anything to see it through. It was nice seeing a character so different from the first HR MC. Loved this one and will be sure to buy the next and the next chapter of Versus.
76561198075332070,Recommended,459310,22447981,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,thunder_clan_2,"Have to admit, after immensely enjoying the past three games this one was a bit of a let down. I found the story being told to be pretty interesting, though the interludes were a bit odd and made the whole story seem a bit more disjointed. I think my biggest issue with it though was simply that it cut off too soon. I am certainly looking forward to seeing what will hapen in the next installment though.And I do have to say, getting to see my Heroes Rise hero and so many other characters I came to really love return to the story was a very satisfying experience. And the MeChip and her antics had me laughing quite a bit."
76561198154367351,Recommended,459310,22639823,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The3rdRunner,I like it.
76561198213186949,Recommended,459310,22525961,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Starfish,"wow why so many negative reviews? there is no SJW agenda in this game as far as I can see since your character can become a social justice terrorist or a selfish prick, and yes social injustice is a huge issue the main character faces because of his superpowers, but it's not even about race or anything?"
,Recommended,459310,22561531,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,VAL,"The Hero Project: Redemption Season is a text based RPG in which your decisions affect the story.I have not played the original Hero Project trilogy so this would be my introduction into the world.Although the basis for the story is very promising and engaging, it more than occasionally suffers from ham-fisted writing that detracts from immersion. You play as a character of chosen gender and sexuality whose physiology mimics an animal and morphs on a daily basis. You use this power to enter the Hero Project on the agreement that, by succeeding, your sister will be healed.Along the way you are introduced to power based inequality and group targeted hate crimes against those people who have more 'unsavory' powers. The game opens a wide conversation into inequality and the treatment of marginalized groups. However, the story falls into pits of monologues that stray from the focus of the story and seem to try to educate the reader on societal issues.Overall, this is an enjoyable game if you can overlook the jump in the focus of storytelling every now and then. I feel that the reason this game has mixed reviews is because of this and it's a shame because beneath it is an enjoyable story with interesting and memorable characters.7/10"
76561198049413457,Recommended,459310,22581206,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Nekozaya Oni,"Ahh~ It feels good to play a new Heroes Rise game~! With changing perspectives from your character to one of the side characters to advance the story and add more to the plot if feels so fresh. While the underreppresented power awareness can be a bit overbearing at times for some players- especially newcomers- I myself saw no real issue with it and played it like I normally play a Heroes Rise game. If you've played the other Heroes Rise games and have a save file from hero fall, there'll be a cameo from your first hero a few name drops here and there.FELLOW JURYMANCERS BEWARE THOUGH! THIS IS GONNA HURT!I can't say it's better than the original trilogy however, still this is a must have for your Choice of Games collection~!"
76561198046022252,Recommended,459310,22351004,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Orell481,As a huge fan of the Hero Rise series. I personally enjoyed this sequel to the series. The whole idea of being an Ani-Powered person in this universe always interested me. Finally there is a chance to explore many aspects of the anis due to the scope of the protaginists powers.
76561198103000049,Recommended,459310,23330109,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Endir,"I loved the Heroes Rise trilogy abd all the advocacies, character relations, plots and even the twists (especially being able to have romantic relations with Prodigal which I totally hoped would happen). But this new book just added a new sense of urgency in a lot of aspects in our society, from the individual unit outwards. It tackled issues on psychologoical behaviour of individuals and the ever-present discrimination of people of different nationalities and ethnicities(politically and sociologically correct term for races when referring to humans). I can relate to Zachary Sergi much more deeply now that I have read the four books of his Heroes Rise universe. To tell the truth, I only played these games just to pass time, but then I got so hooked up in all the representations of human society packed together with fantastical plots and characters. I have to admit, even though I have my own set of ideals and beliefs, Zachary Sergi ended up reenforcing these ideals and renewing my perception of society and my morals as an individual. As a social science student, I can understand and appreciate the scenarios presented to the player with each choice he makes. These may be a few of the many novels and books that actually tackle social issues with clear stands and clear support for ideals. I higly recommend reading this series for those who feel there is something wrong, inappropriate or missing in our current culture. Not only the cultures of our own nations, or of our own ethnicities, but most of all, of our culture as human beings."
76561198011325534,Recommended,459310,22439776,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sotof,"I would only recommend this if you have played the previous games otherwise you probably won't enjoy this one. Fair warning, while the story itself is good then the author hamfists the political message way too much. At times you may feel like you are reading some SJW manifesto and it is not pretty. All love to ya Zach, but give it a rest. Instead of adding to a compelling story it starts to detract from it and worse starts to make the world seem more unreal than sluggin superpowers do. Please for the next one dial down the hamfisting and make this series great again. Also build a wall somewhere."
76561198074615698,Recommended,459310,22348923,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,eker33,Loved the original trilogy and this one is shaping up to be even better.
,Recommended,459310,23103492,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ChequeMate,"A very nice continuation of the Heroes Rise universe, introducing us to a whole new different viewpoint of the Heroes. Reasonably lengthy and interesting from the very beginning to the end. 10/10"
76561197980672934,Recommended,459310,22350694,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Polymorph,"Maybe not the best compared to the previous ones, but I enjoyed it a lot."
76561198135999223,Recommended,459310,22318307,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The No-Homo Guy,"I was a huge fan of the previous Heroes Rise series by Zachary Sergi, and when this series was announced at the end of Heroes Rise Hero-fall, I was excited to read a new standalone title.Honestly though, I found this game to be extremely enjoyable to play through, as this new experience of playing with a different character, and different powers, was incredible to experience.Much like the previous entry, the treatment of Ani Based Powered's in society was brought up and shown in the East Fringes, but this new series showcases the relationship of this group of Powered individuals in society in depth, making it a key idea that connects the plot together. Of course, this ties with political ideas of this society, and how YOUR character fits into all this, if you believe you should be changing the views of society, or merely filling the stereotype.Game-play:This game is definitely (In my opinion), a good succession to the Heroes Rise trilogy, as I like the authors direction with this new series, bringing up political ideas and allowing your character to follow you ideals in believing their should be change within this society. I can see why people can play this and see this as 'off putting', but honestly it brought depth to this already good game.Story:The story isn't anything ground-breaking, as it is essentially the second season of ""The Hero Project,"" with a new cast of unique characters, with a variety of super powers. #lovethereferences, #lookingforwardtopart2. Although from the first series, this time around it felt more genuine and more like a story with the changed perspectives to show the player other personal conversations that effect the players character, without spoiling the story to the player. This addition I really enjoyed, as it felt more personal to me to understand another characters circumstances, that effect my choices, rather than making them feel two dimensional characters.Mark: 8.8/10 Amazing.Traditionally for Choice of Games, the main verdict comes down to the games story, and for Heroes Rise Redemption Season, it is certainly a game series not to be overlook. I was a huge fan of the first series, and I was sceptical of the second series not standing up to its predecessor, but after purchasing this game and experiencing it for myself, I was immediately re-hooked back onto this new series, as the mature concepts are really what makes this games story exceptional, as traditionally what hero story's lack in comparison is to delve into darker concepts, Zachary Sergi however, does not overlook this feature. For anyone who is sceptical about if this game is worth purchasing, the answer is 100% yes, as this is a fantastic continuation of the previous series, as I will definitely be going back to this game and playing through the different outcomes, and seeing different parts of the story.Note for Author:Thanks Zach for continuing this series its been one of my favourite Choice of Games to experience, take your time with the next one, I'm really looking forward to it, and where the story is going.Side Note:When the MC's Me-Chip was introduced my first thought was ""It's gonna be a good day."""
,Recommended,459310,22362828,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Major Tom,Another great game. Just keep up the good work!
76561198133829330,Recommended,459310,22321814,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TreeLeaf_,"I love the original trilogy that this game stems from and Redemption Season seems to tie everything from the previous books into an all new and amazing experience. I love how although it may focus on a warped fantasy version of societal problems, the book still shows that these problems exist. Not only in the book but in our world too.10/10"
,Recommended,459310,22313462,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Calconius,"Here we go again.  Fantastically written once again with a much more ambiguous twist.  The larger social issues are present and I hasten to say the darker feel does well for the novel but it's so much more.  Another great addition to the series, I'm hyped for more."
,Recommended,459310,22321800,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Van Geaux,I'm going to win The Hero Project
,Recommended,459310,22310504,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Tacohobbit,0/10 needs more moss piglets
76561198115693541,Recommended,459310,22307695,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Captain Donuts,"gunna keep this reaaaaaally short.i love the trilogy i didnt try to use the import saves yet wanted a fresh try and so far its going pretty good, really like this one glad to see another hero projecti give it 10 out of 10 a pretty good slugger game (not sure if i used the word slugger right in this context)"
,Recommended,459310,22303787,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Topagae,"I love this game series and this author. Media follows and changes based on the people and world around you. This game is written by a person who grew up with the internet. With games. With anime, and cartoons, and good scifi, and comic book movies. And it all bleeds in to be something I look forward to more then any AAA game. The story is the oldest thing humans love to share, and it forms the core of much of our culture and being. So it delights me that the stories coming from this author and many like them are starting to reflect all the changes and interesting new developments our world has gone through. Plays a bit like an anime visual novel banged a a JRPG light novel in a comic book."
76561198072318455,Recommended,459310,28668041,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BeerForAll,Another amazing game in the HeroRise world. Couldnt wish for anything more. Keep up the great work :D
76561198126435123,Not Recommended,459310,31639735,Posted: 8 May,all,m_dmeyer,Not looking human but like a different half animal every day took all to ruin this one. I want my money back!
