user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198065802178,Recommended,460120,32078272,Posted: 30 May,all,Model 0z74,"today i will tell you why you should Buy this game.1. Because its not like rebirth 1 with all of that grinding.2. Its not like rebirth 2 and with a short story and a hour worth of nep's.3. Its not like rebirth 3 with the over powered dlc weapons and characters.Megadimension VII offers a whole new way of playing like investment in citys and route building ill explain.investment is 3 different types of ways to spend money to help you inprove your Megadimension life.1.Commerse is, each level you upgrade will enable you to buy more items form the shop.2.industrial is, the items you will be able to develop will increase's3.puplic relations is, the higher the level the better the stuff you get from your country, such as processer units, healing items, other usefull items, and of course the nepquiz and walletcrusher on of the best shows on television.The route building is a much better way of travelling instead on instant teleportation like on the rebirth series. at first you have to use credits to purchase the route that you want to build too. and in the route building you can encounter random enemies when travelling, but if you have a new game+ you can disable that, but whats the fun in a quick and easy playthrough.Megadimension VII starts in 1 part of 3 stories, Zero dimension, hyperdimension, heartdimension.with all these storys you would expect this to be a long game, well your right there is about 40-50hours if gameplay in all 3 storys and you will never be bored there is new areas and Finally a better villan, well a few awesome villans. (not gonna spoil anything) no offence to Arbore, pop-up purple had, arsnore what ever her name was.The 1 bad thing about this game is that if you play this for countless hours, you will love the way the game looks and then when you go back too the rebirth series you feel a bit.... odd.now lets talk about the Gold Third even thought there are 4 members.C-Sha (the Leader): She's more of a glutton than her looks may suggest, and she can't do so much as lift a finger on an empty stomach.S-Sha:  A young woman who's reserved and seems very cool, but has a considerably aggravated case of chuunibyou. She has two Dogoo-like monsters who serve under her.B-Sha: she likes to build robots, collect hero toys and serve as a hero of justice. However, her phobia of monsters prevents her from doing this job efficiently. Because of this, she transforms into the mysterious hero known as Presto Mask to give herself confidence.K-Sha: K-Sha is a yandere when it comes to Noire. She's very protective and cares passionately about her, though in a somewhat romantic way which annoys Noire occasionally. when holding a gun however, K-Sha's personality changes drastically. Rather then being shy, she becomes dead serious and will complete her missions without question. Much like Uni, K-Sha is skilled with guns.Now we go withuzume Tennoboshi: Uzume is the type of girl who is obsessed with being cool so that she comes off as reliable. Uzume is exceptionally loyal and honest to her friends, Very rarely will you see her relax unless she is around friends. However, this is a very strong willed facade made to help cope with her position as Zero Dimension's sole remaining CPU.This game has to be one of the best Neptunia Games, because its a 2016 game the graphics are amazing, the new systems inplemented into the game are cool too, and of course new characters, and remodel'ed characters. its a very facinating game that deserves to be called a Neptunia Game.This game is like 3 games in one. and deserves to be $39.99 + DLC costs.at first when i bought this, i thought was that you can build a country from the ground up from one of the acheivements that was listed, but thats alright this game was a really good one anyway. cant wait for future Nep Games, Especially 4GO,Im gonna Rate this a 9.5/10the -.5 is becasue i had to but game in windowed mode for it not to crash suddenly.Overall Best Game 2016."
76561198289076330,Recommended,460120,32288351,Posted: 9 June,all,celricdisvervegia,"Lets start by saying that this game is funny and worth playing if you like anime rpg; now we can go a bit more into details with pro and cons:pros:-the game still use the same turn based strategy as the other games from the main series, a very fast turn based strategy with movement and positioning;-even bigger cast of cute girl only;-inproved combo system;-new dungeons added to the classic one;-new monsters;-city management system;-a few trick in the plot that i will not spoiler;-very nice CG.cons:-Nepnep trolling can be a bit annoing;-city management is not deep;-new monster and dungeon are few in number;-heavely reuse of the older enties of the series game system.so yeah more or less every entry in the list above explain itself but not the last one, which is why you're still reading...what i mean with reuse of the old game system is exactly that, having played all neptunia games i can totally see that the developer have used the old game asset to create this one: graphic engine, model, textures, some music, ecc. Now while it can actually be fine since this game is totally anime graphic (meaning it doesn't really grow old), after so many years from the first entry of this series i would have expected at least a graphic improvement...This last point is the only one that really bother me but, even still, this is a very good anime game."
,Recommended,460120,24126116,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MINDL3SSVIOLNC3,"Dear Compile hearts,I beg you...please have mercy on my wallet, slow down making these games and ffs dont release the best ones right after the steam summer sale.Thank you,Person soon to be living under a bridge"
76561198055931576,Recommended,460120,32991613,Posted: 29 June,all,Stevejew,"43 hours for a single playthrough.60 hours for two playthroughs.108.3 hours for all achievements.And I would play through this game again and again.The story and characters are the main selling points while the combat becomes secondary (still really good though). Oh yeah, the soundtrack is amazing aswell.I could go on but i'm too lazy."
,Recommended,460120,27964395,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gerechtigkeit,"I think Megadimension Neptunia V-II marks something of a watershed moment for the Neptunia series in that it's no longer ""good, but...[insert caveat of your choice here]"", it's just plain good. Actually, great, even.Finishing my first playthrough of the game took me roughly 55 hours; that was taking it fairly leisurely, unlocking this and that that wasn't absolutely necessary for the first playthrough and goofing around now and then. After that, there's still the ""true"" ending, which leads to a post-game segments during which you can clean up any bits and pieces you didn't finish off first time around - Or trophy hunt.Well, at first, I want to say that I think this is Compile Heart's finest work to date. While there are some technical issues regarding frame drops in a few places, most of them are not really all that significant. Ignoring some typos, the script and translation are both excellent, the gameplay is enjoyable, smooth and well-balanced. The first and last points there adress two of the biggest criticism the Neptunia series has had ever since its release - technical issues regarding atrocious framerates that weren't really justifiable for the kind of game they were, and balancing issues regarding inconsistent or just way too easy difficulty. MegaNep counters both of these problems: It runs at pretty consistent 60fps pretty much all of the time, only dropping in particularly busy scenes, and has a very well-paced progression with no point in the game that felt too easy or too difficult. The revamped game systems work extremly well: Skills feel neither under- nor overpowered, characters feel unique and pretty much any party combination can work perfectly fine.Now, narrative and characterisation has never been an issue for the Neptunia series, but, pleasingly, MegaNep even improves this, making up a story that is spectaclar, dramatic and even emotional at some points in the end. Additionally, it keeps the humorful atmosphere, with Neptune being the goofy, likeable, forth-wall-breaking protagonist that we all know and love.In other words, it's not just a great Neptunia game - It's a great RPG, period. The only thing that saddens me is the fact that so many people will write it off without even giving it a shot for themselves; still, I guess that makes it all the more special for those of us in the know who can enjoy and appreciate it, both on its own merits and as, to date, the absolute pinnacle of the series."
,Recommended,460120,24158315,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hizir,"If you never played a Neptunia game you can start with this. All you need to know is explained as you go, no need to play the other games to understand. The classic JRPG is all there with some much needed improvements and fresh addtions to the series.Lets not forget ALL THE NEP NEP MEMES you can handle.If you dont like JRPGs I dont know why your here."
,Recommended,460120,33021391,Posted: 29 June,all,Doggo,IM A SIMPLE MANI SEE BOOBI THROW MY MONEY
76561198070907784,Recommended,460120,26441191,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Escarodeta,"BEST NEPTUNIA GAME EVER.I have owned the previous games, Nep1, 2 and 3.And I must say this version is x10 better because: (NO SPOILERS)1- Alot of new features2- Actually has a story, and not just about puddings.3- Lots of new maps, and maps got bigger.4- Less recycling.5- New characters with fun personalities.6- Better artwork7- x10 Better music.8- More BOOBIES. Bigger and bouncier than before, too.Buy it in a heartbeat. Amazing.Recommend. 10/10TIP: Buy all the DLCs except the ones which give armor or weapons, because those will take the fun out of the game. Maybe buy them when you reach end game. I love the new characters!!! <3"
76561198155037793,Recommended,460120,26737336,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Sangho,"Great stealth game, if you are found playing this by your friends you are dead"
76561198267600918,Recommended,460120,24140479,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,King Godler,"How Nep gave me five 1st times:Was desperately lookin for a hack n slashFound Neptunia U Action Unleashed1st time playing a game without male charsGot curious about the charsWatched 13 eps straight of the Nep animeGot severe post-anime void for the 1st timeSought for more Nep in Rebirth 3Hoped to get cured from voidInstead, fell in luv with anime chicks for the 1st timeSought for even more NepFound Megadimension VII but it wasnt on PCPanicked for the 1st timeBought Ps4 and the gameA week later, it came to PCBought it again1st time paying for a game twiceMoral of the story:Dont be like me, dont break your heart"
76561198035280518,Recommended,460120,24222566,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nazarekt,I met an otaku Shinobi robot trying to buy porn magazines.
76561198038515835,Recommended,460120,26466131,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jolin Tsai,"If you feel lonely, then play this game, go to the menu screen > Library > character info. Pick your favorite character and wish yourself a happy valentine to make yourself feel better"
76561198146466559,Recommended,460120,24148158,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nightbloom.KIWAMI,"IFI did a good port than Neptunia U and Black Heart. I did't have any crashes or bugs so far.There are two small problems in this game:1. The Xbox one controller doesn't work well in the menu. To solve this, I only remap RT to Positive z Rot, then it works.2. Screen may back to windowed if you press ALT + TAB. For laptop players, please ensure you play this game by using high performance GPU, or the game fps will be heavily dropped.Substantial story content with new gaming features, awesome graphic and combo effects.What's more, I can run this game in 4K simulation (Not real 4K) with stable 60fps (game screenshot looks blurred, but looks fine in game).If your video card and monitor support 4K, please set your game in full screen, then enjoy it!Hope IFI will bring more games to steam.Additionally, Japan IF twitter  just announced that bcoz the amazing sale of Neptunia series on steam, they will add Japanese text for Neptunia!"
,Recommended,460120,24133435,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Snotnarok,"I'm not far into the game but already the game is showing to be vastly superior to the others in every way.Dungeons are larger and more elaborate, things move along faster and combat appears to be more complex, there's new characters, more in game rendered animations, the general dialogue events are better as well with more characters on screen and more animated in general.As I said with the dungeons, I arrived at the second one and the areas are much larger and have more paths and aren't as bare bones as previous games, meaning there might be more gameplay vs dialogue dumps this time around. Combat has more depth to it, where positioning your characters can enable special moves and it seems harder to spam stuff like in previous titles as much.Gadzooks, there's NEW stuff in the game, new music, sound effects are new and more UMPHY, animations are better looking from what I can tell. New portraits, new moves, new AREAS and they don't look like N64 levels anymore, new battle type!It kinda feels like they jammed Neptune into Fairy Fencer, down to the victory poses at the end and level up poses.The DLC is .... well if you like being broken over powered then go for it, otherwise all the equipment is too strong, nor can you sell it. You can however disable it or just not use it.At the time of writing:There are issues with the game, the depth of field option seems to bring even my GTX970 down to 45~FPS, turn it off and you'll have a solid 60. There's some audio balance problems as well, the second dungeon has this weird construction or industurial sound that is incredibly loud and I had to lower the SFX setting. I also had to edit my general control settings as it mapped my trigger buttons to R/L on the dpad which conflicted with the dpad controls in general.IF is obviously going to fix this as they've been pretty good with previous games with updating them to fix most issues (except the world map theme from Rebirth 2 which is still way too loud, but there's a mod for that so ...there's that)"
,Recommended,460120,24163259,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CreepyFackFace,"+60 fps+new spite+new BG+new musicnot enough? sure!+new damn cute character+CPUs and Candidates+Uzume+nice connection with previous story+double the nep double the fun+Uzume daydream+story have focus for all nation+witty jokes+better graphic+Uzume CPU voice+""new""(improved) combat system+mocks on companies decision+not too challenging for the not tryhard like me+Uzume Tennouboshi-No Plutia and Peashy-occasional frame drop during events screen(at least for me)Edit: Now that I properly finished the game I must say that story is really great in this game. Only think I don't get is why ALL skills are very underpowered as in later game you can easily don more damage with normal attack combo where in the earlier game, skill is about 5-10 time stronger than normal attack."
,Recommended,460120,25822284,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,NepgearGo,"Once upon a time I didn't play RPGs. Hell, I didn't even know what a role playing game is.Today, the walls of my room are filled with Neptune tapestries and I bought a PS3 and PS Vita just to play these Neptune games.Good job, Iffy."
,Recommended,460120,26483463,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DemetreNike,Actually played this game for the plot and was not disappointed.
,Recommended,460120,24246008,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,K-Gear,"""A great person once said it's difficult to go on (Using a Forum) without being a person capable of seeing through lies"" ~ Nep""Never fear, Nepgear, this is a tutorial battle, so no matter how crazy they look, we'll win!"" ~Nep""My Confidence, you ask...? It's obviously 'cause I'm the main character!""~Nep""Let's not sweat the small stuff like logic or plot development! Let's just beat this fool up!""~Nep""Gah!? Hey, that's dangerous! Oh, I see, you don't know it's against the rules to attack during a transformation sequence!"" ~Nep""...Pffffft. ""Cast into the depths of despair!"" The depths of despair, she says! What is this, a freshman poetry class?! ~Nep""Like, I'm really into the these lesbian-esque vibes, but the enemy won't wait for us."" ~Nep""Son of a B****! If you don't knock it off, I'll seriously [*words banned on Nepstation], I swear it!! ~Blanc""It's hard to tell. I've seen real gold used in overpriced audio cables, so..."" ~Nepgear""Oh, okay... WAIT! A d-d-d-d-d-d-d-date!?!?!?!? You were on a DATE?!""""Are you even allowed to use that word in this series?!"" ~Nep...Are you trying to imply that I'm not earnest? ~NepYep ~UzumeWhy, you little-- Blah! I wanna defend myself but I'm self-aware enough to know that you're right... ~NepI Love this game"
,Recommended,460120,24236321,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rias Gremory,"Megadimension Neptunia V.2 is probably the best game out of the series, probably because it is the newest and they improve.Gameplay:10/10There are actually jumping platforms now? Hell yes.Is it worth getting the extra characters like God Eater-chan? Hell yes.The GUI looks pretty outstanding in terms of matching the game's theme.Japanese VA is always on point, subtitles are somewhat accurate but make you laugh sometimes.The amount of references this game has towards other anime/games is too damn high.Art:10/10 Tsunako needs to draw more Noire.Music:10/10 Soundtracks are hype.Character Development:Well, Nep did develop if you know what I mean.This game is so good, I would f*ck pudding while having spoons attached to my eyes."
,Recommended,460120,24174963,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DodonP,"I've played this game on the PS4 and I swear you guys this is probably the most refined installment in the Neptunia series.The game's completely polished and difficulty is fairly balanced, there will not be any sudden power spike like in the previous entry. As long as you don't cash in on those weapon packs the game will provide you quite a challenge especially during early to mid-phase of the game as you don't have the access to most power-ups and the lack of full roster in your party.Soundtracks are top-notch and while they may still have the same soundtrack from the previous games. The new boss battle tracks are great, it will surely pump up your blood during those fight.I also really recommend checking out the Deluxe pack while you guys are at itThe story has also a more serious and darker tone compared to the other, the game knows when to lay out the joke or when it's really the time to get serious.And with the addition of new system like Giant Battle, combination attack and part break it makes the game have a more tactical approach.But still it could have been more easy in the use of it's meta joke and heavy references to previous installments.Pros+ Overall the best game in Neptunia franchise+ A more detailed 3D models+ Good story+ Great music (check out Deluxe pack)+ Branching story during 2nd arc, not gonna spoil much+ Zero Dimension arc has the most well-written narrativeCons- may have a rare case of FPS drops, but It's probably depends on your specs of course- minor bugs, not noticeable enough."
,Recommended,460120,28773340,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","To preface, I already played through this around 50~ hours on another system, didn't reach the end but got pretty damn near close so, here goes.This is easily the best neptunia game to date, it plays better than the previous titles, the story is better, the soundtrack is god tier, and I'd rank it above any other jrpg I've played to date. The PC port of this game is marvelous (atleast for my system, I have encountered no issues so far, Windows 10-64 bit, Nvidia GTX 860m, Intel i7-4710hq processor, 8 gb ram, using a Steam Controller with xinput.)...So, The game itself, this is a sequel to V Generation, orhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/353270/?snr=1_7_15__13on steam. It takes place a few years after, so while it helps to have knowledge of the previous games (namely, sister generation and V generation,) it's not required and you can easily get into the game without knowledge of those. The story knows how to take itself seriously, though most of the time you're going to have comedic parody and fun moments, the soundtrack is perfect for the serious times, just as it is for the fun, and honestly the best soundtrack to any JRPG I've played so far,(seriously, recommend that digital deluxe just for the soundtrack if nothing else.) and as a visual novel I'd definitely rank it in my top 5 for story especially with how it ties in to the previous games. (order without megadimension pretty much being steins;gate>grisaia series>clannad series>tsukihime, not sure where it'd fit in, it could easily be a #2 slot after steins with the sheer amount of fun it is, the epic soundtrack and what not.)From a gameplay perspective, you set your characters combo skills for battle (as in when they're doing their chain of attacks, which order they come up in and what moves for what type of attack, which is important as when you make a chain of abilities they can have combo traits which boost the power of the move if it meets the condition allowing you to clear enemies faster, and sometimes giving you that small edge you needed to defeat a boss), usable skills for buffs, special techniques, transformations and the like which all are required for the more difficult content, this game has a pretty decent difficulty curve and finally feels like a true jrpg game, while the other neptunia games were fun for the story, they weren't all that great for the gameplay itself; though if you liked that gameplay, you will LOVE this.(especially love howwhen you transform in battle, depending on the highest level of transformation used in that battle, for example HDD form has its own special soundtrack and NEXT form has its own special soundtrack, that soundtrack will keep playing until the battle ends which allows you to turn epic battle music on at will with the transformations.)The in-game cutscenes and character animations are all well done, crisp, and look great, character personalities are all varied and you have your typical cliches, but the way they're written is very well done from my view, and this game is worth multiple playthroughs, when you new game+ you keep all your previous characters and equipments and what not, so that you can hop right back in and try to get that true ending on your next playthrough or whatever floats your boat, since I think this game is good enough to play again just for the gameplay itself.Furthermore, to add on to visuals, the visuals in the fight for an anime-style jrpg are fantastic, the special moves and combos are fun to watch and truly look devastatingly powerful, the transformation sequences look great, and I can't think of any improvements off the top of my head that I'd ask for, again, considering the art style and direction this game took I believe they fully utilized what they could to achieve the look they were hoping for.Fanservice, as always, is plenty, and I don't just mean that typical fanservice, I mean references to nearly every major game/anime/movie you can think of done in amazing ways, the first encounter of the game is adigimonreference even, and while a lot are pretty subtle, they do some of the bigger mentions in amazing reveals and if you have an extensive knowledge of current and past mainstream culture(even some small ones make it in there) you'll have a great time catching and picking out all the references, and that alone affords multiple playthroughs of scrutinizing the text so that you have an Aha! moment and realize what it was referencing.Overall, as a neptunia game, and a jrpg, I give this game a solid 10/10, for me, at least, I'd be hard pressed to find a better jrpg that's currently out, maybe later, but for now this is my top game for that genre."
,Recommended,460120,27920731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,"Megadimension has amazing story and music, gameplay itself is no diffrent than the re;birth series. Slightly revamped combo system, New characters new world, great plot, the story was very enjoyable. New waifus + old waifus."
,Recommended,460120,24253991,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Imoen,"Megadimension is the best part of the Neptunia Series to date.Pros:- Great soundtrack- Great storyline- Great reference to other games like the Gold Third represents Square Enix, Konami etc.- Every goddess has her own short storyline- the right amount of serious moments- Its the first game after Rebirth 2 Uni plays an actual role in- 50% new enemys and dungeonsContra:- the other 50% are recycled dungeons and colour swapped enemy types from previous games- You cant play with the character you like the most, the game force you 90% of the story to use certain party members- Verts new voice actress, its no longer Tara Platt- a little bit to much ""Fan Service"", even Nepgear shows her buttFor me who like the neptunia games for the characters, storyline and references its a realy good game. I think the ohhh anime girls, butts and breasts faction is pleased as well."
,Recommended,460120,24177444,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ponyo The Thigh God,Why you should buy this game you ask? Here's some reasonsPros-Nep-Oppai Nep-Uzume's butt-Vert's oppai-Fish guy-Noire-Talking Dogoo's-Giant Robots-Amazing MusicP.s I came for Nepgear ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,460120,26099688,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Neppy / MIB,"~SPOILERS FREE!~After finishing this game twice to get a different ending, i feel like i have to throw this game with a lot of good props in a review.Apologize for the bad english tho >w< /Note: I am not gonna compare this game with the spin-offs because they have different gameplays. And also reviews are based on people's opinions... Opinions...Megadimension Neptunia VII is the forth installment of the main Re;birth series after Re;birth 3 V Generation.So if you want to experience the whole Nep-Nep story, you might want to play the other re;birth series first.But if you wan't to just play MDN VII before re;births, don't worry they covered everything in the introduction.About the gameplay, i really love the simplified battle system. Everything is just so smooth.They basically added so much improvements from the previous re;birth series.Okay let's just jump into the pros and cons section shall we?PROS:- The story is divided into 3 parts (Trilogy), which makes it more interesting in my opinion.- Always love the Scouts system, really helps with the grinding.- No more Combo Points thingy for your Combo attacks (Wait did they already removed this in re;birth 3? I kinda forgot lol)- Combo Traits, basically attacking with a certain 'combo condition' will make the attack a guaranteed critical.- So much new dungeons!- So much new monsters aswell!- More balanced stats and exps.- Lots of 'fanservice' >v< b- More funny game/anime reference jokes and very enjoyable sub-events too!- DLC characters are so worth to get. They're not just useful but they also have their own events too!- Lots of feature improvements from the previous re;birth games that you can ever asked for.CONS:- If you owned and enabled DLC equipments, this auto 'Best Equipment' new feature WILL override your current equipped gears with the best stats gears EVERYTIME your party left/join back again in the story progression.The problem is you can't disable this 'Best Equipment' thingy. (Hopefully they'll fix this soon)- If you use a DLC character as a leader in your party while progressing through the story, there's a chance of crashing the game in some events. (I only had one crash because of this in my 2nd playthrough since i don't use DLCs that much in my 1st run)- It's getting too grindy for End-Game leveling, especially above level 300.That's it. The first two cons are more of a bug related so hopefully they'll fix it soon and i'll update this review.Overall, you can already tell that this game is basically the BEST Neptunia series of all!Thank you for reading the review! Have a nice day~! ( > v < ) b"
,Recommended,460120,24506499,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Yoori,"This is my first review on the Neptunia series as the past games I felt were covered enough by the reviews, however this game I was just blown away with and I wanted to voice my input on it.StoryThe game continues from where Re;Birth 3 left off and is followed by 3 stories in one game, all 3 stories are within their own dimensions. Zero Dimension, Hyperdimension and Heart Dimension. Each story/dimension had it's own feel which made it feel like 3 different games, however keeping true to the Neptunia series. Zero Dimension was in my opinion one of the better stories solely off of how it was told. It was a lot more serious, has a more darker story behind it and you actually worry about the survival of the characters during this story, that is how well it was written. Hyperdimension wasn't as serious as Zero Dimension, Hyperdimension kept more of the aspect of keeping the randomness, the jokes, the 4th wall breaking that is a staple of the Neptunia series. Heart Dimension was a pretty good closer as well. The story felt mixed with Zero Dimension and Hyperdimension but there was a lot more twists in Heart Dimension. I always thought Re;Birth 2 had the more serious story but Megadimension took that over easily. I would go as far to say that this has so far been the best story out of the series and I truthfully enjoyed Re;Birth's 3 story more than any of the previous games as I felt it covered a lot more, but once against Megadimension toppled that.GraphicsUpon starting the game, you will notice quite an upgrade in graphics. Movies look a lot more smoother and stable, the menu and UI look a lot more sleeker, the artwork and text box in the visual novel parts of the game look a lot more crisper and higher quality and the actual gameplay looks and feels a lot better. Animation looping is also a lot more smoother than previous games. The CG in this game also got quite an increase in quality and detail, some of which look stunning.SoundtrackThis soundtrack was phenomenal. OST in games is always something that is a huge importance to me and the Neptunia series has always had a good amount OST that I enjoyed listening to while playing the game. Megadimension has a new OST while keeping previous music from other games. The new OST I feel they went above and really did a fantastic job on it. Every dimension has their own version of music, be that the over-world, in the dungeon(s) or enemy battles and they did a great job of getting those soundtracks to match the feel of that dimension.GameplaySome new things have been added to gameplay.- The Guard Break from previous games is now changed to Part Break in which certain areas of an enemy are guarded that need to be broken to deal more damage, such as their head, behind them, their sides. There is no longer a Break attack, it is just a Standard attack. Attacking an enemy with Parts on it will be be broken overtime regardless of the moves used against them.- The over-world has changed completely. You no longer freely pick where you want to go, instead it's mapped out and you travel to the places (best compared to like Super Mario 3 over-world.) Upon traveling to a place in the over-world you have a chance to encounter a battle. This is completely random as you can encounter enemies every 2 steps or you can run the whole map and not fight a single enemy. This can become repetitive as the enemies become weak as you level up, their EXP and credit drop stops being worth it and you may just want to get to somewhere quicker. After you beat the game and start NG+, you get an item that lets you disable or enable random encounters in the over-world.- Scouts make a return again but this time a little different, however a lot better in my opinion. The new scouting system works similar to the Fury system in Fairy Fencer F. You select a scout or scouts and send them to a dungeon or split them up into multiple dungeons. Each scout has a dungeon effect be that a positive or negative effect. Such as +10% credits and -5% EXP. The scouts run on a timer to complete a dungeon and when they return they will bring you items from the enemies there, credits, a chance at a new dungeon for you the explore, a chance for a new scout or scouts to join, a hidden treasure hint and will find 2 new enemies for you to battle, which are bosses. The hidden treasure hint is how to get a hidden treasure for that dungeon only. There are certain steps you have to do in order to complete that one hit such as win 5 battles without healing, win against 5 dogoos in a row, ect. One thing you will find from a good portion of hidden treasures is an item called Energy Mate, which is used to level up your scouts. The higher level your scouts are, the more items and credits they will find, as well as the chances for scouts to join.- Combo Trait is a new feature added to your attacks. Before each attack, you may notice that one or more attacks may be glowing, that is how you start the combo train. When using this, all attacks for that combo will always hit and will always be critical hits.- The EX Finish is no longer here in the form of a combo like in previous games. Instead there is now Coupling Skills, which when you get the required EXE, in your skill menu you can use the Coupling Skill. There is also now Formation Skills which work by having certain party members in the battle in a certain formation to use a skill. They all have to be in normal or HDD forms for them to work.Example: Neptune and Nepgear in a battle, both must be in HDD or in their normal forms. One cannot be HDD and normal at the same time for it to work. You can have a 4 person formation attack, however the same applies they must all be in HDD or normal form and you must make the correct form (on the skill page you may have to be in a triangle formation for a 3 person attack, a square for 4 person attack or ""sandwich"" an enemy for a 2 person attackSome Cons- When in the skill menu during a battle, I have noticed that when cycling through the skills quickly, I get some slight frame drops (my hardware is not the issue.)- Random encounters. As I mentioned above with the over-world, random encounters can become repetitive. I have the item that stops that, however until then, the endgame was getting a little tedious with all the random encounters.SummaryStory: Very well written, serious moments while keeping true to the Neptune series of having funny and random moments.Graphics: Graphics look a lot cleaner and smoother than the previous games. Looping animation is also a lot smoother than previous games.Soundtrack: Honestly, one of the better OSTs I've heard in a while, they really stepped it up big.Gameplay: A lot of new stuff added which adds to the experience of the game.Neptune:She's the protagonist and will break the 4th wall to tell you multiple timesConclusionIf you have been a fan of the Neptunia series or you like JRPG's in general, definitely give this game a go. The price might push some away, but it's honestly worth with the amount they included into this game. The story is honestly worth getting into and like I stated above, there's a lot of humour, seriousness and plot twists. They really outdid themselves with this story and I really enjoyed this story and game in general. If you haven't played Re;Birth2 or Re;Birth 3, there will be multiple references you won't get, however that will not make it so you can't play the game at all, you can jump into this game as your first Neptunia game and still play the game no problem, learn slightly about previous games and that always gives you the headroom for going back to play the previous ones. If you get the DLC and don't want to make the game too easy, I would use it after you beat the game once. A lot of the weapons and armour make the game way too easy.I would highly recommend as a purchase!"
,Recommended,460120,24214963,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,「Iriya」,"I ♥♥♥♥ing crying, just, crying.15th times i cry on TRUE ending.It's best, i wanna try again...Uzumes Daydream friking awesome.Just... just... play, and watch the true ending.HONYAAAAA, HENSHIIIN!NEPU NEPU NINARUU"
,Recommended,460120,26794100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CrashyBashy,"Ah yes, another Nep game. This series has always been fun for me. Played the PS4 version but bought the PC version too.Great new characters, good character developement, excellent OST and a great storyline.Nep/10."
76561198079061265,Recommended,460120,25619942,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ashcroft,"Best NepGame i played so far.Pros:- better graphic,- more types of enemies,- 3 big stories- all 4 Goddesses have their little stories- Scout System,- works great even on mid-end Laptop,- Uzume and Gold Third are cool.Cons:- little worse Development System,- Still no Plutie.As always Nep/10"
76561198267370353,Recommended,460120,30287243,Posted: 2 March,all,CPU_Kenji,"Welp, I guess it's time to do this.First of all, let's have a short resume of what this game is...Megadimension Neptunia VII is the fourth part of this franchise's ""main story"" and the sequel to the events of Victory generation. The story follows the adventures of the CPUs of Gamindustry, Neptune, Noire, Vert and Blanc as they once again struggle to save their nations from total destruction. What made this game different from the earlier release is the fact that it's not one, but three different games merged into one, and it takes place in three different dimensions as well.Pros:Improved gameplay- One of the most notable features about this game is the improved gameplay mechanics and new elements such as the investment or the combos that, unlike earlier releases, won't let you spam the same attack over and over again, making you actually stop and think about what sort of combination of attacks you want. There's also the offensvie and deffensive stat boost granted by the support characters on the back that help you make your main four do more damage or become more resilient, and the challenges that will definitely make your favorite girls have an edge over the rest.A more serious, yet still funny story- Unlike earlier games, Megadimension follows a darker and more serious story, which is something many people (me included) found suprisingly pleasant.Don't worry about things getting too gloomy, though, because the protag of protagonists always makes sure to shove in one of her meta jokes and constantly keep you laughing like she always does. And the other CPUs won't fall behind in making you laugh either.Amazing soundtrack- One thing everyone can agree on with this game is that the soundtrack for this game was probably one of the best in the whole franchise. With calm and soothing tones that help you feel like you're just having a casual walk or battle songs that will make sure to pump you up for the upcoming battles.Monsters that look like real monsters- Remember those walking eggplants? Or the console shapped animals and pacman-like ghosts wandering around the dungeons? Well, you won't be seeing any of that here.Instead of the usually cute and comical monsters, this game introduces a new batch of enemies that look a lot more like proper monsters. From giant mutant turtles and gundamn-looking robots to demons and even giants taller than a skyscraper. No more fluffy dogoos and weird horse-bird hybrids, now you're dealing with the real deal.New characters- Yet again, there's a whole new cast of characters, both ally and foe alike. And some of them ae just as erratic and hilarious as our all-time favorite girlsCons:unsatisfying treasures- In the dungeons, you can get hidden treasures for fulfilling certain requirements. Unfortunately, though, these treasures can be rather unsatisfying or even dissapointing in comparison to the effort needed to fulfill some of these requirements.Unnecessarily difficult coliseum- One of the things many of us loved about the Nep games was the coliseum, an extra area aside from the story where you were free to choose from a list of pre-made battles and could fight to your heart's content without worrying about getting the game over screen even if you got defeated. And besides from having all sorts of amusing battles, you could always use it as a  quick way to farm some healing items or credits and do quick leveling. Unfortunately, this is not the case with Megadimension.This time, the arena fights aren't very enjoyable. Enemies, even those in the lower lv requirements can be quite a pain to fight, and it's after reaching lv 200 when things get really annoying when fights used to start getting challenging at around lv 500 to 700 in earlier games. Most enemies take incredibly little damage or require a specific type of attack to even take damage at all (Dark Black, for example, won't take a single point of damage from anything except ice attacks, and even then her massive pool of health makes the fight painfully long and monotone) requiring you to be much more of a strategist than before, which is something not everyone enjoysAnother detail is the rewards being a one-time only reward. Things like rare accesories and weapons I get it if I can only get them once, but healing items and idea chips are something that could help a lot if they could be farmed, even if it's just to sell them for extra credits.Missing costumes and processors- One thing I couldn't help but notice after searching through every dungeon, quest and arena fight was that, while the CPU candidates had their maid, cosplay and idol costumes available, Neptune and the others didn't. And I'm not talking about DLC costumes here, I'm talking about the school and idol uniforms. Costumes that were always available without DLCs since Re;Birth 1. And yet, they're nowhere to be foundAnd the core processors that appeared in Re;Birth 1 and 3 seem to be missing as well despite all their processor parts being available.I don't know if this was a mistake or something done on purpose, but that's just not okay.Level grinding is frustrating- Along with some of the most unpleasant things found in this game, probably the second one to bother me the most was the insane EXP requirements. Reaching a high enough level to beat the game isn't that hard, and reaching level 99 is easy if you know about the big metal dogoo, but it's after hitting lv 99 when things get complicated, and it doesn't take long for them to get crazy either.Unlike before, the arena isn't really a choice for grinding for max level. So the big metal dogoo, which gives 10 million EXP per kill, quickly becomes the fastest way to grind. Getting to it isn't that hard once you get used to the dungeon, but what's really frustrating is the amount of times you need to fight it. Which rounds up around hundreds, if not thousands of times. And this process can be quite brain-numbing.Now I'm not one to judge how others do their game design, but when the fastest method to reach max level is having to kill the same enemy thousands of times (around 3000 if the discussions page is right) then i think it's time to take a moment and think things through a little bit more.Conclusion:In all and all, Megadimension Neptunia VII is still a great game. It may have taken some bad decisions (Some of which could be fixed rather easily), but it improved over earlier releases in many ways and has by far one of the best stories in the franchise along with a clasic meta sense of humor that will appeal to both old-time fans and newcomers. If you're a Nep fan, then this game is a must-have, and even if you're not, then give it a shot, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,460120,24209638,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kimion,Playing this with 15-25 FPS on my potato but it's still the best game i've played so far.Fried Shrimp/10
,Recommended,460120,33104515,Posted: 1 July,all,Loli Masta,"Best Neptunia game so far.If you likes the other games (say Re;Birth or the PS3 ones), chances are you will fall in love with this game in the first hours of gameplay.Graphically speaking the game looks better than ever and the dungeos look more alive than before (at least there's more this time around).The soundtrack is just too good, and is worth the 6$ price for the deluxe set.The DLC tho i don recommend using it in your first playthroug, while is not that OP as in other Compile Heart games (im looking at you Mugen Souls) i can ruin your adventure making you invincible for the most time of your adventure.So basically, i higly recommend this game, if you like a good JRPG this game is four you. And if you´re new to the series, i higly suggest you to buy the Re;Birth trilogy, as they're algo good games."
,Recommended,460120,24395860,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Serothel,"Where I jumped into the Neptunia series ""for the lulz"", Megadimension Neptunia VII comes out of left field as legitimately one of the best JRPGs I've played. Excellent new characters, new arcs instead of the classic Nep ""haven't we done this before?"", and a story with surprising depth and range make for a Neptunia game that's grown up from being all about jokes and references (there's still plenty, though) and has really come into its own. Nep VII is the best yet, and presents a promising future for the series."
,Recommended,460120,27677987,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zack.SR,shut up and take my money
,Recommended,460120,24129270,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BOT Yoshino (四糸乃),"i7 4720hq32gb RAMGTX 980mIt's almost amazing how they always come up with new mechanics in their gameplay in every sequel unlike other rpgs which usually make little or no changes to the gameplay in sequels. The story is enjoyable, lovable characters and fresh new experience.However, the PC port still faces certain problems such as screen tearing in fullscreen (should be fine in borderless and windowed), random fps drops to 20 (for me) and vertical sync function not working as intended. (I turned it off but it still locked at 60 fps).One thing to note about this installment is that the story is a lot more meaningful and deep than the previous series so I found that rather surprising but very refreshing as an experience as well.In conclusion I highly recommend those who love rpgs to buy this game as I really believe it will be worth the content it presents. (Though it would be great if they fixed the issues asap)."
,Recommended,460120,33922459,Posted: 31 July,all,xXx_SwagMaster_xXx,"First things firstIf you're looking for a game with deep story and shocking plot-twists then this game isnt for you, this game appeals to a very specific niche. But dont be affraid, enter the Neptune( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Short Version-Voice acting 10/10 (quality work right there)-Story 8/10 (I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself many times laughing)-Art 8.5/10 (Gorgeous and non static)-Mechanics 8.5/10-Characters 9/10 (This is why you keep playing, the characters just make you want to go back and play more with them)-Replayability 8/10 (NG, NG+, etc)-OST 7/10 (enjoyable,average music, with the exception of 2 tracks)Megadimension Neptunia VII is a turn-based JRPG with a funny story, magnificent characters and average OST. The mechanics are good enough to keep you entertained for a long time, you can develop items such as weapons, potions, sets, etc. This game is difficult to some extent, you're going to need better weapons and abilities in order to defeat harder bosses.The dungeons are ok; simple, but not big enough to make them monotonous.(Good) Weapons are hard to get, you gotta do some errands and defeat major enemies to get required materials or get the weapons directly by defeating them.The strong point of this game are, without doubt, the characters. This is my very first Neptunia game and I absolutely loved every one of them, they're in synergy with the story doing things like breaking the fourth wall and making you laugh.The art is pretty nice, very detailed, well colored. The voice acting seems to be done by pros because they are in line with the character personality and sounds great.Neptunia's world is full of game references, in fact, you got 3 factions representing 3 major consoles:-World; Gameindustri:Lastation: PlayStation 3Leanbox: Xbox 360Lowee: Nintendo WiiI recommend this game if you like anime-style RPGs"
,Recommended,460120,24983702,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Green Red,"Well, time to review this game, huh...I had a very fun and wild experience with this game.Combat mechanics had some new features which were fun to use(You can use heal skills OUTSIDE BATTLES NOW, HOORAY! And Combo trait system was neat.)Giant Battles actually pose no challenge whatsoever but I feel that they will be more challenging in ColloseumStoryline went even above mk2\RB2 in terms of darkness(bad ending can really show you how much you screwed up if you didn't do the conditions for normal and TRUE end)And I even shed a tear in Normal End...(which hasn't happened since that HORRIBLE ENDING)New characters had pretty cool personalities(especially K-sha and S-Sha), but where are the rest of Makers? I wolud have loved to see interactions between Tekken and C-sha or Cave and S-sha for example.But that person who thought that Neplunker was a good idea can go to hell. That thing REALLY FRUSTRATED ME. Everything can kill you if you don't plan your movements. Also that Fog of War labyrinth is really frustrating, too(Maybe I'm bad with directions, who knows)And Random Encounters can be really annoying.REALLY.ANNOYING.Graphics improved slightly and new dungeons look really beautiful.Soundtrack IS REALLY GOOD(especially Giant Battles)! I even recieved a few eargasms!Also FIRST PLAYABLE MALE WITH BADASS VOICE(if you have the DLC)In short, it's still the same grind fest that fans love and enjoy.8/10 For this game from me. And now excuse me while I start a 4-th New Game+ to get everything and beat whole colloseum."
76561198103441823,Recommended,460120,24133298,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,机械教护教军/Skitarii,"Scoundrels, heretics,Nepnep believers!Listen! Do you crave redemption? Do you feel that burden of poverty crushing you? You need relief. But how? How can you ask for help unless you first help yourself?Give. Unto Neptune.I was once a wretched Corpus tech, breaking my back just to earn a credit. Then, I found that glorious energy.And when I gave my first offering, how it's great joy rained down upon me!Do you want what I have received? Do you want it for yourself? Then give. Unto Neptune. Let your credit be the seeds of your climax. Give unto Neptune! And you will be rewarded a hundredfold! Neptune be the word, and the word be Sublimation!"
,Recommended,460120,25208738,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BAKIT HINDI 12:00,Lock that door by the way.
76561198256107902,Recommended,460120,24151077,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Joorak,"Let's see...I'm hopped up on nep so forgive me if this seems disorganized. I'm also very sleepy.Map design is flawlessly executed. Each dungeon is unique and wonderful.Every enemy (that can speak) is voiced.Combo system is freaking amazing. Better than ever before.Uzume is a total badass.Nep is, as usual, adorable.Bath scene pretty early on.Second (bettter) bath scene later.A lot of high quality voiced scenes.Badass cutscenes.Amazing soundtrack. Absolutely wonderful. WILL BE VENUS is a personal favorite.New exe system is awesome and not OP anymore.Activating HDD always feels so good. The animations are so good. And if you wanna nep up, you gotta work for your HDD.Noire is as wonderful as ever.Uzume has a really nice butt.Formation skills force you to keep moving during battles. Keeps em faster paced than before, while still requiring some element of strategy.No 4th wall.A new kind of battle that I won't spoil, but I'm just gonna say it was PERFECTLY executed.Superb story so far.Histoire knows about the memes.They know about Nep x Noire fanart.""Pictures of CPUs spanking eachother. Gross!"" - Noire 2016Wonderful voicing on the menu. ""I'm gonna die. I'm SERIOUSLY GONNA DIEEEEE!!!"" - Nep 2016Final verdict? As a unique kind of reviewer, I rate games based on what kind of game it is and what it tries to be. As a JRPG, I give it a 9.5Absolutely wonderful. There are a few restrictions in place as part of the story, so I can respect that, but I feel like somethings could have been executed slightly better. There are also some lag issues. But hey, as a port from the PS4, that's to be expected. But over all, a WONDERFUL game.As a Nep game, an easy 10/10. This is easily the best Neptunia game yet. My play time (as of yet) easily reflects that.Buy this game. You NEED to buy it if you love Neptunia. If you are just a simple RPG fan, try this game out. You are very likely to fall in love.And remember. Nep responsibly. I certainly have not. I'm going to bed."
76561198096999713,Recommended,460120,28537424,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BeePee,"Are you a fan of the neptunia franchise?Buy this game. Don't give it a second thought. Probably the soundtrack too.Don't know much about the series, but think it looks interesting?I'll tell you my experience and try to help you make up your mind. (I assume since you're here the anime aesthetic doesn't bother you.)I bought this game around the time it came out on steam for a similar price to what it is at now, during the winter sale, selling much of my DotA/CS:GO inventory to make the purchase. I had played about half (I think) of the first game, watched about half of the anime series, and bought the second game but never played it. My reason for not finishing the first game was that it was too grindy. I didn't really know what I was getting into. The characters were fun, but the gameplay was repetitive, and a lot of the mechanics weren't clearly explained (elemental damage). The only thing that matters from that prior experience is the familiarity with the characters, and even then this game does a decent job of re-introducing everyone, although there will be a few jokes or references to things that I and you may not get. That doesn't really detract from the experience.What this game did was improve greatly on the actual battles (in my opinion) and made it so that much less grinding was required to beat the bosses. If you just naturally fought any enemies that you met, you would almost always be sufficiently leveled for the big encounters. The combo mechanic for your attacks makes your choice for moves and weapons more interesting and intuitive. The story is very engaging, and you get to spend some quality time with all of the major characters. The normal end was very good, and the story built up to it very well. The ""true end"" achieved by doing a couple of specific things earlier in the story, which you'll probably have to look up to do properly, is an amazing conclusion. Once you beat the story, there is a seemingly unlimited amount of gameplay to be had completing quests and doing battles.I think this game would make a good introduction to the neptunia franchise, and highly reccomend it at its winter sale price, I wouldn't have minded paying full price for it originally if I knew what I was getting."
,Recommended,460120,34685917,Posted: 2 September,all,Rem ✡OmaeWaMouShindeiru,Too.. Many.. Particles... I.. Only.. Have... 128 MB... of.. VRam...
76561198111807805,Recommended,460120,24193628,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Garda,"I have cleared all the Hyperdimension Neptunia ReBirth series (1,2,3) and U aswell, and thats why i can say and i will say that this game is THE BEST COMPARED TO ANY HYPERDIMENSION NEPTUNIA SERIES!THE GRAPHICS! THE SOUNDTRACK! THE STORY! IS SO F***ING DAMN GREAT!!!!*This is my review about this game (my english isnt perfect. so im sorry if there is a rip grammar in this review T_T) And if u want to read a better review i’ll give you the link in the end of this reviewAbout this gameThis is a sequel of Hyperdimension Neptunia Re Birth 2 and 3, but if u didnt play Re Birth 2 and 3 its ok, because the story isnt really related to that both game. And if u ask why i didnt say if this game is sequel of Re Birth 1 because Re Birth 1 is a story about different dimension (SuperDimension)There is so much improvement to this game, such as battle system, animations, and grapics. The story is absoultely great as well. And you know what? This game isbetter than Infinite Bullsh*t or Doom or even GTA VI*ehem, i mean its better than tetris.Pros1st, Something that is common (many people already know)+New Battle System/Features+Next Form+3 Dimension’s Story+New Dungeon mini-game2nd, Additional+Animations improvement+60 FPS+WITHIN THE POWER OF NEXT GENERATION, THE JIGGLE  ARE REAL!!! EVEN BLANC’S CHEST CAN JIGGLE!!! HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)+Best Graphics in Hyperdimension Neptunia Game (ofc, this is Next-Gen Nep afterall :>)+So Many New Great Soundtrack+Many New Dungeons+4th Wall Joke3rd, Something that i really like+ADULT NEPTUNE!!!!!! (≧v≦)+MORE NEPTUNE AND NEPGEAR!!! (≧v≦)Cons-Histoire became adult ヽ(≧Д≦)ノStoryI will just write the main of the story, so there will be no spoiler for the details :>1.) Zero DimensionThis is a world that neptune and nepgear found and its on the brink of collapse. In here you will meet uzume (orange heart) and ADULT NEPTUNE, and you will fight the dark CPU together2.) Hyper DimensionThere is a CPU Shift Period in this dimension, and there is a group called “Gold Third” that wants to be a new ruler of HyperDimension,.3.) Heart DimensionZero Dimension chara, Hyper Dimension chara, Gold Third became one to fight the enemyConclusionWell the conclusion is...BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!And this is the link for the other good review :tech-gaming.com/megadimension-neptunia-vii-pc/"
76561198025980821,Recommended,460120,24121223,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RawShank,PC SpecsOS: Windows 10 64bitProccesor: i7-2600k CPU @ 3.40GHzRam: 16 GBGraphics: AMD Radeon HD 7700 1 GBPlayed prior on ps4Megadimension Neptunia VII arrives on steam and fairs pretty well. Join Neptune & co. on a quest involving securing a VMU memory card (or dreamcast machine) that can alter dimensions.ProsDecent port of the ps4 gameGraphical options (small but still)1080p + 60fpsGreat soundtrack4th wall jokes and references are hillariousMostly balanced throughout the playthroughCG movies have substitles which were absent from the ps4 versionMove Setup is kept upon starting new game +ConsPort does have some lag issuesSlightly longer load times when compared to the ps4 versionFan service isn't for everybodyPS4: 9/10PC: 9/10
,Recommended,460120,24563257,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Grysil,"-If you already know what nep is, buy the game and in the case of having potato computer, experience several cringy moments while playing.-If you do not know what nep is, buy the game so you will know what nep is.pros:-nep X2-it's the longest game so far-new waifu: Uzume-new fish: Umiocons:-no ploot/pea"
,Recommended,460120,24304049,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Valkyria,"Megadimension Neptunia V II is, by far, the best installment in the Neptunia series until now.The combat has been improved and somewhat diversified, with the addition of the ""parts break"" mechanic, the link formation combos and the Sharing Field battles, which require more strategic placement against certain foes. The grind was also lessened considerably, as merely exploring dungeons for items is enough to level in times of need.Regarding the dungeons, they are now much more interesting to explore, since they're much larger and more varied, some with areas only accessible later in the game, which can give you great rewards for exploring.The soundtrack was improved DRASTICALLY with entirely new tracks, adding an intensity to the battles/scenes the past games sometimes couldn't provide.The story was quite a nice surprise, with way more character development than the previous titles, a much larger cast of important characters, the absolute best antagonist in the entire series, three different endings and even some routed scenarios! (By the way, one of those endings *might* make you cry, just letting you know)Repetitive jokes such as Vert mentioning Blanc's bust size are a rare sighting now, that might be a positive or a negative point depending on the person. (I was getting tired of those, though)Twice as much Nep with four times more intensity. I can't see that as a negative point for anyone.Also, Uzume. That's a big positive.NEXT Forms and NEXT Drives for increased flashiness and damage in battleMemes, a lot of them. You decide whether that's good or not.The Scout and Crafting Systems are completely optional and won't interfere in your playthrough unless you want them toNow, for the actual negatives.I would say some dungeons are bothersome to explore due to their uncomfortably large proportions and amount of rooms, making it easy to get lost.The combat systems, although a lot more diversified, might still be a bore for some, but it's definitely better than its predecessors, and assuming everyone reading is familiar with JRPGs and/or the Neptunia series, this point might seem unnecessary.A relevant amount of players are experiencing gamebreaking glitches related to their graphic cards, so there's this risk. I expect a patch to be released soon, since there've been quite a few complaints.Overall it's a very solid title for newcomers to the series and even more so to veterans. However, I'd recommend playing the other games first (at least Re;Birth 3) since it's a direct sequel to them."
,Recommended,460120,24165156,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,liVEvIL,"A LOT BETTER than previous games!I'm not nepping kidding you! Huge overhaul on every nepping aspects...The graphic more mature, SFX + BGM + voice over are noisier in a good way and UI more vibrant, still very user friendly even for new comers. If you played previous games, you will learn instantly!I wish there are more options in graphic settings tho..."
,Recommended,460120,32216548,Posted: 6 June,all,InsanityS,"I love the Neptunia series despite the odd choices they make at times, and when it comes to the core games this entry is the best yet on Steam. The story covers three campaigns following multiple character paths and plenty of content to dig into. HDD forms feel awkwardly limited this time around but the combat features plenty of other options that I can overlook it. General pacing is done better than past games, especially the beginning which is difficult but more focused. The world map random battles are a pain though. The game nails it on the presentation side of things though. The OST is one of the best I've ever heard in a video game and it's not shy about showing off the fantastic graphical designs.Full review here."
76561198065753009,Recommended,460120,28872784,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hazuli,"Probably the greatest game I’ve ever played.10/10 – Would fall in love with a 2D hyperactive pink-haired memelord again.---But seriously, this game is awesome. I originally bought it as a joke game on PS4 to pass time while I waited until new games actually came out, and it ended up being one of my favorite games I’ve played in a while. If you like cute girls, anime, visual novels, cute girls, JRPGs, memes, or even cute girls, buy this game. Trust me, it’s great."
,Recommended,460120,29715439,Posted: 5 February,all,[NN$]Mr.Lucky,"Ok First,all i wanted to say is : This game isBEAUTIFULThe Story,Soundtrack,Graphics that wasAMAZINGcompared to previous seriesThe Best Neptunia Game i ever played and i really love the story and character developmentThe only thing bad about this game isDLCthat is veryoverpowered10/10 would nep again"
,Recommended,460120,25322964,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,「ハナ」,Pro :-much better story than previous nepnep game-awesome new characters-awesome music-nepnepCons :-no pururut
,Recommended,460120,29261204,Posted: 14 January,all,❤Nowaru-sama❤,"TL;DRThe story is really long and interesting, characters are well developed, gameplay is, in many ways imrpoved but the game could use a little bit of optimization. My rating is a 9.5/10. Performance issues aside, this game is amazing and you should buy it if you are a Nep fan and have played all other games before this. If you are new to this series, then play all the other games first to see if it's your type of game, then buy this.StoryThe story is what you would expect from a Nep game, funny but it does have it's serious moments (though most of the time Neptune breaks the mood). This time, the Story is branched out into 3 arcs and is a lot longer than the previous games.CharactersThe characters introduced in this game are extremely interesting and well developed as the game progresses. I don't think there isONEnew character that I don't like. My favorite new characters are Uzume and C-Sha.OSTSome familiar tracks return like $100 and Minicar but the new ones that are introduced in this game are amazing, my favorite being More soul and Soutaisei Vision. If you have not bought the soundtrack yet, please do because this is some of the best music I have heard in my life.GameplayIf you have played the main Nep games before (Re;Birth 1, 2, 3) then the gameplay is almost the same, except there are a couple of changes. For one, there is no more Guard Points, but some enemies have parts that reduce damage, but can be broken if hit from a specific direction. EXE drives that use multiple characters now requires them to be in a certain position (circle, triangle) before you can use them. One thing that I dislike about the gameplay are the keyboard controls. In the previous games, I had no problem with them, but in this game they are horrible. If you own a controller, please, use that instead of the keyboard, will save you a lot of frustration.PerformanceWhile I don't have problems with performance (except for movies, which happen to a lot of people) a lot of other people do. Some people have huge lag, graphical glitches or crashes. I think this is the biggest fault of the game on PC. Idea Factory should do a lot more testing before releasing this to Steam. They do release patches which fix some problems, but it is really frustrating to have to wait for them before playing the game properly.Hope this helped you guys, have fun Nepping!"
,Recommended,460120,25987871,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Madgicarp,"I enjoyed Megadimension Neptunia VII a lot. I am writting this after having unlocked all the achievements in the game (It was tough, I tell you), this shows how much I love this game. And you might like it too!This was my first Neptunia game, and it is definitly not the last!The thing with Megadimension Neptunia VII, is that it has some really good points but also some rather ""meh"" ones about it. I will try to list them, for any of you, who would like to buy this game.Very good points:-The story is really good, I really loved it, it has some very powerful moments that made me love the Neptunia Universe!-Some pieces of music in the soundtrack are amazing, I don't have any other words to describe them. If you were to listen to one I will recommend ""Mousou Katharsis"".-The characters have distinct and intresting personnalities, which make them stand out in my opinion from other JRPGs' characters.-And they are also very funny, especially Nep.Good points:-The game is long enough to keep you entertained for easely 80 hours.-The New Game+ feature is really nice and make less painful the grinding for achievements-There are many ""mini-mechanics"" in the game that are very nice (I will not spoil them, it is up to you to discover them! ;))-The help messages is very clear and not invasive-The quest system is nice""Meh"" points:-The enemies and certain dungeons can be kind of repetitive-The graphics for the dungeons are not that great for a 2015 PS4 game (But people say there is a massive improvement from the previous Neptunia games, so it might not be that relevent)-The controls for a PC are not that great, I recommend playing with a controller (Xbox or PS4)That's it for me, even if there are some rather ""Meh"" points, this game is really nice, I enjoyed playing it a lot! So give it a try.I'm sure that Idea Factory International and Compile Heart are willing to improve their games, and I hope that this review helped, and that those issues will get fixed in the next main series games."
76561198119534537,Recommended,460120,25293006,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Scopzy,"I don't even know where i should begin, this game is awesome. I enjoyed the previous Hyperdimension Neptunia games quite a bit, but this game is just such an improvement to the games that came before it. It plays much smoother than the previous games, but thats to be expected.Pros:Smoother more enjoyable gameplayLooks better graphicallyGreat story, though i recommend playing through rebirth 2 and rebirth 3 before picking this up.Good balance between VN and gameplay3 interconnecting stories to play throughUmio's smooth as ♥♥♥♥ voiceCons:Personally not a fan of the world travelling map system. Encountering enemies when i'm retreating to a safezone to heal up and then getting attacked by monsters is not fun ;-;I can't play it on the go with my laptop ;-;Consistently Removing money from my wallet with the spin-offs and such getting ported as i buy every Neptunia title released on steam within the first few days of release and then buy some again on my ps:vita.Lack of umio's smooth♥♥♥♥♥voice after the first storyI could probably say this is currently one of my favourite games, definetly in the top 5.If you are a fan of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series, then i highly recommend you pick up this game, well worth the money."
76561198039874812,Recommended,460120,30333578,Posted: 5 March,all,xBlueye,It's a very story rich game just like the others from the series.It's starts all happy but then it goes pretty dark (which was a interesting change to see)Pros-Story rich-Funny with tons of memes-Character variety-Good graphics-Good soundtracks-AddictiveCons-Uncomplete voiceover-Abilities lack purpose on higher levels (150+)-Unrewarding grinding ( not enough xp & credit rewards)-Random encounters take a lot of your time on the 1st playthroughI would still recommend this game <3
,Recommended,460120,24293888,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Yumina Urnea Belfast,Livin' the dream. :)
,Recommended,460120,24534454,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Illusionary Idealism,"TL;DR : This game is a Nep/10And so the game that is considered to be the one of the best entry in the Neptunia series finally stopped being a PS4 Exclusive and comes to steam, while it comes with a hefty price and hardware to even run this game, the game offers great enjoyment to those fans of Neptunia and newcomers alike.In the Story department, this game does not require you to play all the previous titles in order to fully enjoy this game, Megadimension Neptunia VII delivers its story fairly well and welcomes newcomers to the series with open arms as this game is well safe aware of itself and will actually point out what you missed in the previous installments. The classical humor and jokes from the cast are still here, and you'll see why there's alot of memes around this series as a whole.Presentation wise, this game is gorgeous, the artists did a really good job in to presenting the world your traversing through, the world looks vast and each dimension has its own unique atmosphere which correlates to the story in some way may it be Dark, Vibrant and Colorful or Sorrowful, you'll see these themes present as you play.As for the gameplay, Megadimension rehashed alot of its gameplay elements from the previous titles, the overworld has been changed to give the overworld substance in between fighting and progressing the plot. And speaking of combat it has been redone in a way that scraps old mechanics in favor of new ones, some may see this as repetitive throughout the game but this is to be expected in a JRPG.Sound is one of the major things this game is being praised for as it should, like everything else the music is miles better than its predecessors and the sound effects is very crisp and satisfying, from the Opening Title Theme to the Ending Credits Theme, I assure there will points where you will just drop everything in order to listen to the music, though be forewarned with your volume settings because some parts of this game doesn't know when to be loud or not.All in all, Megadimension Neptunia VII is delivered nicely and is very welcoming to newcomers of the series, everything here is done miles better than what its previous titles did, and for the hefty price and hardware required this game is all worth your time and money, assuming you like dorky protagonists and anime girls but just don't delve into spoiler terrority before picking this up to ensure you get the full experience this game has to offer."
,Recommended,460120,25475750,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"I picked up the Neptunia series a little less than four months ago, and I have to say--this is the best one out of all the games that I've played yet. Although I've barely scratched the surface, I am loving what I am seeing so far. It is on the path to becoming a favourite vidya of mine. I'd highly recommend this: it's as close as you will get to finding a 'perfect game'.Pros/Cons I have noticed so far:(+): Running on a somewhat dated AMD graphics card and processor (absolutely disgusting, I know) in 45-60fps and high video quality. This is impressive given how I could not do this with Re;Birth 1 or 2--a good testament to how this is a pretty good modern port.(+): Continuity of certain relationships/certain arcs of the earlier games. It's suffice to say that this latest edition restores/retains many of the relationships from the previous games (my favorite, Nep and Noire; the sisters; Nepgear and Uni; etc). It also retains the elements of story people may have liked from 1 or 2, while not necessarily retconning or confirming others. It just leaves controversial parts of certain previous games unmentioned. In my opinion, this is a good take on how to deal with loose ends [unresolved arcs] when adding a new game to your series.(+): Pretty effective new chars.; pretty effective perosnas for each one.(+): One of the first things I noticed is that the dialogue is much less long-winded than theprevious games. The conversations featured in the game convey their main point concisely, and even manage to add some filler into each one without feeling superfluous.(+): Holds many clever parallels and/or references to the first game which I certainly enjoyed. This undoubtedly holds some significance to the story, too.(+): Impressive visuals comparative to other games in the series, and in general. I particularly enjoyed what they did with the character models during conversation scenes. Compile Heart REALLY committed to sharpening the models of each character, and I love it.(+): Like the previous games, this holds a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fan service. But you're probably well aware of this, too, if you are browsing this series in the first place.(+): Kick♥♥♥♥♥musical score(+): Glorious yuri overload(+): Large, original, and fairly pretty maps/reskins. I'm around 15% in, and its 75% original; 25% reskin.(biggest pro/con): There is no fourth wall. Take that as you will.(minor con): Takes a while for the story to officially ignite. It took around 40 minutes for me to become fully engaged.I'll come back to this and edit as I progress with the story.Update: True Ending improves the game A LOT. I was already really satisifed and considering it a favorite game of mine even with a lesser ending. After that though, I'd say I'm satisifed enough to 100% this game, which I generally never do with games. Additionally, the prerequisites to achieving it are less convoluted or understated compared to the previous games. I think fans of the series like myself will be very happy with it."
,Recommended,460120,24310800,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kashi,"Spoiler Free Personal ReviewDefinitely worth every penny with all the DLCs.-Summary-Hilarious conversations, puns about real life console wars / Game Companies / Movies, the beautiful artwork / character designs in addition to an engaging story and finally the end game colosseum that keeps you hooked till the very end.Story: 10/10Game Mechanics : 10/10Characters/Artwork: 9/10Audio: 10/10Difficulty: 10/1010/10 would definitely want a sequel and I cant wait for the spin-off game 4 goddess online: Cyber Dimension NeptuneDetailed Review-Story- 10/10The reason why I love this series is due to the perfect depiction of the console wars in real life format where each contries in gameindustry represents the popular console makers such as the Sega Neptune, Sony's Playstation, et cetera. So far the stories for each of the Neptunia series has not disappointed me. All of this series always makes me constantly asking myself  'what's going to happen next?' Neptunia VII is no exception. With this drive, I always end up spending lots of time playing it, even if you feel bored grinding, the story always finds its ways to cheer you up with hilarious conversations that will make you grin like a r*tard. However I have to say that this has by far one of the most engaging story so far coupled with some tearjerking moments. Steam already handled the summary so I will not touch on it in my review.-Game Mechanics- 10/10The Neptunia Series is probably 1 of my most favourite JRPGs ever since its first release on PS3. From spamming SP skills to Rush combos -> EXE skills, the evolution of this game's mechanics has come a long way and MDNVII has by far the best game mechanics compared to the prequels. Compile heart and Idea Factory really nailed this one perfectly. Strategic planning of your own combos to activate bonuses for critical damage as well as some special skills that you can use at your own discretion if you want to end a battle with style. Unlike the previous series where spamming skills is the best way to deal damage, this time its all about setting up the perfect combos.-Characters / Artwork - 9/10I took interest in the neptunia series when I saw the 1st game's PS3 Boxart for the first time on the shelves of my local retail store. The beautifully created characters along with each of their unique personalities has kept me hooked onto the screen everytime a conversation or dialogue is being played. All the characters in this series has never triggered my disdain even the main villians in the series always has a certain charmpoint/funny aspect about them that makes you laugh and grin everytime you see them.  Characters aside, the background artwork is always wonderfully drawn in tandem with the characters. However minus 1 from verdict points as some background are just reused from the prequels with HD Textures. Addin on, some endgame dungeons are are really annoying with no textures, like you're in some retro game and those dungeons really takes a toll on your eyes but nevertherless its not a big deal since its only like 4 or 5 dungeons.-Audio/bgm/voice- 10/10The music/bgm in this game is perfectly done for every situation and it always fits the situation you are in. Be it a dungeon, when you're transforming to HDD Form, climax sections, when you're unleashing an ultimate skill, et cetra. The audio team really composed the BGMs to fit perfectly in any situations. So far none of the bgms has made me annoyed before. As for the Voice of the characters, NIS always provided English and Japanese Voices so its a personal preference. I prefer the Japanese Voices as it feels more natural and there is more emotions involved in the speech patterns. Japanese Voice acting has always been Top Notch.-Difficulty- 10/10This series has never offered any difficulty settings and the difficulty is based on your equipment and level. The difficulty of this game is really flexible as you can choose to purchase DLCs to make the game easy for those that are interested in the story only or simply don't have the time to grind your levels or else, you can play the game normally and you will encounter certain parts that will prove to be a challenge unless you grind your levels.Kudos to NIS for translating the game ever since the start of this series as well as Idea Factory and Compile Heart for making such a wonderful series."
,Recommended,460120,24135025,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,German Shipmon Waifu ajkirby2,Definately the best installment in the franchise so far.  Graphics are much more different than what previous Neptunia games were and takes a very nice direction.  It honestly feels much closer to Fairy Fencer F (which I can consider a very high point for Compile Heart RPGs).I can only hope that there will eventually be trading cards cuz I would love an Uzume Icon
,Recommended,460120,32799130,Posted: 25 June,all,Kasen Aspen,"Double the Nep, double the fun.Don't think, just Nep."
76561198049815749,Recommended,460120,32660165,Posted: 22 June,all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ Androshi,"Truly an astounding game with good characters, plot, and Neps and the DLC was worth it also for more random side quests and what not. Overall though it was the story that interested me the most and *cough* ""big plot"" *cough* Would reccomend to people who want to Nep on for more adventuring"
,Recommended,460120,28285103,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Crossdressing Weeb,"I no longer have friends. But it's okay, I have Nep-Nep.Friends? No, Nep-Nep.Family? No, Nep-Nep.Everything is Nep now.Nep/Nep"
76561198008795381,Recommended,460120,25942824,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Eugenm,+++++!!!
76561198114339588,Recommended,460120,31785285,Posted: 16 May,all,Crip,"TL;DR: 8/10 nep game, definitely get it if you're a fan of the series but it's also a good rpg for newcomers.Now.. some reviews are saying this is ""more of the same"", but it really isn't. If you're coming from the Re;Birth games, know that there are some fundamental differences between this game and them. I'm on my second playthrough at the moment to get another ending, the first took about 60 hours. I'll list the pros and cons now:PROS+ Improved graphics. Didn't think I'd ever say that about a Neptunia game, but there you have it. You'll notice the improvements right away when you take control of Nep for the first time.+ New cool enemies. They made a bunch of new monsters to keep things fresh.+ There are fewer dungeons, but each is now massive compared to the previous games. Some have up to 4 different areas.+ Improved battle gameplay. EXE gauge is back but balanced. It charges way faster but is depleted after every fight. EXE moves are now better balanced and considerably weaker, sometimes it's better to just use a skill or a normal combo instead of an EXE.+ Combos have changed. There's no easy way to explain this, but the combos you build will depend on your weapon. You can't repeat the same move, and each of them has a certain condition that if met, will land a sure critical hit. Choosing weapons is not just about stats and area of attack anymore.+ The controller vibrates with attacks, making them pretty satysfying.+ Formation skills. Like EXEs, they aren't particularly strong but now you need to make an actual formation to use them (line, triangle or square) and the move will hit every enemy caught inside.+ Scout system. Some may dislike this, some my like it. Instead of Stella's Dungeon, now you have multiple Scouts that you can send everywhere to get items for you and provide bonuses while you're in the dungeon they were deployed to. For example, if you want to grind for credits you can send every Scout with a Credits UP bonus to a dungeon you like and then go grind there. The Scouts will also find new dungeons, unlock new monsters in dungeons and bring back new scouts.+ More challenging than the previous games.+ A new epic type of boss battle. Not too difficult, but looks awesome!+ New fun characters. I don't think anyone can dislike Steamax.+ Great story. Lots of mysteries that you'll piece back together at the end.CONS- Routes and route building. In my opinion, a major flaw in this game's design. Now instead of just selecting from the map the dungeon or city you want to go, they are now connected by routes that your character will need to traverse to get from one place to another. This process may trigger random encounters and can take quite a bit of time if you want to go from a dungeon in Leanbox to another near Lowee, for example. It's extremely annoying and time consuming for no good reason.- Party building. This may or may not be a small story spoiler, so read at your own risk.Thought you could get a stable party early on? Nope. The girls will get constantly separated into parties of two or three through the whole game. Only near the end you'll have all of them together to finally form your dream party. The way this is handled story-wise is pretty cool, but considering it's an RPG this was very frustrating.- Investment. You can now invest in cities to unlock new plans, items for sale and events. Compared to the previous games where you would find this stuff while exploring.. this is a big money sink.- There are fewer plans, from what I can tell. I ended up only making a few (6 or so) because for some reason the materials seemed very hard to come by.- The Scouts can be bothersome to manage. You need to be in a city to get their report, not from the menu like Stella's Dungeon. Also minor (and expected) story spoiler:There are three different dimensions. You can't get a report from a Scout that you sent to another dimension, so you have to travel all the way there through the annoying routes to get their stuff, and then come back to whatever you're doing. Of course, this can be avoided by not sending them to other dimensions.- Characters won't level up if they aren't in the main fighting party. Some of them have the ""Learning"" ability that lets them do so, but most don't.- Lily rank seems to increase very slowly when coupling. But now it also increases very quickly between all the four front row characters. So before coupling a pair, you might want to let them fight side by side first.Overall this is a great addition to the Neptunia series. There are some mechanics that could be improved, but this is a mostly fresh game, different from what we're used to. I'm extremely happy that Idea Factory and Compile Heart came this far with Nep games. Now we wait for Cyber Dimension 4 GO!"
76561198035391503,Recommended,460120,30858094,Posted: 31 March,all,lagrie,"This is a loved JRPG series for manny reasons.That the fanservice and waifu's are a part of it is a no brainer.But the story and humor are great, and extremely funny.The gameplay is solid and plays like a true Jrpg. The world is well crafted.The characters are extremely likeable and the dialogue between them is just hilarious.A solid port, 60fps, good looking graphics, great art style, Lot to do, TONS of content.A great game for people who love some nep with some nep. Or people looking for a solid Jrpg experience.Enjoy !"
,Recommended,460120,24240798,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MaskedDemon,"I really like it. After playing through all previous Neptunia games (Original,Rebirth,Black Heart and U) I can safely say I enjoyed this one the most."
,Recommended,460120,24141759,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Wat,"I prioritized being able to buy this game over being able to afford food.If that doesn't tell you to get this game, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,460120,24221327,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,C.Vega,10/10  would nep again.
76561198043723048,Recommended,460120,24255691,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kafuu Chino,"28 hours played in 2 days, what you did with me Idea Factory."
,Recommended,460120,33231777,Posted: 4 July,all,Dane Nicholajsen,"Ok, let's get down to the review :Pros :- Tons of waifus to choose, each with their distinctive personality- A lot of game content (70 Hours, first playthough)- Decent story- Decent english dub (TBH, i prefer nep2 english voice, the jap can be too anoying sometimes)- Some of the dungeon looks really cool (especially Lowe)- Nice soundtrack- Is that a mother♥♥♥♥ing other's JRPG reference???- Neplunker is fun- The way boobs bounce in this game makes you feels like a miserable human beingCons :- One of the heroine is a mentally unstable jailbait- They sometimes recycle the dungeon, and just change the name and monster spawn- Ahh, they also recycle the monster (this is problematic, since some monster share the exact same sprite but the other one can be ridiculously OP)- Monster hitbox is a mess, this is a big problem due to symbol attack and secret treasure mechanic (the battle start when you make contact with monster, however for some monster the hitbox ridiculously bigger than it's sprite)This is my first Neptunia game, overall i'm very pleased with this game and planning to buy Neptunia VS Sega Hard Girls.At 7-8 USD, this game is ridiculously cheap and extremely worth it."
76561198055075965,Recommended,460120,35087576,Posted: 20 September,all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"I've played a whole slew of Neptunia games before and this is definitely a worthy entry.  All the characters are their usual quirky selves.  The 4th wall gets shattered, and rebuilt for the sole purpose of shattering it again.  There's a ton of meta references.  And the new characters are cool, especially Uzume (no she didn't slip me any credits to say that).  Basically, everything you enjoy from previous titles.There were a few small changes made: some good and some bad.  I liked that they tied the weapons to their own combos, and combo traits to ensure crits, because it causes you to think about what style works best for you and realize not every new weapon is necesarily better for you.  I enjoy the strategy part of a game, and this added to it.  Not just picking out the newest weapon because this time it may not be better for you.The investment system was fine although forgettable and I didnt really find a need to develop items much at all.Difficulty-wise, it's usually not difficult (except optional dungeons), but there were some situations in the main dungeons where if you fought a certain enemy it was pretty much a game over, and every enemy will actively chase you and outrun you.  Wasn't too thrilled about that.  I don't mind difficulty, but some consistency would have been nice.The new share system was a mixed bag for me.  Shares going down from being attacked did not make sense to me because taking damage in RPGs is a given and should not be penalized.  You could also game the system through scouts and investment, but at least it would negate the damage issue.Scouts seems like a mixed bag.  They are both necessary and not.  They help you find new dungeons, items, and enemies, which can help you unlock quests, but the luck dependency can make this a chore, and makes quest hunting less prevalent than previous games.  Better than the Stella dungeons though, in my opinion.My biggest issue though is the route building, which was pointless, but also having to traverse the entire world over and over again, instead of  teleporting.  I HATED going to Lowee and then back to Planeptune all the time, because you would get randomly jumped by usually very weak enemies, like Dogoos, leading to very pointless fights that should not even be there, sometimes a dozen times per trip.  And then I had one time when I got jumped by a enemy so powerful it one-shotted my entire party, leading to a very frustrating game over.  Really wish that system goes out or gets an overhaul.Still though, very very enjoyable and I'm glad I spent 50+ hours on this."
,Recommended,460120,24272533,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Remilia / Histoire / wendy / Yui,Why you should buy this game you ask? Here's some reasons-Neptune-nepgear-Azume-Vert-Noire-Talking Dogoo's-Giant Robots-Amazing MusicP.s I love neptune
,Recommended,460120,24145235,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Parmethyst ,"Of course I recommend this, the best game yet from Neptunia series, and it's a main story not a spin-off! Speaking of story, this game is a continuation of Re;Birth 3 and have mentions to Re;Birth 2 too,if you're fine not knowing references to the previous game and only cared for the gameplay, buy this one, the others are pretty much identical and have less feature though. Or you could buy them all anyway for Neps!As for game difficulty, there's no Easy-Normal-Hard stuff here, take it however you want. If you like to grind oftenly, the combat with the boss will be easier depends on how hard you grind and overlevel them. Otherwise if you don't grind at all, get rekt.Also, DLC equipments are OP, consider this if you want challenge.Translation (or should I say Localization) quality is great IMO, on par with Re;Birth 1Due to this being a PS4 port, it require a mid-spec system, please refer to the System Requirements for the details.My PC can't handle the awesomeness"
,Recommended,460120,24168758,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ZeroLegion,"Megadimension Neptunia VIIAn awesome JRPG and next-level Visual Novel.What we have?Video Settings:Texture QualityShadowsAnti-AliasingVsyncThis is the 4 Neptunia Game for PC from Hyperdimension Neptunia FranchiseI own the The Deluxe Edition i have to say is awesome !!Artbook,soundtrack,wallpapers and the whole game art is amazing !!New features including Next-CPU Transformation and new events.For an Neptunia fan i'm glad to purchase that andi will recommand for you all !!So here comes the ratings:Graphics:8/10 (Anime Game)Storyline:9/10Characters personality: 8.5/10The ideea of 4 stories in 1 game is awesome and will took for me more than 500 hours to play finish the game 100% and also to replay it :DSo in conclusion is funny is anime is moe and is NEPTUNIA what you can except more from an JRPG Visual Novel?11/10 I WOULD PLAY IT AGAIN(OWN OPINION)"
,Recommended,460120,24154592,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,愛♡正義のNepgear~♡,Best Neptunia game ever !!nep 10/10
,Recommended,460120,31902258,Posted: 22 May,all,Nepgear ♥|Purple Sister|♥,"The first Neptunia to have a male character join the party. Joining the cast is a talking fish named Umio, Uzume who is totally cool and not a valley girl or anything, and adult Neptune who is exactly the same as Neptune but with boobs and long hair. The four godessess get more powerful forms about halfway in the story. There are three dimensions to explore. So many new processors, weapons, dungeons, monsters, music tracks, outfits, and characters set this game apart from the last three. You now have to wait for the character to move from one point to another on the world map and random enemy encounters drag it out. Things are not what they seem. An old console serving as a gateway between worlds blurs the line between reality and fantasy. All questions are answered and new friendships are made."
,Recommended,460120,25562655,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,strigvir,I like this game because it's the only way I can see girls acting cute in front of me.
,Recommended,460120,30222918,Posted: 27 February,all,huu,"[I got this game as a gift from a friend]Can I just say this? I really loved the original Victory on PS3. A lot. Quirky characters, somewhat well developed story, fun gameplay - it was gucci. When I found out VII was coming out in the west on the PS4, I really wanted to get a PS4 just for this game alone, because Victory was just that good to me. Well, need not to do that anymore, since it came to Steam just a while back.Does Victory-II live up to the sheer amazingness I praise the original Victory for? Read on to find out I guess.Story & Characters:I really enjoyed the story structure this time 'round. Victory-II does away with chapters that all previous Nep games had, and instead - everything is divided into their own story segments - Zero, Hyper & Heart Dimensions. This a nice refreshing change of pace and even though the game tries to treat these as separate stories - they're all connected to each other. The writing however...well, let's say that, unless you go for the best ending, the writing by the end of the game is rather poor. So far as of writing this I got 2/3 endings  - Ascension & Revival - and while Revival's writing is fairly decent, Ascension's just isn't - it feels really lazy, premature and anticlimactic. From what I hear though, the Bad Ending is even worse, but I cannot confirm that, as I have yet to achieve it. As a whole, I'd say the writing is okay. Gone are the long 20 minute unnecessary banter cutscenes that a lot of people hated in Victory and this time it gets straight to the point without wasting the player's time too much, but I'm not a huge fan of some of the characters in this story, in particular - the Hyper Dimension arc. Wanna know why? The Gold Third. These four characters (despite this being a GoldThird) are some of the shallowest, most predictable characters the series has ever introduced, and to be fair - they're boring as hell and it's not exactly explained who they are and very poorly explains who they were before getting their powers (I don't think B-Sha or C-Sha were explained, actually). The Gold Third in general feels almost like a last minute addition to the game to extend the game time. The same goes for the CPUs, excluding Neptune. Part of the reason I love the first Victory is because you're seeing all the CPUs develop from tadpoles to frogs pretty much and thus, you can get attached to them a lot more easily, since you, as a player, felt like you grew with the characters as you advanced in the story. Victory-II tries to remedy this with the original CPUs (since they haven't been developed since mk2/Re;Birth2) by giving each CPU their own story, but I just found them to be a repetitive slog of each CPU trying to take their nations back from the respective Gold Third and I found that boring. I don't feel like I got any closer or further to any of the CPUs, I just still think they are as underdeveloped as they were in mk2/Re;Birth2. Overall, the story & characters this time around are just okay. I don't think it's as great as the original Victory, in fact, it's a pretty mixed bag. There's a lot I like, and a lot I don't like in Victory-II. This is about as far as I'll go without stepping into spoiler territory.Gameplay:I'm at least very happy to report that the gameplay here felt very traditional. While I waited to get my GTX 1050 so I can play this game, I played spin-off games in the sense of MegaTag and Action Unleashed, and after 2 hack'n'slash Neptunia spin-offs, going back to a traditional Neptunia RPG felt like home sweet home to me. There are, however, things I feel VII did backwards when compared to the first Victory. First and foremost - the map system. I don't really enjoy the new map system. I feel like it unnecessarily slows down the whole pace of the game because traveling between towns & dungeons isn't anywhere near as instantaneous as it was on all of the games from mk2 to Re;Birth3. Not to mention that some genius at Compile Heart decided it was a great idea to add random encounters to the world map(seriously dude???). The next downgrade I feel this game made was in the form of the Scout system. You have to enter a nation to receive a report from a Scout, which, in my opinion, is very very backwards. The system in Victory was already established and, at least to me, absolutely perfect because it didn't break the flow of the game by letting you receive reports while in a dungeon. Here, it forces you to stop what you're doing to go to a nation from a dungeon to receive a report from a Scout, who might not even give you anything useful. Everything else is a pretty big upgrade. The new combo system is an amazing way to encourage the player to use more than just their Power attack. If you successfully pull out a combo - you do critical damage to your enemies. And while the EXE Drive no longer caries on between random encounters to boss battles, they made it a lot easier to build up to compensate. And can I just say - thank god they added original dungeons. Yes, they still re-use a lot of dungeons in the later half of the game, but as a whole - this is the most I've seen them introduce new dungeons in the series. It's clear that more power from the PS4 really helped them. Exploration is also somewhat encouraged, as the new dungeons have branching pathways with treasures at the end, be it a useful healing item or a brand new weapon that isn't available in the shop yet, not to mention you can break stuff to receive even better treasures, provided you get a specific item that lets you break stuff. Overall, while I'm not really happy with the new map or Scout system, I think the other changes they made to the game improve the experience, make the game more fast paced and in general - make the game better.VII also finds the right balance in difficulty. There's very few times I found myself grinding to defeat a specific boss and it never felt like it was too easy either, providing a nice challenge (Affimojas is a great example of this) while at the same time not punishing you for not being a grind-happy moron all the time. In general - the difficulty in VII is great. Not newbie friendly by any stretch of the word, but newcomers can definitely feel at ease here somewhat, as nothing ever stuck out as too difficult.Presentation & Sound:This is by far the biggest step up Compile Heart has taken with the Neptunia series, period. I've mentioned in the past that I don't think the Neptunia games have a really good & memorable soundtrack. Almost everything is a repetitive, forgettable melody that is intended just for that one cutscene it's supposed to play in. VII on the contrary adds many songs that I genuinely think are just outright amazing. From some of the cutscene music to the new dungeon music - it feels like they've taken a lot of care of the soundtrack to make sure it can be enjoyed outside of the base game too.Graphically it's also a nice step up. While it's nothing amazing, in fact - this looks fairly pixelated at 1080p, even with the settings maxed out and with anti-aliasing enabled, I still think it looks really nice.Overall:Victory-II is great. They trimmed a lot of fat with the story and removed a lot of unnecessary, outright bullsh*t things that made the first Victory a slog to play. And while they have gone backwards in some areas - the writing really could've used some work and some of the gameplay changes baffle me - I think the overall package was great.And with the ambition they set out - I think this game is well worth the bigger price."
,Recommended,460120,24266793,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dawn Sky,"This is everything that you expect of a Neptunia product and even more.It has a great sound track, a great design, meta-breaking comedy, epic fights, and pudding. Lots of nice pudding.Mainly for gameplay, the battles feel much more engaging and the world feels tons more alive with the route system. The giant battles and the transformation sequences feel satisfying and make you feel powerful as well, which is a massive plus.I've been a fan of Neptunia since the release of Hyperdimension V and I thought the cast of V was it. It was their best moment and none of the side releases like U or Hyperdevotion Noire could amass to what they've accomplished. But Idea Factory and Compile Hearts delivers to impress on VII with an even BETTER cast and even more characters to love.Who ever thought that since on release, that the dodgy original Hyperdimension Neptunia series for the PS3 would spawn such a large fanbase with such a niche but smart target audience?I'm probably just fanwhoring at this point but I do support people buying this game and hope they can have the same enjoyment that I had with it.Maybe for context, you would want to buy Re;Birth 3 first, but as a standalone, VII can be lovable as well.NepNep/10"
76561198015377395,Recommended,460120,24193074,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,StevieBond,"The long-awaited Neptunia game finally arrives from the PS4 world. Bought the deluxe version because why not and considering what I got, it was well worth the money. I consider this to be one of the best Neptunia games in the franchise since Re;birth 2. This is defintely worth a purchase as there is lots to do and the triple story arc is brilliant! :DPS: Uzume is my second fave already! :D"
,Recommended,460120,24213638,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,adhwa87,"Here is some pro and cons of Megadimension Neptunia VII. Note that this review is based on PS4 version and I believe that there are no differences between the PC version:Pro----+ Uzume (no seriously - possibly no 1 reason). Her gap moe is something!!!+ Umio.+ Adult Neptune and Neptune combi!+ Megami 2nd form!!+ Scout system now easier to understand - unlike Victory.+ Brought back the original Neptunia features - Break obstacles!+ LARGER DUNGEON!!!+ EXE drive does not carry over to the next battle (yeah! more challenging!!). No more cheap EXE spam!+ Enemies has breakable parts! (Now positioning characters makes more sense!).+ One of the few games that I need to utilise buff skill!!!!! (Kudos, challenge 5 star).+ G dimension lets you fully utilise each megami individually! No more picking fav yo! (at least in G dimension)+ More suspense and refined storyline! (Just play until the end)+ THE BGM!!!+ Each weapon have fixed preset of Rush, Power and Standard. No more cheap spam attack.+ Positioning during battle to activate party skill!!! POSITIONING!!!+ Lily system now does not require mandatory 2 party member to coupling front and back!!! (HELL YEAH!!!)+++++ FanserviceMeh-----?? HDD drive transformation eats nation shares... I prefer it to be like MK2 where it gradually eats SP overtime instead...?? Where are the Oracles????? Where are Mages?? 5pb?? RED?? Falcom?? Etc.?? Where are Pururut and Peashy????? Still... same old boring dungeon. No innovation...?? Personally I prefer Stella’s ☆ Dungeon over scout system... faster and easier.?? EXE skill and SP skill is under one window and not in different command (just personal preference).?? Battle in Sharing Field felt limited... only allows player to use skill and not normal attack. Game dev should improvise it in the future.?? Route building felt unnecessary. Instead, why not making the routes as a full explorable map instead of route point??? I notice a bit of lagging when compared to PS4 counterpart. I have a quite decent gaming PC rig with Radeon 7970 though...?? I'm not a fan of the Challenge mode though... too much time wasted.Cons------ If Megami KO in battle == ate large chunk of nation shares... WAT!!?? THIS IS PUNISHING!!!- Scout exploration outcome heavily random... detecting hidden treasure waste a lot of time even in NG+ which makes...- NO HIDDEN TREASURE SCAN ABILITY!!! WHY DID YOU REMOVE THIS??- ORNAMENTS BECOME ACCESSORIES!!??? WHAT?? (Now only Armors, Idea Chip and weapon give increased stat...) OH PULEEEZZZ!!!Overall--------I still believe MK2 (the PS3 version - not Rebirth:2) battle system is slightly better than the other main Neptunia titles, as MK2 utilising both AP and SP system approriately. However overall, Megadimension Neptunia VII delivers better content as well as gradual improvement over its predecessors. As a Neptunia fan, there are no dissatisfaction in playing this. I give this game a solid, umio out of seaman!!Should you buy it? Hell yeah!!"
,Recommended,460120,24225116,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tachiru,"Nitroplus (DLC, I know.) is literally the best thing for me since I loved the Visual Novel she's (mostly) based off of.It must suck seeing the enitre world as meat/organ-based entities and your only lover looks like that to everyone else, yet to them they look human.I wonder what it's like to be in bed of one of those things.I could ask the Visual Novel it's based of off...Saya no Uta? (Song of Saya)Yeah, you guys should read it.I hear people dubbed it too.Gave that VN a 10/10 myself personally.Oh right; this is a Neptune game review.Right...Yeah mostly everything gets better with every subsequent game.So if you like it, you'll like it. If you don't like it, that's okay.No one ever said Neptune was for everyone."
,Recommended,460120,24405902,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr. Blue,"A fun turn based RPG / visual novel hybrid that parodies the console wars. References abound, and neps galore. I rate this title nep / nep.Its fun. If you like anime, videogame humor, turn based RPGs, maybe a visual novel or too, and aren't afraid of a little grind, pick this up. It's pretty fun."
,Recommended,460120,24193701,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Seira,NepNep♥♥♥♥♥here. If you like JRPG style gameplay you're going to love this game story is pretty good and more refreshing and actually follows a good storyline from neptunia V and Rebirth3(remake) and with the 60fps everything is smooth and more enjoyable.
,Recommended,460120,24819455,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,๖ۣۜLancelot,I forgot to write a review when I started playing this... I haven't played it for awhile now but It's a good game this what I have to say.╔═════╗║░╔═╗░║║░╚═╝░╚╗╔═╗╔═╗╔╦╗╔══╗╔╗╔═╗╔╦╗╔╗║░╔══╗░║║═╣║╬║║║║╚╗╔╝║║║═╣║║║║║║░╚══╝░║║═╣║║║║║║═║║═║║║╔╝║║║║╚╗╚══════╝╚═╝╚╩╝╚═╝═╚╝═╚╝╚╝═╚═╝╚═╝Pros- Sexy Waifus- Badges *Expensive ASF*Cons- Nude Scenes *Censord* :/- Left a dent in my wallet *Broke at the time of purchase*
76561198058842636,Recommended,460120,31904457,Posted: 22 May,all,Puru_12,[WILL BE VENUS INTENSIFIES]
,Recommended,460120,24149149,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,S. Bristow,For the power of nepu!
,Recommended,460120,24182555,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Green Heart | ベール | Ivan,"** MINOR SPOILERS! HEAVY SPOILERS ARE COVERED! READ THE SPOILERS AT YOUR OWN RISK  **Im memory of my CS knife. RIPYou might've already guess it: Yes, I am a big fan of the HDN franchise. I mean, right now I am having a Green Heart profile picture. But that doesn't mean I always am a blind follower of the decisions IF made about gameplay! I always have to critizise SOMETHING a game is not doing well, or at least not at its best. While it was a...""different"" gameplay in HDN 1 (not talking about the Re;births here!) or monotonicity reagrding enemy models/dungeons in Victory, this game was another attendant to be critizisied!...Except I actually don't have to critizise that much which is just...wow.I need to mention that I have been playing this game a lot on my PS4. 100+ hoursI am structuring my review this way:1. Story2. Gameplay3. HDN-worthyness?4. Performance on PC5. ConclusionStory (9.8/10)Our heroine Neptune buzzes off in the park again just to find a mysterious console in a dark, shady alley. And why the heck so ever, the console can talk! After bringing that console to Nepgear, the Nepsters(The Nep-sisters) turn on the console!...just to be sucked into a vortex which leads our dear Nepsters into a different location (Either after progressing through the story just reading the title screen after pressing ""new game"", you'll know it's the Zerodimension) .Immediantly afterwards you'll find Uzume Tennouboshi, a VERY important character (telling by the hype or just LOOKING AT THE GOD DAMN SCREENSHOTS OF THE GAME).So...what actually happened? Why? Can the Nepsters go back to their home? Who is this Uzume? Why is there smoke around her in one of the pics on the storepage? Why am I asking so many questions? And can we get Neptune some god damn pudding please?All of these questions (well, at least most of them) will be answered while playing the game!...at least the first chapter.Yes, you read right: First chapter!This game offers us a total of 3 chapters which is just magnificent! Each of them plays in different locations which I will be covering briefly (if you dare to read some spoilers)The first chapter is obviously the Zero dimension: In this one you will mainly find out stuff about Uzume and how the Nepsters are able to get back to the HyperdimensionThe second chapter covers a big scandal in the Hyperdimension: After losing a fight (which you can't win anyways), the whole Hyperdimension changed! Not only a bit, everybody seems to have forgotten who our precious goddesses are!The third chapter is, what I like to call it, the big f***fest of f***ing your brain because this is where most of your questions are being answered!Gameplay (8.5/10)Remember me saying I critizised the gameplay of the previous games a lot? Well, I did aswell in MDN VII...the thing is thatthere isn't really much to hate about it.It is like they took the best aspects of the games and put them into MDN VII while removing the stuff people hated!Where do I start...the combat system has been kinda revamped: You can only walk in a limited, circle shaped area (MK2). Attacking while fulfilling certain conditions (combo trait) gives the reward of dealing more damage.  Even which attacks you can use is determined by the weapon your character wields. Sword A allows you to have 3 power slots, but only 1 rush and 2 standard while sword B offers 5 rush, but only 1 power and 1 standard slot + no stacking of attacks,TACTIC FOLKS.Quick explaination:Rush attacks are attacks with many hits but rather low damage, ideal for filling up the EXE gauge.Power attacks are strong attacks which aren't good at filling up the EXE gauge but do their job when having to deal a lot of damage with normal attacks.Standard attacks are a mixture between rush and power.Skills aren't op anymore and EXE attacks are weaker than in the previous games, meaing they aren't an instant win if your EXE gauge is filled up. But for compansation reasons we get more skills for our characters and the socalled ""formation skills"". Simply put: Certain formation, same state (HDD or no HDD...that's the question), certain characters, ???, profit!Coupling skills, lily skills...while it may seem like a small amount of things I listed, trust me: It's A LOT while playing, and I didn't even cover everything!There are only 3 things I didn't like about MDN VII regarding gameplay:Missing GP.I actually enjoyed the GP system due to the fact that it made me plan when to strike: Since the GP points recharge when depleted, a full frontal attack with every character when the points are depleted was the opportunity to deal massive damage. It made me think to even attack the enemy if he has a few GP points left or to just buff myself and prepare for the later phase of a fight.Sadly it's not in MDN VII. But well, many people didn't like it so it is reasonable to remove.Grinding not really needed.I tend to grind a lot. My rule of thumb was ""each chapter requires 10 levels"" (previous games). Now it's just enough to gain 2-3 levels when the enemies are too difficult.Monotonicity regarding enemies.While expanding the dungeons to be bigger and even using a lot of different looks of the dungeons themselves, one things sadly mostly remained the same: The frequency of seeing the same enemy model with the difference of being reskined/in a different colour. It isn't bothering, it'd just be cool if they'd not look the same.Overall: SOLID gameplay, minor downsidesHDN-worthyness? (10/10)I will keep this part short: DEFINETLY.The story just somehowfeelslike Hyperdimension yet it doesn't! It's a welcome mix of ideas for the HDN franchise. But otherwise?Yes, the humour is just...neppy. Neptune's being Nep again, Vert and Blanc when talking aboutthe upper part of the torso, Noire's being Noire, Uzume's being a VERY interesting, creepy, funny person...Talking about the other characters would blast my review.Play the game yourself. You'll feel like home if you know the HDN-feeling.PC-performance (8.5/10)Overall the performance of the game is good. Looks like the PS4 version.Would be great if I wouldn't have to critizise something: Game kind of has to load a bit when starting to play it (when engaging into a fight after booting the game). I don't mind it but some people might be botheredUpdate 4.8.2016:Tested the game for the frame drops today, no drops (only when ""L2-ing""(skipping) fights). Highered the points this section gets.ConclusionMagnificent, brilliant game. It really feels like the developers took their time, money and effort to make the game better in almost every possible there is! I really tried to find things that concerned me about the game...but there aren't many. And even the things that bothered me were rather minor.9.4/10PS: I didn't buy any DLC and I don't intend to buy any. DLCs make the game too easy (imo) and prefering my games to be challenging makes me not buy them."
76561198209817584,Recommended,460120,24265797,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,tr000pa,"When the reviews are saying ""this is the Best Neptunia game yet"" they are not giving double talk, this is the real deal.If you were a fan of any of the previous games in the series, then you will enjoy this game, if you like anime and JRPG tropes this is game will be right up your alley.Unlike other releases on Steam, instead of being a VITA port his is a port of the ps4 game proper so check your system specs, I had to personally upgrade my graphics card to a Geforce 750 ti, was worth it as I was also experience graphics issues with other games.If you enjoy anime and all the cliches that come with it, this is the game of all those concepts incarnate in game form."
,Recommended,460120,24191776,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DatGif,"-Even more dimensions than before, as if it wasn't already confusing enough on what's canon and what's just another dimension.-Two Nepneps-Revamped and rebalanced the op stuff in the previous titles like EXE drive and the combo system.-Lonely Noire jokes-Fried Shrimp-PlotIt's friggin' Neptunia. Just take my money."
,Recommended,460120,24161575,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kaga,Has been playing with no money left in my credit card.Absolutely love this game.I hope that there'll be a Rei DLC one day.Oops my stomach is growling...
,Recommended,460120,24134350,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Deathmones,"If you played this on the PS4 then you will know that this is a lot better than the other games. The music is fantastic while the story isn't the same old ""Go to the end of the dungeon to fight this random villan who has to face like 8 CPU's"".-Story-The game is seperated into 3 arcs in different locations. This allows certain characters to get the spotlight for that part of the story. What i loved a lot about Megadimension is that the story isn't as predictable as the other games (Depending on how well you know the series). And that the CPU's are brought down to their weakest state, which gives things a change of pace compared to Re;birth 3. When i was waiting for the PS4 release i was scared that i wouldn't like any of the new characters. And i was wrong because Megadimension holds my favorite villain in the series and 2nd favorite character in the series (Uzume).-Combat-I love the progression system with the weapons you can get. Because the attack combos are different in this game comapred to the other games. Under an attack there is a certain requirement that has to be fulfilled. If it is fulfilled then the attack will have a 100% chance of doing double damage. What i find most interesting about this system is that even weaker weapons can be stronger then a weapon with more STR or INT, because of the ways that the combos connect up. And now there is a new form called the ""Next Form"" which can be activated if you already have HDD up. And you gain a new EXE attack where once used brings you back to the human form (But its really powerful so its worth using).-Music-The music is godly and no doubt about it. The music is picked perfectly for the current mood of the game and situation. This can be between boss fights, normal fights, transformations and the zone you are walking around. One of the songs made me even tear up when i first heard it (Katharsis).-Conclusion-Yes this is the best Neptunia game out there and is worth a shot. Especially since there is a 40% discount for the first week of release. P.S. I won't be surprised if i receive criticism but i had fun making this review. -"
,Recommended,460120,25060252,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ecchi Boy,"The storyline and the game itself is way better than the previews neptunia series IMHO. I played all neptunia series re;birth and U and this is by far my best series of all. Game battles has been improved alot, not to mention that this game is ported from PS4 so graphics is way better. They also added VSYNC control which removed the stuttering issues in the previous rebirth series.The only issues I found in the game is the constant drops in framerates even if you have a powerful cpu and graphics card. I use a GTX 960 (just a mid tier GPU) in the recommended specification  but sometimes the framerates drops at 50ish at some dungeons but goes back to 60FPS immediately (this maybe due to the fact that the game is ported). But overall experience in the game is awesome!I definitely would like to recommend this game to all neptune fans out there."
,Recommended,460120,24126568,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Takimoto,Megami No Chikara Misete Ageru Wa!!  10/10
76561198089933978,Recommended,460120,34962538,Posted: 14 September,all,Plutie,Another Great game from the hyperdimension seires. adds a whole new TRANSFORMATION!! super sick! boss fights a whole new experience too!
,Recommended,460120,24162994,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Qzarel,well this is MASTERPRICE of the Neptunia Series i've ever played !!there's a lot of thing to do and i do suggest buy it with out DLCs thing it would be challenger to playIt was still on sale till 13 July but still worth it even it was full price :P
,Recommended,460120,24263996,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Lysosia,"NepNowa is dead. K-Sha is love, K-Sha is live, highschool romance is the best and Lastation people says Noire is lesbian."
,Recommended,460120,24127692,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gunstar Contra,"So I already beat/Platinum'd this game on PS4 already.  Mostly just bought it as a formality.  This is THE best Nep game that exists at the moment.  That being said, people who aren't into Nep probably shouldn't even remotely consider buying this.  You know who you are."
,Recommended,460120,24537609,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,R,Worth all the moneyNepu/10
,Recommended,460120,24450047,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,jensenj2,"this is the best neptunia game to date!lots of nepgear, lots of uni, improved animations, and one of the happiest true endings i've seen - that's just a few of the things that make this game so goodi would personally recommend buying the other canon titles (re;birth1, 2 & 3) first. that way, you'll be familiar with a lot of the characters going inhard to believe i only found out about this series < 1 year ago. i feel like i've known these characters forever!"
,Recommended,460120,24132501,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ExtremeDude2,Nepu~
,Recommended,460120,24392687,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ryuk,"Megadimension Neptunia VII (Victory II) is the latest of the Neptunia's main games, a new experience for gamers on Steam while the Re;birth games which were Remakes of the original, with many new things coming to the game, So I think I should give it a review.I have a (very) sort conclusion here and more details down below, I recommend reading the details.SummaryStory: Comedic and Sweet, Well Written.Characters: All Lovable and each are Unique.Sounds: Many great tracks! Really great voices.Graphics: Improved, 3D not spectacular but 2D arts are great. Smooth on my system but check Requirements.Gameplay: Improved. Some new changes, Strategy mitigates grinding, can get repetitive outside of boss battles once you have good tactics. But one of the best JRPGs gameplay recently.Overall: This game manages to capture my heart even when I'm not into RPGs.Recommended For: Story, Characters and Sounds.Any question or something I missed in the details? Tell me in the comments!StoryThis is what I bought the game for, and it didn't fail me.(No Spoiler)The game takes place after Neptunia Victory (Re;birth3). It is unclear how much time had passed.There areThreestories in the game.Zero Dimension: A tattered dimension where a lone CPU is fighting against a mysterious enemy.Hyperdimension G: The CPUs have to survive a period called CPU Shift.HeartDimension: The Finale of the Trilogy.The themes of Megadimension are: Dreams, Wishes and Determination.I have gotten both Endings of this game and both have greatly touched me.The story is usually portrayed with its unique comedy style. When the story gets serious, it wovens into the comedic style extremely well and the characters' actions all fit their personalities.The story has many touching moments, truly showing the best of the characters. Megadimension's Story is the best of the series so far and it had made me feel like tears could come at times, with all its threads well-connected.And Fanservice, The series had been very aware of this and frequently joke about it. The moments don't feel forced, they have always been focused on comedy, if you don't dismiss them, you'll the writers' good sense of humour and clever writings.Is this for you?If you like a Cheerful, Comedic and Clever story that can also be Serious when it wants to, Yes. This is a lovable world with its own sets of rules, so take that into consideration. This isn't a simple story, the writers had given its depth that I don't often see. (Considering the dozens of thousands lines of text, this shouldn't surprise you)CharactersMy favourite characters in the series: Everyone.Aside for some rare exceptions, all characters are all lovable and well written. They all look  cliche at first, but like in real life, you shouldn't judge them by first impressions, after all at first sight we're all walking stereotypes until we know each other more. Each character has their own unique personality with more depths once you get to know them.Neptune, our protagonist of protagonists, is always cheerful and happy-go-lucky, afraid of works but she had shown times and times again that she cares deeply for everyone and when pushes come to shove, she is ready to do anything necessary to help her friends and Gamindustri, even if it meanssacrificing herselfin Re;birth2'sConquest Ending.The characters' designs have been based on their real-world counterparts mixed in with some fictional quirks.Such as the new character Uzume is based on a certain console, her character and story have ties to the real-world events.Is this for you?If you like a colourful cast, this is for you. If you're not fond of archetypes, then if you can look into the characters, you may find the depths which you seek.SoundIt has some of the best music in games I have heard in a long while. There are many new tracks, many of which are composed fitting for certain situations. There are a few that feel like just ""filler music"", however many stand out.This game's Soundtrack tops all previous games' for sure. If you have similar taste in music as I do, Over 100 hours put in the game and I haven't got tired of my favourite tracks yet (although I tuned out the more generic ones).The Voices (I played in Japanese Voice) are superb, you can feel the characters' emotions through the voices alone.Is this for you?I can't really say, this depends on your taste. But for me, it had been very nice.GraphicsIt is not the best looking game nor the most optimised game, the performance fortunately is fine within the requirements. It's a shame because if the game was better optimised, it surely would attract more buyers.The game looks much better than its predecessors, perhaps it is the benefits of  being a PS4 port (Re;birth games are from Vita)The Models, Visual Effects and Animations have all received improvements. Animations in particular are very ""stylised"".The 2D Scenes have very well drawn sprites and portraits, the characters all appear in high details with different expressions. All 2D arts are new in this game and I say enough on their quality.There are many new types of dungeons and their variations. The level designs are larger than before and at some dungeons, sometimes outright mazes. Sometimes variations aren't that different, however.In short:It's not a graphic powerhouse, but you can see its styles. While the 3D visually is not spectacular, the animations and 2D arts are great, in my opinion.Is this for you?If you like Anime styles then this would fit you. Check the System Requirements, though, that's a definite drawbacks.GameplayA mix of Turn Based Traditional RPG and Action. Characters have free movements, a set of skills and moves to use.A new feature is Combo Trait. It forces you not to put into your Combo not the strongest moves, but choose moves that can fulfil the Combo Trait requirements to get Guaranteed Critical Hits.One change is to Formation Skills, 2-4 characters now have to position themselves around the targets to use.There are also more Moves for all returning characters along with new animations.Some new things for enemies. They would surround you, avoid grouping together. Some enemies have damage-reducing ""Parts"", you must attack from the right direction to break them.You may also have notice the nice newNEXTForm. Activation requires an EXE Bar and have some advantages.Grindy?When it comes to JRPGs, many expects Grind. However, to me this is not grindy if you play with tactics. For example, when I battled a major boss of the game, I failed first, but returning with more thoughts, I won.How I played:No DLC Weapons or Characters. I didn't go for extra grinding and only get into a dungeon when the story requires me to on first playthrough, and kill all monsters insight.In short:The game has some nice new mechanics which lets you to use tactics to overwise ""button mashy"" battles, allowing you to minimise grinding.Recommendation: Some are Glass Cannons, AOE and Formation Skills are your best friends (situational), use (de)buffs.Is this for you?In my opinion, it's not bad but not perfect, battles often feel best when the story preceding it builds the tension for the battle. It can be challenging at first but once you have a plan, normal enemies are quite simple and can get a bit repetitive. Sometimes the game would put you in a difficult situation to make it interesting, you would need to think about managing your items and characters else you risk a Game Over.To be fair, this is the case for many RPGs I know and MegaNep is one of the best I know of. Anyone would be surprised to hear I'm not into RPG after seeing my playtime."
,Recommended,460120,24531904,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Hoshimiya Ichigo,BEST NEP-NEP EVER!!rating 11/10 xDneptune adult is the best waifu in this game >.>
,Recommended,460120,24357569,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,GameGear,This game is definitly the best in the series and really fun to play but the only thing i can really put this game down for is the stupid rng that monsters spawn on the mini map i had to painfully die after escaping a a dungeon with no healing items multiple time and it really is a pain. other then that it a great gameEdit: This game is the ♥♥♥♥ing worst when it comes to RNG it so ♥♥♥♥ing painful i've wasted 8+ hour now opening chips to get ♥♥♥♥ing card and i'm still not bloody done.
,Recommended,460120,29106441,Posted: 7 January,all,NoireNekoノワール猫,"Neppu, its so fun.NEP IT HARD PLS"
,Recommended,460120,24389721,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Link,"Well, I see myself writing a review about this game. I didn't expect me to do this.I bought the game during the reduced week. I got the digital deluxe edition so I've got access to all DLCs and I got a digital artbook and the soundtrack. I mostly buy Neptunia games to support the franchise. I like the stories they tell, the characters are quirky and adorable. And I love to see many Japanese franchises coming to the West as I consider myself a J-Gamer. Now why do I write a review of THIS game and now the Re;birth parts - or Neptunia U.Well, to be frank: because this game touched me at a very personal level.So let's try to start with the technical parts:Technologically speaking the game is like the Re;births just sub par. It has seemingly high system requirements and it basically delivers graphics which are not on par with modern games. It is without any doubt the best looking title of the Neptunia franchise but seeing how the Re;birth parts and Neptunia U and such are essentially Vita ports you'd expect that. Still it has a graphical performance which even early PS3 titles would beat - and maybe even PS2 titles (except for their lower resolution obviously).Same can be said for the rest: the battling system is solid for JRPGs, you cannot however have very complex influence about your character development. You level up.. you change equipment. You adjust combos - and you develop items which give you some boost in some directions. That's solid! But not super outstanding. A few positive changes however include:the foes this time act far more strategically so consider who you send against them and how you position your teamformations are far more complexyou don't just smash your enemy to break their defense. You work around itA new form even stronger than the CPU formSo well.. all in all: very solid, graphically weak - but let's be honest. You don't play this game if you search for in-depth RPG game play. Do you play it because Vert has huge boobs? Or that Blanc doesn't have any at all. Maybe! In general: all the characters are as stereotypical as you expect in Neptunia - you have your Tsundere, you have your polar opposite twins and so on. Then you put a little more depth than just the stereotypical hull and that's it. It's the little depthes some characters have which make them quite lovable to me.But then: especially our big new character Uzume who joins this game. She has far deeper than the others and in my honest opinion a very lovable character after some playtime and grasping the story.And that's it: the story of this game in my opinion is just great. Not only does this game give you a very lengthy story line which stretches across 3 major stories and thus giving you several hours of game time. And even more importantly: forget about the RPG part.. forget about the simple graphics. But read the story in all its glory. The story is very touching, very deep and while it's very lengthy it doesn't feel stretched. At the end I felt like all of those details were necessary - where I sometimes thought ""Okay, that's cute but what does it mean."" The end tied up everything perfectly.In addition: the music - while often still being very generic and sometimes literally plain unfitting - at some places to me shows true glory this time. Originally I only bought the digital deluxe edition to convince Idea Factory to release more stuff in the West - now I catch myself listening to many of the tracks the game has to offer.Worth it: very much so! Would nep again! New game plus - I'm coming. I'll just wait 3 more days."
,Recommended,460120,28228097,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Nad,"19 hours in as of writing, but figured I'd put this out there. I'll update it if something changes?--NEP REVIEW PART 2: ATTACK OF THE ROBO GE-GES--Okay, so now I've cleared my first run of the game and can say a bit more. Even on a regular ending, the plot was quite enjoyable! I liked a lot of the jokes and references the game makes, some were unexpected.The difficulty never ramped up, it actually got much easier, haha. If you use the scouting system strategically (AKA you put the experience booster wherever you are) you level up far above what's required through a little grinding. That said, I greatly appreciate the ability to fast forward/skip battle animations, with how easily my party of waifus obliterated foes battles would take literally a handful of seconds. Combine that with certain characters and their abilities and you're able to tank through dungeons with barely any problems as long as you pay attention.Got to NG+ where you can literally bring everything over progress wise (including all your end game party members unlocked from the beginning!!) so I can unlock the true ending, and they hand you all sorts of bonuses to make your second run faster, I can already tell. Props that they make multi-runs accessible, now I can dig into the other systems of the game I basically ignored without having to trudge through the game again. Smart thinking!Final-Final thoughts are it's not a particularly challenging RPG for those willing to bite down deep with its systems, but it is a particularly-outstandingly fun one. I did feel like my goddess-like (CPU humor!) power was the result of my own planning, so I was proud of my first run. Totes fun, ya'll. Oh, and it took me 34 hours to clear the game due to super-over-levelling at the end. (Hint: The colosseum is an amazing grind spot for EXP and money, I leveled 6 times in an hour)--Original Review from 19 Hours in--Nep's been my closet enjoyment for the last couple of years since deciding to try it from watching my friend get the first remake of Re;birth 1, and this is the one I can definitively say is what you want out of the series. I'll admit that when I played the first few in the Re;birth series I liked the concept of the world and its characters, but that the game flow (primarily being so attached to the guild quest structure) didn't feel very cohesive. Re;birth 3 started getting better, and now we've got this one on our hands. It's finally clicked!Maybe it just took me multiple games, but now all the systems the game has in place makes sense. You'll get the hang of the attack combo system, investing in your nations, and grinding your way to (as of now!) powering a hole into those bosses. The writing is getting better with each entry too, and the VAs really give their perfomances a lot of heart for something like this (I'm a bit biased towards my lord waifu Nepgear, but ya know).If you're someone like me, getting past the fan service hurdles can be some mental hopskotch, but there's nothing quite like mashing your way through that obligatory bath shot still screen to avoid family judgment while still trying to comprehend what's being said. Keeps you on your toes!TL;DR the jokes are better, references are abound, and gameplay is totally up to snuff. Judgment by your friends and love ones can be healed with time and acceptance towards your strange, new hobby and you'll be all the better for it."
76561198058841791,Recommended,460120,28272321,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,A.Rene,"Potential bypass for crashes:As it is tradition for me, I pretty much bought this game on release, as I really enjoy the series. However, I kept crashing with a familiar 'Sorry: Application has crashed.'I waited for a possible patch to fix the crash issues, but it never came. Now, in December, I finally decided to start playing again, regardless. I fell victim to the crashes, losing a bit of progress, forcing me to spend less time enjoying and grinding dungeons, but more time trying to find a save point before I crashed again.This review isn't so much on the game (which is really good, by the way. Best in the series.), but an awareness post for people looking to enjoy some Nep-Nep, but can't get past the crashing.Like many others probably have (or not.), I've found a 'bypass' for the 'Sorry: Application has crashed' problem.DO NOT click okay on the message.Click back onto the main game tab, and you can continue playing as normal. The game will 'crash' and show the message again, but just repeat and click back into the game.Hope this helps for those who are paranoid about crashes, and can't properly enjoy some quality time with Neptune and the gang."
,Recommended,460120,24351564,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Harukawa Maki,"Definetely the best Neptunia game until now!At first I be like ""Megadimension on Steam? I'll probably buy it if I have money""And then I saw Uzume's Daydream Theater, INSTA-BUYSo this game is the 4th Installment of the Neptunia Series (Spin off excluded) and the first one that ported from PS4 and the graphic just WOW compared to the restWell, let's get into Pros and Cons Corner, shall we?Pros :+ As I said, the graphic, just WOW (compared to the rest nep games)+ The Story, definetely the best of the rest. The Story is divided by 3 Arc; Z, G, and H. The First Arc is given Post-Apocalypse Atmosphere and that kinda cool and fresh material in Neptunia Series. And the True End (Revival Ending) is the best True End ever!+ BGs are now animated? Cool.+ New Character Design, especially Noire's and Blanc's new design are better than before~+ Transforming Scene? Next Form? New Skills? New Dungeons? Hell Yeah!+ I see now IF become realistic, like, have to actually walk if we want to go to other place (Hopefully Open World soon), and share decreases if the CPUs Transforming or knocked out. It's cool, but it kinda irritated me sometime+ The BGMs are frickin cool! Bought Deluxe Set so you can listen to it outside the game really worth it+ And sometime this game is kinda dark, kinda cool but still creepy+ Noire being teased never failed to amuse me+ Yuri instensifiesCons ;- People said it ported pretty badly, well I played this game smoothly, but It still kinda lag sometime even though I met the Reccomended Spec alr- Neplunker Zero : Cancer Edition- SP Skills and EXE Drives are too weak. Seriously, even 4 normal attack is stronger than 4 person formation EXE Drive- Addicting, just like drugs, when I'm outside, all I can think is ""MEGADIMENSIONMEGADIMENSIONMEGADIMENSION"" Oh God make it stopSo yeah, that basically it. I can't really think the Cons part since I really enjoy this game, lol. Sorry for my bad english~ Will patiently wait for the next IF's Walletcrusher Nep!And K-Sha? She's MY Noire, not your ""My Noire""TL;DRBEST GAME;NOIRE BEST GRILL"
76561198042851499,Recommended,460120,24230185,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dragonsheepling,"I keep it extremely short because i want to keep on playing since its such a freaking ammount of fun that i simply want to keep playing (My Proof is how much time I´ve put in since i brought it (Megadimension Neptunia VII (Victory 2) Digital Complete Set).Its the Absolute best JRPG ive played since ... Final Fantasy 5 (Its it a JRPG? Its Has to be one...) and i kinda likedthe game. Also to anyone wondering if there is anything to complain about, actualy no there isnt. All the Lag and Crashes i experienced were the reason of my System not the game (The Infamous Windows Errors to be exact).I Absolutely Reconmend Buying this game for any ""Newcomer"" -Neppy ... ,Francise or JRPG Verteran. Cant even blame the Graphics to be not so well because my eyesight is so bad actualy that i could be the Eyes fault and in reality the Game is Ultra Fancy with all the Next Gen Graphics ... who knows?"
,Recommended,460120,25843468,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Not Robert Lawlers,It's a nep game. Nep/7
,Recommended,460120,25339309,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Blanc of Lowee,How can you not love this game? Just give me a reason to not rate this 11/10 would nep again and butcher my wallet?
76561198316647502,Recommended,460120,31445039,Posted: 29 April,all,Mirai,At first I don't even bother to try play some neptunia series games ~ eventhough I already know this series before and finally I got a chance to play it ~  I had to admit this game is awesome 10/10 I love how they put the character/plot wise/grinding for lv/boss fight so yeah
76561198272717759,Recommended,460120,24154018,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Poljanan,Uzume has a nice butt.
,Recommended,460120,24202848,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Magrock,"This game is great, really great. It takes everything you love from the previous games, Nep-nep, lolis, waifus, flashy moves and so on. The graphics are better, the gameplay is better, way more features and a pretty col story. In my opinion, this is the best game so far. Also Uzume is a great waifu. Not as good as Uni, but close! 10/10 would Nep-Nep again"
,Recommended,460120,24186679,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,I'm le ded,"I recommend this tumor. Breasts appear before gamplay, thats a clear sign of quality content.Edit: Also got all the DLC, took about 3 minutes of spamming ""A"" to get through all the menus that pop up telling you what was added. Adds more anime cleavage and a ♥♥♥♥ing fish. Definitely worth practically buying the game again.Note: only get this game if you have no regards to your social standing.Another Note: If you aren't sold yet, there's also a adult version of nep nep with♥♥♥♥♥♥ no way to say no to that [also a conveniently timed bath scene shortly after her introduction ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)﻿].And another note: Memes."
,Recommended,460120,24338820,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,koJeng,a lot of my time spend on gallery
,Recommended,460120,24245179,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Straylize Er'ther,"I'm a simple man, I see nep nep sequel, I press purchase.Too bad my spec doesn't meet minimum system requirements, I can't even run on 30fps.but overall it's still good if you have a good PC, if we're talking about graphics here then,it's better, much better than the previous games, as expected PS4 game.I'm sorry I don't have much playtimes in this game, I refunded this game, will buy this again when I got a better PC."
,Recommended,460120,33295501,Posted: 5 July,all,Brownninja97,"This is the fourth entry into the hyperdimension series.After the original series people started to get fed up with the amount of resources being reused in the games so this one is quite different, it uses a new engine which looks so SO much better but its still optimised nicely.The combat system is similar to the past few games but additions have been made to to the combo system so its easier to understand and more fluid and action packed. There is a lot more emphasis on strategy in this game compared to the last ones as a result there is a higher chance of you dying several times which is nice as it was easy to steamroll through the past few games they made.Each of the big four get a second stage of HDD and in turn they are getting new combos and style systems to follow suit. Theres different types of combat that you will face as well with the new types of bosses which are massive, you have to move and create patterns and lines around the bosses to best them as effectively as possible.Story and banter is just as good as always but the theme of this seems to be a bit more mature at times but still hilarious none the less. I dont think it beats the third game though."
,Recommended,460120,25511181,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NarsanNtk兎とうじょう！,This game have best Main story and good sub story.It have epic character about game's society and company.I feel very funny when I play this game and I think this game is the best of this year for me.
,Recommended,460120,26790674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,\★Nep_Nep★/,"The Waifu experience is real although a bit odd, But love the CG :)"
,Recommended,460120,28978506,Posted: 3 January,all,3RDplayer,"Nothing has changed much. It’s still the same JRPG that got the same game systems working in the background as the Re;Birth branded titles. But there are enough changes here that seem to rebalance those systems, so much that the game as a whole resulted in being a more refined, more tactical and once again enjoyable gaming experience.For the 4rd time you play as teenage girls having an adventure by progressing the story trough reading VN-Events, by visiting dungeons, fighting monsters and collecting items. With story being a big focus of the game again, the writers finally found the middleground between the too serious written Re;Birth2 and the over the top hilarious humour of Re;Birth3. The girls act surprisingly close to their characters this time which works in favour of story progression. Dialogs no longer sidetrack into what seemed like endlessly going on walls of texts with bad jokes.What are the most interesting additions to the gameplay now? Stella’s Dungeon is no more. Scouts are now implemented into the maingame and can add certain bonuses to the dungeons you visit. Higher Droprate, Monster Change, more EXP, less Credits, etc. You also no longer just warp between Nations on the overworld map. Instead you have to walk along a path with random encounters between Dungeons and Points of Interest. The Investment system is a great addition too: You can upgrade each nation thus adding more items to the shops, to find additional scouts or to increase the nation’s shares.Combat is tighter than ever! Bye bye 9999 damage! The Guard Break System got removed. Combos now consist of Standard, Power and Rush attacks that activate combo bonuses when specific criteria are met, like “didn’t used power”, “last attack was rush” and so on. Each weapon starts out with one of those three attack types and combos need to be set up according to their combo bonuses for maximum damage effect. There is also a higher priority on items now because status effects occur more frequently.What’s not so good about the game? No NewGame+ or Endgame content! Re;Birth3 had up to 2 hours more VN-events to watch and more dungeons with worthwhile loot to offer. Victory II does not. You can level up your characters to level 999 again but with only a single mob available to you that gives 10million EXP. To reach the golden 999 the game requires you to fight this single mob over 5000 times or more. Not an elegant solution.The character DLCs are great because they add new characters with their very own VN-Events and story. The downside is that those characters are so overpowered that they break the tight balance of the game. My advice, use them in NewGame+. Weapon and Item DLCs include even more content to break the balance while Nightwear and Bikini DLC just add cosmetic changes.Victory II is a tight game, even more so without the use of DLCs. The characters are loveable and the humour marvelous. Expect lots of anime tropes and popculture references. Don’t regret buying if you love anime, JRPG’s or cute girls doing cute things."
,Recommended,460120,24792261,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Devil (A very lazy one),"If you are seaching for a parody of classic Jrpg this game is for you, if you are seaching for faping well go a seach some doujins, c'mon don't fap with games without pornEDIT: I forgot to put a note so a 5.5/10"
,Recommended,460120,24707153,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Marrub,"Super Omega Non-Stop Weeaboo ActionFeaturing:- Game mechanics that aren't horrible- Seriously it's like they actually tried to make something good- And they did- Big Anime Tiddies for some reason- Stealth mechanics- Waifu stock market- Psychological horror- Lots of explosions.REALLY a lot of explosions.- A robo-ninja with an otaku complex- More shots fired than amicroguntesting site10/10, GOTY"
76561198127726291,Recommended,460120,24151531,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Brand Newb,"I Crushed that Wallet, 10/10 would Nepcrush wallet again....will most likely for DLC as it comes out....."
,Recommended,460120,24151664,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ms. Malice,CHUGGA CHUGGA CHUGGABefore you buy this check the requirements then check them again because this game is surprisingly taxing considering previous entries of Neptunia. Altough some of the issues might be due to poor optimization as well but I don't know enough about that stuff to know for sure. I'm running a GTX 860m i7 with 16GB RAM and my gameplay is pretty choppy.I'm still giving a positive review though because despite the choppiness I can tell this is the nep I've been waiting for and I can't wait for either a) a patch that hopefully fixes some of the choppy gameplay or b) the end of the month when I'll be able to upgrade my rig to something that should play it smoothly.
76561198087497092,Recommended,460120,24307081,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,bankfooyozors,dogoo men
,Recommended,460120,24318389,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Viscoun,"A far more straightforward and exciting venture than the Re:Birth games, with a storyline that is more linear and much easier to follow, considerably larger dungeons for greater exploration potential, a more enjoyable balance in the usual quaint humor of the series, and a turn-based combat system that is still faithful to the rest of the games, but has its own quirks and unique features. All in all a great game, and a definite get for anyone who has witnessed the greatness of Nep-Nep. The DLC and Deluxe Set are also worth getting if you have money to blow, since they help you immensely with regards to starting off in the game, and the wallpapers, soundtracks and artwork that come with the Deluxe Set are exquisite."
,Recommended,460120,24419694,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,羅刹,"I thought Rebirth3 was the best.Once again, I was wrong..."
,Recommended,460120,24185411,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hinary,"Good game, but where are the steam trading cards?"
,Recommended,460120,24272849,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SKILLS,Already own the PS4 version.Bought it again because why not?Nep/10
,Recommended,460120,24396705,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Froppy,"After completing the game today with True Ending, I can say I 100% recommend this game!Fantastic story 10/10 always adding a new twist, the combat system was amazing, making combo moves more worth while! I don't want to spoil it so I'm just going to say! Play it yourself! Don't hesitate!"
,Recommended,460120,24421961,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Batering Zax,"Coming from a person who played through this game once through and attained the Normal End, I will be writing a review based on my general opinion of this game, specifically with regards to the game's story progression. If you have not played the game, worry not - this review isspoiler free.General OverviewFirst off, I originally played Re;Birth 1 and 3 and enjoyed both of them. With comparisons to the previous title and I'm sure you would have known by now that this game is a huge step up from the previous titles, in terms of Story, Soundtracks, Battle system and nonetheless the overall gameplay.  I was pleasantly surprised to see the new Route-building mechanic and the fact that you actually have to ""walk"" in order to get from one end of the map to the other. Health/SP will not regen upon coming out of a dungeon like the previous titles (which could be exploited rather easily to grind) which is another good improvement. This adds a new layer of difficulty to the game on top of the battle systems that was revised to be more strategic based.Content and Story progressionIn previous games, I personally find that they are filled with a lot of filler content, with a great amount of side characters and their events in which you have to watch even if you aren't interested - else the prompt never goes away. However, the events of this game are largely pointing towards the progression of the story, of which each event never fails the captivate and maintain the hype and excitement the player would have for the game's story, very little fillers and simply with that I feel that my time spent here is entertaining all the time.Oh and another thing, I actually have not attained multiple endings for Re;birth 1 and 3 despite enjoying the game as I no longer felt motivated to replay to obtain a certain ending.Howeverfor VII, I only obtained the Normal End as mentioned earlier and feel unusually determined to replay and see the True ending - which I will proceed to do it now, the fact that even after completion I still feel the hype and excitement truly indicates an amazing Story.Some Downsides- Controller Default controls are rather broken simply due to the mismap of the Right Trigger, which can be fixed by remapping it to the default control map.-Some sound stuttering at times but does not affect gameplay much.VerdictI rate this game 9.5/10. (In my opinion Re;birth 1 was 7.5/10 and Re;birth 3 was 8/10)I definitely enjoyed the game and nonetheless this review is of my personal opinions, and I respect anyone whose views may differ."
76561198011940908,Recommended,460120,24160960,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hentai-Boya,"Only played 2 hours for now but I can say for sure that this is the best Neptunia Game so far, new kickass musics, graphic revamp, more serious tone and these rockin epic boss battles.A lot of improvements since the Rebirth Series."
76561198156610782,Recommended,460120,24181233,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nevhie,This Game released on Feb 2016 for PS4 and come to Steam on July 2016.Pros:- Good Price for someone who doesn't own a PS4- You can't die in Tutorial battle. But u can DIE in actual Battle- Compared to prev Game. This Game has more punishing feature which is good- It's your usual Fun with NepNep. 4th Wall Breaking!!- Role wise. It seems less holy trinity. Everybody can DPS and support at same time. Bruiser Meta- PC port is kinda okay. Smooth 60 FPS- More joke reference which always good- Okay Storyline- Many new feature compared Prev NepNep Game- Every Character become more unique and gained new skillsCons:- Kinda needs high Specs PC coz this is a PS4 Game
69696969696969696,Recommended,460120,24185955,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vanilla Ice Cream,"Lemme just have y'all know that I could have easily just whipped out the PS4 version of Nep VII and simply played the game on that. But no. I bought this game again, along with all it's character DLC, on the PC, just to show Compile Heart and Idea Factory that the Neptunia series is one of the best thing that they have ever created.The game itself is pretty good, and serves as a great entry point for newcomers to the series. The only thing you'll be missing for not playing the previous games will be a few random references relating to them. They added a ton of fancy new gameplay elements, but it's still the same Nep formula, so those who have actually played the other Nep games won't feel alienated in the slightest. In fact, almost all of the additions are vast improvements from the other Nep games, making this game probably the best Nep game in the series thus far.This game is actually crazy complex, so I'm not going to delve too deep into things. If you want to know more about this game, then go read some other review, or actually buy the game. The game comes with tutorials. Read them. Seriously though, it's a good game. Everything you need to know is explained as you play along, from the combat to the storyline. The only noteworthy flaw is that on lower end PCs, don't expect this game to peak at more than 20 FPS at any point. IF and Compile Heart really decided to jack up the graphics, given that this is a PS4 game, and all the previous Nep games were either PS3 or PSVITA games. Seriously though, having a GTX 960 as a reccommended requirement is pretty intense for a JRPG, even if it's a PS4 game. Other than that, the gameplay is solid, and I would recommend this to anyone who is a Nep fan, or really just likes JRPGs in general. The art is drawn by Tsunako, and it looks fantastic The gameplay and story are also both amazing. Also, the guy who voiced Umio also voiced Aizen from Bleach, which I find to be absolutely hilarious and amazing."
,Recommended,460120,24174323,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Minoumimi™,Great game ! Worth every penny enough saidIf youre a fan of the serie then u need this
76561198044520690,Recommended,460120,24289216,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DeeAbel,Dont be too worried about the minimum specs The game runs fine on lower end machines it just takes alittle longer too load.
76561198075572765,Recommended,460120,24506196,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Deadful Melody,Best Game i Ever played just play and see it for yourself
76561198043493247,Recommended,460120,24128360,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BlazinAce,"Neptunia is back and it's even better than ever. If you enojoyed Rebirth 1-3, then you'll love this one as well. Everyone needs more Nep in their lives. Graphics got way better, but unfortunately this comes with the need for a better GPU. I personally have a GTX 980 so I currently have no issues and run it smoothly, but make sure you check the minimum requirements to make sure your machine can handle it just in case."
,Recommended,460120,24167804,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ninjaocre,"Remember when you bought that game at release on PS4 because ""heck i'll be done with it when it eventually releases on PC?""... yeah I remember too...Since most people already know what they're getting into by checking out a Neptunia game, I'll just focus my review on the things that stand out from previous releases for me...The port works quite fine, runs at constant 60fps except for minor stuttering when transitioning scenes in general in my case, not really bothersome since these transitions usually occur with a fade to black or fade to white, eg: in-game to VN mode, or back to game, or when you press the Enter dungeon button you'll notice a slight pause before the game goes to load the level.The Soundtrack is really good, with all known BGMs from other games and really cool additions (""Encounter of Destiny"" so OP).Regarding the game, it's more Nep! So I have no objections with that, without spoiling the story too much (already beaten it a few times in PS4) I'll say it manages to strike a better balance between comedy and drama than ReBirth 2, it knows exactly when to stop taking itself seriously, that's a good thing.Giant boss battles are entertaining, though one might say there are few of them, they come at the right moments to make them meaningful.They also brought back CPU transformation cutscenes, when you activate HDD form, you're treated to a short cutscene of waifu's transformation into CPU, never skipping those, they're so damn cool!Combat is a bit more streamlined, the basics are there, you have up to 5 hits per turn, but there's no more Guard Break mechanic so the Break attacks are now named ""Standard"" and fill a middle ground between Power attacks damage and Rush attacks EXE drive fill. Combo length is now affected by the weapon the character is holding, each weapon has a first attack of one fixed type (Rush, Power or Standard) and then it has one or more combo slots in each type of hit (eg: you can have a weapon with 1 fixed Rush slot, and following it 1 more Rush, and in parallel 2 Power and 4 Standard slots).In addition many attacks have a ""combo trait"", which gives your next hit additional damage when you fulfil the combo trait condition for it.Sort of replacing the Guard Break mechanic, you now have some monters which have breakable body parts, these are usually located and can only be attacked from a specific side of the monster (ie: back, left side, right side, etc), this gives a somewhat tactical approach to combat, since breaking parts can help by reducing one monster's defense, as well as negating the use of certain skills on some others, sadly once you start overleveling the dungeon monters by a tiny bit this is no longer really needed, but it's an interesting system to develop further in sequels (yes please give me MOAR NEP)There are also leveling and lily rank system changes, regarding leveling, only your front row characters will get experience from fights, this can look like downer compared to previous games, rest assured though, again trying to not spoil too much, you'll hardly have a party of more than 4 characters during your first playthrough, and by the time you have a full roster, you can easily create game discs with the Racing idea chip, which allows characters to gain exp when not in the front line (gives the ""Learning"" ability).Lily rank has also seen some changes, like exp, lily rank is now increased between all members of the front row once you finish a battle, as opposed to the previous front+back row pair system.Previous lily rank increasing actions between characters still work though, such as buffing, healing one ally or allies, using items on allies, and also switching the front row character with the back row coupled one will increase lily rank between them.Last but not least, this is the first Neptunia game I felt like being ""harder"" than the others, midway through the game you'll notice you are tossed into the world being underleveled for the mobs you have to fight, so it will require some grinding and good use of combo traits, skills and whatnot, it's not something that will take a huge amount of time though, it lasts long enough to make it challenging and not boring, suffice to say, if you got the DLC weapons this does not apply at all to your playthrough.TL;DRWasn't expecting to write this wall of text, but I guess you can see I really DO recommend this game, it's a good step forward for the series, although it might not be trying to do a lot of new stuff, it's still refreshing enough to go back Nep'n around Hyperdimension and its companion universes :P"
,Recommended,460120,24176715,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,logix,nep best protagonist ever
,Recommended,460120,24129137,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,NarrackUK,"Victory II is the best Nep game yet, It looks good as it was a PS4 game this time round rather than a vita port.It runs smoothly on my R290 (Overkill tbh) and there have been inprovements to just about every system.There is a bunch of DLC free with the game, Its not listed on the store page but it is on the DLC tab ingame, All the stuff that was free on PS4 is there, The DLC that costs money cost money on PS4 to.Unlike the rest of the Nep games this one is fairy new and not a years old port (came out this year US&EU)."
,Recommended,460120,24129251,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ThatBrickster,"I already own the game on PS4 but I would easily recommend this game if you're a Neptunia fan.This is easily one of the better PC ports of a Nep game I've seen and hasn't given me any grief so far. It seems fairly stable and despite the frame drops reported (which may be due to the particle effects) it runs relatively well provided you meet the minimum specs.The game started as three smaller games before being put together to make V-2. It seems to work as a cohesive unit and for that it deserves some credit. The way the game feels isn't like any of the Felistella Re;Birth games, it feels more immersive. I'm guessing Galapagos RPG gave a hand somewhere.I completed the game in around 108 hours. There is more to do afterwards like obtaining items made through development or making use of DLC.As I said above, I would recommend this to those who are already Nep fans. Those who aren't already may not feel at home if playing for the first time and the odd shower scene may put some off.Also right now the battle victory theme plays with a ridiculous amount of gain and the distortion can be heard as it plays. I'm sure it will be fixed in a later update.Overall, for a game which retails for £30 (£18 for this week only), it's very much worth the investment. The deluxe content is also a nice addition if you're interested in its extra assets."
,Recommended,460120,24291060,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Night★Fury Warrior ᕦ(>Ꮂ<)ᕥ,"Megadimension Neptunia VII (Victory 2) is honestly the best Neptunia game I have ever played or seen.The storyline in this game is awesome, and it introduces my favourite character in the series!Gameplay-wise, it is similar to the Re;birth games, but has plenty of new features and mechanics. plus upgraded graphics. It looks awesome honestly!Overall, I would class this in my top favourite games ever! Must get for fans of Neptunia, or even just this genre!"
,Recommended,460120,24295582,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Werzell,"The Neptunia series keeps getting better with each game, and this game is no exception.It's the best Neptunia game out there."
76561198192757633,Recommended,460120,24185288,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Silent Kyoya,"It's here again! The coolest mail-order shopping program ever... Walletcrusher Nep!With our exhilarating lineup, you'll be on the road to bankruptcy in no time flat!Today we offer a product, you cannot refuse...Nep/Nep....would get crushed again."
76561198078909392,Recommended,460120,24192128,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SparkyGang,"Note: If using a controller, be sure to map right trigger to positive ROT (by clicking right trigger when mapping). This will fix your menu navigation issue.The game is essentially part VN part Dungeon crawler. If you like the past games, this is definitely the best in my opinion, length and mechanically speaking.The VN part is great, dialog is quirky, and Nep-nep being self aware never gets old. The dungeon crawler part is pretty good as well, nothing spectacular, but the combos and move done are a blast.Overall 9/10 would nep again"
,Recommended,460120,24362178,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Majihandys,"Excellent Game! Extremely recommended!This is how sequels should be; incredible improvement on the overall product:-Amazing OST-Stunning artwork/visuals-Greatly improved gameplay (more engaging, less linear)-Engaging story with a satisfying climax (tear-jerking at moments)Honestly, this game is leaps and bounds ahead of its predecessors.My only gripes with it are technical. The recommended specs are bloated for the kind of graphical intensity the game offers. There are also some bugs that cause stuttering in world map/skills. But they can be tolerated and hopefully fixed in the near future.NepgearBestWaifuPS. Whoever thought RNG grinding is fun should be shot dead. Almost cost me my sanity!"
,Recommended,460120,24473575,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Happy Inktober!,"The best one in the series.  Ive only gotten the ascension ending but am working on the best one.  This game is outstanding.  Worth the price.  The developers worked their asses off for this one and succeeded.  Also, im not fond of anything that is anime, but this was the only thing that i like that was anime.  These devs are amazing!"
,Recommended,460120,24824809,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Weeb,"If you're already looking at this page you probably already own one of the Re;Birth games by now.If not just buy this one.It's the longest, and best of the series.After you're done with the game you could just copy and paste some stolen artwork with the author's name edited out into the game's community hub or write another original masturbation joke review.Once you're done don't forget to post another hilarious guide about memes.Enjoy the ~neps~*Coughs up blood*http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733792415http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733792175http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733791982"
,Recommended,460120,24258773,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mifil,It's like WWII but without gassings. And Hitler is lesbian lol.
76561198119999579,Recommended,460120,24184837,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Digestneko,"The best among the rest of the Neptunia series. Although its not necessary to play thru the previous series, there are some references in the game that relates to the previous series.The game has a lot of features borrowed from Fairy Fencer such as item development, unlocking ranks for quests, sound effects and the scouts giving effects to the dungeons. The combo system has been greatly enhanced and thought out.Still half way thru the game, but i am really enjoying it. Much more expensive than the previous series at launch but for the content, it is definitely worth it. If you think this will be another Neptunia game like the previous series you will be mistaken.Definitely worth it for the price!"
,Recommended,460120,24296272,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,•,"the story....more darker than before...but still had a lots joke....no matter what, this is a good game i ever play....my rate 10/10........................still... in the end.... lots tears come out from my eyes...  (TωT)gimme some tissue please...... (TωT) /"
,Recommended,460120,24315560,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cecily,New Form FTW
,Recommended,460120,24329240,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,💠💎I am Setsuna💎💠,"After 35 hours Im still not done with this game, its been a while since I got a game that intrested me this much with the music, gameplay, fighting mechanics and other stuff, as a new-comer to the series I dont know if this was the best one to go with, even though it doesnt seem like you needed to play the last few games to get what is going on and the relativly new things are explained by the constantly 4th wall breaking band of CPUS as they go into dungeons, other dimentions and in my case, take no damage, never die and dish out such a devestating combo that it makes nuclear bombs jealous.If your thinking of getting this and your a new-comer like me, get a controller, this game is horrible to play on keyboard + mouse, the steam controller works fine but the XBOX controllers are favored.Since the steam discussions are branching off the see which character is best, Id say there is abit too much fan service, your got Vert but thats expected, Nepgear from what I could tell a fairly innocent character gets abit flirty at some points with Uni, if I was pressed to say a favorite character I'd say NoireAfter hitting the finishing line at about 38 hours, the game threw balance out of the window with such force that it resembled a speeding car, the good ending is, good, but the true ending is the the thing you actually need to put some time into, level 999 is abit too much even for mebut ill probably do it since I still like the gameplay as much as when I orginally sat down to play it9/10, Good game, love it----------AFTER TRUE ENDING----------ENDING SPOILER WARNING SPOILER WARNING HOOT HOOT PUT IT ON MUTE!!!Wow, to be honest I absolutely LOVED the ending, not only do the CPUs and other characters congratulate you for playing it to the very end, they also give out fanservice, and as a newcomer I laughed for a good 5 minutes, Vert obviously is the first to say ""its called fanservice"" and Uni even 'notices' the player and says: ""Hey why are looking at me down there, of course I have boobs! my chest isnt that different from Nepgears!"" that is a direct quote and I will leave it there.But serioulsy, the ending with Uzume being revived is great and is totally worth the effort #5th playthoughhttp://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/809373-megadimension-neptunia-vii/73287539thats where I got the True Ending reqs from.10/10 Totally loved it and Im very happy that I bought it"
,Recommended,460120,27054746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aqua,👍
,Recommended,460120,26940002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaezeribato,Next Form Waifu
,Recommended,460120,24945259,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sir☆Cookie,Everything for my nepgear!!!!!Must buy. Tookawaii/10
76561198160868511,Recommended,460120,28864067,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"The best game of the Hyperdimension Neptunia to be released so far,every aspect of the game has been greatly improved upon compared to previous installments of the series,also this PC port of the game,orignally released on PS4 has been executed flawlessly as well."
,Recommended,460120,26779846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sossy Weab,Nep is loveNep is lifeGYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,460120,24572985,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Black Weedow,"This part got a lot of new features, not of them are great, but all new things are interesting in it's way, isn't it?Now lets check pros and cons:Pros:+Music edgy af.+Next forms are awesome.+A lot of bath scenes.+Huge story.+Humor as usual.+EXE drives looks so sick.+Spelunker!+Monsters now make sounds!+New scout system is much better than Stella's dungeon.+No barriers anymore.+New waifus.Cons:-Music were great, but voice tracks are horrible. They are sort of creaky and poor quality overall.-All skills got a huge nerf, now you can easy outdamage them with combos. Now they are only usefull in battles with dark CPUs. And now you have sh!t ton of formation skills and drives with very short (KA-BOOM) cut-in scene (You can't even see your favorite cpu in this).-Colosseum now is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and don't provide any usefull endgame materials/weapons.-Weapons. All engame weapons are useless, because you can just buy DLC with superior weapons which have no vanilla alternative (~700 stats vanilla/~1000 stats DLC).-No Histy as playable char.-New travel system is just annoying (thanks !f you can ignore it in NG+).-Less flexible party setups.-Investment and develop system is a mess.-New hidden treasure system is also boring and useless.-NG+'s ex character system is buggy, you easily can lost coupling or formation skill when progress thru ng+.I can recommend this game only for huge Neptune fans. If you just a serie lover, be aware of negative experience.6/10 - Thumb up only for Nep Nep."
,Recommended,460120,25369254,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,|RQN| BaconUzume,This is the best game out of them all but i crired whenUzume died in on of the games ending tho R.I.P my feelingd ;( but still it has the best game play out of all the neptunia game aside from noires spin off game thats still my favourite game of all time 10/10 otoku rated
,Recommended,460120,24146399,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,「Blanc」,Remember one thing: lt's dangerous to go alone. Take Nep!11 Nep's of 10.
,Recommended,460120,30479430,Posted: 12 March,all,キラキラ？！,"Just when you thought that Neptune couldn't possibly add any more anime tropes, they added more anime tropes (absolute madmen). As the latest installment in the series, Neptune V2 introduces even more new characters to its already massive cast, knowing full well that all we want are more waifus.1) Your favourite waifu gets more attention.The story is structured in 3 arcs, with three separate conflicts that all tie together at the end. For the majority of the game, your party will only consist of 3-4 characters lead by one of the CPUs, and you waifu will likely get her own story at some point in the game. The consequence of this segmentation is that if you don't like one of the characters, you'll be forced to play her story.2) Gameplay is much better from previous installments.The new combo mechanic is great, and smaller party sizes really makes you appreciate the stronger characters (Rom & Ram OP). You shouldn't have to grind at any point in the game since there are a lot of ways to boost your defense. (Idea chips). The removal of DPS checks also meant that you just have to max out your defense to beat the bosses (by DPS check I meant enemy regen at end of turn, so if you can't out DPS the regen you are pretty much done).3) New characters fill even more anime tropes.We now have yandere, furyou, lolicon, dame otaku, etc. (Yes some male tropes too). Do know that not all of the above characters are fully developed, and some are just side characters. If you are like me though, more waifus are always better. The price you pay, though, is the lack of previous characters. (Plutia > Uzume)There's some annoying details here and there, but overall Neptune V2 is a great waifu simulator. Because levels give you so much stats in this game, you can level your favourite waifu and actually feel like she's carrying the team (best grill confirmed). If you have not played this series at all, but want to get into it, I suggest the following play order: rebirth 1  -> rebirth 3 (V1) - > V2."
,Recommended,460120,26620823,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,エミール skinhub.com,Amazing soundtrack and sweet graphics
,Recommended,460120,27004901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlexSSZ,"This review assumes you know the basics of this game: JRPG, turn-based with movements, a lot of dialogues, grinding, a heavy load of female characters, video game industry references, minor fanservice, and such.To serie newcomers:The game does give some background info on important characters so you don't feel lost too much.To long term fans:IF scored a lot of points with this one. The addition of ""the Sha gang"", as I call them, made the references to the video game industry even stronger by adding major companies.B-Sha: Bandai NamcoK-Sha: KonamiC-Sha: CapcomS-Sha/E-Sha: Square EnixThe game was split into 3 different arcs, or sub-stories, each with different leading characters. In the end, it all makes sense (somehow...). You can make use of 'scouts' (minor reference characters) to boost/lower stats/exp/money for stages. They can also find money or items for you (good piece of change compared to Stella's Dungeon). The overall map has routes which you need to build in order to move from one area to the other, adding random mob encounters on the way. You can invest money in industry/commerce/public relations to unlock new things in every major city/town.1080p graphics to better enjoy Nep trolls and clearer Uni panty shots.Features the original cast of 4 godesses, the 4 Candidates and IF and Compa, with the addition of the 4 members of Gold Third and Uzume. Add in 5 DLC characters (Umio, Nepugya, Million Arthur, God Eater, Notroplus) and you've got a cast of 20 characters (let's hope I'm not forgetting anyone...)Definately recommended to anyone who's a fan of JRPG or anyone who likes to see references to other games.If you can't stand the boob jokes from time to time, just skip Vert's route and stick to Blanc's."
76561198031011120,Recommended,460120,25373030,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Goku's Penis,Blanc is best waifu
,Recommended,460120,27854895,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[HTT✰] Gabriel Tenma,"Probably the best Neptunia game for story and music, gameplay itself is no diffrent than the rebirth series. If you have played rebirth 1-3 then you wont really need to know anything new apart form the slightly revamped combo system, where the game fails in my opinion is how its layed out in 4 long chapters which just feel like seprate games thought I think that was the point of it."
,Recommended,460120,27828129,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elitefire,"1v1YOU AND ME FOOLOORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAOOOORA!True review because I know completed the gameThis nep is the best of the series, IF and compile heart finaly found their way to make great nep games, graphicaly and game mecanicalyNep/10, nep not only broke the 4th wall but she also broke dimension walls.Pros:-Nep-the OST is just AWESOME, I love them, everyone of them, none are mediocre or bad.-Graphics are great-you feel the pudding flowing inside you everytime you play this gameCons:-Bad PC port, loading times and event skips are extremely slow compared to PS4. (about 50% slower)-MAZES ON THE LAST LEVELS OF THE GAME, REALLY?-RNG on some bossfights, its either you get full wiped first turn or you can keep playing.-Insulting normal ending. completly the worst normal ending I have ever seen in the series.-2nd worst bad ending in the series. you obviously know who's the first. (pro tip: MK2 conquest ending ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) )"
,Recommended,460120,25884145,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,NekoSleeperNya HD,Megadimension is fine example of improvement from the previous games why the performance of megadimenson is allot better compare to rebirth 2 and 3 for my pov. FPS drops non existing on my fx 8320 and 970 including my other pc that use an fx 6300 and R9 270X with an overclocked CPU the game scaled very good on amd hardware that I have tested. Soundtrack is major improvement compare the previous it's have a more depth and techno like instruments. Not only hearing it sound good be prepare for goosebumps some songs on the soundtrack is really relaxing and calming to the ear. Lastly is the story honesty is a massive improvement of rebirth 1 and 3 more serious scenes and more development for the goddess to see what their dreams and wishes. The story humor breaks the fouth wall like no other more a light heart way. Overall I think game is very fun and very interesting story/plot if you have played the previous neptunia games then go for it but make your hardware can handle it.Update this game after beating it still worth playing it
,Recommended,460120,24125335,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Aruz,"Even more polished and refined than Victory. The dialogue and gameplay are as fun as the other main series games, so if you liked those you'll like this one too. Runs great too, no frame drops at all compared to the previous games; they've gotten a lot better at optimizing these for PC.I'll list the main differences below.COMBO SYSTEM:1) ""Break"" combo hits and the break system aren't there anymore. Instead now you have ""standard"" combos which are a mix between rush and power.2) Your combo slots and starting hit vary depending on the weapon you have equipped. You can't equip two of the same combo move anymore;3) Combo attacks now guarantee a crit if you meet their combo condition.MAP EXPLORING:1) There are breakable objects in the map, though as of my 3 hour playthrough I have not yet unlocked what I need to break them.2) Hidden treasures are back, though it looks like there's only a set number per dungeon and they don't regenerate anymore.3) The world map has this sorta Super Mario 3 thing going on where you travel in between nodes. Random chance of encountering an enemy too.COUPLING/LILY:1) Front and back battle setup is the same, though now coupled characters can share 10% of either their offensive or defensive stats with their partner.2) In the options, you can enable notifications for when a lily rank goes up (very useful as you would always have to manually check in the previous games)Negatives (all pretty minor):1) Game's still frame locked at 60fps (an issue for some)2) The giant battles are a bit disorienting due to their scale3) Traveling on the world map is a bit slow, even with the speed up button held down4) A lot of the maps will sometimes have graphical flickering. Some more than others, it gets annoying.5) Seems like only front line fighters get xp now, as opposed to everyone getting xp in previous games.Note: I'll edit the review to add anything else I find later, as I've only played 3 hours so far."
,Recommended,460120,24168399,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,EterNity,Nep for life!
,Recommended,460120,24455937,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Davey,"Pros:+Easily the best Neptunia game to come out so far, large quality of life improvements from previous games+The story is actually somewhat enjoyable and followable+I am going to literally ♥♥♥♥ing marry a nep+Actually somewhat challenging in comparison to previous games assuming you don't use the DLC weapons and armor, so battles take more thought+Less grindy than previous titles+Uni is erotic+MEMESCons:-Poor optimization as expected from an iffy port, fps issues and such-Achievement hunters beware, this game is super frustrating in that regard-Gameplay still can easily get repetitive-Blanc with big booby dream sequence triggered me-when you start the game, you have to hear the english voices briefly before you can change it to the original glorious 日本語 way the game was meant to be played and that triggered me too-MEMESoverall I give this game a nepu out of 10please buy it and let IF know this game was a step in the right direction"
,Recommended,460120,31094372,Posted: 12 April,all,Re;Mairu,"Best Neptune series i've ever played. seriously, if you like Neptune series, then buy this game. Nep/10"
,Recommended,460120,28837443,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DeityZero,"I found the Neptunia games by accident while browsing the Steam Store earlier this week. Seeing that it was on sale and had such a sheer amount of positive reviews, I took the plunge on this one. Needless to say, I became an instant fan within minutes of playing. Gameplay wise, the battle system is fun, easy to learn, and much better with a controller. Neptune and the gang are funny, loveable, and have made an artform of fourth wall breaking. It's basically an over the top visual novel in game form and it works on every level. The best part is that Idea Factory made it so the characters and game world are explained in detail so people that haven't played the series can start with the latest and greatest.My experience thus far? 10/10On a side note, I would take the negative reviews about crashing and stability with a grain of salt. I'm using an older NVidia GeForce GTX 750 ti on Windows 10 with the most recent drivers and haven't experienced any of the issues people have posted thus far up to the second story. I've also seen people complaining about controller issues, but again, zero issues using a wired Xbox 360 controller. From what I've read, the stability/crashing seems to happen at random points in the game with no warning so I'll be on the look out. However, for the sale price and hours of entertainment I've had with it so far, it's worth the gamble."
,Recommended,460120,24209994,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Azure,"This game has to be one of the best in the series especially in terms of the plot.While going through it, the jokes and villains can get rather old and not to mention it can be a bit draggy at certain parts but it does its best in keeping it fresh and exciting.When aiming for another ending, the features it has does a great job of cutting down the time required, if you decide to rush it, it should only take about 3-4hrs.Well, newcomers and and my fellow nep fans you guys will definitely enjoy it!"
,Recommended,460120,24184722,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kiruyos,>waiting this game for one year>bought it without second thought>actually enjoy itimproved graphic from previous gamenew mechanism with big boss battlesome interesting stroy with many dimensionmore cute characterUZUME FRICKING CUTE10/10
,Recommended,460120,24187176,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Robb Stark,I've been waiting for this day! The return of the NEP NEP adventures!!
,Recommended,460120,24397667,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,🌱 Maxime 🌱,Nep is life but I want Pururut! ♥♥♥♥ I REALLY WANT PURURUT
,Recommended,460120,24131946,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Black people,I love neptunia so much<3 and this so expensive than other but i still love this!
,Recommended,460120,24203142,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mikasu,T0P N3P ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,460120,24959120,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Exolyte,The best nep game yet for the cutest CPU yet.
,Recommended,460120,24207335,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LunaRadeon,isu desu
76561198151300666,Recommended,460120,26833921,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pro_crafter52,This is probably gonna be the best neptunia game for a long time!
,Recommended,460120,27897381,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[DE] Purple Rasape,"I have played the previous games (by that I mean all the Re;Birth ones) before this one and I must say, it is my favourite of all!It got better graphic's, new mechanics, great music ( especially the Boss Fight Music) aaand more waifu's.Also the plot was even great! Not that the plot of the other games were bad. I enjoyed them. But the plot of this game was just great, in my opinion.My only problem is this god-forsakenSpelunker Zero. This is true hell.Besides this it was a lot of fun. I really recommend playing all the other games before this. But I think this is clear.I would rate this game a 10/10"
76561197992419591,Recommended,460120,27925129,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fleffler,Great neps
,Recommended,460120,24136449,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mashiro,Already owned the special edition on PS4.Bought the special edition again on steam.#worth10/10 game will enjoy playing through it again.
,Recommended,460120,33203681,Posted: 3 July,all,Necco Wafer,"Do you like Neps?Yes?Then this is good game for you.One of the best neps yet.No?Give it a chance, it changes things up slightly so you might like it now.9.2/10"
,Recommended,460120,24139102,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,NeTsune,Awesome game! I have waited for this for so long... and it's finally here! No regrets! Top Nep!
,Recommended,460120,33199264,Posted: 3 July,all,DerGreif2,"This is one of the best... no... THE best RPG game so far! So many lovely characters, great story, plottwists, fun, a lot of conversation, strategie and so much more! I love this series and for me the best one so far!"
,Recommended,460120,27618115,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Baron Samedi-みか,The inneudo is real!
,Recommended,460120,27581206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kujira,I just don't wanna go outside
,Recommended,460120,27354333,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nowaru,"Everything is improved over the previous games.Graphics are far superior to any of the other Re;Birth games, every wrinkle can be seen in Nep's jacket as a bare example. The voice event lip syncing and fluid motion is great. The only thing that took me a while to get used to was Vert's new English VA.Buy it"
76561198066109691,Recommended,460120,29149725,Posted: 9 January,all,Exouds,"Having played the previous iterations of the Neptunia series, trying out the latest entry was something I looked forward to a good deal. The franchise returns yet again at full power. Detailed and very polished art, a pleasing and relatively varied soundtrack as well as cute and funny characters. These are things that Neptunia has always had in spades and the bar was raised even further here.This time around some changes were made to the series' gameplay. Now the amount and type of attacks you can use in a combo will depend on your equipped weapon. There was also an even bigger emphasis placed on the difference in the attack types. Rush attacks will generate by far the most energy for your special attacks bar, while power attacks produce very little energy but inflict more damage.Unfortunately, these differences do not play out very well in practice. Although not as quickly apparent as in previous games, the best strategy in combat is still to have one or two characters constantly use rush combos to generate energy for the remainder of the party to exhaust on special attacks. Another mechanics change that Compile Heart most likely introduced to combat this was to let the player score guaranteed critical hits on their enemies if they used combo skills in a certain order, often mixing in all three types of basic attacks. The issue is that the special attack gauge is far more important than the small amount of damage you do with combos, thus making the change largely irrelevant in important fights.The above being said, those negatives are not necessarily very detrimental to the game. The combat is still fun, if mostly a stat check. I do however want to talk about two issues that I firmly believe are more of a problem.Firstly, the story's way of intertwining with the gameplay is too predictable. When you complete the first part of the game, you are given a choice of which goddess' story arc you would like to play next. Eventually you must go through all four of the main characters stories before being able to proceed to the story's final stage. The first goddess' story arc, whichever one you choose based on your personal preference, will most likely be enjoyable. But it is when you must play through the other three stories that predictability hampers the enjoyment. The gameplay setup is similar each time: You play with two or three characters through a number of dungeons before fighting a different variation of the same boss that showed up in the other story arcs. You inevitably end somewhere around the same level each time.The reason it's not particularly fun to play through is that you realize the game is asking you to do the same thing four times in a row, except with slightly different characters. If you enjoy the story this might be fine, but gameplay wise I think this is something that should be strongly avoided.As a final negative point I want to tackle in this review I would like to mention costume variety. The game's primary characters have a number of equippable costumes. But the actual amount of different clothing designs are staggeringly few. On display are simple recolours and copies of outfits that appeared many times already previously in the series. There's very little new content in this area which is a big disappointment. The potential for wacky, cute or interesting costumes is a good fit with the Neptunia universe and it is a shame to not see that realized as well as it could be.I understand that I have mostly focused on what I find negative as that is my tendency. However I still very much recommend the game, perhaps especially so to newcomers. In terms of graphics, soundtrack, dungeon variety and gameplay no other game in the series has managed better than this one."
,Recommended,460120,27464782,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elnoir',cant get enough of this game XD
,Recommended,460120,27879793,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TK Shiroyasha,i like nep
,Recommended,460120,28995674,Posted: 3 January,all,DimDito,"*From someone who's played Re;Birth 1-3, played w/ the controller, and completed the true ending on NG+This might bethe best Nep game I've played so far.If you're already familiar with the franchise, I'll take you through what's so different about this one that I like so much;More characters! About 10 of them, of which all are likeable, perfectly realized, and relevant to the story. Uzume quickly became one of my favorite characters in the franchise and she's just awesome. Both new and returning characters are given lots of time to (exclusively) interact with one other and the relationships between them are clearly defined aside from ones I made up myself via Lily Rank. All characters are humanized past their stereotypes just enough and nobody takes a backseat to the main plot. Voice acting is great on everyone's part (especially Uzume), and they're all cute in their own ways,which is half the reason you're playing this anyway right?The story takes place throughout 3 dimensions and is divided into segments with an underlying plot that ultimately connects everything together. The story also maintains a good sense of urgency whenever it's relevant and does something pretty awesome (twice) into the game where it branches out as multiple events occur at the same time, and you get to see everyone doing their own thing i.e. contributing in their own ways. It keeps things current, interesting, and doesn't allow for as much downtime as the previous games.Another thing about the story is that it feels more personal, and I can't get into that without spoiling the underlying plot. A lot of people may disagree with me on this, but the main villain is well developed as a character (especially compared to previous games) and makes way for a few touching and appropriately hilarious moments towards the story's last act. It's still severely flawed in the way that it's cheesy with many very arbitrary plot conveniences and seemingly too crazy ideas, butI still like it. Sue me.Speaking of previous games, this is pretty disconnected apart from the many returning characters, but the game expects you know them already so it still doesn't really make for a good entry point to the series. There's no mention of the Ultradimension, nor the remains of both ASIC and the Seven Sages, so don't expect to see Peashy, Rei, Pururu or CFW Magic here. The game has better sprites (and backgrounds) and visual fidelity in dungeons, though I did experience framerate drops in world maps. It has better balance between random/irrelevant and contextual humor, and is still endlessly garnished with 4th wall breaking,fanservice, and pop culture references as well as subtle commentary about the gaming industry,or maybe I'm just looking too much into it.Gameplay is a bit better I guess(?), I never really liked the dungeon crawling in the first place. I like the new investment system, the Sharing Field battles, formation skills, scouting system and the especiallygloriousfast-forward button for battles (and almost everything else really). Grinding in a Nep game has never been easier (still very tedious though). Anyway, they're awesomefor a while,but these mechanics feel very underutilized and I ended up not using a lot of them in the end, much like the previous games. Development is mostly unnecessary, Sharing Field is just spamming skills, disc development doesn't have enough impact, so on and so forth, and these things seem to cater to hardcore gamers--which I am not--and offers little to no incentive otherwise aside from prolonging playtime via micromanagement.Megadimension Neptunia is a Neptunia game on every level, rest assured if you've played any of the previous ones then you know what's coming. That said, I find this one to have the most interesting story and characters, and that kept me engaged for longer in comparison. Production quality in general seems much improved but gameplay is still lacking for a filthy casual like me. Game's not revolutionary, it still cheesy, cliche'd, and very lighthearted,but it's still pretty damn fun."
,Recommended,460120,27027452,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Weeberschnitzel,"Having played all of the Neptunia Re;Birth games and VII, I can honestly say that VII is my favorite out of the lot. It provides a lot of fun characters and a great story that could only be done right with Nep and the rest of the CPUs and CPU candidates. The game provides a reasonable challenge without getting too difficult, although some of the boss battles late in the game do go a little overboard. This game is also not a good starting point if you're looking to get into the Hyperdimension Neptunia series, that belongs to Re;Birth 1 which can be purchased for pretty cheap nowadays. Nonetheless, the pros far outweight the cons of the game and I have had a tremendous experience!"
76561198117682415,Recommended,460120,27800669,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pernice Argentata,"I'm a simple guy, I see Nep, I buy it"
76561198055751316,Recommended,460120,24134830,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,kjdnkj,"Having played the ps4 version of the game, i can say that this game being released on steam was what i didn't expect at all.Now down to the pros and consPros:-Music has vastly improved compared to previous games especially the HDD bgm-More fluid ingame such that if you want to speedrun your levels it does not have any weird lag in between frames-Vert still op-Full game with all dlc still cheaper than retail no dlc ps4 version-New characters are welcoming but not obnoxious-Next Forms-No ridiculous plans to build weapons+/--Characters not as obnoxious as before-No remake/Stella-Levelling is slower in this game-Activating HDD reduces shares affecting true ending if you are not careful-Next Form not really that much powerful than HDD-No Plutia-No PeashyCons:-Chracters with no HDD are mostly weak-Toasters won't be able to run game smoothly during gameplay parts-Only 2 characters with steal-♥♥♥♥ card collectibles"
,Recommended,460120,25259215,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,{*_*}[*_*](*_*),The best OST in the series.Game's quite good too.
,Recommended,460120,27106889,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝100% gkbr.AXZ⎠⎞,A lot better than the previous games because ps4 port
76561198094262107,Recommended,460120,24623598,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zyrotrox,"Best Neptunia Title to date if I dare say!As a fan of the series I picked the game up on its steam release, aint dissapointed.I just finished my first playthrough, getting ready for NG+ and the other endings. This game certainly is worth its money.If you still deciding whether to buy it or not i can only recommend this game.If you are new to the series, it is possible to start off with this Title, you may not get all the references to the older entrys but that should be fine since the game is great even without them! ^^Finally a Neptunia game with new graphics, they aint good but at least they aint the same like, idk all the previous titles xD It is very nice to see some prettier graphics and drawings of the charecters is what i was trying to sayThe soundtrack is amazing too if you asked me.Some dungeon layouts are the same as in previous entrys but there are plenty new ones too so do not worry.As for the gameplay, I'd say that it was much more strategic this time around very nice change. They removed the guard break system but added some other neat feauters to make up for that.They added random encounters at the world map, didn't bother me at first but man that gets annoying over time like seriously who thought that was an good idea?It might get grindy at times but I did not have a problem with that since it wasn't too much. If you need to get some levels later on you could simply go to the colluseum and grind there, much faster ^^.The story was simply amazing didn't expect that from a Neptunia Title, and i haven't even seen all endings yet. some parts where like 10 skits follow each other get kinda tiring though, at least most of them are funny i guess. And finally the feature of features has been added, you can now, behold, skip events! Whooohooo. no like srly why couldnt we do this before? well better late then never i guess. battle animations are skipable as well, very handy.I hadn't so much fun in a Neptunia game since Re;Birth 1 and i loved that one too, defenetly worth cecking out in my humble opinion. Can't too much wrong here if you liked the previous titles or if you are new and like other JRPG's and like to have a funny time."
,Recommended,460120,24170896,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BornOnThe4th,"I highly recommend this game for a great number of reasons. The excellent soundtrack, the complete makeover of the older games EXE drive and Coupling skills, on top of that you have another game with your favorite heroine.This is an excellent buy and I recommend it to anyone that has played the previous games."
,Recommended,460120,24265117,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MightyMacGyver,Great nep game except the random worldmapbattles are driving me INSANE.
76561198150325923,Recommended,460120,24170917,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Salt Pillar,game super fun. think of playing like three or four hyper dimension games compiled into one with each overlapping in the story at any given time the only thing i could really wish for more in this game is that i could buy the soundtrack
,Recommended,460120,24294978,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,sv_nep nep 1,is it me or the game?? because i don't know why i can't load my save now i have to restart all over again anyway the game is umm.. meh?
76561198109175397,Recommended,460120,24311872,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Backrubs,Already saw 3 main girls naked in the first 2 hours.Do I need to say any more?
,Recommended,460120,24346889,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,sπake,"PROS- Gameplay is more polished and less clunky compared to Rebirth and PS3 games- Story is quite engrossing and had a good mixture of serious and funny moments- Soundtrack is great- Excellent CGs as always- No grinding if you just want to play through the game- Dungeon scouting is actually useful- Battles feel more strategic if you aren't overleveled/don't healspam- Translation was generally correct for the important dialogue- All characters were likable in how they were written and presentedCONS- Not very well optimized. Got consistent frame drops (down to ~20fps for a second or two) with an i5-6600K and GTX 970.- The Neplunker levels can get fairly annoying since the game isn't really built around platforming- Getting the hidden treasures in Senmuu Labyrinth made me want to kill myself- Not enough Uzume being cute (THIS IS IMPORTANT)Overall, this game was more fun than any of the previous games in the series that I've played. This game also serves as a good entry point to the series (better if you've played Victory/Rebirth 3) as they explain enough of the backstory for someone entering cold to understand the setting.Side note: While I bought the DLC, I'd say it was only really useful during the middle part of the game, but at the same time removed a lot of the challenge (so I played that part mostly without). I don't really see much of a point in getting the DLC aside from Million Arthur or Nepgya (mostly for the comedy aspect) unless you want to simplify an already pretty easy game. Some people may like being OP though."
,Recommended,460120,24377213,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pmma,"Double Nep/10, would buy again."
76561198058352977,Recommended,460120,24430676,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,TheCh00senJuan,10/10 would nep again
76561198249860236,Recommended,460120,24459711,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Culturally Enriching Refugee,"Holy Nep! This game blew my mind! The backgrounds look stunning, the characters look absolutely fantastic (especially Histoire) and the MUSIC!, the music is out of this world! i cant wait to hear more of it. I just started the game and i didnt encounter any crashes or bugs, i think the frames drop a little bit during some scenes but it could be just me. Overall IFFY did a great port on this Nep game, 60fps and didnt encounter any stuttering.The controls are the same from the last games.If you are confused with the controls when starting to play this games, here is a brief list of what each key does:During visual novel scenarios:- O key = Auto- I key = Fast forward- L key = Stop- K key = continueDuring battles:- O key = Commands (special attacks)- I key = Defend- K key = attack- L key = EscapeITS SO GODD@MN AMAZING!, go buy it now! and all of the dlc! (YES ALL OF IT!! SWIMSUITS, NEW CHARACTERS AND MORE!)Dont listen to those god awful critics on Metacritic, they are completely missing the point.10/10 best Neptunia game"
76561198118907505,Recommended,460120,24420441,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,wokeandroid,"great gameplay , great soundtrack, awesome character'sboring story tbh.9/10 great for my fanfic.hey badge"
,Recommended,460120,24153926,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,lancenater,A Neptunia series games. That's the enough reason to buy this game.
76561198084769774,Recommended,460120,24165535,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ZelegendaryZ,"Love it =P the only thing that bothers me is that when u have dlc activated ur characters will have dlc equip the moment u get em -.-"" which kinda messes up the beginning since its too strong lol. So disable the dlc at the start and use em later lol. Must play if u like the other neptunia games. Lol the only downside i have with it is the chat scenes -.-"" theres like this slight lagg in between each transition to what the characters say it kinda bothers me lol. Still gonna play it tho"
,Recommended,460120,24167382,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ratatoskr,"This is by far the best game in the Neptunia Franchise-Lot of Nep Moments-Story Continuity-Better or Dark Story Line-Better Graphic-More reference and homage to the history of the game cultureOverallLong time Neptunia fans should definitely get this one, gaming culture and history joke and many nostalgic to expect and pardon my bad english xDD"
76561198069597169,Recommended,460120,24285767,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Genetictroop,"The latest game in the series improved on graphics, interface, gameplay, and added many new features and updated older features. I see that this game had way more effort put into it, at least for me, than rebirth 2 and even rebirth 3. There is a lot of content here.There are 3 stories to play through. The characters are great. I have always liked the writing in this series which is one reason I keep coming back to the series.I also feel like there isn't as much grinding that you have to do like in the earlier games. But having played the other games I ended up going overboard and over leveled.Note that making in-game money for cosmetic items can be difficult if you want all the costumes and hats but if you don't care about that stuff than its alright.If you have not played the previous games this game will explain certain characters and events of the previous games as you play.I also loved the soundtrack in the game. Its still wierd that they don't have a much larger budget for their english voices but atleast the majority of the main quests are voiced.The game comes with quite a bit of free dlc. The dlc bundles you can buy are not necessary as they are just op weapons and equipment. But the dlc characters are worth it.Overall I enjoyed the game and am still enjoying and would recommend it to my friends. At least the ones who enjoy anime."
,Recommended,460120,24369161,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Annie T. Mood,"More Neps.Once again by this point you already know what you're looking for and it'd be very unwise to not start from the ""first"" one as the gameplay mechanics gradually improve & change somewhat. Then there's also the obvious chronology with the story.But none of that matters to you because in the end, Nep.Some controls are changed for both good and bad reasons.For whatever reason they decided to make this game have some system functions moved around, namely the ability to save, load, & exit-to-title-screen during any time outside of the dungeon roaming & overworld screen. You can skip an entire cutscene entirely instantly now but when you suddenly come across, say, an Event fight that you're too underpowered for and you can't Escape, you'll have to let the enemy kill you so you can go back to the title screen, load your file, and better prepare yourself. It's a bigger problem because the difficulty in this fluctuates a lot from easy to tough to easy and so on, at least if you're not overleveled and/or you don't have any of the combat-helpful DLC turned on.Graphically it's hardly any better from the rest of the games. There's some DOF that you can toggle and bloom that you can't. All that may as well just be unnecessary sprinkles on ice cream because while the textures haven't at least downgraded they haven't really gotten much better if at all.Some textures are apparently missing including one from an attack, an outfit, and an enemy or two. I think one enemy's supposed to be invisible but the other I've searched up and there's apparently an image from the PS4 version of what it's supposed to look like. There's also a few stuttering issues when sifting through interface stuff like attack menus and even during cutscenes.The story's now separated into different story arcs as opposed to chapters but they essentially still act like chapters. One story arc though focuses on four routes for the four CPUs where each route has the designated CPU be the protagonist for the selected path. You're free to choose which CPU's route to go through until there's one left and afterwards the game resumes as normal.Because of the plot, your inventory prior to the 4-route thing will all go to Neptune meaning everyone BUT Neptune will start their route off with essentially nothing.Compared to the Re;birth series currently on Steam there's a serious lack of character count, even with the new story ones and the DLC. There also aren't many magic users now because of this.Also, there's no Pururut here.The game's been adjusted so item-usage is practically essential and careful planning for fights is more encouraged. You no longer restore your HP & SP when you level up either.There's some bonus damage now in attacking an enemy from the back and side though it's sometimes hard to tell where the side, back, and/or front is on some enemies.Some enemies have pieces of them that you can break that can only be destroyed when attacked enough in their direction. They're damaged along with the enemy and they've got their own damage number display when hit.The turn-based fights are mostly the same with the moving characters around per turn and such. They've removed the shield HP thing entirely so the only kind of real defense there'd usually be to worry about are the breakable parts that give an enemy an advantage if they're not destroyed.Attack combos have been changed enough so you don't just rely on choosing the attack with the highest listed numbers. Categories are once again Rush, Power, and, this time now, Standard. Standard attacks are naturally pointless aside from taking advantage of some of the Standard attacks with elemental properties and the now included combo traits.Combo traits give big bonus damage when their listed conditions are met. Examples of that are things like ""All previous attacks were Power"" or ""Previous attack was Standard"". It's very worthwhile and almost mandatory in some parts to take advantage of those bonus traits so actual planning is encouraged.Lily ranks are here as usual only now each person's rank no longer increases from being coupled but rather when they're on the front lines instead. Coupling still gives off the usual bonus stats depending on how high the Lily rank is with the couple. Supportive things like healing one another and using multi-person skills also help with Lily rank raising.The overworld now functions on a boardgame-esque way as in you have to constantly build dotted routes to designated locations to be able to travel to them in order to progress the story further since you can't just hover over a cursor and instantly go where you need to go to anymore. Sometimes & annoyingly you'll get the typical JRPG wild encounter when traversing through the overworld. It's more annoying because the wild encounters on the overworld are generally weak and worthless in rewards. Only on NG+ are you allowed the option of turning that off completely.When you start building routes in the usual map with the 4 nations and such, they don't all connect. For whatever reason they decided that Lowee be a destination that's all the way at the end of a road, even near the end of the game. So if you were in Planeptune and wanted to go to the Lowee region you have to run in almost a circle to get there as opposed to something closer to a straight line.There aren't as many dungeons and enemy variations here though they're still reskinned to hell.They decided to not include Stella's Dungeon here and instead use a Scout system where you can simultaneously send NPCs to dungeons so they can find money, hidden treasure hints, monster loot, new scouts, and new dungeons after around 10 minutes of their scouting. Scouts have various bonus effects and disadvantages towards you if you enter a dungeon where a Scout's currently at, like ""EXP Up +10%"" or ""Credits Down -5%"". For whatever reason they decided to not make the timer countdown in real-time like Stella's Dungeon did. When I go to another window the entire game pauses as well as the timer. Scouts only go back to searching in their selected dungeon if you grab their rewards.Mid to late game there will be a couple more dungeon-riddled dimensions for Scouts to be able to go through. Unfortunately you can only send them to those dungeons and get their rewards when you yourself are in the same dimension so everytime you want to send someone or pick up your reward you have to walk on the overworld all the way to the desired dimension to do all that. Far more annoying with the wild encounters.When starting New Game + you're allowed to carry over almost everything as well as the characters themselves who will be available for use right from the beginning. Apparently things like the hidden dungeons & hidden treasures found by the Scouts don't carry over. If you've found those dungeons & treasures on the first playthrough you'll have to use the Scouts to find the dungeons & treasures again on NG+.Just like the previous games the translator(s) decided to put more of their own silly jokes in a lot of places to ""better pander to the Western audience"" instead of translating it completely, as in if you can understand even a lick of Japanese you'll notice much of the audio is absolutely different from some of the English text. Some of the translation even decides to extend text for their own jokes when the JP audio is that much shorter. On top of all that the text frequently has spelling, grammatical, & punctual errors.Clearly I dislike the dub but even if you preferred the dub, some areas are apparently missing EN audio. It shows too in the game files that the EN audio's file size is tinier than the JP audio it contains.In conclusion, this review does not and will not matter becauseNep.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=721551564"
76561198076180968,Recommended,460120,24385365,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nep Nep,"Gotta save Gamindustri again!- Has an interesting and entertaining story with some good humour mixed in.- Gameplay was fun and enjoyable.- Good soundtracks.This game deserves an 8/10 puddings.If you're wondering where the other 2 puddings went, Neptune ate them."
,Recommended,460120,24386376,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nawani,"OverviewMegadimension Neptunia VII/Victory 2 is the seventh title of Neptunia series on PC and the first of non Vita port and first non Re;Birth/Remake.Pros:Excelent history divided into 3 arcs, each one connecting one anotherGreat soundtrackNext FormHeavenly improved graphics (and that's why the specs are higher)The difficult of this one is very higher compared from other Neptunia series, without the DLC's of courseRevamped combat and combo system, no more spamming buttons or Guard Break system (totally useless)You need more brains and strategy to create a combo that always critsGiant combat against Dark CPU'sOverworld map changedInvestment systemDevelopment and no more grinding plans3 endings if you count the (Very) Bad Ending, don't  do this one unless you want a traumatic experience OR get NG+ fast.Translation are very fine, so far.Cons:As stated by the people so far, this is the mostIMPERFECT GAMEof Neptunia series so far, with a lot of annoying bugs.Some sounds has volume so high that can hurt your ears, like substation dungeons, when monster spawns, a monster die or scouts back, or voices are so low that you can't hear itInvisible monstersFPS dropping from 60 to 20 or 15 from some ridiculous situations like selecting a spell or when monsters are spawning.Characters left and join a lot and each time you need to re-equip them ASAP because can come equipped with the DLC equipment or the initial oneWrong inputs/mapping of Xbox 360/One controllers (I didn't have this kind of problem)Some bugs that was corrected before as stated by beta-testers are in this live versionConclusion:With all said, I STILL reccomend Megadimension Neptunia VII, even with all these bugs, but Idea Factory International/Compile Hearts needs to hire more competent developers and testers AND spends more time in Quality Assurance before releasing."
76561198163078427,Recommended,460120,24417858,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Skyxen,"I've bought Megadimension Neptunia VII for PC on Steam. The game is so laggy and bugggy even with the recent update, the opening theme plays like it was cut or buffering and even the gameplay lags, from moving on the map to commands. I run an Intel Core i7 and a Radeon AMD card HD 8600. Never before have i encountered such a laggy game on release and my PC can run games like Skyrim and Fallout smoothly."
76561198100665640,Recommended,460120,24190211,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bushmaster,It has Seaman in it.10/10
,Recommended,460120,24333528,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Misaki,"Overal a good game, 8/10.would give another 2 points if Idea Factory would do some bug fixes."
76561198158653816,Recommended,460120,24457535,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,IN VEE CEI,"it's feel diferrence between playing VI andVII .I likes VI's gameplay more than VII.VII's gameplay looks like Fairy fencer F it's not type of neptunia game but In VII Neptune's personality is so cute more than VI LOL however all of this game are good  great story, great system ,great graphic ,VII is the greatest neptune's series. i want more nepu  plz  make a next one i will wait for it"
76561198045882910,Recommended,460120,24309621,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lyship25,Nepgear is best gear 10/10 Top Nep <3https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CSHKlMIWcAAl9p3.jpg
,Recommended,460120,24362308,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zanlyn,took me 30 hours to finish normal endingand another 8 hours to finish true endingdamn im so bad :(
,Recommended,460120,24418605,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Telson,"Some pros:-A lot of content in one game this time, thus the higher price than the others-The music this time is just... wow.-What's better than Neptune? Two Neptunes.-What's better than a lot of pretty and/or cute girls? A dozen of them. Thanks, Million Arthur.-The combat got a few minor, but impactful tweaks, like the combo traits, which make it more strategic-Overall the game balance and difficulty have been adjusted; imo with great results-They actually patch performance issues and the likeSome cons:-Might wanna wait a bit/until next sale before purchase due to some bugs and the like-The actual requirements to run the game arnt as high as the store page makes it out to be, but it does take more than the other neptunias-There is a lot of grinding especially for development, some people are put off by that-Stupid genius funny garbage overload; either you like it or you don't (or you're Noire and pretend you don't)TL;DR: You like the other Neptunia titles, get this"
,Recommended,460120,24334186,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,☆VG☆ Hakmem,"After watching the anime, i got interested in the series.and then i found this. it was right on my ""featured"" section.So having enough money to buy it, i bought it (obviously)And had fun playing it for a while now.Characters: 9/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Graphics: 9.9999/10Overall: 9.999999/10Totally recommend it  (ps: you will regret not buying this) ¬-(0_0)¬"
,Recommended,460120,24350317,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,archenemies666,Best Nepping game in the series thus far.   FriedShrimp/10
76561198122483077,Recommended,460120,24291725,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Konna,"The game was fun, funny, full of nep action and all. BUT, I always have this FPS issue where my framerate just suddenly drop and its so annoying (please fix this IF). but regardless, I think this is a good game. I recommend it"
,Recommended,460120,24296532,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Neptune,"Now that I've played the game more extensively, I can make an actual review. This is going to be a long one.Now, I know that this game is supposed to be a complete overhaul of all the mechanics and elements that made the franchise brilliant. And believe me, it's an overhaul alright. The graphics are nicer, the level design is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant compared to the Re;Birth trilogy (which is what I'm comparing it to), and the main characters are even more fleshed out than ever before, which I like. The soundtrack is nice as well; some of these tracks are actually pretty amazing.That said, there is one major problem with this game. I... didn't have as much fun with it as I did with the Re;Birth series. I'll go through the major issues, which combined, make this game a bit lacklustre, at least to me.- The first is the difficulty. It ♥♥♥♥ing slides about like a wet turd on a teflon floor. The first two areas of the game are nice and easy, then the enemies suddenly gain stats that are about three times as high as the ones just before. This is a ridiculous difficulty spike and it really threw me off when I first got to that third area (and I've finished the entire Re;Birth trilogy so I should be pretty good). Unfortunately, this trend continues throughout the game. Some bosses are easy, some are challenging, but then others are downright cheating (I'm looking at you, K-Sha, you multi-turn, million shots per attack ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥). The difficulty of the game flipflops like crazy throughout the whole game and it's not really fun to work around.- The storyline is not nearly immersive or expansive enough for the story it's trying to tell. Two of the antagonists you see throughout the second part of the game, they're pretty big and important in that bit. Then at the beginning of the third chapter you just defeat them. That's it. THAT'S IT. THEY ARE SOME OF THE BEST AND MOST INTERESTING CHARACTERS AND YOU JUST... DEFEAT THEM. Yeah there's a bit of unnecessary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with the whole 'NEXT' thing, but seriously? The way they portray the whole third chapter, it's like they were never threats at all. This is just one example. Blanc's route during the second chapter is 70% EXPOSITION. The remainder is just bosses and the worst areas in the entire game. There are so many issues with the story that it's barely even worth ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on, and that's a shame, because it could have been REALLY good.- After literally more than a dozen games, some of which are spinoffs, you'd think, you'd just THINK, that they'd bother to put more effort into their cutscenes than they do. They're identical to the cutscenes from the old games, which I find is just plain laziness more than anything else. I don't quite understand why these games take over a dozen gigabytes when the cutscenes, which take up about a third of the game in total, are just slighty animated portraits with some facial movement... and text. Just text. Admittedly there is a higher percentage of voice-acting in this one, which is great because I love the voices of the characters. It's just that they're still recycling exactly the same style and sprites for these scenes without any innovation.- And the bosses. The ♥♥♥♥ing combat in general is a near-perfect carbon copy of any other Neptunia game, which is REALLY DISAPPOINTING. The only new mechaninc are the giant fights, of which I experienced two of them, and both of which were in the first chapter, and are never brought up again. BOOOOORIIIING. I want at least some innovation, please, is that too much to ask? But I digress. One new mechanic in the boss battles is the multiple health bars thing. BUT IT'S POINTLESS. They only exist to give a false sense of progression through a boss battle, and nothing EVER makes use of them. WHY HAVE THEM AT ALL? Some major bosses also have some quote they'll utter when they hit half health, but nothing else ever happens, so why bother? The difficulty problem also applies - some bosses are♥♥♥♥♥♥easy and do barely anything, while others ♥♥♥♥ING NUKE YOUR ASSES OFF THE PLANET. Why have bosses with nukes? That's just cheap. And don't even get me started on K-Sha.I got the bad ending on the first run, which is good, because if I get the bad one then I like that it's because I didn't fulfil the requirements for the good one. The problem with the  bad ending is that the already short story just... stops. Abruptly, and with the whole 'we're all going to die' vibe. That whole bad end just sums up the game really. It's just that in comparison to the Re;Birth games, this is just a bit on the disappointing side.That all being said, I still had SOME fun with it, just not as much as the old games. I can still recommend it, especially if you've not played the Re;Birth trilogy, but if you want something better, just get those."
,Recommended,460120,24307495,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Boo,I give it a positive for being an awesome (well... it is a nep game) game. But PLEASE FIX THE STUTTERING... this is the first nep game that I can experience alot of <10 fps spikes
,Recommended,460120,24374603,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DYP,Combat system almost feel like Fairy Fencer F.I like it.
76561198094177414,Recommended,460120,24416213,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Gudako,I just found my new religion10/10 should buy
76561198218197241,Recommended,460120,24421989,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Murasame,"Unlike any series of hyperdimension, this series improved all the graphics even the EXE drive of every character, i really like playing this game but there are still some problems which other player encounter like FPS drip etc.. but this game make the JRPG on a new level. I'll rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,460120,24349848,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,NO1RE,"Poorly optimized port. I love the game but well, how can I play with a major lag spikes and unstable FPS? Seriously, This is not worth the money if developer won't fix the game. I've been waiting for the PC port since forever. But well, cheers to IF for porting their games to PC! I love you guys!"
76561198102119336,Recommended,460120,24430921,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Blanc-sama,"This title is refreshing addition to neptunia series. The improved combat system is awesome. It has few flaws like stutering at certain maps, but its nothing game breaking and I'm sure that will be patched in future.Also Blanc for best waifu!"
,Recommended,460120,24150143,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Armcannon,"TLDR; Worthy addition, it's amazing.I've played Rebirth 1 & 2, and this is a MASSIVE improvement.+Story really interesting+Great improvements to combat+Humor is hilarious as always+Very little need to grind+Completely reworked overworld+4 character slots, like Rebirth 2 and after+Tons of characters+Graphical fidelity is much better+Great soundtrack-Takes a while to get new weapons and armorsI was really scraping to look for something negative for this game.Btw, the DLC is not necessary at all. As with all other Neptunia games, it just makes you super OP and breaks the game. However, if you like cute costumes and don't mind a little fun, you can fork over the extra dough. Up to you.One other thing I'll mention is that I get frame drops sometimes, even with vsync off. This is mostly during scene transitions, such as CPU transformations. Specs below:AMD FX-6300MSI 970A-G43GTX770 256-bit 2GBDDR3 16GB RAMOverall, this is a worthy addition to the franchise, and I've loved it so far."
,Recommended,460120,24279517,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,iKatheryne,"As an avid fan of JRPGs, particularly the Neptunia Series and Visual Novels also having to wait for thsi game's steam release since it's PS4 release more than a year ago, this is the best one yet.It may not apeal to many people because of how long the dialogues are or how grindy it can get but that's the who point of it being a JRPG. The story is a continuation from HDN Victory/Rebirth 3: V Gen so a must buy for those after the actual story.Gameplay wise, its been revised to a completely new mechanic while retaining the turn-based elements we have gotten used to. We must not forget the increased fanserive from our girls. The visuals have gotten a lot better considering it is a PS4 game. I have no issues with the game so far.To make it short, if you love Neptune and wish to compete the Tetralogy then picking up this game is a must.Needs more Noire though... 10/10"
,Recommended,460120,24371930,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DNUB V.2.4.1c,Umio face 10/10
76561198043396863,Recommended,460120,26937002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lewd Shinobi,The Best Neptunia Series.+overall graphic improvement+also gameplay+transformation cutscene+badass soundtrack+first male protagonist in the series+Next Form+Nepgya+Steam awards made me do this
,Recommended,460120,33150560,Posted: 2 July,all,rogermsn2001,nep nep all day
,Recommended,460120,26004899,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Lights93,love this game and series
,Recommended,460120,25192465,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Razakel,Another neptastic Nep game.For me it's the best game of the Nep franchise so far.
,Recommended,460120,24599632,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,throdi,"The magnum opus of nepu-nepu, now with an even bigger pool of high quality waifus to choose from."
,Recommended,460120,33819878,Posted: 26 July,all,Hansen,"Best neptunia game so far.Music, characters, story, artwork, everything is just great. I really do recommend the game, its even better than my expectations. It has a lot of content, and its suprisignly long. Really worth it's price!"
,Recommended,460120,26816296,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,E2sembler,"Plot and gameplay are nice, but optimization is 2 blocks down.every new nep game brings some new features and deletes one old, u can call that ""Modernization"".Everytime plot is longer and more interesting, new dimenshion, new girls and even a fish.This time we get very large plot which was divided in parts not to be confused.A plot about a girl who always tried to do all by herself to protect everyone, finds some new friends to protect with and becomes happy of having them.9\10 for game plot/gameplayGame's settings don't even work properly (like always, pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port). Seems they don't fix any bug from the very beginning.4\10, because they've added AA\Shadow settings and etc, but render still doesn't work."
,Recommended,460120,27409557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nyme,"The best game so far of the ""Neptune series"".Everything that was played the previous ones will realize, the history is fun and the most important Blanc is the best girl <3"
76561198205671872,Recommended,460120,25389885,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Windblade,"I such a huge fan of the hyperdimension Neptunia Franchise, and now this, it gets better and better, i rate this 10/10 with ""2 selling points"" lol."
,Recommended,460120,24128507,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Creeptic ❅ BOOO STORE INC.,#np : Alan Walker - Neped
,Recommended,460120,24148564,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,mmm wiener salad,big memes
,Recommended,460120,24167795,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Xevolvo,Buy It.Buy it now.
,Recommended,460120,24275484,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Selenite Serine,10/10 for story10/10 for soundtrack10/10 for nep :v10/10 for next formwould pay for neptunia again !great JRPG !
,Recommended,460120,24392239,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,765Production~♪,Waiting So Long time !!here that come mega nepThat like anyting 100/10top nep let go !!!!
,Recommended,460120,24303401,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jack Miller Fox 30 News,Nep'd harder than I've ever Nep Nep'd before.
,Recommended,460120,24461894,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rashy05,I cameSaw cute girlsI came again10/10 Make Steam sugoi again~
76561198053695418,Recommended,460120,24260482,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Neptune,Cant get enough of Nep Nep
76561198160281273,Recommended,460120,24298215,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,۵ arwiin ۵,"I have only 4 hours in this game, but I can totally say that it is the best of the series.11/10"
76561198068529341,Recommended,460120,24302316,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ynomaq,"Come on, it's a Nep game... Does it even need a review?Nep/10"
,Recommended,460120,24319933,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Boardyman,Uguu am I cute in my favourite swim suit?
,Recommended,460120,24457036,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,kleinwalker,"SPOILER ALERT !Megadimension Neptunia VII (why they cant type it as V-2 ? Sometimes I call it Neptunia 7 lol) consists of 3 Arc;1. Zero DimensionOh♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I transferred to another dimension = Hyperdimension Neptunia V32. Hyper Dimension3. Heart DimensionOh♥♥♥♥♥♥♥our sisters got kidnapped ! = Hyperdimension Neptunia V2Pros :+ Enhanced Graphics+ There are only 3 endings, too many endings gets me headache+ 'Teach Me Histy !' theme song get me dancing all night+ No more tedious 'All character's Lily rank maxed' achievement+ Scout system is better than game plan+ Anime girls, duh+ Vert Boobies+ Adult Neptune, ulalaNeutral := Still using some old dungeons layout and new dungeons are ridiculously big= Still using some old musics but its ok= Combo Traits is fun but its still confusing= Investment could be better= Same old battle systemCons :- Neplunker is annoying as ♥♥♥♥- Route battle is annoying and a waste of time although you can get rid of it if you do NG+- Equipments and combos keep resetting if you progress your story, its annoying to re equip♥♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again- Getting trading cards is RNG, my god.- Some crucial events/conversations that can lead to True Ending doesn't have some kind of icon like CPU's daydream and etc.- Weird pop up sounds that reduce my ingame volume for a while-  Alt Tab multiple time = Windowed screen, ♥♥♥♥ that.Somehow, I still prefer V3 than this.7.5/10 - HOW DARE YOU ONLY MENTION PLUTIA AND NOT MAKE HER AS PLAYABLE :<"
,Recommended,460120,24157869,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Detective 0rdi,"Ahhh, console video games (or vidcons as I call them), the ultimate medium of expression, able to convey any emotion from hatred to love, loyalty to fear, all in front of your eyes. Ah, and with lovingly crafted art, music, and the ability to control the action, vidcons are the ultimate combination of the high arts. While I tend to play the stoic, I will be the first to admit that vidcons have driven me to cry, to scream and shout, to feel actual hate; such is the power of this force beyond our wildest reckoning. And here I am, before you, to tempt your tongues with the taint of such a tantalizing topic. And the Japanese, the true geniuses behind the world of video games. Pah, I throw my scorn upon such incompetents of the West who would mock the true art of the Japanese with ""games"" such as Baldur's Gate and Madden. Perhaps the West is not as intelligent as the East, but this is a matter for another day. Japan has given us such masterpieces as the Final Fantasy series, Star Ocean, Wild Arms, and of course, Arc the Lad. Yes, some of the finest vidcons in the world were created by the Japanese. I come to you today to ask you in all earnesty, what is your favorite vidcon? I will reveal mine after the grand debate has illustriously begun, but not before the first poster falls victim to my plot of discussion."
76561198191327121,Recommended,460120,24128189,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,K@M!K@Z3,Game of the Year! Nep/10 !
,Recommended,460120,29048539,Posted: 5 January,all,megoomeme,this game lost me all my friends but now i have nep for company
,Recommended,460120,27765090,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kinderin,Nep nep nep nep neeeeeeeep nep.Nep nep nep nep-nep?Nep.~Nep
,Recommended,460120,27788370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr.D,Cute Girls Doing Cute Stuff <3
,Recommended,460120,24197087,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,uwu,These waifus are my laifu.
,Recommended,460120,24161439,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Reekkyy,T O P N E P!Nep/10!!!
,Recommended,460120,27520787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Colonel,"i have played this game for less than two hours and i can immediately tell you based off that and my 20 hours of re;birth1 that if you have any interest at all in this series, buy this game and no others. this game is actually pretty good, and has funny dialog, and has combat that takes less than three minutes. if you like it then you can decide if you wanna play any of the others, but this is probably the best one to start with if you just want a fun jrpg"
,Recommended,460120,33105264,Posted: 1 July,all,Acϲelerąțǿr,my favorite pokemon game
,Recommended,460120,24147566,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,🔰⎛⎝Kundentelefon⎠⎞,"PRAISE THE LORD !!!Years over years, most Japanese game companies only produced games for PS4. But a small company, called Compile Heart, rebelled against their console purity and DARED to give Steam a try. It has been just their small Vita Ports of Neptunia, but even that couldn't protect them from the holy shining light of our Looord and Savior Gaben!Now, after they have tasted the pure awesomeness of the Peashy Master Race, they even released their main game 5 Months after the American PS4 release at aCHEAPERprice on Steam!It's only a matter of time until Senran Kagura: Estival Versus will also be captured by the glorious and undeniable superior Steam Platform."
,Recommended,460120,24133044,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tabuukilla,"10/10 METAL NEPTUNIA OPENING, HAS BECOME REBUILD OF ATTACK ON NEPUNEPU, WOULD ROCK OUT AGAIN.Edit: OKAY THAT WAS WRITTEN AS A JOKE AFTER WATCHING THE OPS BUT LET ME STRESS THAT IF YOU WANT A TL;DR, THAT IS ALL YOU NEED TO READ IF YOU GET THE REFERENCES.Okay, serious review. I've played only up to the first boss since I bought it yesterday and I have to say that I already recommend it. Let's go over a few things.Graphics: 7-9/10I dunno if the engine or the way the game is rendered has changed, but I seem to have trouble running it without being on the lowest settings on my laptop smoothly when on the battle map. However, I was able to run Victory/V-Generation perfectly fine without any problems. The game still looks beautiful though. +1 for new Histy story sprite. Seems to be a mixture of map details + enemies, some maps I can run smoothly, some maps I can't.Music: OMGWTFAWESOME-13/10Had me from the OP. Background music seemed to be something they really revamped and caught my attention much more easily. A few nostalgic tracks are in there, but YES, it's good.Story: Can't rate yet, but from what I've played so far, already gripped me and not just for NepuNepu's adventurers.Edit: STORY IS 10/10, characters you think about make an appearance and also the underlying mystery present in the game along with some of the early twists captivated me and even though I'm hardly past the first major boss battle, I find myself wanting to discover more. An amusing and well-put cast already, looking forward to advancing through the game.Battle Mechanics/Gameplay:Standard world map in battle zones. New world map is a little rough to get used to, but I feel like I'll adapt to it right away. As for battle mechanics, I LOVE the overhaul. No more is it just ""pick your most powerful attack/attack that eats up most CP and spam"". Attacks now boost other attacks based on what came before them, so you can strategize about what moves to place and where. The new EXE gauge attacks aren't nearly as exploitable plus battlefield positioning because much more important.NepuNepu: MAX/10It has NepuNepu. GO GET IT IF YOU LOVE NEPUNEPU D:"
,Recommended,460120,24257750,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Most Valuable Faggot,Just finished the game and I can safely say that it is by far the best entry in the series in every way. My only complaint is that Dogoo Man AKA Justice Train º Dog º One Punch º Gooman is not a playable character :/
,Recommended,460120,24134534,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hit Me Please,no need to think and just buy it
,Recommended,460120,24209114,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,YUZUTOP 藍原 芽衣,-Top adult Nep-Combat system of Fairy Fencer-Fresh victory poses-Purple Sister's victory pose ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)-Insinuating the 4 major companies by references-All the -sha are that of renowned voice actresses10/10 would Nep again
,Recommended,460120,25406508,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,✪Smug,Top Nep
,Recommended,460120,24124833,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ada ada saja kids jaman now,"U Dont need real girls ! just buy Megadimension, hmm ? whats that ? u say i need to get a life man♥♥♥♥♥u neptunia is my life"
,Recommended,460120,28468604,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,-Vanilla- AlanShooter,"Finally , a neptunia game that doesn't involve too much pudding. and has a good storyline. the others also had a good storyline but this one is even concrete than the others. (lots of fan service 10/10) (a good storyline 7/10) (the same old cute neptune 1000000/10) (dont forget nepgear 999999/10) (uzume is also hot 9999999//10)Just dont get caught playing this by ur friends.And plz do another anime series. I've watched and rewatched and rewatched the ""hyperdimension neptunia : the animation"" and without the season to go on with the games. It just makes me wanna cry. plz.. the animation.... PLZ"
,Recommended,460120,24196284,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gibbs,i paid to play as a fish
,Recommended,460120,26087691,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Corban,"I think we all believed that Re;birth3 was the perfect game for Neptunia series, but I’ve to admit it, this Victory-II has proven that there were still room for improvements.To start let’s make a beautifulTL;DR:Pros:+ Big Neptune+ Finally we have graphical assets for PC (but still frame drops while entering dungeons)+ More variety of dungeons (still feeling a bit repetitive though)+ The added a little more difficulty and the new combo system makes the game feel more tactic along with the new way of travelling the world map+ No more GP, we are free of the classic spam breaker/spam power system+ Going HDD now uses Exe Gauge instead SP, yay!+ All the CPUs have their moment to shine in their own Story Arc+ No more Lily Max/100M credits achievements+ They nerfed the ridiculously OP Exe DriveCons:- They nerfed Exe Drive too much (above lvl40 is better to use normal combos except for AOE)- Next forms are cool, but they don’t have a major role in the game and feel like a bit waste of potential- The new trio (Neptune, Nepgear, Uzume) can’t beat the one made by Neptune, Plutia and UD Noire in comedy and chemistry- Lots and lots of unnecessary fanservice like no other Neptunia main game has had (yep, for me this is bad)- Little end game content compared to VictoryReviewMegadimension Neptunia Victory-II is the fourth main game of the Neptunia franchise.Taking place some time after the events of the original Victory (V Generation in Steam) , we find Neptune being, once again, transferred to another dimension were, along with Nepgear, she’ll met Uzume, a mysterious girl fighting against a giant monster called Dark CPU.Here will start the story, which would take us in a long journey into three “sub-games” inside the game with their own OP, ED and plots making them a “trilogy within a single game” because nep is nep guys.Regarding theperformance, which is one of the most important concerns from Japanese games, we have for the first time in the franchise access to a variety of graphic assets, but still a problem with frame drops at the moment the monsters in a dungeon charges. Out of it the only “problem” is the charge time between battles and world exploration.In the gameplay, we face a classical Neptunia system with some elements added, more centred in a new balance. In this game we don’t have full access to each combo class, instead we’ll have the slots each weapon has (and no, the best weapons don’t have all the slots unlocked). This, along with the new combo traits, makes more important to chain attacks in order to activate the combo trait (100% accuracy/chance of critical hit) making a better work for the gameplay than the classic “spam breaker until you can spam power”.There’s no longer GP, instead some monsters (and nearly all the bosses) have some kind of part that can be broken to show a weak spot, but the necessity of guard breaking has disappeared and this is a total improvement, also the Exe Drives now have been nerfed to the extreme, making them only a bit more powerful than a common skill and (in higher levels) weaker than a good chain of combo attacks.The world map has also been redesigned into a one with a real feel of travel. Now we have to make roads to reach the dungeons with money, cities play a new and more realistic role since our characters can only recover HP/SP without items going to them, items development/scouts are also only accessible from those cities and there are random encounters while travelling between dungeons/cities.The scout system has changed once more and, for me, to worst. The new scout system features lots of the classical Gamipics now working for us. In this system we don’t explore an external dungeon like in Stella’s one, now we explore the same dungeons that we have in the game, and each scouts has its own effect to make it easier or harder. They also find monster drops, money and clues to make the hidden treasure appear, but only work with the game running, not like in Victory.Next Forms make their debut in this game, but they are nothing more than testimonial since their appearances in the main story are more than limited (in this game fighting a story boss with HDD from the start is rare) and, although being awesome, it feels that we need more time with them (hopes for the next game).In conclusion, this is overall a must have for every Neptunia fan and, of course, JRPG fan.A pretty solid game with good mechanics, improving all the areas and making the gameplay takes a giant step forward and starts killing the flaws of previous Neptunia games.Rated 9.5/10 still needs more Plutia."
,Recommended,460120,28519639,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Methrael,"Adult Neptune will find me, knock me out and drag me to another dimension if I say I don't recommend this game.  So I recommend this game."
,Recommended,460120,24164096,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Altair,">Found new Idea Factory/Compile Heart game>Realizes that I'm a weaboo degenerate>Sees wallet having no money after Summer Sales>Devised a plan in order to get the money for my waifus>Buys the game>Ends up not finishing like every anime game that existed on my library>It was worth it11/10 would waste my money again in a few months.Okay, for the real review. I have to be honest, I have never finished a Hyperdimension game, but I can tell this one is going to push me to reach the end due to how well made the game is from its predecessors. So far, there are things that I never expect coming (unintentional yuri and nudity), and that's pretty much it."
,Recommended,460120,28641285,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,N+,"Played this months ago in the console, i highly recommend this game, new graphs, new waifus, nice story, the Dark CPUs looks badass, the classic funny moments between the characters, very cool OST, in few words is a nice game, recommended (Y) :)Nep/100"
76561198136131137,Recommended,460120,24556359,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Neptune,NepNepNe~!
,Recommended,460120,24137904,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ScarlettX♥~,"Tbh my most favourite game in the series. I had played all re births and bought the dlc's for them but out of far this is the best neptuina i played and i only found out about this game last year. This one is much more chellegning then the others, (I did find re brith 2 ezy as pie). Another thing is the music and the new places its just so dank10/10 buy diz game for the neps!"
76561198119089862,Recommended,460120,28060002,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rick,"Great game, I love the series though I thought it was getting a bit old over and over but this one definitely renewed my love for the series. 10/10."
,Recommended,460120,26897761,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ブルノ Luminosité Eternalle,"Eu esperei tanto por esse jogo no lançamento que tive que comprar o Digital Complete Set , simplesmente não tem o que comentar... Nep Asses and Verto Breasts are the best."
,Recommended,460120,24124886,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BerlingerTG,"Not played much, but I did play through the entire PS4 version so it's all good.The game looks just as beautiful as it did on the PS4, but the high-end requirements are the only things I'm bummed about.  I have a Surface Pro 2 and I can play the game around 15-20 fps all around, so it's definitely playable.  Just not optimal. That and the fact that it's a huge download.  PS4 version was only 8 GB and the Steam release is twice that.But other than that, I'm loving my re-discovery of the game since playing on the PS4.  I can't wait to keep playing it and testing it out on the two Steam handhelds that are coming down the line (GPD Win and PGS)"
,Recommended,460120,33078492,Posted: 1 July,all,Kaze 風,Double the Neps
76561198295405262,Recommended,460120,33065148,Posted: 30 June,all,wraith3661,"Cant get any controller to work with it in big picture. control on keyboard is not vey good. Its probably a good game, i just need some help with the controller]"
,Recommended,460120,25701632,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BUTR X SLIME,There is nep and a talking fish = Instant buy
76561198015229979,Recommended,460120,27382235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,patyos,The 4thgame in the Neptunia series !! a Port of the Ps4 versionHas alot of improvements and tons of replayability content .The world map is alot bigger and more interactive with routes between locations.extremely more sidequests to be done postgame .|New unique and fun characters.This game is seperated in 3 Big major chapters which the game even makes fun of each could of been its own big game .Each chapter adds a new twist to plot and some mechanics.The neptunia series is a great JRPG series where each character are references to the game industry .Great humour and addicting gameplayWould highly recommend to play previous neptunia games before playing this for the full experience.
,Recommended,460120,28114249,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,No Vodka,I swear I´m gonna kill myself because of Compa desu
,Recommended,460120,28691611,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kyo,This had quite a good story with your daily doses of comedic and serious dialogue. Plenty of waifu characters to play and switch between. Gotta love the soundtracks. Going back for the better ending was worth it in my opinion.Play this game and nep em all uppp
76561198050048150,Recommended,460120,28703078,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blueberry Blast,God has once again gifted this earth with another gem.101/10pay $1.99 more to see loli's in bikinis. Worth
,Recommended,460120,28819732,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Killergoonie,"I got to say that this is by far the best neptunia game i have played and i have played all of the neptunia games that have been released on steam. All the characters are lovable, Most of the villians are memorable which is a great thing, and the music is great as well. I have not experienced any issues with this game and i do hope for even more games."
76561198045405942,Recommended,460120,28851977,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HardStyler3,i loved this game from the beginning to the end i hope we will see many many more neptunia games in the future :)
76561198000446097,Recommended,460120,28852269,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cat_fiquette,"Really enjoying this game, definitely fits well with the other Neptune games."
76561198074293115,Recommended,460120,24657864,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Plutia,Best Nep game so far. Just make sure you don't have a potato graphic card and you're good to go.
,Recommended,460120,25096094,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Thé des Alizés,"Best nepu title so far , nuff said!"
76561198041205824,Recommended,460120,24993093,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Zaltar,Best Nep game so farpros:+more Nep+longer/darker storyline than other nep games+a lot of new things+free dlc for lv 999+no cons+2sad4meNep/10 would Nep again
,Recommended,460120,24780163,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Epicwindow+-,Better StoryBetter JokesBetter MemesMore CharactersBetter PriceBetter Battle/RPG systemBetter NepsBEST MUSICWhat could one ask for more?PS:go back to nep-chan nepddit is teh best kappaPSS:THERES LIFE THERES ROPE
,Recommended,460120,30634837,Posted: 20 March,all,Raymoo Hack You Ray,"Megadimension VII is the sixth Hyperdimension Neptunia game that get ported to PC. Published by Idea Factory International and Developed by Compile Heart.This game comes with a lot of improvements. Such like graphics, cool looking dungeons, battle system, etc.Now lets look on to the pros and cons of the game.Pros:-Better graphics(Compared to Re;Birth games).-New refreshing characters. Ireally like Uzume and the Gold Thirds.-An interesting story, also comes in three arcs.Frist arc, Zero Dimension Neptunia Z, tells you about Uzume and where she lived, Zero dimension. Second arc, Hyper Dimension Neptunia G, tells you about the CPUs lost the fight aganist the Gold Thirds and their nations got taken over. Third arc, Heart Dimension Neptunia H, tells you about Uzume's true identity, her memories and the ""real"" Uzume.-The fresh new giant battles(Damn, this is probably my most favorite thing about the game).-Graphics settings. Now if your computer can't run this game properly, you can lower your settings instead of lower your resolution.Cons:-Bad combo system. Instead of fully customized your combos. you got the limited of combo slots depending on the weapon you use. And also shi tty crits system that guranteed crits if last time you do rush, power ,standard, etc. which is bullsh it.-Dungeon routes. Who the hell think this is the good idea watching your damn character running around the world map to the dungeon you want to go into. Yes there is the speed up button but still annoying. Oh and also if you are lucky, you will encounter the moster along the way. Which is super annoying. Good thing you can disable these monsters along the way, ON THE SECOND PLAYTHROUGH.-Neplunker. This broken, almost unplayable platform mini-game is the most frustrating shi t in the whole fu cking game. You jump from thethe terrain that is only 30 centimeters difference, you dies. Even you did a succesful jump, you still dies. Why? BECAUSE THIS THING IS BROKEN AS FU CK.  And if Neplunker is not frustating enough. WE HAVE NEPLUNKER ZERO FOR YOU. EVEN MORE FRUSTATING, MORE BROKEN THAN THE NORMAL ONES.-Grinding for levels on this game is crap. You can't grind for shi t in this game. When you pass lvl.100 by constantly killing Giant Metal Dogoo, later you realized 10K EXP is not enough for grinding to lvl.999 unless you use Cheat Engine, like me.-DLC items. DLC characters and so on. Oh god please why the fu ck couldn't you put it all in the damn game. This is like you make it and cut it to sell seperately to get the $$$. This is nothing but microtransactions.-This game runs like crap on windowed and borderless. Frame stutter every 30 seconds.-Good story, awful ending.In the True Ending route, Uzume defeated Kurome, revived and return to Hyper Dimension and just say ""I'm back"". Like, her origin is from Zero Dimension, isn't she? The ending should to be in Zero Dimension. And just saying ""I'm back"", is this the best ""True Ending"" you've got? Story writter?Overall, good game but these new mechanics just dumped down the game and make the game less fun than the Re;Birth games. Should you get it? Yes, but only on sale because the full price is not worth it for the game that is inferior to the previous games."
,Recommended,460120,30583544,Posted: 17 March,all,Hyperdimension Senshi,"Got it the day it came out. Instantly became my favorite game. Great characters, as always, amazing story and some tough fights. Well worth it. Not too short or painstakingly long.I give it Nep/10 would Nep again"
,Recommended,460120,24881729,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Chronos,"im such a simple boy. I see nep, I review this positively+new battle system+new nep (?)+nice BGMnep/10"
76561198094398553,Recommended,460120,24141028,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ToMO,"I just noticed that this isn't Neptunia 7 but its Neptunia Victory 2.Also I recommend to disable Depth of Field in graphic option. It makes the game look worse, blurry and also does some fps drop in certain locations. After disabling it it works like a charm.YES!"
76561198038696378,Recommended,460120,24122930,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zenspy,"This.This one is certainly the crown jewel of the series up until this point.Neptunia is without a doubt one of my favorite series of games (And Victory II is the best one to me since the first one) and one of my favorite RPG's together with the Tales series and Dragon Quest.It has it all:Cute CharactersGood GraphicsAwkward Humor.Idiotic Humor. (my favorite)Humor Humor.Fourth Wall Breaking (I think Deadpool would probably be proud but it is beyond me to understand his mind)1080P+60 FPSCG (Or wallpaper if you're like me)Better gameplayAnd other things i'm too lazy to think about at the moment. (I Could go on, but i won't, but i could)Also don't look down on my play time as i played this gem on PS4.All in all i guarantee that your enjoyment on this one will be to the maximum if you enjoyed the previous titles. If you didn't (what's wrong with you?) you probably could also enjoy and SHOULD.I Rate it Nep + 1/Nep"
,Recommended,460120,24125628,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KireusG,+ I like to make theories about Uzume's history+ friendly dogoosMASTERPIECE
76561198175940870,Recommended,460120,24130929,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,18 + + DLC,Chuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
76561198019003877,Recommended,460120,24130986,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pola ポーラ,In Planeptune there are only three thinks to doHey a nepDigital style!Do some Digital fightingHey this is fun
76561198044842769,Recommended,460120,24141360,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Asagi,more nep is always good
76561198149837044,Recommended,460120,24123677,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ouro,With this I'll finally be able to enter your world! DIO!
76561198066116746,Recommended,460120,24146778,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Flydx1234,"Game was running on intel graphics, instead of my nvidia 970. Was freaked for a second at the low fps."
,Recommended,460120,24171212,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,マホ~,More Nep.
,Recommended,460120,24477245,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Melty Sweetheart,You're are playing a game about console waifus who are going around the world and saving dimensions.Best game Nep/10
,Recommended,460120,24313148,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,trackftv,THE TOPPEST OF NEPS;_____;
76561198062653515,Recommended,460120,24416755,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sicarius,"""Now, let us begin the reorganization of this world... this... Gamindustri""The game immedietely crashes. Didn't realize we were getting Undertale up in here.Also, there's a lot of frame rate issues, even with the setting turned down so low it goes back to re:birth 3 graphics. If you enjoyed that game, you will probably enjoy this one. Just be wary of this port; its glitchier than the ps4 version."
,Recommended,460120,24183570,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sam Lee,nepu?
,Recommended,460120,24213514,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nepgearsy,more nepmore positive reviews
,Recommended,460120,24389681,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kashyl,"Best Nep game out there.A ton of new unique characters! Really hard to decide which ones to use in the front and backline, since they're all so interesting and different too in terms of abilities.Graphics, combat and different mechanics have greatly improved as well. The game looks great in 1080p, also has AA and PP effects added, and you can change them in the options now. Combat requires more thinking and positioning compared to the previous games.The AI is also more smart, always flanking and trying to get the AoE attacks if your party members are too close to each other.Music-wise the game is really good, has a lot of new OSTs and more openings/endings than ever.The game has 3 chapters, so there's a lot of content in terms of story. At first Compile Heart considered of releasing every chapter separately, but in the end they combined all of them in Megadimension.Even though with every Neptunia game released the series is aging, Megadimension Neptunia VII still manages to be a refreshing addition to the franchise.This is without doubt the best Nep game out there yet. If you enjoyed the previous games, then this is a safe buy, I recommend it.TL;DR: Everything has improved, lots of content and new characters. If you like Neptunia games, then this should already be in your Library."
76561198060106590,Recommended,460120,24390328,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,フェリス,10/10NepGear Grind My Gear ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198153640183,Recommended,460120,24435168,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Reeee,Good game if you're into mostly VN with some strategy turn based play.
76561198073751012,Recommended,460120,24177969,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,xITeckz,I just bought it for ps4 ♥♥♥♥ing bs
,Recommended,460120,24148783,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,萌えEOMfarmskins.comsociety.gg,"My computer almost can't support this game, it almost blew up! 10/10"
76561198064822988,Recommended,460120,24266450,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,The Law,It was said best in a comment I read while watching the anime:Console Wars: The Anime: The Game
76561198072339585,Recommended,460120,24287714,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Curt,Love this game but my controller for some reason won't work properly on this game only
,Recommended,460120,24416227,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,scp023z,"Wanna see Playstation or XboX with♥♥♥♥♥♥we got it all hereAnd its the only reason to play this,i swearOh yeah,cute anime girlspretty touching tooNeppu out of 10hopefully with a new sequel"
,Recommended,460120,24468572,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zokuva,moar pudding pls
76561198103647971,Recommended,460120,24222922,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Luibei25,"What do you get when you take a nep, add an extra helping of nep on the side, and serve it with a dash of nep? Why, this game of course."
,Recommended,460120,24439617,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TropicalHitler,"This game absorbs your time and resources like a real girl would, but this is a one time fee and a couple more dollars for bonus waifus."
76561198292324986,Recommended,460120,24209683,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,亦可赛艇,Nepgear is my waifu!!!
,Recommended,460120,24224522,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,クー子 | Kūko,"Gamindustri has entered a precarious season known as the CPU Shift Period.During this time of social unrest,deprecating rumors about the CPUs have begun to saturate Gamindustri.Neptune and the others worry the citizens will soon call for new leadersto replace them and that their rule will end.In these critical moments for Planeptune,Neptune and Nepgear mysteriously disappear.Their destination:a divergent world, nearing its catastrophic end,called the Zero Dimension.They encounter the last remaining CPU of this world,Uzume Tennouboshi, who is desperately waginga lonely battle against a colossal evil known as the Dark CPU.Will Neptune and Nepgear be able to work togetherwith Uzume in order to save Zero Dimension from tragedy?So begins a new adventure for Neptune..."
76561198134812094,Recommended,460120,24233832,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Neptunyu,Nepppuuuuu ~~!
,Recommended,460120,24179342,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Machineseven,Payed over 70$ for VII on PS4 and over 60$ on PC....I have no regrets.
,Recommended,460120,24471068,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lt.Scáthach,"after playing through the game for the first time i really enjoyed it then the other onesPro- everything best the random crashes and fps dropscons- graphics (pretty sure u guys know about the Fps issues)- crashes in certian areasi would recommend this game as a ""play when u have the free time"" type of game but other then the graphics and crashes this game seem really solid"
,Recommended,460120,24269375,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Thana Abemari,nep/10 get nepped at my currently low specs.
76561198043905981,Recommended,460120,24448108,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Trues55,"the game makes sense if you have played Hyper dimensional rebirth 2 and 3and maybe rebirth 1 if you really want to get into the series but rebirth 1 takes place in Super dimension instead of Hyper dimension so there is alot of differences in the series but don't be swayed by the all consuming confusion. the game takes place in the game platform universe being Sega is Planeitune, Lastation which is playstation, Loweii which is Wii, and Leanbox, which is as you would guess Xbox the series is based off of the 4 goddess that watch over Gameindustri ill try not to spoil but they protect there citizens from harm while trying to boost there shares which is gained by the trust of there people which in turn gives them power to protect them.each game has a different but connected story i would reccomend this game to anyone who is a avid fan of the series at current price just because of the shear amazment that you will get from it the combat system reworked the story always somthing new and alot of plot twists and a few you would of never guessedthis isn't a game for casuals the bosses are Really really hard and you can get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to ya if you don't grindall and all the game runs smooth havn't noticed any bugs battles are difficult but managable it's really how much effort you put into it if you go half♥♥♥♥♥your gonna get a half♥♥♥♥♥resultsif your a newby i suggest an earlier game just to understand the series but if your gung ho for it it won't matter much just refer to wiki for all your answers"
,Recommended,460120,24133749,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nooijboy,Awesome
,Recommended,460120,24258541,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Anal Prolapse,fukai fukai yamino mukou de  doawo tataku kasukana koeni mimiwo sumashi hitomi koraseba  tooku yureteiru hikari tatoe mousou ya yume ya dejyabu demo story doremo taisetsuna watashi no story victory zettai darenimo yuzurenai victory I never give up muneni chikatta I never give up  haruka chigau jigenn wokoete  onaji kimochi wakeai nagara  kurisutaru no sunnda heart de  tsuyoku susunnde ikunnda  kokoro hibiwarete yume ganijinn demo  chitta kanashimi no kakera wo dakishime  itsuka namida ga egao ni kawaru hiwo  shinnjiteiru yo forever friend  imawai yasenai setunai itami mo process kitto yasashiku nareru michi no process katharsis hohowo nurashita hitosujino katharsis  sousa hitori bocchijyanai tatoe mousou ya yume ya dejyabu demo story katai kizuna de tsunagareta story history mabushii mirai he tsuduiteku history asa ga yukkuriakete yuku﻿10/10the true ending... ;-;best nepnep this yeari want more
,Recommended,460120,24261144,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Strawberry Shoggoth,My first impressions of the game and its content after around 12 hours of playing!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1q0Ss6awXDM
,Recommended,460120,24312406,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Sour Graping,"I only started with the series recently because of the evil called steam sale and now my wallet is empty from all those games that I probably won't be playing anytime soon. Now I'm lacking sleep for the last two weeks, my phone has missed calls and unread messages and for some reason my friends seem to be angry at me. Have finished Rebirth 1 and was starting with Rebirth 2 until I saw Adult Nep. Ideally, I'll buy the game and play Rebirth 2 and 3 first and only spend a few hours a day.But I'll be honest, I stopped after the first chapter of Rebirth 2 and spent more hours than I should because of Adult Nep. We got the loli Nep and now we have an Adult Nep (that adult CPU form doesn't count). Was expecting more parodies, jokes, light hearted harassment towards Lastation's CPU, Leanbox trying to obtain a successor by hook or by crook and the two Neptunes up to no good. Finally finished the game and I got more than I bargained for. I wasn't expecting feels from a game like this, but she ""waking up from the dream"" (figuratively and literally) pulled my heartstrings.The Gold Third didn't leave as much as an impression on me, unlike that fluffy headed CPU.The normal ending left me with a feeling that I should try harder on my next playthrough but I should take a 2 weeks break first. Have to get back those friends.Other thoughtsBe careful when playing any Neptunia game.By now your wallet is empty from that deluxe editionCheck your phone for messages and missed calls especially from friends.Check the timeDon't forget to sleepAnd don't draw a face on a cardboard."
76561198053034419,Recommended,460120,24322473,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Jannis,I like this game.Voted yes for Uzume's oppai's. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,460120,24445007,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,WOOMY,"I would probably give this game 9.5/10.First of all, it's a lot different than Hyperdimension Re;birth 1 2 or 3 were.   That's not necessarily a bad thing.It took a minute for me to get used to it after having played the rest of the games for so long, but it has a lot of charm too.Seems to be a fairly good port, I don't know why I've heard people complaining about it.  It's running at 60 FPS on my 1920x1080 laptop without any problems.  Controller works fine, and it plays just as well as every other game in the franchise.Guess I'll get into a list of pros and cons, assuming there are any of the latter.Pros-More Nep.  Two Neps, actually.   Which is good; we can always use more Neps.-Pretty graphics and smooth gameplay-Lots to do.   Plenty of replay value, just like every Nep game.-Practically naked ladies in the first hour of gameplay-In-depth combo creation with special set-ups.Cons-It's a little different from Hyperdimension's games, so if you're used to that it'll take a bit to get used to.That's about it.   The price is a liiiiittle steep, I got it when it was on the 40% off sale, but still -- you're not losing anything if you buy it at full price, you'll have just as much fun.Also, most of the DLC's are clothes and such, but they're nice to have anyway, because everybody needs more swimsuit Neps in their life, right?Yes.Also, pudding."
76561198078937867,Recommended,460120,24145075,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kenboy5,"Just like my ps4 copy but...my xb1 controller doesnt really work correctly? or at least how i would expect it? I have to use the mouse half the time to select things in the menues, dunno if its just me.Edit: This has been fixed now so its exactly the same, the usual nepping with an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,460120,30250123,Posted: 28 February,all,suzu,the V stands for VERY (good)
,Recommended,460120,24128760,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TENCHI125,"This Game Is Awesome, one of the best games in the franchise."
76561198020575563,Recommended,460120,24147644,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"A next gen nep game! And we get the PS4 version, not just the vita remake. If you like Nep-Nep, you've already probably bought this game. If you're on the fence, give it a go, its alot of fun.Pros:Hi def Nep Nep!Best combat so far!Dark storylineCons:Max resolution of 1920x1080. Now that I have a 1440p monitor, it would be nice to have higher res optionsThere seems to be an issue with the sound. I have to crank my volume up to hear the characters talk, but the Battle finish music is super loud. Tried fiddling with the sound options but no luck so far.Overall, its more of what you love: Nep Nep. BUY IT NOW....Noire is my waifu."
,Recommended,460120,24197463,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Eternal Nepatuna,beat the game on ps4 without dlc. proceeds to buy it on pc with almost all the dlc and still kicking the nep out of baddies :D111/11 will nep againthanks Compa and IF for bringing this to pc
,Recommended,460120,24197127,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,cloudsky22,Great Neptunia game.Neptastic :-)
76561198115931761,Recommended,460120,24195823,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mashu,"Ahem, I cried my eyes out when I figured out that my computer can't handle a certain area of the game... sub-dimension battle...The Sub-dimension battle prob the best new mode T_T, but in the end I cant say it was bad I LOVED IT even for the little that I got.Buy this game, or the Nep will come after you..."
,Recommended,460120,24188011,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,make sure to play this on the big screen and at max volumeThe look on my mother's face when she walked in during that shower scene was just priceless.P.S:i am sorry motherP.S 2: Buy Nep now
76561198136439909,Recommended,460120,29592330,Posted: 30 January,all,Think (Illya Lover),"Let me summarize what ive expierenced in this game so far.Giants, Bathing scenes, Arbore the Purple hag, Giants, more bathing scenes, lots of weirdly colored hearts or something, many dimensions, more bathing scenes, 4 golden dongs, ran-pigs, Neptune and Nepgear (Personal Favorites), Ninjas, Bathing scenes with Neptune and Nepgear, and finally rats all over the place.I r8 Nep-Nep/10"
,Recommended,460120,35038307,Posted: 17 September,all,Noire,I have no friends...
76561198183709110,Recommended,460120,35056165,Posted: 18 September,all,rize,vert ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198304536231,Recommended,460120,32236449,Posted: 7 June,all,[NN$]Eryn,Best Game In Neptunia History...You Should Buy It.. 💞💞💞
,Recommended,460120,32657121,Posted: 22 June,all,Qle,is good game
,Recommended,460120,24122626,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,⛧Aiwass_418⛧,best nep game so far.
,Recommended,460120,30851893,Posted: 31 March,all,as109,"Are there any fan services in this game like Neptun U?90/100 if having pantu, 80/100 for no pantu."
76561198127864600,Recommended,460120,32926050,Posted: 28 June,all,Nepgya・ 様,"This game is very enjoyable, especially if you get every single reference and also playing the first Nep gamesNep 4th wall breaking still the BEST thing... and Nepgya :|"
,Recommended,460120,24125800,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"This is the easiest neptunia series of all timei lay out the pro and cons first.PROS1:the game setting is pretty easy than most neptunia game out there2:you can get your true ending if you don't miss any special event on bassilicom3:there are like 3 game in one package4:main game are well price5:visual are same as ps4 i must admit and constantly running at 60fpsCons:1:DLC in this game are mostly crap cause it's always a low level item and equipment2:One character pack for this game is a joke(i refering to UMIO)cause this UMIO DLC is useless you can't move him.3:this port have some lagg issue even you have a high end PC( I MEAN FOR ANIMATION ATTACK for some time)4:The ending battle which they attemp to show score and exp have some freezing issue for like 1 second then back to  normal.i consider this game to be mediocore in this stat,i never have the game crash on me or whatsoever.the bug really have turn me off completely the one i mention in cons.so i will basicly finish the game fast until they fix it then i can have a replay of this game again.The story of the game are linear,and sometimes i don't fell the jokes are funny enough.i kinda enjoy the game but for the dlc part,i might think i regret buying the digital complete set.most of the thing are utterly useless.and yeah if i would recommend i just will recommend picking up the additional dlc character that they offer except umio.....cause the fish is useless.you can't move him so yeah that's bassicly about it. The dungeon are easy enough than hyperdimension series without any effort putting into it.and there are huge extra bonus for each characterif you able to perform some requirement act.should i recommend this game?it depend but i advice you get the base game only or wait for them to clear out some annoying bug like battle annimation laggg and i have even a gtx1080 sticking in my pc. so there, if you enjoy the first 5 game of hyper dimension series, you might enjoy this..........if you are fan enoygh"
,Recommended,460120,32385318,Posted: 13 June,all,Niflheim^,Neptune = 10/10
,Recommended,460120,24127124,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,明日歩,love this game so much
76561198047115423,Recommended,460120,24202416,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ethel,i really enjoued the game it took about 17 hours to complete though i did find it a bit disjointed compared to other HDN games where you play with one main charicter and you dident lose them aditinally i found it suprisingly short compared to the other games in the series and lacking on content as the pan system was alot bigger and you had things like stelars dungeon yet it is still an extreemly good game and i would highly recomend purchacing it.
76561197974775913,Recommended,460120,24172071,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,PopGorilla,A Neptunia game. 10/10No reason not to buy this game.
76561198045859202,Recommended,460120,24284463,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,kalbidi,Uzume.
,Recommended,460120,24475641,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,FabZen,"I came for Nep Nep and Noire and got Uzume/Orange Heart.New Waifu, best waifu.I've  never naped that good.Need more Orange Heart!NEP/10"
76561198201334075,Recommended,460120,24134633,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Porchy,My parents disowned me and my friends deny being acquainted with me.
,Recommended,460120,29324337,Posted: 17 January,all,IRainingSlayerI,I love it to death !!!!!!
,Recommended,460120,30733252,Posted: 25 March,all,ProtoStep,Adult nep.
,Recommended,460120,32359477,Posted: 12 June,all,Krodo,"nice ost, great story, adult neptune, next formbest neptune seriesnep/nep"
,Recommended,460120,32307130,Posted: 9 June,all,SyncChrome,recommended 10/10
,Recommended,460120,25832891,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Sun,Best neptunia ever. Period.
,Recommended,460120,24139950,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[UPRPRC] Yamato Hoteru,"Wow, Compile Heart actually put in new assets and sound effects for this one."
,Recommended,460120,25885303,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,VolumeUP98,Brilliant Game :D love it to bits. <3
,Recommended,460120,33602204,Posted: 17 July,all,nep,This game is really good do to the fact that it has such s great story and it is quite refreshing from the other titles in the series because it has changed mechanics and in my opinion is made better then the other games as well. If you are a fan of the series or like rpg games this is a good game for you. I really enjoy it and think you can too even if you don't like the neptunia series. The game has gorgeous visuals and good enemies to fight that are not too hard but still not easy to beat in one blow. It has multiple endings like all the other games and even on the normal ending route it will take you some time to complete so it can take you time to 100% if you are an achievement hunter like me. Overall it is a good game and I recommend it to you to atleast try it out if you can.
76561198255976008,Recommended,460120,33415737,Posted: 9 July,all,Glaceon,nep nep
76561198046114029,Recommended,460120,31713815,Posted: 12 May,all,Sadsushii,Best game by far! it's my first entry that i played on pc and gotta admit that this series is so much more enjoayable without the frame rate loss
76561198296468109,Recommended,460120,24395545,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Pvt. Jon,10/10 would nep again
,Recommended,460120,24224059,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Top Nep,NEP NEP<3
,Recommended,460120,24258445,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yurikawa,best neptune's gameplay =w=b
,Recommended,460120,24126061,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,animers_gundar103,it is just me that the BGM is stopped when character voice is out ? happen in cutscene and battle
,Recommended,460120,24128817,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fadekyun,"Noire got a stalker but she's still waifu material, rating this 1080p/60."
76561198135121205,Recommended,460120,28229157,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LightWafer,"I am really gratefull they didnt withhold this masterpiece for PS4 only, it would be a great shame."
76561198042688534,Recommended,460120,24765963,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Unisy | CPU Candidate Uni,"Megadimension Neptunia VII, one of the best games on the Neptunia series for my opinion.This game learns from the past mistakes the Neptunia games had, it makes finally a game that is fully enjoyable gameplay and story.Even if the game has some downfalls ^^'.Pros :-The music (duh), finally a Neptunia with new AND great music, The soundtrack is memorable and very good, nothing to say about it.-The story. Finally a good story that has humor AND tragedy, They finally combined those two to make this, thanks to Neptunia mk2 and Victory they found the way to have both comedy and serious events.-Uzume, a great character added to the game with a strong story that reflects one of the best consoles ever made.-The New Game plus is wayyyyy better then before, having access to all sorts of options (Keeping the characters, levels, etc)-The enemies. Arfoire isn't the worst character ever now, she's still not taken seriously but there's a reason AND she finally knows how to be a baddie, finally the old hag is competentCons :-The map, even if you access a certain item later in the game where you can't find monsters in the map anymore, it's STILL annoying, I've also been unlucky meeting monsters every time, and it's annoying when it had to load the fight and load the map again, i've lost a lot of time with these ^^'. The old Neptunia style was better.-A bug I encountered (gladly fixed) where my game would play at 5 fps, I had to search deeply in some forums and videos to find the solution, so watch out with some NVidia graphics cards.-Some DLC are really expensive for the few content they add (not the character ones)-Another bug (fixed again) where some weapons were invisible and the Metallic Garbacho would be invisible too-Croire (the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game)In conclusion the game is good, the few cons they are are nothing compared to the content of the game, I may have meant that the bugs were annoying but it's still a great game and they are now fixed, it was my experience and I hope you don't have them either, with that said I gladly recommend this game.""7.8/10 Too much dreams"""
,Recommended,460120,27054264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Padwin,Need more Nep-Nep
,Recommended,460120,33252642,Posted: 4 July,all,Hose A,i love it :3
76561198163682789,Recommended,460120,33300922,Posted: 5 July,all,epicmudkip1222,would nep again nep/nep
76561198168225540,Recommended,460120,26372984,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CPUneptune,The game is great and lots of fun.It shown great improvement from all the previous neptunia games.
,Recommended,460120,26348068,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,purpledeive,"this my first neptune game, after seein some peoples recommend it then i give a try and.............not bad especially if you're an JRPG fans this game will bring you to Highlydelusionsgaming experience and dont worry if you dont know the story neputunu and others will explain to you so 9/10."
,Recommended,460120,26259282,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kipin,yeet
,Recommended,460120,27105782,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Klamble,Nep-Nep forever
,Recommended,460120,26032615,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Xiwen,i dont need to type anything to explain why it good.Others have already explained it
76561198231485040,Recommended,460120,28085396,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ghost K Su,"I have most of the NEP-NEP games and started feeling like the games were getting bit recycled(still fun). However, I started playing this game and it seems to have the best story so far out of the series. The music is amazing. They redid the system a bit. It is now a combination of Agarest Generations of War Mixed with Fairy Fencer F and Neptunia. The game is a little more serious this time around. Must buy if a Neptunia fan. New Monsters*Great game for JRPG fans. I started playing Rebirth 1 just to try out and i ended buying Rebirth 1-3 and this one. So far this Nep game is my favorite."
76561198167389750,Recommended,460120,24956421,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nathaphol96,Noire made a friend in this one.Nep Nep ate an Eggplant.One of the best Nepgame so far if not the best.Edit 1: Why so much feels?
,Recommended,460120,28677682,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,4 БАСТАРДА,i have a idea . make MMO nep game
,Recommended,460120,24137106,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,electron.js,So many parodies assoicated with Manatsu no Yoru no Inmu114514/10
,Recommended,460120,31842626,Posted: 19 May,all,Noire Is Waifu,♥♥♥♥ing weebs
76561198047440452,Recommended,460120,25874207,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Old Cat 🐱,"""I finished in one punch!""- Million Arthur after 40 hits combo. Best dlc characters in the series."
76561198068953669,Recommended,460120,24140260,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Yang,Love itReason to buy it?Because Nep-Nep and Noire~~~~~~~~~~~~~
,Recommended,460120,33105170,Posted: 1 July,all,GHOSTEYE,I love this series of games i own them on playstation and pc worth the buy and this was my first neptunia game
,Recommended,460120,30951028,Posted: 4 April,all,Aynnata (Kat),"Review #2 --- Finished the game --- HalfWay for my second playthrough.**The First part of the review is the stats review for those who fly throught the reviews, Text part will be lower :Csha_VII: !**STATS Review:Score3D Gameplay7.5/10Graphics5/10Story9.5/10Music8/10Cinematics(Story)6/10Cinematics(Attacks)9/10Voices[English]9/10TacticGameplay9.5/10Content8.5/10Character Dev.9/10NoobFriendlyMedChallengeGoodOverall8/10Personal9/10What I dislike:Everytime you jump it spam an anoying random quoteWaaay too much text to read (its not a really bad thing) *1 (read what I like)Some ""Evil characters"" are kinda lame.Hard to really master. (Every part of the game)Contents are too much for one playthrough. *2 (read what I like)What I REALLY loved:The English dubbed voices are better than most animes !A LOT of voice acting *1The Story <3The character developement.The content is really riche !The characters in general are interesting.The Special attacks animation is worth watching any times XDThe imprevisibility of the game.A second playthrought is SO worth it ! *2Review Intro:(its the first time that i'll put a lot of effort into a review, I might do some similar reviews for other games ^^.)Megadimension Neptunia VII was actually the first nep-nep I bought.I first started to play neptuniaVII because I was looking for a J-RPG that was openworld.. (I was wrong AF) I didnt knew nothing about Neptunia games.. But in the end.. I was completely blown away from the content this game offered for the price !I played many type of games before and I never had the sense of a ""full"" solo game since ""SaintsRow2"".I'm not saying that those other games I've played between the time I've play SR2 to the time I do this review were not games that were not ""full"". But rather say that.. 3D, 2D, VisualNovel, MMO, or whatever Does not matter when it comes to a games that is made almost flawlesly (Or personally Flawless).To me, NeptuniaVII just felt Perfect in content and story.I have now started Hyperdevotion Noire and Re:Brith3.I have also started to watch the anime of Hyperdimension Neptunia :) (Its really good IMO)My Gaming path: (Sub Intro)(Some said in my past reviews that I dont know gaming, Its ok I dont want to prove I know something. But rather explaine my perception of view on games)I am the type of gamer that play most of the time MMO's and Competition games. Since i'm very open toward any type of game, I gave the chance of SO many different games.. But in the end 99% of them made me feel like the game was just designed to look good visualy, to show revolutionare features or to look really apealing.Some of those personal ""PublicStuntGames"" Include: Apb:Reloaded, Watchdog, GTA5, Battlefield 1, CoD:Bo2-Zombies, Black Desert Online, (and more). (Ps. I Love BDO)I know many love those games, But to me.. They are games the biggest aspect that were polished in those game.. were the selling points.Example of How I see those games (Not actual review):Watchdog was pushed to be sold for graphics(even tho they failed there anyways) they also didn't delivered the possiblities that the game could had offer.. /// Apb is a game made to lure those who ever wanted a ""Gta-like MMO"" But deliver the minimum basic of a ""Gta-Like"".. (Basic.. might be too much to say how low the quality of ""gta-like"" content is in the game) And also dont deliver many mmo features. /// BDO... an mmorpg that is Over-polished on the graphics side.. The content is big.. but 0 tutorial from the devs, 0 explaination, 0 guides from the devs.. The ""What im I gonna do next?"" is not answered by the game at all. The story is rushed to the point of being almost inexistant.THE REVIEW !First playthrough:Ending: Failed(Bad ending) --- Gamestyle: Rushed --- Cutscenes / Voice: Listened - Videos: Watched - Text: SkipedWhen I entered the game I didnt knew what to expect !FIRST thing I did.. what to trow my headphone away and die... (Or almost) XDWent in my sound volume and lowered the Neptunia game volume T_TFirst the little cinematic that rocks xD And then the little ""arcade"" Menu.. Its when I was like ""Oh no... The game looks really empty :/""(I was so wrong..).Then I clicked with a MOUSE ""New game"".The NEXT part will contain spoilers, ""Black boxes"" over the text mean its a spoilers, dont hover your mouse on it if you dont want to be spoiled !At first its start like a visual novel, The voices (English) were AMAZING, The animation Really great and the first little bit of the story got me hooked :)Then The game REALLY started o.o"" After the little ""intro"" the game started in Zero dimension with a Super awesome Anime-like Intro ! Music 9/10, animation 8/10 OP(overall) 9/10.I was hyped ! The OP got me like OMG.. its not started yet O.o? XDAnother ""start the game menu"" apear... Im like.. ""WTF? oh.. so its like many mini games?""..(I was so wrong AGAIN xD)So I start the gameplay with a MOUSE. and im like.. wow.. wtf? Its unplayable... eww...What is this gameplay anyways? ._.I then pluged my Xbox Controller in my PC, Had to restart the game.Hit ""Continue"" and IM BACK :DAjusted my sensivity, took a little look at the menu. Every think looked great !First ""3D"" Interactions:So I was HEY :D Im in a 3d anime game :D Might aswell jump of joy :D !...*Hit the button (A)"" *YAAH*..... Oh.. I see... (A) is for attacks.. okeeey..*Hit the button (x)"" *Menu pops up* No ! *Back**Hit (B)* *Nep: Jump like a kangerou!!!* xD okey cool. I dont really like that but.. hey.. I can jump at least..*do the tutorial* (its really quick and easy... I mostly just skipped everything Histy told me lol)*Moved a little bit and BAM its a visual novel again.. im like What? xDMore tutorials and some bla bla, Now I just want  to FIGHT !*Move toward enemy* *Enemies on sight >:D* Imma hit them with my SLOW attack (A) *Getting closer to them !*AAAAAND *Hit (A)*... *Loading* .... What??...... The heck is this? .. well ok? '-'First battle sequance:*Tutorial* Oh shut up histy -.-"""" *Skip, skip, skip*All right Im ready to FIGHT !.. wait what is that UI? weird... OOOH I SEE Its like the old Final Fantasys OOOH !Well ok... ok.So yah at first I didnt really ""enjoy""(?) the game (not as I do now).But afterZero dimensionThe first chapiter I was Hooked AF !I just loved the first chapiter's story ! It was REALLY big for just a ""Chapiter"" omg XDEvery episode finish withNeptune in a TV stationand every time I was like♥♥♥♥♥♥.. its already the end of the game? But after like 5-6 episiode 2h+ long each I was like... wow.......Reminder that I skipped EVERY ""Text only""scenes !!The first episode was a blast.. seriously !Ill end this review here, Ill might add more soon :)Let me know if its a good review or not, tell me what you dont like or like ^_^ Peace !"
,Recommended,460120,33918636,Posted: 30 July,all,スイカ,good game
,Recommended,460120,28265930,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Lilysis!~,I own this game on both Ps4 and PC and I'm happy about itThis game is really great both gameplay and story wiseNepnep/10
,Recommended,460120,24745322,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,what am i doing with my life,"this game is p good i guess, also has animu waifus10/10"
76561198106534677,Recommended,460120,24753572,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Karma,"It was a great game, I'm still trying to get all of the achievements. It is a great time killer."
,Recommended,460120,24763307,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,⚔ Zenjuro ⚔,"though heavy on my laptop, but still the game is always the best for me"
,Recommended,460120,26111006,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Denpai,Good game 9/10. Great game except no Cave so -1. GG bois. Dont step in the noose.
,Recommended,460120,34128702,Posted: 9 August,all,Stray Cat,"Nice game, cool story with decent characters (and boobs)"
,Recommended,460120,34109194,Posted: 8 August,all,여자친구 소원,"""It's pudding!~""""Pudding pudding!~""nepnep"
,Recommended,460120,34199222,Posted: 12 August,all,K-SAN,"This game really took the steps of the Neptunia game series to the new level, with its new in-game world interface and mechanics, smooth gameplay and graphics, new and memorable characters, it exceeded my expectations.F@CKING love their next form!!! EVERYTHINGS NEW AND GREAT for F@CK SAKE!!!#BREAKING THE 4TH WALL YET AGAIN#BEST NEPTUNIA GAME UP-TO-DATE#SAVE UZUME!!!"
,Recommended,460120,27151340,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ネチガワラ,Nepgear is my sister.
76561198103824993,Recommended,460120,24900492,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Pringle,It doesn't matter who you vote for Nep is eternal
,Recommended,460120,26490628,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BIBORAN,Cool
,Recommended,460120,29327706,Posted: 17 January,all,Scruffeno,"Easily spent 57.3 hours on this game. Whether it was the hilarious dialogue and characters or just some good old grinding. (and maybe some ""plot"" *wink* *wink*)10/10 would Nep again."
,Recommended,460120,29496715,Posted: 25 January,all,Kaprikorn,"Megadimension Neptunia VII is mechanically superior to the previous titles, has much better graphics and animations than the previous titles, has higher quality writing in its story, and the soundtrack is god tier.I was getting sick of the near copy-paste games Neptunia was making and was hesitant to grab this one, but I was so relieved upon playing it to discover that it's a genuinely good game with much higher quality than its predecessors. It's so far above the other entries in the series that you really don't need to get the others if you're new to it.Played this on PS4 before buying on Steam."
76561198216473251,Recommended,460120,30007950,Posted: 18 February,all,CaptKingsly,"Out of all the other neptunia games, i can say this ones the best one yet. I've played every single one of the neptunia games ( on the pc ) and i can this has the most diversity yet. Unlike the other games where theres repeatative stuff like some dungeons, same monsters, same moves and tactics, this game changes that up and i love it. highly recommend it to old fans and new comers."
76561198078374930,Recommended,460120,30969409,Posted: 5 April,all,WDD,yes this is what i searchyes this is what i likeand yes theres a heroine on itand yeeeees theres a roman on this game !buy it and enjoy playing itps: she asking you to heal her if shes hurt
,Recommended,460120,31020211,Posted: 8 April,all,greyrain,"This was my first Neptunia game. I feel like an idiot for putting it off so long.The writing is hilarious, the japanese voice acting is great (Ami Koshimizu as Vert, ♥♥♥♥ing sold), english voice acting is decent (if that's more your style), the combat is pretty standard for jrpgs but it's decently challenging (there is a bit of a difficulty spike at the start of Noir's route though), but the music is a bit hit and miss.If you're a fan of jrps and videogame/anime related humor you'll probably have a blast with this. If you want a jrpg with more depth, you might find the whole thing a bit too easy and shallow. The humor is what sells this game, not any innovations in gameplay. If you can't get behind the game's characters and sense of humor, Neptunia games probably aren't for you."
76561198262242656,Recommended,460120,31031003,Posted: 8 April,all,WeenisVageenus,only the greatest waifu rpg that i know of
76561198173746479,Recommended,460120,31150133,Posted: 14 April,all,Adrian_AonoTheVampire,This game series has been my overall favorite of all time since i've started steam. Megadimension Neptunia VII puts all thats best in the neptunia games in one game. I believe this one the be the best one out of all of them considering I have all the neptunia games (Except Blancs). I highly recommend this game to all neptunia fans and this game series to everyone because of its fair share of memes and nepping. Nep you later~
,Recommended,460120,31248876,Posted: 19 April,all,Kyle_Vasilissa Zeta,Well Another Neptune Series huh....well i been playing all of the other series (and getting all the achivement except rebirth 2) and this is my personal opinion.The art is greatNew waifu and its UzumeDiffrent than the previous game which means u can learn something new.Affoire still here yet again but not  her trusty Rat WTF .The boss are still pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and also the Grind but still worth it.Random Enemy encounter when ur getting to ur mission or to the base.Overall i give it 7/10
76561198074979628,Recommended,460120,29158153,Posted: 10 January,all,Sepitaph,"Got lured in by the memes, stayed for the gameplay."
,Recommended,460120,31452760,Posted: 29 April,all,A-LIVE,"Still maintain the aspects of the visual novel but adding an extra cinematics was great,yet still there has been a map recycle from hyperdimension but the gameplay has changed a lot compared to the previous ones,definitely came here for the Plot."
,Recommended,460120,29056533,Posted: 6 January,all,Argento Vampy,"Good Story,Cute Characters,Cool Combo and Beautiful Goddess!!"
,Recommended,460120,28952577,Posted: 2 January,all,Bells,Cute girls doing cute things + RPG + Visual Novel .... I lost 100 hours of my life in an instant.10/10 would Nep again
,Recommended,460120,33600185,Posted: 16 July,all,explosive waifu,10/10 would nep again
76561198000777915,Recommended,460120,33544589,Posted: 14 July,all,Okai,"Seems very similar to previous games in the series. If you like those then you'll probably like this too.Only critiques thus far are that the characters you get to play seem very... squishy with exp grinding not really being a viable option (at least in the early game, not gotten much further than that yet) and it seems to lack the polish of previous games with a *LOT* of spelling/grammatical errors where there used to be basically none."
,Recommended,460120,33555401,Posted: 15 July,all,super ultra mega giga nigga 9000,i love ityou should definitely buy iti spent 100 hours in a week playing this game for some reasonoh right i love it
76561198121287075,Recommended,460120,26994969,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jeanne d'Arc,I love this game and the long-awaited meeting (*> _<*)
,Recommended,460120,27753482,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SAD Zatch,This game is a pretty good indicator to figure out if you have a problem.
,Recommended,460120,27763745,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mosulola,11/10 More CPU More Waifu
,Recommended,460120,27779256,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daiekimashin,Nep is best waifu.
76561198145288322,Recommended,460120,27780676,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EZheng00,"(Note I have only played the neptunia series available on steam) Victory2 10/10 amazing game.  Skip the 2nd paragraph for new players and 3rd for those that have played neptunia's review.Btw for anyone that reads this don't listen to reviews(in general )that says anything along the lines of if you don't like anime, fps or rpgs then that the specific game is bad, because it's really not; if you don't a specific genre, it doesn't mean the game is bad, it just means whoever made that review just don't like the genre. ( sorry about that, it's just I read review for a different game that said that it was ""bad"" because of its game genre; now on to the review )New players, I going to say this the eng dub and sub might put off the character's line in a different a light sometimes; so I personally use the Japanese dub; but if you really perfer the English dub I won't stop just know that the English dub, can make some lines come out weirder sometimes . And also that some jokes gets lost in the translation, so if it came out weird in English; the joke is either lost in translation , or that it was just not your cup of tea. Also here are fan services, but you watched anime before, just know it's not as bad as DxD, or to love ru; and that it could be a lot worse. If you are not an anime fan, and have only played jrpg like ff, or the tales series, there will be a bit more fan service compared to these two titles; but look at it with an open mind, and that it's no where as bad as hunniepop. The combat gameplay for V2 will be different to some lvl compared to those previously mentioned titles; but nonetheless a very good game. Just that as a new player to the neptunia franchise, story is topically a lot more interesting then what it seems.  Also this game is somewhat new player friendly, just note that it spoils some of the previous main titles, but you don't need to play the previous titles to understand, but it will help if do play the previous titles.Ok, if you are a neptunia fan, then you probably know this that victory 2 might be one of the greatest neptunia games yep. And that if you like nep, gear and the other CPU's that they are all back and more amazing. Now back to the review, v2 has changed a lot of things when compared to the previous, however this made it a bit more interesting, since this game might be the only one I had to take some time to plan on a boss fight fairly early in the game ( might be, because I rushed a little...) nonetheless, it is awesome.  The new world map, combat system, and the new combo/equipment system most of all was interesting. Since the weapons now, needs the player to be more aware of the combo system, since the type of weapons has a different set of combo slots available. There's other different  changes, but I'm lazy. Victory 2 however is has more of a interesting story compared to previous neptunia games( since in V you would know somethings if you watched the anime, and played the previous games).  In V2 the event scenes are a bit long, but it also allowed the for new players to get an idea of each character, and old players to get a better grip of the storyline.(let's say it's shows more depth, if you understand it) for any new players or old that read this for just Remember to go in to this game with an open mind, and use the Japanese dub, it's a lot better for the neptunia series in my opinion.For the time I played it, great game and will continue to play it."
76561198049688431,Recommended,460120,26974994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ciethEdge,Nepu nepu nep neppupu!~Nepu nepu nepu neppupu!~
76561198093535714,Recommended,460120,26978440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tunafish,Outstanding sountrack and story.Nep/10
,Recommended,460120,26990213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BecauseLolis,Blanc is best girl ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,460120,27752609,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sazukejun,Must Play game if you Love Nep Nep~ :3
76561198045556659,Recommended,460120,27774153,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LunarIvan,"A good game, A good story and puns are everywhere i don't think i have anything else to say really"
,Recommended,460120,27786696,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eishun,{Placeholder}
76561198036495478,Recommended,460120,28910833,Posted: 1 January,all,FreekiII,totally worth its price
,Recommended,460120,35423069,Posted: 2 October,all,Top Nepgear,10/10 would weeb again
,Recommended,460120,24196136,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Parshey,ネップネップ
,Recommended,460120,24140717,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kim Taeyeon,Yes
,Recommended,460120,24121340,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,•Nicholas•,Nep is love ♥ Nep is Live ♥saw Neptunia VII come up on steam well that's one of the few games I'd play on the PS4... not now that i threw my wallet at steam.
,Recommended,460120,24208021,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vanrian,"well actually this game isn't work well in my pcbut, who cares? as long as i can nep-nepits great"
,Recommended,460120,24123863,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ココア,"This game have nep-nep so this is a good game, other games doesn't have nep-nep so other games are not good game, NEP-NEP!!!"
,Recommended,460120,29441919,Posted: 23 January,all,Nepper Eraviel,Every Nep fan should play this. 10/10Worth every second of your gaming life.
,Recommended,460120,26408297,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,🖤💛YangXiaoLong™🖤💛,this game is amazing litterally the best installment amazing grapics improved english voices ontop of that more of said english voices the achivements are fun to get even thou they force you to grind out the entire game in ever aspect but its cool. however there is one problem its very buggy. what i mean is every neptunia port for steam is absolute garbage cause of its grapical errors or its hiccups in frame rate. AND I HAVE ONE OF THE BEST GAMING PC OF THIS TIME AND IT STILL DOES THAT. however that being said this is still my favorite neptunia game like ♥♥♥♥ing ever so i give this a A+++++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,460120,28600806,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gu,Best JRPG 2016
,Recommended,460120,25834830,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,A posed look,"There is never too much Nep. I would've gave 11 out of 10 if Plutia and Peashy was here, unfortunately only 10/10"
76561198120439993,Recommended,460120,32667788,Posted: 22 June,all,yukkosama,"JUST GET IT!!! IT""S NEP NEP AND HER FRIENDS:D"
76561198092696076,Recommended,460120,30844310,Posted: 30 March,all,Zero,Big Nep is Top Nep
,Recommended,460120,32382082,Posted: 12 June,all,Shiroyasha,<3 so much
,Recommended,460120,24127369,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jack Reaver,It's more than you expect but less than you would hope.
,Recommended,460120,25629318,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,i love hentai,♥♥♥♥ing god speed amazing
76561198079108807,Recommended,460120,24140150,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Unstable Penguin,Very fun game.  Very funny and enjoyable cast of characters .
,Recommended,460120,24140264,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hewl,Its a masterpiece. Hail Nep !
,Recommended,460120,26084937,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,/LETS GO LIQUID,Very good 10/10
76561198000440632,Recommended,460120,26122446,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zeromic,Great Game
,Recommended,460120,28606602,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kawaii Moe Kid,Nep/10 would Nep again
76561198068057444,Recommended,460120,30351125,Posted: 5 March,all,Severa,"It's a shame that the subject material in this game is going to be an automatic turn-off for a lot of people, because this is rock-solid RPG. Ultimately if you can see past/ enjoy this kind of humor there is a lot to like here with a ton of depth to the mechanics and an enjoyable story and likable characters. 8/10"
,Recommended,460120,30326797,Posted: 4 March,all,_andy,"It is a definite recommendation whether your are or are not a die-hard fan for the Neptunia series. Great story, artwork and design, and of course has that rpg feeling to it."
,Recommended,460120,29200697,Posted: 12 January,all,Loli Tempest,"Bwahahaha XDUndeniably the most hilarious Nep-Nep so far XDNep-nep aside, this game has a lot of new feature than previous Neptunia series."
,Recommended,460120,31708697,Posted: 12 May,all,NepNepNepNepNep-NepNepNepNepNep,Reading Simulator
,Recommended,460120,29478463,Posted: 25 January,all,EmpiNain | IronPenguin,the first anime and  RPG pc game i tried and its fun you may get frustated sometimes
76561198071693991,Recommended,460120,31693730,Posted: 11 May,all,黒,"海王星系列里目前感觉最好的一作~As I see, this is the best one from nepnep series."
,Recommended,460120,29499062,Posted: 26 January,all,Level 16 Virgin,"Is this review good? No.I just like the game, nuff said.It is a little barebones in the post game department, and the giant metal dogoo being the only way to level up... Yeah. Ain't great there. Regardless, only nitpicks are really just RNG giving me a good old session in the bum, so.. Can't say much there.Honestly, if you like JRPGs, comedy, and gaming, yeah this game fits the bill. It isn't spectacular,but it's a nice new addition.If I had to name one thing to hate, Development. Oh and maybe how it constantly gives and takes characters in that first run.In regards to Dev, it's cool, just.. wish it would be a little less tedious to do. You have to go out of your way to gather resources, and uh. While not necessary, annoying. I did go through the whole game using steel bracelets though so.... :/Just used dungeon pickups."
76561198122235237,Recommended,460120,29440229,Posted: 23 January,all,leoonard1,Highly Recommended! My First JRPG
76561198343577333,Recommended,460120,29176986,Posted: 10 January,all,₡arrot ❤,zerodimesion.. i am coming !!! ~
76561198177644082,Recommended,460120,29241075,Posted: 13 January,all,CALM-CALM,"Revolutionary progress，Contrast 123, play more fresh and interesting，The details are more friendly！Neptunia VII is simply a mysterious new game。"
,Recommended,460120,30645096,Posted: 20 March,all,-[FF]-,Didn't have anything to say. But good game
,Recommended,460120,34921509,Posted: 13 September,all,11K,460120
,Recommended,460120,28540231,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,俊雄,"I bought the game for the Neps, and I got double Neps.I am pleased."
,Recommended,460120,24216869,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Aruto Evils,> Nep> Uzume> CPU UzumeMUST BUY AND DONT QUESTION YOURSELF
,Recommended,460120,31001191,Posted: 7 April,all,16,"Nep Nep Nep, NepNep NepNepNep.NepNepNepNepNepNepNepNepNepNepNepNep NepNepNep?Nep! NepNepNepNep NepNepNep Nep...Sorry, I forgot to translate:Nep Nep Nep, NepNep NepNepNep.NepNepNepNepNepBuyitNepNepNepNepNep NepNepNep?Nep! NepNepNepNep NepNepNep Nep..."
76561198090717797,Recommended,460120,24125343,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Stfu ppl2pass,"Noire best waifu, Noire best waifu, Noire best waifu."
76561198072100516,Recommended,460120,33911320,Posted: 30 July,all,Windy Wind,"Don't ask any question, just buy it...that's all"
76561198003987457,Recommended,460120,25001425,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Paladin Leeroy,"Every time you play this game , a fat feminist somewhere gets a heart attack.After playing game enough time;It's a good game,  graphics and textures look bit dated (ps3 ) , juping function feels awkward , but you need it only for one dungen so far. The characters are very likeable , story is entertaining and jokes are fun. Combat system is pretty good for a turn based rpg.Nep Nep for life ."
,Recommended,460120,30738678,Posted: 25 March,all,aaaa,nep
76561197979434217,Not Recommended,460120,33601634,Posted: 16 July,all,Drasis,"Well, I started the game looking forward to another mainline Neptunia game...and was rather rapidly disappointed.The bad:The series has never been some grand source of storytelling but in the past it has been enjoyable and entertaining; with VII I found myself utterly uninterested in the story until maybe the last quarter of the game and even then it didn't come close to garnering the interest that the Rebirth games got from me.Compounding the issues with the storyline were a few elements of the gameplay. I utterly detested the introduction of route building as having to connect locations with a route, and then follow the routes to get anywhere served only to waste time...especially with the random battles you would get into along the way. Simply getting anywhere for the story, never mind grinding rapidly became an annoying experience.Lesser irritations included the game deciding the equipment on your characters whenever new characters entered the party, which wouldn't have been too bad a problem if it weren't for how often characters enter and leave (also the game would sometimes seem to change equipment setups even with characters that didn't leave the party). The investment system may have been interesting in concept but in practice it just meant grinding more credits.We also had the new characters: Uzume/Orange Heart was ok; Adult Neptune failed to add anything (she actually at times made me dislike her) and the Gold Third (C-Sha, S-Sha, E-Sha and B-Sha) I pretty much entirely disliked.There's also all the characters dropped from this game such as Plutia/Iris Heart, but even more surprisingly Falcom, Mages., MarvelousAQL and Broccoli. Sure, they weren't main characters but they were still staples of the series.Mixed impressions:The battle system revamp, while small was a step forward in trying to get players to do more than hit a single button. The dungeons had more interesting designs, though this was coupled with some annoyances in traversing them (best exemplified by the Golden Summit in Leanbox and especially with parts of Neplunker).The Good:The music for the game was easily the best of the series. Neptunia banter (pretty much the usual here, though I didn't think it was quite as good).Summary:I've seen a lot of people hold up Megadimension Neptunia VII as the best of the series, and quite frankly I can't see it. This was the first time I actually struggled to bring myself to finish one of the mainline Neptunia games and the only time with them that upon getting my first ending for the game I was like ""Well, game finished, I'm done, time to move on to the next entry in my backlog.""If I was to recommend a Neptunia game, it'd be Rebirth 3 or 1. In fact, I might actually recommend Rebirth 2 over this (and I never would have thought I'd recommend 2 over any mainline Neptunia games before). Megadimension Neptunia VII I honestly feel I can safely say is the worst of the mainline Neptunia games. I hope that Idea Factory can get back to the feel of the Rebirth games, as even with their faults, I vastly prefer all 3 of them to this."
,Not Recommended,460120,28263634,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Atrabelos,"This game has not been patched since shortly after release (~5 months at the time of this review) and still currently suffers from major stability isssues, frequent crashing, and other game-breaking issues:- The game has frequent issues with many NVidia Geforce GTX-series cards, even ones far above the minimum/recommended specs, and will crash every 10-20 minutes due to memory leaks. This can even happen to some users with AMD cards, from reports on the forum.- The game is horribly optimized and will also crash many integrated Intel GPUs that are otherwise more than capable of running the game, in particular one long dungeon very early in the game called Sakura Park.- The game is lacking a Japanese-only balance patch that fixes glaring oversights regarding the game's combat system and scaling, namely with activated skills and EXE drives (aka. hypers) falling off into complete uselessness past the early game.- There is frequent stuttering and delay within the menus that can lead to crashes, especially with one of the graphics cards mentioned above. One of the July patches that IFI released helped the problem and made the stuttering far less noticeable, but it still happens.However, the abandonment of this game by the devs is particularly concerning, as IFI has done this once in the past. A previous game in the series, Neptunia Re:Birth2, saw IFI completely drop support for it while the game suffered from constant crashes, rolled back several problematic attempted fixes, and then did nothing for the rest of the game's lifespan. It still has not been patched.Overlooking the problems, Neptunia VII is a surprisingly good RPG with a long and indepth (if silly and whimsical) storyline, decent humor, and moderately challenging fights. I have been a fan of the series for years, but VII's abandonment by its developers in spite of its balance issues and lack of stability means I can't easily recommend this to anyone looking for a complete experience, especially not with this pricetag."
76561198074101929,Recommended,460120,24236124,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fluffy AMIAMI,"looks great, just keeps crashing and promptly refunded it, otherwise pretty ok"
,Recommended,460120,29508340,Posted: 26 January,all,Rεd Høød,Good Nep game would Nep again.
,Recommended,460120,29516187,Posted: 26 January,all,⎛⎝Schnelli⎠⎞,I enjoyed it. If your into the series this is definitely a must have
,Recommended,460120,29949386,Posted: 15 February,all,AomiN,ねぷ！
,Recommended,460120,29958388,Posted: 16 February,all,Jibril,A great addition to the Hyperdimension series!
,Recommended,460120,29291914,Posted: 16 January,all,Aura,"Nepu-Nepu is love, Nepu-Nepu is life.... my only regret is that Plut's isn't playable in this game."
76561198104869745,Recommended,460120,30418662,Posted: 9 March,all,Teegeetiger,Nepping Good
76561198178578729,Recommended,460120,30461867,Posted: 11 March,all,Nexus,Good game :)10/10 lul
,Recommended,460120,33917403,Posted: 30 July,all,NepGear💜Purple Sister💜,"Thank you game Megadimension Neptunia VII.Pre-production for Megadimension Neptunia VII started immediately after V and was originally created as Zero Jigen Game Neptune. Including the concept phase, the game had been in development for about two years and a half until 2015."
,Recommended,460120,24122597,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,unlucker tbh,the path is always nep nepnever not nep
,Recommended,460120,24437928,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,:ok_hand,nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu nepu
,Recommended,460120,28460550,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,kaipy,Rom is cutewhat else
,Recommended,460120,32837557,Posted: 26 June,all,NepNep,Very fun and addicting. 10/10
,Recommended,460120,25039231,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Chouchers,It good game not best neptunia game on pc.
76561198146529840,Recommended,460120,30846669,Posted: 30 March,all,YoRHa Betrayers,awsome booing booing boing
,Recommended,460120,29952866,Posted: 15 February,all,💜Therion💜,💜💜💜💜You just cant get enough Nep smooth FPS good story line nice combat system Compile Heart still never failed us  ANYONE WANT SOME NEPTUUUUUNNNEEE!!?!? 💜💜💜💜
,Recommended,460120,28341995,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Yawgi,Another great game in the series!
76561198117525431,Recommended,460120,28339366,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ghost Hunter 2501,The ultimate Nep game. Period.Nep yeah. Yeah Nep.The win is pure Nep. Nep is pure Win.Such a Nepping good time.Buy it or Arbore will get angry with you!!!
,Recommended,460120,32705591,Posted: 23 June,all,yung geezer,too much dialouge. i mean... it's aight i guess
,Recommended,460120,33067324,Posted: 30 June,all,"✭ Crème Star, Calvin.",Adult Neptune is legal to do Adult stuff.Likedriving & stuffYou honestly thought i was gonna say something lewd. Eh.
,Recommended,460120,28530416,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Epiphany,"I see noire, i give good review"
,Recommended,460120,30218940,Posted: 27 February,all,Inazuma,Great game
76561198041324801,Recommended,460120,31366809,Posted: 25 April,all,CptCook,Anime tiddies
,Recommended,460120,29978788,Posted: 16 February,all,Studying Life Away,"Watched a weaboo play it, played it for .3 hours."
76561198166464724,Recommended,460120,32950019,Posted: 28 June,all,Natsume,(y)(y)
76561198036979448,Recommended,460120,33059282,Posted: 30 June,all,Nep The Nepper,10/10 Whould Nep again!
76561198012727270,Recommended,460120,29809450,Posted: 9 February,all,Seele,Plutia a cutia
,Not Recommended,460120,29143081,Posted: 9 January,all,Tsukasa,"Toe be completely honest, as much as I love NepNep, I can't be bothered to really appreciate what is quintessentially another Victory Re:Make.I'll admit, I never got through the original HDN back on the PS3 because of it's myriad of both optimization issues, and will agree on at least one factoid: It's come far, in terms of technical polish.Sure, it's better than Re;Birth 3, 2, and 1 combined and it definitely feels ""polished"" for what it's worth, but it still doesn't account for the fact that it's literally like looking at a photograph of it's past self, smiling a bit at the fond memories, and then watching something you used to really enjoy suddenly fill you an odd feeling of disappointment, because it didn't live up to your expectations.But anyways, onto the game features:What can I say: It's Nep at it's...finest?Featuring the same combat system you've seen over...And over...And over...And over... again.Now with sparklier forms, flashier moves, same-ish meta moeshit humor, and a new cast of characters that you can add to your ever growing arsenal of Nep crew:It's the perfect game for people who don't mind shilling out endless dollars at devs who lack any sort of creative direction, and will probably ride this series's concept to the very dirt it started from because they couldn't be bothered to try something experimentally different for their mainstay series.We have spin-off games whose production value range from ♥♥♥♥♥♥ - Semi-♥♥♥♥♥♥, whom only die-hard fans of the series could really appreciate.In short. Megadimension was a chance for the Devs to bring something fresh and new to the main-series table... yet they failed miserably.My hope is that Four Goddesses Online will be willing to brave in a new direction.I'm sorry Nep, I've failed you.But you failed me harder."
,Recommended,460120,32869670,Posted: 27 June,all,Sheryl Nome ~Kira!,It's Good
,Recommended,460120,24118649,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Plutia,"Buy Uzume's game or I'll punish you.After platinuming the game... if there is any Neptunia game you play, make it this one. I can't really put into words how far this series has come."
,Recommended,460120,24120449,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kaas272,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
,Not Recommended,460120,28622059,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,gotanygrapes,"I'd probably give this game a neutral rating if I could, but as it stands it's hard to recommend it based on performance alone.The game is severely unstable in the sense that crashes are frequent and random. Not sure if the game has issues with certain hardware configurations (my specs are far above and beyond what a game like this could ever require) or doesn't play well with certain pieces of software, but either way the problem is legitimate and support from the developer appears to be non-existent. ""Solutions"" are out there, but none have worked for me personally.I literally spend more time hoping I reach a save point before I lose too much progress from a crash than I do actually enjoying the game.The game itself seems fine. I like the combat systems, the art direction, and the soundtrack. The story, while pretty whimsical, is entertaining enough - though the writing is beyond ♥♥♥♥ing cheesy. I want to recommend it, but tbh all I can really say is buy at your own risk... the game may or may not run correctly on your hardware and you may just end up with the frustrating experience of being unable to enjoy the game you want to enjoy."
,Recommended,460120,24118847,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Elysium,ALL ABOARD THE NEP-nEP HYPE TRAIN 2K16SUCK IT PLAYSTATION
76561198119802543,Recommended,460120,24123405,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ztarman,"10/10 Too much Nep- IGNep10/10 Triple dimensions = Triple fun- Kodogoo10/10 Other me isn’t the only who can break the 4th wall- Adult Nep*If you're wondering about the low playtime, I already platinumed the game on PS4 and even wrote a guide on Steam so I'm not sugarcoating the game with a high score just for the purpose of it*Welcome to my review of Megadimension Neptunia Victory II the 4th main instalment in the series taking place years after the events of Victory/Re;Birth 3. The game takes place across a total of three dimensions (Zero, Hyper, and Heart) with lots of gloomy and hilarious moments from Gold Third, AffimaX, and the main cast.One day Neptune happens to stumble upon a console one day and decides to bring it back home. While she and Nepgear inspect it, they get sucked in a warp and end up in the Zero Dimension, a barren wasteland of a nation. They meet Uzume Tennouboshi and her fish companion with a human face Umio who both have been struggling to bring down the “Dark CPU”Gameplay is what you would expect from other Neptunia titles with some slight changes. For starters, weapons play a slightly more prominent role as in the most powerful weapons usually won’t cut it anymore.  Weapons now excel and lack in either of the 3 combo types (ex. Long rush combo/short power combo). The EXE Drive Gauge also resets after every battle but fills up quicker compared to past titles. Next-Gen forms are also a new thing where the Goddesses’ go beyond their HDD form.One thing that might annoy everyone is the revamped World Map. Gone are the days of just simply picking a dungeon and entering immediately. Now the World Map is more akin to that of a platformer (ie- Super Mario World) where characters will walk slowly towards a dungeon or nation only to have a chance of random encounters occurring. The remake system and Stella’s Dungeon from the Re;Birth trilogy are not present here with the game using an improved Scout system from Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory.Scouts provide bonuses (or handicaps) when placed in dungeons and they’ll usually discover other fellow scouts, items, credits or hidden dungeons. It works in the real time the same as Stella’s dungeon except numerous scouts can be placed all over and it plays a more important role."
,Recommended,460120,24120747,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Fred of The Durst VI.5,"Nep where no Nep has Nep'd before. Nep/Nep best game of 2016, Praise Nep"
76561198065487246,Recommended,460120,24119563,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Vive La Blanc,This would be the place i would put a review if i could run the Nep's.
,Not Recommended,460120,30128034,Posted: 23 February,all,Khorm,"I was told this is best mainaline Nep game.  So far 36 hours in, and its by FAR the worst one.Sure they removed/improved some elements from previous games that were medicore like armor breaking....And replaced them by systems that are just as bad.Some enemies have breakable parts. Cool, except there are cases where you can hit that enemy in that weak spot for whole fight and it wont break before enemy dies...Replaced combo system from pressin Same button X times..To a system where you set up a combo and press same combination of X buttons every single time...The worst part though is that the game feels like chore.Route Building is a complete waste of time.Random map encounters aginst joke enemies that give no reward. Waste of time.Pathetic experience/credit gains forcing you to grind just for story progression (which I never ever had to do in a Neptunia game before). Waste of time.Oh and dont get me started on Neplunker....If you want a good nep game stick to 3 or 1."
,Recommended,460120,24160196,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Nep-NepPraise the Nep!
76561198218957731,Not Recommended,460120,25262223,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BigBaby Bernie,Game was enjoyable until second update at which point I got constant crashes upon entering battle on a pc above recommended specs. Have used forum advice to no avail and IF has not responded to any of my three support request. May change if issues are resolved in the future.
76561198308800057,Not Recommended,460120,25469169,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[HNEP] Wispytoast,"(5.5/10)I'll get some hate for this but I truly cannot reccomend this game, it is Hyperdimension Neptunia however its so different with no transition into this difference. Not to mention i didnt want them to change the game in the first place.Negatives:This game barely touches the same level of comedy, barely touches the same level of emersive gameplay, Completly changed how you have to battle, Tons of storyline battles are completely luck based (Spoiler maybe: At some point you battle the 4 cpus sometimes they can continusly spam exe moves or somtimes you can live while they use normal attacks), They put in a new quest system but they dont even use it effectivly, it barely touches the same level of almost everything. By the way remeber all the items you used to be able to collect in dungeons? Yeah, nope not anymore.Positives:However there are some big imporvemnets (not enough to balance its flaws)- The Scout system is way better, the new characters are really cool, investment is a really cool concept (they killed it by making anything but public relations almost pointless), Also it is really neat and annoying (but its a good kind of annoying) how you can have random encounters while walking across the world you cant just fly over unphased 100% of the time.Overall rating?5.5/10 that is compared to HDN Rebirth 3 at a 8/10"
,Not Recommended,460120,25347198,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,aniMAXXX,"THIS GAME KEEP CRASHING EVERY 10-30MINS, Dialog ""Sorry!, Game has crashed"", you can ignore and continue playing few times..Running Geforce GTX 1070, i7 6900K, 64GB RAM, Windows 10.PLEASE FIX!!!!"
76561197972430632,Not Recommended,460120,25160647,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Spigot,"In misplaced devotion to a commercial productThey will come to improperly deductThat criticism is equal to hateFor have you seen what they appropriate?Overwhelmingly positive might be trueBut to others they practically sueIf you feel this skepticism is misplacedTake a look at my reviews they defacedFor by ""not recommending"" I know what will be doneA press of the ""not helpful"" buttonAnd surely in my rhymes against themThey will be eager to condemnAs one who tries to type his thoughtsThey put me into the crowd of the ""have nots""Made with the aid of the rhymer website.62 (ok/good)TLDRA fairly bland yet well paced game with minimal grinding needed and lots of dialog.A hyperdimension game that exceeds all of the other RPG hyperdimension games. But still disappoints, they do not aspire to give the game the dimensions needed to win awards, or impress me. It had a few good moments but many of these fell flat. A game not worth it's 50$ price (I think it's 35$-45$).It's still in my perspective a mediocre (but improving) JRPG that relies on it's ""cutesy"" characters and laid back story to sell, this game certainly ain't bad, but compared to other games this game isn't that good. Buy this game if you want a mediocre japanese RPG with cutesy characters and tons of dialog of which only 50% is voiced. (and soft porn)---------------------STORYBeginning with story/world, I believed it to be ok, but with a touch of anime ""logic"" in that in the ""dimensions"" there are certain rules that if one thinks can predict what is to come, and better foreshadowing; when the mysterious voice talks to some of the characters in the ""better off"" dimension in a certain way, indeed there is a ""guessing game"" in the story that is functional and somewhat captivating.The hyperdimension drivel is still here of course, but this time is injected into scenarios even more out of place than the previous games, almost as if a checklist; whenever there is a big boss battle there is a segment of drivel dialog to lighten things up bafflingly, you can compare with minimal error it to soldiers in a ""military shooter"" talking about their country's superstars in the seconds prior to combat; literally about an 1 or 2 sentences are committed to it, now I like my drivel, and the overall lightheartedness of the story but there are better ways of transmitting it.About 95% of the story is done through this animated 2d artwork that is nice and definitely cheap and effective but it leaves me craving, indeed this is a restricting thing that the developers chose to do that does not permit many cinematographic techniques; you will be seeing these 2d artworks doing the talking with little added to make it impactful, I felt they neglected to use other modes of communicating story, probably since it was cheaper this way. The cut-scenes in this game are used mainly to show transitions, and are what I feel is a neglected idea when it comes to varying how the story will be expressed and would be better if these happened more often during the middle of the game, where small cut-scenes would be played to better entertain me, but the current direction of their use is rare when used for story, and is more often as an enhancement to combat as a short improvised cutscene during it, I suspect most of their ""cut-scene budget"" was spent on the ""cut-scene attacks"" that you can make your character use.I recall what I thought was a waste of 3d assets in a fight between the witch and the purple-haired character, where they had an opportunity to have the camera pan on the character's faces as the fight ground down and dialog ensues, instead it quickly reverts back to the 2d stuff.About 80% of the humor and humor deriving from 4th wall breaking is coming from the dialog with comments like ""switching out the protag; Really?"" or ""here comes a source of EXP and credits"" or ""UGH, annoying"", and incidents with the story dialog, some of it was funny though much of it constrained in the 2d artwork. I really woulda wanted a greater ""Range"" of topics that can be expressed in the story, like mayhap more depth into some of the sociological impacts of games or I dare say it, something bad about video games (though I  don't think the developers are brave and/or creative enough to bring up a topic in a way that doesn't clash to harshly with the lighthearted story). Minimally there is also a wish of something more significant in this story, to reduce it's ""simple/lightheartedness"" and to provide more substantial metaphors, such that when I saw one of the baddies and her ""delusion power"" I thought we had here an opportunity to hint towards the insanity of our modern situation, but to some disappointment it was largely a baddy power, and not really a metaphor for anything. A part of me also wanted more environmental or absurdist humor in it, the kind that ""goat simulator"" specializes in; like making a level that is a parody of some trope or some ""rule"" in gaming and then have the characters comment on it, rather than having nearly all of the humor coming from character dialog, of which indeed would have been expensive but I think would expand and improve the humor. However a point against me is that likely, much of the humor is too japanese-specific to be registered by me so thus some of my points are weakened.Midway through the game they chose to to split up the the 4 main characters up into their own smaller adventure which was nice, since it that let more of their dialog and personalities show through instead of having it to compete with all of the others, though I felt that the good guys were largely the same bunch that one experienced in the last couple of games. Often it felt that there was some absurd luck as if from a cartoon came to twist the fate of the good guys inexplicably, like when another ""Goodie"" fell from the sky and helped them, or when the witch suddenly is saved by the ninja, or the gullibility of the main character, or the many times the goodies or the baddies get away from danger, all of this reinforces the cartoonly narrative, but I still feel something lacking. This could all be seen as refreshing if you had not played another Jrpg or have been isolated to your own culture, but they became boring to me about 60% into the game, then I preferred to read and rush through the goodie's dialog instead of hearing it, and the only the bad guys (specifically the robots) I listen to (since I wanted to see how they would trash the goodies).Some of the fun in that midway section came from the peculiar nature of the new rulers of the nations, they didn't really care that much about ruling and weren't about gaining power yet they still had it, and most saw it as on opportunity to live their lives closer to their dreams, indeed 3 of them weren't really in charge of their own societies, content to live in their own ideal life, and the 4th was so relaxed in exercising her powers as to be well ""cool"" but unfit for ruling. I personally like these kinds of reversals and the ""good guys"" interacting with them to get back their nations.Towards the end (optimal ending), I felt the game was inflating it's gameplay a bit, with additional content that didn't feel timely, since clearly the ""core reactor"" was destroyed and the ""ship"" was collapsing and yet the characters stayed for an inordinate amount of time fighting bosses and enemies for what felt like 4 dungeons, the story was properly climactic at that time, but I would have preferred that once ""core reactor"" was destroyed the story dramatically sped up to hurry along to it's end, which I thought would have been an improvement.Due to my bad word economy and broadness, you must look at the last 28 comments to read the review."
,Not Recommended,460120,28735618,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Now You're Playing With Power!,"Warning: Mega Rant Here.I've faced an endless amount of glitches, lag, errors, controller mapping difficulties, camera disfunctions, quality issues and the lot. This game has so far been virutally unplayable. I have close to two hours registered ""playing"" the game, and its all been dedicated to trying to fix this garbage. Its a shame that this game can't even play its opening video cutscene, or get a line of dialogue in the visual novel aspect without a five second long pause.Controls:The amount of buttons on this game is insane as its obviously a direct port from PS Vita. Except unlike good ports, it doesn't even tell you what the buttons are supposed to really do, in other words, it doesn't translate a ps vita keyboard to a pc keyboard. Furthermore, they decided to not let you use the mouse to rotate the camera, but you are forced to use the keyboard, using 4 extra buttons. I found its easier to play with a contorller than the keyboard, since it has more buttons to use than ♥♥♥♥ing warcraft. But even the camera, no matter what I do, no matter what button I assign to the controller, will not stop the camera from rotating. When I plugged in my controller from my PS4, I still had to rework out the buttons as the one assigned either went directly to a button that made no sense (i.e. What would be used as the L2 Button was assigned as left x axis down or something like that). Then I would have problems where I would want to assign one button to a control that was already being used. So instead of the game reverting that previously used button to blank, it would just share it. So at one time, both Yes and No responses were on the same button, and would have the same effect. I had to rework around this, going back to my pc keyboard, thne going back to controller, then reworking (somehow) the default option so that I had to restart the entire mapping process. Kill me.Video:The video cutscene look really cool, its a shame that they work for ten seconds before scratching and lagging out, also, the audio follow that too. Toi fix it, I tried to dimish the quality of the game, disable V-Sync and other buttons, switch from window to fullscreen to boarderless - all to see if I could actually play the videos. Eventually, I gave up. It wasn't going to work. Whenever the game has its VN aspect, no matter what setting you put it on, the character will just wait ten seconds before making another line of dialogue. They just stare at you with their weird slowly blinking cartoon faces.Audio:The audio doesn't seem to be too bad, whenever it fails, its still in sync with the video since thats lagging too.Story:Ha! If I could even experience the story, I would let you know how it went. But the idea of having the different arcs as different games or something sounds interesting. I just wish I could actually play it.Overall:This was depressing, I am a huge fan of the series, I own the original three games, not the rebirth remakes. They're all on PS3. I do own MegaTagmensional Blanc + NepNep vs Zombie on PC. It has similiar control problems, espcially the pathetic conversion from PSVita to PC. But the video and gameplay worked fine. I assume that maybe a more powerful computer could handle the problems I faced with my game, but I own a Surface Pro 3, and it handled the Zombies game fine, so why shouldn't this?At this time I am still reseaching how to fix the 10 trillion problems I faced in this game, but no article or help guide seems to fix the problems. I'm currently considering just returning the game and refunding my money. As a player, I deserve to be able to play the game as it should be intended, and not have to rewire my whole hard drive to accomidate for the kusoge game."
,Not Recommended,460120,24694062,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bashy,"- Review subject to chagne -Personally I wish I was enjoying this game like everyone else is. However I just can't bring myself to, this game just feels like a empty shell, Sure it has the Blanctunia character's and theme. When I play it thought it just feel's like it's lacking soul, the spark that I felt in every other Blanctunia game that would make me feel happy. When I play this game it does not feel authentic to me, like its just a bland grey husk of the older game's. So far I have finshed the first part and started the second. I was very disappointed in the lack of content such as no side quest's as well as how short the first part was in general, not to mention how easy the combat is. The combat is dumbed down to the point were it's just unenjoyable now. ( I have found this to be a recurring issue as the Blanctunia game's have gone on ) Granted later on in the second part you can do side quests.  I would say the one saving grace of this game aside from Blanc being in it is the soundtrack! the soundtrack in this game is great I cant get enough of it. Sadly thats were my love for this game dies. I will do my Blanny Blanny Best to try and finsh this game bit by bit to see if I am wrong. However as of right now I can't recommend this game. As for the pervious blanctuia game's like the orginal, and the first two rebirth's I would recommend them becuase they were alot more enjoyable and had much better combat."
76561197974136987,Not Recommended,460120,27919117,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xandriany,I cant play it really poor translation really gives me the sh***
76561198072125443,Not Recommended,460120,24289949,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,daight90,"Before you decide to buy this game,Be aware that this game has♥♥♥♥♥♥compatibility with AMD cards, and even some nVidia cards,It will flicker non stop, and has FPS issues where your FPS will be super slow, like 10-15fps.I really like Neptunia series, bought rebirth 1 to 3 for my PSP, tried buying this on steam but, it has only given me many trouble, nobody knows how to fix the screen flickering.And even FPS issues is hard to fix.For your information I am using Radeon R9 390 GPU, which is equivalent to nVidia 970.My computer spec is even better than the 'reccomanded', except for Windows 7, which is the miminum.I tried to fix the flickering/FPS issues, and resulted in steam play time over '3hours', which is not eligible for refund. ♥♥♥♥ me.Googled to check, even re:birth1 to 3 has this issues for steam.50+ USD for a game which I have trouble playing, and gonna put it on shelf forever because of technical issues,I will never buy these games from steam EVER again."
76561198146475103,Not Recommended,460120,24403716,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Skrubbloawd,"gameplay seems good, what little i can play of it. Game constantly crashes whenever i play for onger than like. 5 minutes.Seems like the pc port for this one is garbage. If ya wanna play a neptunia game play one of the three rebirth instalments"
,Not Recommended,460120,29102618,Posted: 7 January,all,Suwakos Nice Boat,MEMES :C
,Not Recommended,460120,28736413,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JacobTheAngryCat,"I went in expecting anime gurls, all i got was annoying clichesEdit: keyboard controls were terrible too."
76561198093162742,Not Recommended,460120,24198066,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,random scrub,"I run an AMD r9 280x and an AMD A10 APU from like 2012, but before any nVidia tries to sell me his gpu, I just want you to know, there are nVidia dudes getting flickering as well.AnywayI've played in two dungeons.I'm gonna assume there's something wrong with the first dungeon, cause i get flickers and artifacts there.But never when I'm fighting, or in the second Dungeon in any instance. This game is perfectly playable outside of the first dungeon, SO FAR.at first i thought it had something to do with my hardware, but if the second dungeon runs perfectly for me, well I just don't know.I'm gonna keep playing, hopefully it won't be so buggy here on out, and hopefully i won't hafta revisit that first dungeon.I think it might be harsh for me, not to recommend this game based on one dungeon, but I'm not recommending it cause I'm pretty sure thre's like a million recommending reviews from people who clearly haven't beaten the game yet and haven't run into any issues.Since I'm not certain the prollems will remain in that first dungeon, this review will remain negative. Once i've beaten the game, I will change my review to positive as long as this flickering and artifacting stuff doesn't reappear. Because seriosly, that one dungeon is only gonna take like 5 minutes to beat, a five minute hiccup is fine when you get like 40 plus hours of decent gaming. I just kinda wish IF worked a little harder on this port."
,Not Recommended,460120,24152068,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Miporin,"edit: typosV2 shows very positive improvements over its previous titles. If you are looking for more of the same Nepu~Nepu experiences. Go ahead, you will feel right at home.However, the reason I am giving V2 a Negative is not for the Gameplay, nor its Universe but based on my Preference itself. I am prepared for a massive down-votes by the fans who don't want their favourite title to get some Reds, but if you are interested to hear my reason, continue reading ...V2 as the VN[ ★★★★★ ]I love it, seriously, I have no favourite waifu(s) in this universe. They did a wonderful job by adding settings like BGM fading during characters' dialogues / monologues, and etc. It is just that the current build has some weird tiny stutters during those scenes.If you are the type that skip the most or whole VN part, you won't notice this. It is not a major issue, but it becomes quite an annoyance if you are on auto-mode, and listen to everything, staring at characters for the whole dialogue. It is understandable if you are skipping something, but it shouldn't be there during the auto-mode.V2 as the JRPG[ ★★★☆☆ ]About average is the closest thing I can put it. It is a grindy sandbox JRPG. You are farming to level up your stats/skills, upgrade your equipments, kill the bosses, save the world, and your friends. These can be done at your own pace, can be customized to some points.However, despite it being improved, imho, it is still more suitable for handheld devices, not something for consoles, or PC.Neptunia series have been giving the vibes of pick-up 'n play, stop/save your progress, then put it down. I would love to play this kind of games when I'm outside, especially when I have to spend hour(s) waiting for something, but not when I am at my PC.V2 as the VN, and JRPG[ ★★☆☆☆ ]I don't feel that the grindy sandbox JRPG should be used for games that focus on interactions between characters, and story telling. I am coming to V2 to play as Nepu~Nepu~, in order to see her interacting with her friends throughout the story, not to keep on grinding to see Nepu~Nepu~ getting OP, with plots as the additional stuffs.I know that there are things that you can use to make it easy, less grindy in order to progress through the story, but imo, that is the negative for me, as it breaks the balances to the point that, the RPG parts become boring, which will turn me off from continuing the story.It is not something likes the ""I am here for the story"" difficulty that you can find in several story centric JRPG tittles. That difficulty is tuned to balance the game so that, the RPG part is still interesting, but easy so that you steadily progress through the story, while, the harder difficulty is also available.I would love to have the option to REMOVE the RPG part while keeping the VN, and have some choices to choose that affect how the stories go, but that would be in my dream.Some tittles may benefits more from this combination, but not for Neptunia, imho.TL;DRGood VN, and more Nepu~Nepu~ experiences, but still a bad combination with grindy sandbox JRPG for PC title. Recommended getting at better discounted price if you are not the Nepu~Nepu~ Fans. If you are new to the series, you should try previous titles in the series, which is much cheaper, with similar gameplay first."
,Not Recommended,460120,24365164,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JADGEMENT,It's all right.
,Not Recommended,460120,24347671,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,MrDhieka,"when i am launch this game after downloading, this game was black screen and then stopped working -_-"
76561198052264187,Not Recommended,460120,24151883,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Shogun KA YO!,"-*fixed*- Shogun has always loved these games, but it seems Shogun can not play this game because Shoguns Xbox one controller seems to work fine untill Shogun trys to move up or down in the menu or item screen, Can not change weapons or do anything in Shoguns inventory......why nepnepu.Other reasons for Down vote.-Also Vert Voice has Changed- this is vertly bad.-Also Splunker is so bad and buggy Shogun hates it and has no fun in it.-bad optimization,controlls,bad flow of party such as not being able to play with the normal team and always having to switch from one character to another unable to stick with one set team through out the entire game and no Peashy.Shogun has fixed this problem but others remain."
76561198084505661,Not Recommended,460120,24197785,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,harri917,Can't change camera speed.Stuck with inverted camera.Can't turn on subtitles for Japanese voices during movie cutscenes.Why does this game fail at basic♥♥♥♥♥♥ Genuinely disappointed.
76561198273762335,Not Recommended,460120,28647189,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,the lonely slowpoke,game sucks
76561198084839342,Not Recommended,460120,24204076,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,♥QuishyTehQuish♥,"It's not Re;birth, and i'm sad"
76561198029849756,Not Recommended,460120,24224870,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,livin4light,"I bought this game because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews. Upon closer inspection, it seems the vast majority of those 300 positive reviews were fake/bought by the developer. If you read enough of them you will see the same few ideas repeated over and over again in a slightly different way. The story and dialogue are as long and time consuming as they are terrible (EXTREMELY). I played three hours and spent like 2 of those hours reading text. When you do get to play the combat offered no challenge whatsoever. The leveling gives no customization choices, simply get a new skill and stats boost. I could go on and on like this but try the game yourself and you will see how bad it is. Nevermind $32 on sale, I wouldn't play this game for free, and am requesting a refund. If my refund is denied, I will never play it again. DELETED. I especially find the use of fake positive reviews infuriating and feeling like my time was wasted and my money stolen."
,Recommended,460120,25220612,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dr_Fail,"A solid title for all those who praise Nep, but for newcomers, it's not a good entry point into the series.  You can tell that it tries, but this kind of series has way too many references to earlier entries for the 4th game to be anyone's first.  That's right, this is Neptunia ""V2"", not 7.  Because why not.Overall, it introduces some good things and some bad things:+More area variety (not many, but if you've been on the ride this long, it's a welcome addition)+Combo system redone to require actual thought (can't just set up ""powerpowerpower"" then ""rushrushrush"")+Skill use outside of combat+A small handful of cg cutscenes+Better overall quality+Nepgeardam hat for Nepgear-No more instant travel, including far, FAR too many world-map random battles that can't be turned off until ng+.  I had to fight normal dogoos twice on the way to the final dungeon.-tedious scout system in order to discover areas and hidden enemies-quest system ruined by the sheer amount of quests that depend on scouts finding the enemies beforehand-party members in the back don't get exp now.  I have 20 party members and only 4 front line spots, Iffy. Why.At the end of the day, it's more Nep."
76561198006247927,Recommended,460120,25179818,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Trigonometry,"So after quite a few hours playing MegaDimension..meh its okay I guess..well...{}{}Maybe once I gain all the cute characters I will take screen prints of them and save them alllll in a cute secret folder and staaaare~~ at them alll day long..=_= then I will look far and wide for Neptunia figures and nendorids and collect them all and have them in cute funny poses and form a tea party with them..***Vert can have all her warm Dajalin Tea, Neppsy can eat all her puddy puddins and Blanc can be sat on top of a mountain of books giving me the 'dont distract my reading' kyaahaa~~~  Then once I get bigger figures of them I will dress them in maido outfits and seifuku uniforms and they can be like 'noooo this is too embarrasing!' or 'd-does this look weird on me'  ~~~~Then lastly I will live alone with them and pretend to be married to them and we can have many CPU canidate kids and......-_-..... c-cough cough...well basically the game is so-so..so its not bad I guess....:3   dont tell anyone...neList of Pro's/Con's so far:+ The best Neptunia release in the series for many reasons as below+ More serious/upbeat OST along with the old ones+ More characters introduced+ More interaction with cities like investing etc+ Scouts work similar to Fairies from Fairy Fencer F+ Has that Next-Gen feel to it with wider areas with more detail+ Reworked, Redrawn characters during dialogue scenes+ Tweaked system from Fairy Fencer F+ Well matched voice actors+ New win, level-up-a-des poses+++ Tsunako. I want to marry her art- Old OST from previous games feels over used and shouldn't have been added- Some characters taken out like Plutia for e.g, should have been added as DLC character- Some areas can leave you feeling a little lost especially when in a rush to save- EXE bars fill too fast- No difficulty option- No 4K support (mod workaround)- Nepgya not worth as DLC character. I get the humor in it but should really be unlockable accessory for Nepgear"
76561198067810883,Recommended,460120,25243620,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Pale,I cannot play this game without checking the DLC's page and doing the math for how many meals i'll have to skip at college if i buy another one............... I already bought three and am on the verge of buying two more....
76561198138306529,Recommended,460120,24573567,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,CaptainNep,Nep/10
76561198115224818,Recommended,460120,24675039,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,StarChildDaisuke,"A follow up game for Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory, and Hyperdimension Neptunia rebirth V.  It's honestly really fun, and the story across all three in game dimensions is really gripping to where you don't want to put it down."
,Recommended,460120,24681267,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Penafi Klimaks,"Pros:-Uzume-Uni x Mecha-Double Nep-Musou Katharsis[♥♥♥♥ING IMPORTANT PROS]THAT YUI HORIE'S ""NEPGYAAAA!!!"" HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT THAT AUDIO FILECons:-no Pururut-no Iris Hearton a serious note: Devs need to fix the combo bonuses, some (very very) few trasnlation, a missing audio, and please... the Colosseum feels like it's meant for those with DLCs smfhAnyway, the plot is great for me and there's Orange Heart. Now just need both Orange Heart and Iris Heart in main Neptunia game"
76561198146522541,Recommended,460120,24682724,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,khermerker,each time i want write something about neptunia---only comes...this game is a neptunia you know what will have so if you like it buy it...now the important part....not appear plutia T.T... still well i will buy all neptunia games....unless they make something really wrong.
,Recommended,460120,25492333,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Brazzers,心次元的op真jb好听
76561198124182815,Recommended,460120,25158173,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ManemJef,"What can i say about this game?Like.....It's like 3 neptunia games in one.+You have the Zero Dimension,Hyperdimension G and then the Heart Dimension+The story is much more complicated and interesting than in previous neptunia games.+You have new features like route building and investements.+We have a scout option similar to Fairy Fencer F's fury option.+Battles are much faster and polished than before.+The PS4 graphics look sick+Next Forms+Grinding is much much easier+Overall the soundtrack is the same with some new tracks that i personally like very much.~Because the game is split in three alone the parts are kind of short about 15h maybe?~The new battle movement with the energy is kind of strange,not that bad though.~The giant battles feel very strange.-The random encounters through the map become boring and repetitve.I can't say many bad things about this game.(But you should know I'm kinda biased)"
,Recommended,460120,25569824,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Big Daddy Nemehardt,"Neptunia VII is a huge step up in quality compared to its previous titles. The new map system is more interactive and makes you more wary within the game. Some of the new challenges and functions within the game - collectable figurines and cards, hidden treasure challenges, Neplunker and investment - gives you a lot more stuff to do in New Game Plus. This recent addition to the series also brings about both new mechanics and obstacles that make the game more entertaining, and the newest cast members are incredibly entertaining.The only downsides to this game are the lack of unique CPU and Gold Third costumes (not including DLC) and the pesky Card Master achievement, not to mention that Uni still needs a less flimsy skirt I mean holy marbles she might as well be named Captain Underpants at this point. Someone give that kid some trousers, please."
,Recommended,460120,25574561,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Eleventh Goddess,"Alright this is a direct sequel to Hyperdimension Neptunia re;birth 3/Victory (a lot of people say otherwise but piecing together chirper events it's about the same time difference from Sisters Generation to Victory), about 4 years have passed since the events of the Ultradimension and they really wanted to enter the next-gen with a bang and they did a pretty damn good job doing it.To sum it up they've improved most things in the franchise, dungeons are more complex and not just copy & pasted, enemy variety is expanded a little bit, a beneficial combo system and revamped EXE system, a new development system and more interactions with the nations and a more in depth look at everyone involved in this story and this story has a serious tone to it while keeping the comedic charm and pulls it off really well.PROS+Great Soundtrack+Improved combat system+Greatly improved graphics and smoothed out animations+A much deeper story than the other games in the franchise+Pudding+A lot of character development with a lot of characters actually developing+The story keeps a good pace+First playthrough, not using DLC puts this on par with Neptunia 1's difficulty+Sound effects aren't nearly as loud as the previous games+New 'Break' system in combat+The True EndingCONS-No playable Ploot or P-ko (Plutia and Peashy)-The human cast does not return sadly. So no M#GES, 5pb., Cave, Brocolli, Falcom(s), RED, CyberConnect2 etc. (Compa and IF do return though along with a smaller, but newer DLC human set)-I get a weird loud popping sound every once in a great while-Uni attracts weird men-Minor graphical glitches sometimes-Minor grammar errors every once in a great while (Like God Eater Chan's spell healing 30 and not '30%')--If you bought all the DLC for whatever reason when your cast rejoins you at various points in the story they are automatically equipped with the broken DLC gear (but in NG+ if you keep everyone it does not auto-gear anyone anymore)NEUTRAL (Some things I like and disliked but didn't fit in pros and cons)/Investment system is difficult the first time through, Millionep even only goes so far/Development feels kind of weird especially since it's not based on the MB system anymore/Scouts are something to get used to/Share system/EXP is not shared across the party anymore making it easier to learn about chaarcters from the ground up but at the same time you can't throw them into any battle you wish if their underleveled/Monster ambushes are quiet/Map battle encounters and safe zones"
76561198158631918,Recommended,460120,24634641,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,KSO WARRIOR,The best neptunia series so far.The storyline is good af. new waifu new animation10/10 would nep again
76561198046351875,Recommended,460120,24645337,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sosida,"Amazing, best in the series."
76561197989589989,Recommended,460120,24642391,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Zacharoni,My favorite Neptune game to date. Has twice the Neps!
76561198088737086,Recommended,460120,24550301,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Pewyr,"Favorite RPG series of all time, and this game may be the best of the series."
,Recommended,460120,24548619,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ta'vyr,"Full disclosure, I've 100% the PS4 version, but haven't played the PC port.Aside from some annoying rebalancing of damage, and the gigantic nerf to EXE Drive abilities (which, to be fair they'd be even more OP with how fast the gauge charges and the flag item that grants the never-draining EXE Drive Gauge in NG+), the combat in this game is far superior to the other mainline Neptunia games. Gone are the days of spaming Mega-D Drive and Near Canopus, and in are varied combos and unique strings of attacks. The back line also becomes more useful as using the Switch command no longer counts as an end action, which lets you reach enemies from further away or immediately get access to a more useful character without having to waste a turn. My only other gripe is that Processors got nerfed to the point of pretty much being cosmetic once you get to higher levels.So what's good about VII? Pretty much everything else. The story is fresh and interesting, with twists and turns that'll keep you playing until the end, and then make you go back because you REALLY want the True End."
76561198268234988,Recommended,460120,24560751,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Toshinou,"RB3 might be a little better, plot wiseBut it's still, a Nep/10 title."
76561198198878947,Recommended,460120,25646070,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,cowteats,They actually made new maps and monsters for this game. Although there are still rehashes
,Recommended,460120,25700348,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kb_z,"Another great installment in the Neptunia series.Pros:- Great graphic improvements since the previous title (R;B3:V Generation)- Great story (if you like 4th walls broken every second line of text)- There's actual plot!- Great voice acting, as usual!- Great humor (if you get the references)- The HDD transformation sequences have been reworked and look pretty nice.- Most skills have custom animations too.- Umio.- New levels, new enemies.Cons:- The game is one patch behind the official release, meaning some features or game 'improvements' may be missing.- I purchased all the DLC only to find out that there's no real leveling/character progression past level 200-ish so most of the Colloseum battles will remain untouched. The only way to level up past 200 is killing the same enemy over and over again over 3000 times. Given the inventory limitations for enemy-respawning items this would mean a couple hundred of hours just to get to 999.Complaints:- The damage output of EXE Drives is pathetically low, compared to other Neptunia games. They deal less damage than a normal attack combo or a standard magic attack.- Combo EXP bonus is lower (because the game is a patch behind) for large combos, which means grinding experience takes effectively twice as much time. (For instance: You do a 200 combo hit and that should net you a 100% bonus EXP, but it currently tops at 8%)TL;DR:- If you're a fan of the series and don't mind the drawbacks noted in the complaints section, this game is a must have. Hopefully it'll get patched one day, allowing for an end-game leveling progression which doesn't rely on a single enemy for grinding.As a fan of the franchise and Tsunako's artwork, I can recommend this game (without the DLC). Try nabbing it during a sale!"
,Recommended,460120,27157598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hisuki,11/10 Best Nep game in the series.
,Recommended,460120,27134464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,darkbochi,more ps4 ports please
,Recommended,460120,27015352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erina,"Moar nep, moar fun 10/10"
,Recommended,460120,27335804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,riquesaccaro,Nep/10f u steam awards
76561198044114614,Recommended,460120,27256965,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sodado,"Best neptunia ever , it has charm and improves a lot of things ."
,Recommended,460120,27237551,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xthesufferingx,Still have the best plot
,Recommended,460120,27235203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,saywhatusay,Nepu Nepu Nepu
,Recommended,460120,27124279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I need a herb,good
76561198225042056,Recommended,460120,26625713,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,wolveseye,"Love the game, plus Neps for life... :P"
,Recommended,460120,24781374,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Myrault's Hinder-Gast,"Just played the start and surprisingly found plenty of new stuffs, new system. On top of it, a bloody graphic enhancement! Works perfectly on my laptop.Nep/10 thumbs up.P.S. The soundtrack's amazingly good. IMO its far better than previous. My personally favourite is MEGADIMENSION NEPTUNIA VII -MAIN THEME."
76561198097695747,Recommended,460120,25501033,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ExiaBurst,Top Nep Version 4.0
,Recommended,460120,27014898,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jarmen Kell,"My favorite game of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series! Despite my lack of hours of played, I've enjoyed my time playing it!.It still keeps the humor from the series, the characters are great, the story is also good, there are new enemies and the music is awesome! ^_^There are still things that I see that are reused like the enemies or some songs but I've grown used to it and I'd say its fine. They can reuse things from the series as long as they add new things!"
,Recommended,460120,27012357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NEO-JOKER,best neptunia ever
,Recommended,460120,27011374,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Akula,We're all NEPPERS now 10/10
,Recommended,460120,27010389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gale-kun,"There's a lot of game references as usual in any Neptunia game. Probably why I love this game is because my waifu Noire/Black Heart and the fact thatS-Sha has ""Cloud's Omnislash Ver. 5"" well it's called ""Omnislice Ver. S"" since I grew up playing Final Fantasy 7"
,Recommended,460120,27010644,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ellemiere,"yes, just yes."
,Recommended,460120,26904027,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShadowWolfPrime,Great and fun game.
,Recommended,460120,26960997,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kamengoldo,nep intensifies desu
,Recommended,460120,26997262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zepheric,"just finished the first arc, was suprised that the enemies were somewhat difficult at the 2nd/3rd dungeon, good going game, now to grind levels so I never feel like that again."
,Recommended,460120,26830269,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tuxedo,I'll do everything to see the walking spoiler again.
,Recommended,460120,26789094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tendou Karen,Amazing SoundtrackUni the Waifu Material
,Recommended,460120,26819652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,king salmon,topnep/10
,Recommended,460120,26804468,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlbionST,"The best Neptunia game released so far, everything in this game is better than in the others!"
,Recommended,460120,26953197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Selene,"The best mainline Neptunia game, with even more CGIs! And even more waifu consoles! And it even has gameplay for once! K-Sha/10, if you are remotely interested in the concept of Nep, this is a must buy. You won't regret it!"
76561198027565920,Recommended,460120,28014297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,StormX,"Easily the best Neptunia game, though it only truly shines (story-wise) if you've played the previous ones. Many of the jokes, gags and developments are dependant on having played Neptunia Re;birth 2 and 3, though I'd wager a lot of it can be understood without all THAT much previous background information. Still, a heap of fan-service-y fun."
76561198044956468,Recommended,460120,28074319,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Neptune,Currently best neptune game with best soundtrack and great story
76561198000841849,Recommended,460120,28119641,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Miqunator,"Neptunia is an easy to swallow JRPG series and VII adds to the formula without alienating fans of the previous titlesGood:-Improvements all-around (Battle, Graphics, Sound)-Double Neptune for even more meta commentsBad:-Some balance issues (Huge variation in character usefulness)-Neplunker and Neplunker Zero (Bad game design all around, second one is especially infuriating)"
,Recommended,460120,28032076,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Get Popped,Game is very enjoyable once you've accepted your fate as weeaboo trash.
,Recommended,460120,28020253,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shuwaruvi,"Simple, because of Nep-Nep, i buy this game.This game is good for your soul, it will makes ur soul happy XDI will share a quote from internet.""Even Happiness Can Kill You""."
76561198013161568,Recommended,460120,28054741,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Railgun,"The best Neptunia game actually on Steam.Instantly reach Top Nep status.Everything that you like about the Neptunia series is done better, be it the gameplay, the story or the OST.A must have for all Nep Nep fans."
,Recommended,460120,27998278,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Broonsbane,"Any single part of this game might not be the absolute best that any RPG has ever done, but the combined product of all the parts of this game work incredibly well."
,Recommended,460120,27998517,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,𝓕𝓸𝔁𝔂 >^.^<,"I love playing Neptunia games and this one has definitely become one of my favorite. I had an outdated Graphics card and upgraded solely to play this one game. Now that I have, I am completely blown away by how much fun I have just by watching everything move.I love games that require a good grind and this one really does for me. 10/10 RPG for me."
,Recommended,460120,28044133,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,O_Rock,Top NEP
,Recommended,460120,24485361,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kato,Best of the series so far.
,Recommended,460120,25083971,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Andrack,"I was in the middle of writing a good review, but then I decided to do this instead:What did the doctor recommend for old lady Noire after she complained about arthritis pains in her lower extremities?An *UNI*compartmental knee arthroplasty.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Lady Iris Heart isn't in this game but overall, its better than the last 3 games."
76561197995824575,Recommended,460120,25173741,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lysere,"I've you've even partially enjoyed any of the previous Neptunia games then you need to play this one.The story is their best yet, the music is better than ever, Formation and Coupling skills now actually feel like a part of the game rather than simply tacked on, and the DLC characters actually feel like a part of the world.Add to that several story elements that are either rare in this series if not straight up unheard of and you've got a recipe for a solid experience all around.The main story has many twists and turns that I simply did not see coming as well as several moments that reminded me why I keep playing these games time and again.One thing that I really loved is that after your first run through you get items to make it much faster to get back to the parts you want to play through again without getting stuck with all the drudge work of the first run through.The music, as I said before, is better than ever. Getting to a serious moment and having the perfect music kick in with flawless timing makes those great moments feel even cooler. Add in the ability to rewatch literally any scene you've seen allows for easier access to those great moments without having to trudge through an entire nother run just to see it.Seriously, play this game. If you're here reading this then you will probably enjoy it."
,Recommended,460120,25124824,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Saber,"The only thing that could possibly make this game better is if it had Plutia, so I can see everyone beingabusedtreated very nicely.Actually though, combat in Victory II requires a little bit more strategy than in Re;Birth with the revamped combo system, and EXE Drive isn't a press to win command anymore. The game isn't particularly challenging, but that said it does take time to 100% like in the other Neptunia games.The character writing--though chock full of meta-references, memes, and slapstick comedy as usual--isn't as obnoxious as it was in Re;Birth, which keeps the game just as entertaining without being equally annoying.The HDD and NEXT Form battle themes as well as the new openings for each of the three parts in the ""trilogy"" are really, REALLY good. The BGM is fun to listen to.If you were to get into this series, Megadimension is the place to start. Best product this franchise has produced thus far. Let's see how Se-Ha Girls goes though!"
,Recommended,460120,27941996,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Yatta!,"The best Neptunia game to date. The story was good, the characters were great, and the new combo system was very refreshing.My only gripe is the way weapons interact with the combo system is a bit unbalanced.Also the trading card achievement. ♥♥♥♥ that achievement."
,Recommended,460120,27943945,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zero,Amazing story plot and graphics~!Recommended if you love kawaii characters
76561198105220747,Recommended,460120,27958108,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SuperWokGuy,good game ^__^
76561198202960206,Recommended,460120,28173813,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Orange juice,"Kampret, gue gak bisa berhenti main"
76561198278342260,Recommended,460120,28181125,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Patchu,Hands down greatest Nep ever Dogoo Man 11/10
,Recommended,460120,27407710,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Magus of Plants,it's good
76561198073088368,Recommended,460120,28318430,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The Silent One,"I just finished this game a few minutes ago (pushing over 40 hours of gameplay) and here is what I think of this gamePros- Like the other games in the series, this game has an awesome storyline that makes you keep playing to find out what is going to happen next- The Dark CPU fights- There are some grinding parts, but once you get access to the Colosseum you have your leveling spot to level up your party membersCons:- One of the issues that I had with this game is with the Rank Quests, to rank up you have to find a particular monster or dungeon in the area and you have to send your scouts out. Sometimes you can get the area or monster to show up in 30 minutes and sometimes it takes 3 days just for the monster or area to show upEven though that's the only Con that I have for this game, I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a good, solid RPG. I also did get the Ascension ending and after a while I'll try to pick this game up once again to see if I can get the True ending."
76561198026846672,Recommended,460120,28111185,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Spark the RPG magnet,"This game got good reviews and good sales, so I thought I'd try it out.It's a hilarious game which is basically Console Wars The Anime The Game.Let's start with the cons:-No sexy dudes-Fanservice is a bit much-No option to remove boob jiggle-Felt too easy for the first few hoursPros:-Animations are really good-Combos/coupling/combat is well thought out and very complex-Cool armor skins that make me feel fabul--- I mean powerful...-scout system that allows you to discover new dungeons/items/enemies etc.-No option to remove boob jiggle-Story is actually pretty good-Characters are fun and varied in personalities-English voice acting doesn't make me want to kill myself"
,Recommended,460120,28888008,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Exilon,"Storyline dungeons can be get a bit repetitive, but I guess the budget doesn't really allow for it.Game gets too easy once you have a full party with healing and SP regeneration. Early game ends up being a potion chug fest, which isn't all bad.Works great with an XBOX controller.Overall good game with a decent story and creative presentation of the 3 arcs."
,Recommended,460120,27895949,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,A Link to the Bathroom,"Came for waifus, stayed for the story.I have no regrets."
,Recommended,460120,27312268,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dallas5,Pros:- Nep Nep- Uzume- Adult Nep Nep- Great story- Amazing sountrack- Nep Nep- Sweet graphicsCons:- No Plutia- Not enough Nep Nep10/10 would Nep Nep again
76561198013411127,Recommended,460120,26871119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,100%mendoJuice(´・◡・｀),Nep Nep
,Recommended,460120,27266855,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Michi,"If you like comedy, cute girls, videogames, memes, and 4th wall breaking you'll love the Neptunia series!This game, Victory 2, is the latest installment in the franchise and is the most refined.HOWEVER, if you LOVE EGGPLANTS this game is not for you...."
,Recommended,460120,27418503,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EmeraldDerp,im playing for the story i swear
76561198102369860,Recommended,460120,28753369,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,clackers,Struggled to get any kind of controller input to work but after hours of trawling the internet I got it working!Will update once i've finished :)
,Recommended,460120,27467242,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deedub ッ,Probably the best Nep I have ever Nepped. Not only is there one Nepu Nepu but two Nepu Nepus. The only think that could make this game better would be a 3rd Nepu Nepu10/10 Would Nep Again
,Recommended,460120,31591527,Posted: 6 May,all,Tennouboshi Uzume,"If you are a fan of the Hyperdimension series, this is a must have. This is the best game in the series in my opinion. The game basically has 3 different games put together into one. Each part has its own story, last boss, and credits.Pros:Gameplay is very long(40-45hours)Better and more fun gameplay mechanicsSo much more playable characters(Later in the game)Cons:Does not feel like a sequel to VictoryScore:9/10"
,Recommended,460120,31783272,Posted: 16 May,all,Sleep iz 4 da week!,"Slightly sad that some of the classic makers don't make a reappearance, especially me waifu MAGES..However, the new -Sha girls are cool, the dlc characters are cool (except nitroplus imo, but even I can't denie her insanely powerful debuffs. Milly though is way cool) and all the classic cpu's, their sisters, and the 2 og makers IF and Compa are all here.If your a fan of the Neptunia series, this is still a solid game. If your new, I'd recomend Re;birth 1 or 2 just to make the rest of the games a bit more enjoyable. If there is anything I've learned from the Neptunia series, it's that doing some basic research makes the funny references even more enjoyable. It's how I found my favorate anime after all, I researched the background of me waifu MAGES. and found Stiens; Gate."
,Recommended,460120,32001842,Posted: 27 May,all,Dreampuff,"A fun, cute, and silly jrpg about video games. Good stuff!"
,Recommended,460120,29144608,Posted: 9 January,all,✬ Mr Ravagen ✬,"Yeah.... We all know that this game is clearly the best Neptunia game of all time....If possible Could we get 2nd season for the Anime ? Story would be this Megadimension :3+ Game is a lot smoother+ Cool new characters & DLC's+ All DLC's are great, but I did not buy 2 weapon packs since I don't need them.+ Huge game, which = Extra work put in the story, Thank you!- Scouts returning should be fixed, at least take the stupid sound off if possible- Overworld (move around the map) Too many enemies on the road where ever you go. If possible, could we get a skip enemies button when moving around the map? No need to skip the trip when you go to places (example: from Planeptune to Lastation/Lowee)- I feel like you should add more wallpapers in the DLC Deluxe pack.- When you create a new DLC person, could we get a cool weapon for her too? You can make it DLC if you really need that 1 $/€/£.. I would really love to see new weapon while using Million Arthur, God Eater & Nitroplus :3Btw where is swimsuits for some people? like Nepgear in that Swimsuit DLC? If you make School outfit for all characters, I'd buy it :)I gave a equal review for this game :)"
,Recommended,460120,28890368,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NepMizu,"BEST! BEST! BEST NEP NEP SERIES! RECOMENDED WHO LOVE NEPTUNIA SERIES <3I really love the graphic and new battle system <3 , The story is awesome too. The jokes still same tho, and i think this series is add more serious scene than otherMore character and combo, the dlc character is good too. Love God eater-chan :3Negative is.... maybe the dungeon? well better than other neptunia series that used same dungeon, this game have more dungeonWelp, i hope that they add more spesific bad end (?) (why not? xP)"
76561198032583154,Recommended,460120,28940845,Posted: 2 January,all,Onizuka Eikichi,"If you liked the first 3 Neptunia games but are kinda tired of seeing the same old formula, models and maps applied to each iteration, do not despair!This sequel is exactly the breath of fresh air the series needed imo: Awesome new graphics and UI, a lot of changes to combat mechanics and other systems, great new characters and (for me) most important of all - tons of new enemies and maps!.Recommend this to anyone who likes the series and is looking for another great game in the series that actually takes some risks and makes some changes!"
,Recommended,460120,29136114,Posted: 8 January,all,Kevinzzz 123,"probably the best nep games i ever played 10/10. the game system is more balance than previous nep games. except for the dlc, they're toooooo overpowered(sorry if bad english). waiting for goddesses online release on steam........................ still waiting"
,Recommended,460120,29153000,Posted: 9 January,all,demonfax04 killer keemstar,its a good game fan service when its good it can be very funny during the serious moments and then theres the sad moments here and there but the fanservice is good thoe :3
,Recommended,460120,27135540,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zelgadis85,"First off, I must say I was impressed on the speed, and the quality, of the port from PS4 to PC. Megadimension Neptunia VII released in Japan last summer (2015), and international PS4 release was on the first quarter of 2016. The PC version was released in Q3 2016. Unlike some unluckier ones, I had zero problems with the game from the beginning. And boy, was I impressed how much the series has grown. While the cast has been reduced quite a bit, the new additions of Uzume Tennouboshi / Orange Heart and the four Gold Third are a welcome addition. The game runs super smooth, even with my medium-specced rig (AMD FX-4100, GeForce GTX 960 4GB, 8GB DDR3) and it looks very nice (as would be expected from PS3 / PSVita to PS4 change). The soundtrack from the deluxe pack is also a welcome addition (these deluxe packs have been released for other games too, since then) but it does not contain every song found in the game (figures, as some songs are reused from earlier games).The story is divided into three arcs, almost episodic like an television series. The premise is nothing you haven't already seen in these games; end up in a weird place, befriend some new people by fighting them and then save the world while searching for a way back home. It's cliché, but it works in games like this.Around midway through the story the CPUs gain a massive power upgrade (Next Form). It trivializes some of the content afterwards. Overall, the difficulty seems to lean towards easy for most of the game, save for a few fights that might throw you off until you learn to prepare for them.Overall, the game is a wonderful addition to the Neptunia series. The music is superb, animations smooth, game mechanics refined and the story, while not deep, manages to keep you interested on what is happening next.Pros and Cons list:+Beautiful graphics compared to other titles in the series+Beautiful music+Next Form, accompanied with full transformation videos and over-the-top attacks. And the music. ABSOLUTEly the best track in the game :)+Uzume and the Gold Third+Umio!!+Same good Neptunia you all love. More of it and refined to the max.+Neplurker (Depending on your gaming skills and patience, might become a negative point)-Scout system-Hidden Treasures-Lack of many characters from the earlier series such as Falcon, 5pb. and MAGES.Overall a very solid game, and a good entry point to the series if you haven't played them before. Just beware that the earlier games aren't as pretty and refined as this.9.5 / 10"
76561198039330239,Recommended,460120,31933025,Posted: 24 May,all,Black (MinDog),Great game. like the combat in it
76561198075466721,Recommended,460120,32442250,Posted: 15 June,all,Jean,Perfect Score 100% - For a perfect Game! The Best in the Series so far!
76561198269830395,Recommended,460120,32279704,Posted: 8 June,all,senpai,"this game is great played it for hours on end (offline) got all my data deleted, but it was still a blast replaying it from the beginning."
76561198018920874,Recommended,460120,32780374,Posted: 25 June,all,Buten,"Not much to say.It's te best example of the Neptunia JRPG series to date, but for some reason it's not avalible in Japanese.I'm studying Japanese myself. I've also seen Japanese customers on this and other product review sections complaining about the lack of a Japanese language option for games that were clearly made in Japan.I distinctly recall seeing screenshots of the game in Japanese as well, so I don't understand why the option isn't there when I open up the game's properties menu.Am I just an idiot looking in the wrong place?Is this a regional thing?One way or the other, I think it would make a lot of people happy if the game's Japanese text was made avalible to everyone."
,Recommended,460120,32809858,Posted: 26 June,all,Dustbag,Just as brilliant as the Hyperdimension Neptunia games before it!
,Recommended,460120,25601006,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,prtycruz,histoire toistaa itteään =o+　　　+∧＿∧ 　+（0ﾟ・∀・）+.　　　（0ﾟ∪ ∪ +/ヽと＿_）__）_/ヽ　　　+（0ﾞ 　　・ 　 ∀　・ ）（0ﾞ 　 　 ∪　 　 ∪　　　　　+/ヽと＿＿＿＿）＿＿_）_/ヽ　　　+ 　　+（ 0ﾞ 　　　　・ 　 　∀　　　・ 　）（ 0ﾞ 　 　 ∪　　 ∪　　　　　+と＿＿＿＿＿＿_）＿＿＿＿_）
76561198138028228,Recommended,460120,33141755,Posted: 2 July,all,Orange Heart,great game. I really recommend if you like games like this.
,Recommended,460120,33209386,Posted: 3 July,all,BEPIS,This is an amazing game! I highly recommend this for any JRPG fan.
,Recommended,460120,33700283,Posted: 21 July,all,Takamachi Vivio,nice game
,Recommended,460120,33506461,Posted: 13 July,all,Tale,Has a good story and your average anime traits/artwork11/10 will nep again
76561198155616973,Recommended,460120,33612654,Posted: 17 July,all,Craziiterg,"Megadimension neptunia V2 is a large open world game that has a main story line throughout 3 chapters. you can change your weapons, clothes, have custom combo attacks and formation attacks. This game is for people who like anime and who doesnt seem shamfull for likeing an all female game. (ps. theres only one male and thats a fish)"
,Recommended,460120,33672873,Posted: 20 July,all,NANI !?!?,NICE ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198034980025,Recommended,460120,33755953,Posted: 23 July,all,♛.:メロンパン:.♛,"Hello,I've finished the game recently, got all the achievments and decided to write a review.StorySexual jokes, fan service, predictable.This is the canon story of the series. Similar to the rest, it also has dimension traveling. I'm sure you all are used to this. Anyhow, you get to meet a new character in a different dimension calling for help. As the main protagonist of protagonists, Neptune somehow happened just to be there. And the story sets off from there with problems related in between dimensions. It's quite long since there are like three stories within this game so be sure to save a lot. I recommend just to play through without guides first and get through the story at your own pace. If you want to get all the achievments, you need two playthroughs anyways. Besure to watch most of the events as you can and not get the bad end. (you don't get anything for bad end, just wasting your time). Youtube has it if you wanna know later.Translations are as bad as always. If you watch anime a lot you just kinda know what they mean.SoundRepetitive, but very well made.Some soundtracks are reused from the Re;Birth series like when they are about to transform, or something bad happened, or when they regained spirit. It does get repetitive as the time goes on. The new EXE soundtrack is quite nice, very different from the rest. It gives you a goosebump feeling with a certain EXE drive(ultimate skill). However the transition of them are not smooth, meaning they ended very abruptly instead of fading away, kinda kills the mood. But as you reach the end part of the game, you kinda skip all the attack animations so I'm guessing it doesn't not matter that much. But it will sure bugs you. My personal favorite aside from the EXE track (drive away) is Mousou Karthasis. It really does makes you want not to mess up the true ending.Boss battle theme is very nice too. I'm sure you can feel the tension.GameplayTedious, not innovative, lacks complexity.Equipment+combatIf this is your first time with Nep series then you may be ok. But for me who have played the Re;Birth series, I got bored really fast because it's the same stuff. The combo building is a nice addition but it's very linear. If you build combo correctly with the right traits then you can do crits damage. Different weapons have different combo slots making it very difficult to get the right combo traits to fit in every slot. Characters only have a specific amount of skills you can use and you cannot reuse the same skill, one skill one slot. Everytime the characters switch back and forth, you gotta change their equipments again. ¯\_ಠ_ಠ_/¯Normal combos do more damage than an ultimate skill. (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ . Unheard of, feels bad when I watch a 20 second animation for an attack and it does 1/4 of normal attacks on one turn. Even, if you have unlimited EXE drive (energy needed to perform an ultimate), normal hit does more. Most bosses in colosseum are prone to elemental attacks. Elemental attacks are very very limited between characters. But hey Million Arthur DLC character has all the elements making her the most versatille character in the game. I see what you did there IF. Seriously, who did the balancing on this crap?There is absolutely no reason to craft weapons or use any of the equipment in game since most would use the DLC equipments anyways making it very very unrewarding. Even if you tried very hard to get a weapon you want, the stats are so crap that it's very discouraging; this goes as well for the Processors set (transformation armor). Only craft for the achievment. Drop rate/mob spawn rate is a pain so please feel free to use use a trainer.Lily ranking (affection between characters), really unnecessary. 10 levels total. One character needs to get level 10 with all the characters for an achivement. Level 10 buffs are whatever since you'd finished the game by that point. Refer to guides how to get it. Though, you'd have to battle enemies 1000+ for an achivement too so it just comes naturally haha.DungeonsYou get to break boxes in the dungeons (again for achievment purposes), items are not neccsary to progress characters. To be able to break all the breakable items, you need a level 2 breaker which you get after you complete the worst hit detection dungeon after dodging, jumping, tilting, hell, I even threw my controller and took a break after I died so many times over no absolute reason and that death music makes me so salty. There are safe spots, and absolute death spots even though it look safe to you. Watch youtube if you're stuck on this dungeon (Neplunker). Boxes blocks certain path making you walk all around the map to progess further. Seriously, I probably spend my time walking more than doing actually battles.Recycles dungeons everywhere. Like 7 unique dungeons total? The rest is change of monsters and change of color. Heck the music for them is the same. The dungeons are designed so that they make you walk the longest distance to get to the end point. It became so predictable that I managed to make a single trip towards the exit with an unexplored minimap without retracing. Oh the dungeon(s) towards the end game are like a lazy side on the game designers, you'll see what I mean. Plus, there's a dungeon where there's no data on the mini-map. I had to go through it three times to the end level for the achievment... Luckily guides are available.There is scouting system where you send npcs to explore and gather info (additional enemies+clue for hidden treasures+'new' recycled dungeon). Yes, gotta get them all for the achivement ""Treasure hunter"" got all the hidden treasures in the game. You can level up scouts with materials that are very rare to find. Can get in colosseum battles. Some clue for hidden treasures including ""Defeat all deployed enemies"" (wtf...), remember the no mini-map dungeon? Yeah, twice on that. Also making consecutive symbol attacks 12 times without enemies notice you aka strike them first. You can easily do this by escaping battle and do it again. However, all the accumulative attack times resets if you miss an attack even though enemies do not notice you, so don't miss. It's really stupid... Who coded this? The rewards from the hidden treasures are very dissapointing as well. ヾ(*｀Д´*)ﾉ""Random battle encounters+Random battle encounters: feels like pokemon all over again except it's not pokemonFinal ThoughtsI can only recommend because I am a fan so this review is biased. I really like the new main character, it gives a fresh taste compare the the Re;Birth series. I do wish this game to get animate at some point in the future. The writing is well pace. I laughed at some point, teared up sometimes, and got goosebumps when the music hits. Overall, it was a very enjoyable experience for me within the first playthrough. The DLC characters are also very unique in terms of personalities; finally Vert has an accomplice. Game also stutters as well as having rendering issues so make sure your graphic drivers are good. Refund if not playable.If you play for all achievments, you really need a macro and a trainer since two are RNG based. Abusing save is somewhat cheating anyways so just break your own gaming morality like I did because I was sitting there 1/2 hr opening a single item over at a rate of 2.5/sec and not get it. Achievments hunting in this game or the series even is time consuming not really skill based so I'm some what disappointed. Combat could have been better. Too grindy to be fun. No replay value in that.7/10 C+ waiting for 4 Godesses OnlineThanks for reading, Hope it helps.P.S. Do get DLC since they make your life easier."
,Recommended,460120,33714113,Posted: 21 July,all,Okita-san daishouri~!,Buy the Deluxe Version. More Neps
,Recommended,460120,33748696,Posted: 23 July,all,Suizo,Great Nep game with a lot of Nepness to you NepNeps out there!So far the best game I have played from the game studio.! Godeater is a bae !! -- Get the DLC --  !
,Recommended,460120,33747269,Posted: 23 July,all,ThiccBizon,10/10 No words needed.
,Recommended,460120,33739748,Posted: 23 July,all,Dzui,THE BEST RPG MMO GAME YES MAN
76561198102082367,Recommended,460120,33799980,Posted: 25 July,all,ArcKnight,"If you are already a fan of the series, then you should definitely pick up this addition. It's the best one yet!If you are new to the series, there is no better time to start. It's the best one yet!I had to play through the game twice just to get the True Ending. I wouldn't normally feel compelled to do something like that but I just couldn't leave it like that!The PC port has some asset streaming issues, but fortunately in a game like this it doesn't really affect gameplay. It is a bit annoying, though. It does run pretty well for the most part.For a much longer review:http://akmediablog.blogspot.com/2017/07/megadimension-neptunia-vii-game-review.html"
76561198090937744,Recommended,460120,34042633,Posted: 5 August,all,=FT= Natsu,"LightheartedSmut-freeGrind-free but availableEpic track by Nubuo's bandThis game is strong in most content and weak in game, so bear with me. You'll like the characters and their comments and banter. The setting is over-the-top and many anime gags are reused in fairly good taste. I'm on day 3 of headbanging to an extended remix of one track. Like many games I enjoy, I found myself wanting more story and character interaction. There aren't many types of monsters either.I can't fault a game for being like a console RPG, but I can fault many console RPGs for being power-creep-driven grindfests that lack genuine challenges or choice in party ability/class makeup which would keep our attention. Game-wise there's not much challenge. But this is the sort of game you play to enjoy the characters anyway. And since it did a good job of that, I would recommend anyone play it from start to end."
,Recommended,460120,34361426,Posted: 19 August,all,楪,"well its a neptune game, u will either love it or hate it"
,Recommended,460120,29221109,Posted: 13 January,all,Purri-?,"Honestly, this is the first game I played in the Hyperdimension series, and I actually enjoyed it!Voice actors, event CGs, and some other nitbits up to it's core gameplay, the game is well constructed and stands out from other JRPGs. The only thing that surprises me are those beef-ish system requirements to get the game running at it's best graphical fidelity considering the fact that the game is comprised mainly of cartoonish 3d worlds, models, and effects, but it shouldn't bother you too much because you the only thing you sacrifice by tuning down those video settings are battle effects, which are probably one of Neptunia's distinctive eyecandies from other JRPGs apart from their funny, memorable and relatable characters.The gameplay itself is good for an RPG as a whole. Exploring dungeons can be fun, some are rediculously huge, some can be quite confusing to cruise around, and some are just plain awesome! Battles are turn-based, but they do have movement during those turns which can be used to strategically carry out combos and plays.  Tons of cute outfits and weapons for all characters are available (Look at kawaii little neppy -w-) with varying statistical advantages, crafting, and even investments! There are so much to list that I'm sure you'll really want to figure out for yourself at this point if you're truly interested in the game.I think the true selling point of this game are its characters and artwork. I mean these each of the four CPU's (Neptune, Noire, Vert, and Blanc) are memorable, cute, funny,  Each 4 vary so much that many people take to liking one of them and possibly not so liking the other, but it all comes down to preference. The artworks are all well drawn, evident in the game's lively, colorful environment and CG gallery. The voice actors all did a great job of doing voice overs for each characters, too! It really helps bring out the unique flavor of each character in the game...I'd recommend it, no doubt. Casual player or not, this game offers everything you can ask for in a traditional RPG game. Great story, well-done graphics, and memorable characters."
,Recommended,460120,35193035,Posted: 24 September,all,Sirius,"I am glad that it seems like with every installment the series keeps getting better. This time, it was a really nice eulogy for Sega as a console maker and the Dreamcast specifically.The game uses the usual fighting system and adds a few things on top (Next forms, parts breaking, combat traits) without being too loaded. Outside battle, you still have a lot to do in the cities, shops, with the scouts, the dungeons and the world map. The story is slightly better this time around, the humour also seems to be improved. I really liked the OST, although they reused many tracks. The Japanese voice acting is excellent. Graphics are fine, too - nothing too fancy, but solid for this kind of colorful JRPG.On the downside, the itemization pacing seems a bit off. You lose access to the investment option for a good amount of your game, but it is vital for improvements and even a key item. A rand around a lot with the same weapons and processors to suddenly drowns in dozens of new ones when the game opened up again. Accessories and clothes still don't have stats (for a few exceptions). But this is just a small criticism here.All in all, I enjoyed playing this game a lot. Probably even more than any of the predecessors. If you like round-based JRPGs, meta humour (especially regarding videogames, character stereotypes and storytelling) and can stand the occasional fan service (nothing too revealing, they also poke fun at themselves for that, too), this might be you game. If you didn't like the series before, however, this game probably won't change that."
,Recommended,460120,35387664,Posted: 1 October,all,Icy Wings,What should I say about this game?Pros: Has cute girlsThey represent consolesON PC >:VIt's a RPGNice Story lineMultiple EndingsVERY FLASHY special movesCons: The combat system is just a tad repetitive
,Recommended,460120,24612996,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sentinei-Luna,"I have to say that this game is good for what it is. This is the first time I have played a game like this before. I have never played the neptunia franchise before, just saw it on my steam recommended list on sale and I decided to give it a try as I was really bored. Boy was I really surprised in a good and bad way.Summary for those who do not want to read my wall of text:Optimization:4/10(I run the game maxed out with DOF and AA turned off at 1080p, It runs ok for my nvidia card which is a 950m (mostly 60fps, lowest 30 fps), but for my amd card which is a R9 290 to drop frames below 30 is just bad. The R9 290 is way more powerful than the 950m, this is unacceptable. Maybe it is the cpu as I have an fx 6300 for my R9 290 but an i7 6700HQ for the 950m. Or it could just be the SSD in my 950m laptop compared to my slow♥♥♥♥♥HDD in my R9 290 pc. Idk which hardware is causing frame drops the most on my pc hardware but I assume this game has bad optimization for amd cards and maybe even cpus as the cpu they list on the recommended specs does not even has its model number listed and there are no amd cards listed.3D Graphics: 5/10(Passable, low quality textures, asset and polygon count, atrocious AA, good quality character models, nice looking enviroment)3D Animation/Physics: 2/10(Some really odd animations and the physics is just well, pretty flat. The physics in the game feels very dated)2D Graphics: 10/10(Just wow)2D Animation: 9/10(Nice breathing, mouth and eye animations, the intros/outros are very well made)Soundtrack: 9/10(minus 1 for a few poorly mastered tracks)Plot/Story: 7/10(I mostly enjoyed it, slightly overwhelming and kinda cliche and redundant plots at the start. Managed to predict quite a few times what will happen next quite well in the first arc. It took about 40-50 hours for a noob like me with hax)Girls: 7/10(All of them are fairly unique from each other, I really like most of the girls, interesting designs. However, some of the girls suck in thier abilites and stats compared to others. Not balanced properly)Memes/References: 8/10(Pretty funny memes and references)DLC: ?/10(Yup this game has DLC built in and you can buy it if you want. It also has a ""free dlc"" that you have to manually activate. I have no idea how the DLC changes the gameplay much other than making the game way easier, adding new characters or cosmetic items that don't actually add more playable content for the game. This is not a review for the DLC, I don't own any of them.)Overall Rating: 7/10(Highly recommend to anyone new to this series to start on this masterpiece and not play their old games which in my opinion sucks mostly in the graphic and interface department from trying out rebirth 3 on my friend’s laptop. Looking at the other older games interface and graphics on youtube makes me wanna puke too.)Now for the wall of text:I was about to rate the game poorly by the♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics (3D not 2D), subpar optimization, insane tearing with vsync off, 60fps lock I think, low quality environment textures, awful controls that are meant for controllers and the fact that the keys you bind for the different console buttons in the game do not change at all in the UI. The graphic options are basically♥♥♥♥♥♥ AA is terrible (more like a blur filter turned on) DOF that has no point other than to blur the edges of the screen. Basically, I was not impressed with the 3D graphic options.I'm lucky that I played on a console before and got used to the controls fast once I remembered which keys were bind to the buttons on a controller. I have already put a guide out on steam for on the optimal key bindings for those that do not have a controller and would like to play on a keyboard (you actually don't need a controller; game plays really well on a keyboard surprisingly). Once the issue of controlling the game is out, I have been enjoying the game very much from start to finish. I played the game with them voicing in Japanese because I just feel it’s weird if they speak English (I always prefer sub over dub ye)The game takes about 40 hours to complete, for a total newb reading up on what to do as recommended by a guide and skipping all the side quests that are not mandatory to continue the main story. The 2D art and UI is top notch, plenty of detail and animation, excellent quality here. The dialogue can be really funny, sad or even disturbing at times. The writing is mostly good, with a few parts that are awkward,cringey or just flat out redundant. The first arc is the worst out of all of them. I would describe the story as sort of watching an anime with 3 seasons in it. All of the 3 seasons are mostly awesome and I keep wanting to know what will happen next. I was slightly overwhelmed when they were explaining the story to me at the start but other than that, I really enjoyed the story. I really liked all of the girls, its hard to select just one.I really liked the cool (sometimes really funny) skills, EXE skills and formation skills which I feel is the most disappointing compared with the regular and EXE skills. The micromanagement for the skill combo’s, formation and equipping all the weapons, outfits are mildly satisfying. The girls are really cute and cool and this was one of the key factors that kept me going at the start of the game. (You can thank Neptune and Uzume for that). The next gen forms are really cool (other than vert’s hers is well not as developed as the rest) and so are all the characters that you can play as in this game. I’m always wanting to find out what their special skills are and what are the positives and negatives of each girl.The maps are mostly like typical dungeons you see in typical RPG games, ranging from dark and spooky to colourful and happy dungeons. The monsters just roam around and if you hit them (or they hit you) you initiate a fight. Saving in this game is punishing, (well for someone who is used to saving anytime I want) you can only save after you are out of a dungeon or close to the end of a dungeon. One thing that really annoyed me was the fact that some treasures in a dungeon require you to acquire items to break the boxes blocking your way. The feeling of a stupid treasure stuck there because you can see it but can’t get it is really infuriating. Luckily the guide helped me out and I continued the game without rage quitting.The soundtrack in this game is just amazing. I never really bothered about most in game soundtracks at but all the ones in this game are really good. No words can say how good it is. Just listen to it yourself. Fits the theme of wherever you are pretty well. The sound design of most of the tracks are excellent. Nice sound staging, you can hear all the different instruments clearly and at different places. Also, neplunker I swear is rage inducing if you did not watch a guide and did the stupidest platforming for 30 mins dying for no reason at all due to bad coding.I have not finished everything about the game, I just got the true ending (with a lot of raging as I needed to have an extra playthrough as I missed out something, good to see that there was more content in the true ending) and there is quite a bit more content compared to the other endings in the game (bad and good). Only fault I can see here is that the two other endings are lacking and they use the same exact outro video. I feel that they could have done more in making the other two endings more fleshed out and have more reason to go for that ending (especially the bad ending). Other than that, I genuinely enjoyed this game and I would recommend it to anyone new to this kind of genre or franchise."
