user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,460430,33774871,Posted: 24 July,all,Calystegia,"Early thoughts...Just finished chapter 3 out of 7 and I already spent about 9 hours or so, so each chapter should be around 3+ hours (and late chapter are longer)... which is pretty lengthy I imagine if I will also include the branching paths/narratives and all. The number of achievements (172 of them) says so too. All dialogue is voiced.So far it's been interesting, engaging, and tense. The scary parts (with the animation) sends me to chills.Aside from the supposedly many endings this game has, some decisions, relationships, and butterfly effect unlocks mini-events and romance routes. You will also get to control and have point-of-view of multiple characters. Heck, a chapter ending can have a character without plot-armor die. Somewhat reminds me of Until Dawn.I hope more people will notice this game and pick it up. Looking forward to play more and will give my final thoughts afterwards..."
,Recommended,460430,34735343,Posted: 4 September,all,DragYn,"Do you enjoy VNs at all? Buy it.Do you like long and branching stories? Buy it.Do you like ""horror""? Buy it.Do you want high production value with full voices and animated sprites? Buy It.The Letter is - quite simply - amazeballs. At least, I think so. Some notes about my experiences with the game thus far (I've finished it 3 times, and have plans for a couple more as I barely have 60% of the achievements) to follow:1. From a gameplay standpoint, it's relatively basic VN-type stuff.  Dialogue in a box at the bottom of the screen, you read it, and move on to the next. All of the characters (including you) are fully voiced, with the exception of internal monologues and thoughts. Also, the sprites are animated and quite pretty to look at. Where I feel The Letter sets itself apart is the branching storylines.To begin, you play 7 different chapters, each from a different character's perspective. Your choices in dialogue (andwhether they live or die)carries over from one to the next, so a simple choice in Chapter 1 can have far reaching repercussions all the way in Chapter 7. I both love this, and it drives me insane. If you are a completionist, this one may take awhile - especially without a guide.My first playthrough, I had one person in a coma, one die, and the rest live. Then I tried one where everyone lives, and one where everyone dies. Somehow, I managed to screw up that last one and one person still lived. Some are much easier to kill than others!There's also a relationship system, where dialogue choices increase or decrease their ties to one another. This can mostly affect the Epilogues and the endings individuals and pairs receive.2. The story itself. While the ""horror"" elements are relatively soft, there is a solid ""creepy"" vibe to much of the game.  There are a few mild jumpscares, but nothing too intense. In fact, I think the strongest of these is actuallythe first time you click new game from the menu. Other than that, the ghost's image and sound design are spot on. My only real complaint is that there are times when the story feels like it stalls out a little with an over-lengthy internal struggle. CGs are well placed and are more interactive.3. QTEs. While I understand the desire to add ""gameplay"" to a VN, these feel unnecessary and at times, frustrating to me.  Thankfully, you are able to skip them (though you'll miss out on a few achievements). There are also settings to make them easy (though the number mashing one in the elevator with Ash is still annoying).I'm sure there's more, but that's all I can think of as I hastily type this out. I simply wanted to make sure I gave my thumbs up review for the game. I've spent almost 40 hours in this VN and I'm sure I have at least 10 more to go. This rivals The Fruit of Grisaia as my favorite VN, and I think people should know about this gem."
76561198046975243,Recommended,460430,33827648,Posted: 27 July,all,Crax,"The TL;DR version of this review is that The Letter is hands down THE best English Visual Novel produced to date. My usual rating system for Visual Novels are: Story, Graphics, Audio, Gameplay and Characters.Story:This is a horror themed visual novel, and it has some of the best writing I've seen. While the plot may not be the most intriguing ever, it is tightly woven in the sense that it covers - as far as I can see - everything that you may question about the game. For example, there are 7 main characters in the game. What if 2 characters die? What if A, B and D dies specifically? How will it affect the narration? What kind of responses from the characters are expected? You can try any combination you like, and you will notice that there are tidbits here and there in the narration that will fill in the gaps and enrich the experiences. It is an amazing effort.Normally, ghost stories love confining characters to a single setting - just the mansion! Just the hotel! Cut off all communications for XXX lousy reasons! - but no. The ghost originates from the mansion and haunts the mansion in ways you dare not imagine, but it also hunts the characters over different places fluidly. It is not bound to one place, and the characters aren't bound to one place (well on the larger scale everyone is bound on the city, planet Earth, the universe yada yada but you get my point).This makes for a very organic and realistic experience that is even better than most Japanese Visual Novels out there, since those games usually have locations that are so systematically defined it feels like there are only X amount of locations that exist in the whole general setting (i.e. XXX City). The point is, the world does not feel small here. You will be visiting various settings in the city such as a theater, a mansion, a hostel, an apartment, rooms, a police station, a library, a church, and office and so on. The world is big. It is not just X girls' houses / school / your house and the end, and that is great.Graphics:I'm honestly in awe at the graphics. While I can't claim that it has the best damn graphics in the entire world, it has a unified color tone, excellent background and character sprites and CGs that are ALL ANIMATED. And boy do they look lovely when animated. The CGs especially are fantastic. The beautiful CGs are beautiful, and the creepy CGs are downright terrifying. It's like I'm watching a movie, but with the best shots framed at every second. And did I mention the ghost? The ghost is going to haunt you. You're going shut your eyes in midnight, and ungodly and grosteque shapes will naturally float to your imagination and accompany you in your dreams. It is a gorgeous experience.And the gore. Oh, my god. The gore. I will never wipe the image of poor Isabella from my mind. I personally love Marianne's because of how... immoral it is. Oh, sweet temptation of sins.This level of quality is going to spoil me. This is already starting to make some Japanese animation graphics look LAME. That's how good it is.Audio:First, before everything else related to audio, I must applaud the English VA. How ironic that a Philipines produced Visual Novel has some of THE BEST English voiceacting I've ever heard. This is movie level quality, if not better because movies have the tendency to go absolutely over the board (Batman, seriously, can you ♥♥♥♥ing speak NORMALLY for once and not like you're going to murder every cat in the house). This also applies to Japanese VA, which while almost always high quality, takes the word 'overboard' and shoots it all the way to the edge of the galaxy. I never understood why people like high pitched loli voices that are so high pitched the piano probably can't fit said pitch. Kids don't talk like that. HUMANS don't talk like that unless they have a ♥♥♥♥ing condition, jesus.TL;DR the voiceacting is awesome. This is handsdown the best English VA I've ever heard from a Visual Novel, and among the absolute best even when compared to Japanese VA. Actually, I doubt there's going to be any Japanese dub that's going to outdo the original VA. I do not believe there will.Now, onto BGM and sound effects. My judgment in BGM is kinda weak, so I'm just going to say that it's beautiful and well designed. The creepy moments are creepy, the touching moments are touching, it's... really good.The sound effects? The game will spook you (or get you prepared for the horror that it's about to unleash upon you) right from the beginning when you click New Game. For some people, the clicking noise is going to scare them every time they hear something similar for the rest of their lives. To say that the sound effects of this game are top notch is a horrendous understatement.Gameplay:As with most visual novels, gameplay elements are few in this game, using QTE elements to enhance the immersion and experience of horror. But if you think that is the weak point of The Letter, I'm sorry not sorry to tell you that the QTE designs of the game put many modern game QTEs out there to shame. Normally you think QTEs as boring. Normally they're just a nuiscance and considered the 'easy' way out of what could've been a satisfying boss fight. In The Letter, when a painfully sharp and well defined mangled head is taking up 90% of your screen and attempting to kill you, the last thing in your mind when dealing with the QTE is ANYTHING but 'boring' or 'easy'. It's hard. You are being ♥♥♥♥ing murdered by a supernatural being after all, so it's only natural that it's hard.But it's not hard without purpose either. You'll notice that the QTEs are designed to fit the scenario appropriately. Button mash (there is only 1 button mash QTE in the game as far as I'm aware, and it's at the very start of the game)? Well that's because your character is trying to wrench the bloody door knob open. Metronome? That's because you're trying to control your breathing and heartbeat in a situation where both are out of control. There's even one that pans the camera horizontally non-stop - and literally, because your character is holding a camera - as you attempt to take a photo of a certain thing in complete darkness...If there's one flaw to the game, it would be that there aren't enough QTE moments. No kidding. I quite wish I could be spooked more often, if only because they are so compelling to play.Characters:Let alone visual novels, this level of characterisation puts games, movies and books to SHAME. Most stories have a character stick to one personality trait and stay there forever. Not this game. Every person is complicated, and every person is a living contradiction. The label 'one dimensional' do not exist in the characters of this game. The writers don't hold back on profanity. The writers don't hold back on issues like racism. Some writers hold back when they try to write a racist character for example, but the writer here states it as the character would have had it. It was a pleasure to read. It's even funny to see people get offended by it by the various behaviors displayed by the characters. I can't even come up with the words to describe the cast of this game, just, play it already.Conclusion:Before I started to play this game, I jokingly thought that the devs had spent billions in development. After playing the game for thirty minutes billions is still an exeggeration, but I cannot help but think if they did spend millions at least on it. $20 for this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing STEAL.  How can you even price it this low it's RIDICULOUS. This is WAY BETTER than most of the localised Visual Novels currently present on Steam. Any Visual Novel fan who misses this will be missing out on a major milestone in EVN history, the best EVN to date and one of the best VNs in history.Keep it up, devs! The Letter is right up there with VA-11 HALL-A, Clannad and a few others in my best Visual Novel of all times list!"
76561198158309410,Recommended,460430,33888589,Posted: 29 July,all,Lady Chaos,"""The Letter"" is the best visual novel I've every played, and I'm not making statements like this lightly. I think, the last time I wrote something like that, was in my review for ""Danganronpa"" and this game... Oh, boy, this game offers so much more than I was expecting.What's great?Plot.Simple, but interesting concept (remember those annoying chain letters?) gets turned into something incredibly complicated and engaging. It was obviously inspired by Asian horror moviespale lady, long black hair all over her face, crawling around and making scary noises- yes, we've seen it a thousands of times, but it was done in truly outstanding way. You have curse, you have hunted mansion, mysteries of the past, yadda, yadda, all those classic horror elements, but everything works perfectly, thus showing, that cliches aren't necessary a bad thing, as long as you use them to tell a compelling story.Characters.There are seven main characters, each one with their own chapter, each with their own issues, interests and decisions, that will impact not only the main story, but their relationship with each other. The best thing any story can do, is make you care about characters. With horrors, it's especially important, since it makes everything much more engaging and tense. I cared about every single one them - Becca, Ash, Belle, Zach, Hannah, Marianne, even Luke.Yes, Luke! Guy, I literally hated during first four chapters, to then completely change my mind and consider him my favorite protagonist - that proves how good the writing for this game is.Characters are complicated and even though I found some of their behaviors unrealistic, it was never breaking the immersion.Visuals!Moving sprites. Moving backgrounds. Moving CGs. I generally don't care that much about visual side of games, but here, art is not only incredible, but also adds so much to the atmosphere.Whenever the monster shows up... Wow. I could feel like something is crawling on my skin.Sounds.This is literally the most important thing, when we talk about horror games. ""The Letter"" has amazing sound design. The music is great, it always fits the atmosphere of the scenes, and sounds, no matter if it we talk about frightening screams or gentle laughs, or some stuff going in the background, make this game incredibly immersive experience. Also, it has voice acting. I don't like to play visual novels with V/A, but I've turned it on during few scenes, and it's good.Fear.Fear, just as humor, is very subjective thing. Games like FNAF and dozens of ""Fnaf wannabies"" made a lot of people believe that jumpscares are just cheap horror tricks, with no substance. I disagree with that - good jumpscare, in the right moment, is something that will make your skin crawl. This game has jumpscares - great jumpscares, may I add. It also has gore. It has psychological horror. It has pretty much everything you could expect from a title like this. Whatever you enjoy, when it comes to horror, you won't be disappointed.Choices matters.Finally. Even those little ones, that affects how characters think about each other, how they react in certain situations, and so on. But there are also big choices. The one that affects who survive and who doesn't, how the story will go, and how will it end. ""The Letter"" offers more branching paths than I've ever seen, with many endings and possibilities.In short:If you like either good horror stories, or good visual novels, it's a must have. It's absolutely worth the price, visuals are outstanding and pretty much set a new level for other games in that genre, the sound design is amazing, voice acting is good, plot is deep and engaging, with great characters and both darker and lighter moments. Add to that, important choices and branching paths, and you have a nearly perfect game. Or just perfect. I think ""The Letter"" fully deserves this sort of praise."
,Recommended,460430,33780050,Posted: 24 July,all,Gaymer Lady,"I am not one for horror games that rely solely on gore or jump scares, and I was rewarded with trying out this game. The horror aspects in the game are genuinely terrifying and unique due to the addition of QTE. I appreciated the settings option, however, that we are able to turn them off if need be and have the game be treated as simply a visual novel.The artwork and designs are awesome, and I usually cannot play a game if the artwork is super terrible, however at the price it is--it better have good artwork lol The way they are slightly  animated makes the horror aspects really jump out as well--sometimes literally.The voice acting is also wonderful. I'm usually the kind of player who prefers Japanese voice acting simply because English voice acting is just usually terrible--but I was pleasantly surprised at how well the VA was executed.The story is really good so far. I've played around with some of the branching story lines and I really enjoy how varied the endings can be. It is definitely story rich and doesn't rely on just trying to scare you. I'm genuinely curious about the story line and how everything will be resolved. I know the bio states they were inspired by Japanese horror films and they truly hit that nail on the head.I cannot wait to to see the conclusions to the story, and maybe, just maybe, I can nut up and turn on the QTE again. . . maybe."
76561198015450442,Recommended,460430,34120729,Posted: 9 August,all,KP,"I don't like horror movies.I don't like jump scares.I don't like quicktime events.I LOVE The Letter.Obligatory ""I've never written a review for a game on Steam before"".I happened upon The Letter on a casual browse through the Steam store. The beautiful visuals, full English voice acting, and excellent animations made the game look really promising. However, I also saw a tag.""Sexual Content""However, it was not accompanied by the all too common ""Nudity"" tag. Those two are red flags for me. After doing my research and discovering that The Letter is, in fact, not a hentai game, I bit the bullet.41 hours of gameplay later, and I can convincingly say that not only is ""The Letter"" the best visual novel I've ever read/watched/played/experienced (whatever the correct verb is), it's also among my favourite works of fiction of all time. That includes movies, novels AND TV shows.The Great*Visuals are beautiful. The CG scenes, animated sprites, backgrounds, everything is perfect.*Voice acting is top notch. Really, fantastic job to everyone involved in the VA.*Characters are deep, VERY different, and multilayered. Each have their own internal conflicts, perspectives, and personalities. The first person voice of the game really nails it.*Choices that matter. AND I MEAN MATTER. There are nearly 200 achievements in the game, and even after 41 hours of gameplay, I still don't have them all. I STILL HAVEN'T SEEN EVERY ENDING. And, without spoiling anything, you can get endings that range from ""feel-good"" to ""melancholic"" to ""truly horrific"".*The horror. As someone who is not particularly a fan of jump scares, there was never a time I felt as though the game offered cheap thrills. The real horror isn't even in these moments (although they certainly add to the tension); it's in what the experience does to the characters.*Music and sound. Brilliant. Not much to say other than spot on.*The writing. Apart from some grammar mistakes, particularly involving ""would"" and ""could"" (specifically, the absence of them where appropriate), the writing is gripping, and written in the voice of each of the characters. So strong is the writing that, even in the absence of all the other positives, this still would have made for a fantastic novel.*Visible branches. Ever wanted to know exactly why your decisions mattered, or where something changed? The game provides you with an entire tree which shows the paths you've taken previously, just in case you wanna try something different. Why don't more games do this?The Less Great*Especially towards the latter parts of the game, there are missing audio clips, audio clips which play in the wrong place, missing words, repeated words, and other slight inconsistencies. Yangyang Mobile are working hard to correct these errors, so hopefully they'll be fixed soon!*You can't name your save files, or delete them for that matter. It's a minor thing, but given the amount of other conveniences they've included in the game, it really sticks out like a sore thumb.If you're looking for a visual novel with memorable characters, legitimate scares, great dialogue, a very branching narrative, choices that matter, awesome visuals, and fantastic music, you're asking for a lot in a game...But The Letter delivers."
,Recommended,460430,33989840,Posted: 3 August,all,Vidservent,"Now that I have finally gotten the True Ending (after many replays with various dead body counts) I totally recommend this visual novel :3Simply put it's a VN where almost every choice counts to shape the story you get with controling a different character on each chapter. They can all live, they can all die, or you just kill some while others live. Each choice is like a ripple effect that impacts the chapters especially the last 2 chapters either in small or big ways.There are Quick Time Events but you can skip them with TAB if you can't get past them. Various epilouge endings revolving around the character's friendship and even some romantic endings."
76561198109325272,Recommended,460430,33844666,Posted: 27 July,all,ducho1,"One of the best (if not the best) visual novels I've ever played. The story is so complex that I can't think of how many hours someone must play to see all of it. The story, the way it is told, the voice acting, THE ART and THE LOVE creators put into this game is just... I can't even describe in words how much of it there is. All I can say is ""Thank you Yangyang Mobile for making this game"" and hope there will be more games like that in the future.I recommend this game to all fans of horror games, books or movies, fans of visual novels and everybody who's looking for a good story."
76561198204905047,Recommended,460430,33800425,Posted: 25 July,all,SerenaCiel,"Disclaimer: I have not finished the game, and at the time of writing this review I am mid-way through Chapter 3.This will be my first ever Steam review. I'm a huge fan of both the visual novel genre and psychological horror, and decided to follow The Letter a few weeks before its release. I generally don't buy games until it has received many reviews, but I am so glad I took a chance on this one.To list a few of its features:Pros:- The choices really DO matter. I love how they included a branching guide to let you know exactly which choice leads to what. It doesn't tell you the actual consequence, so it's spoiler-free. It's the best friend of any completionist, and I fully intend on coming back to it after my first run through.- Complex characters and character development. People may seem like stereotyped tropes at first, but you slowly realize there is more than meets the eye. I also love the relationship mechanic (and no, it's not otome style), which further fleshes out the characters' personalities, and also affects the branching paths.- Full voice acting- Polished graphics and artwork, animated CGs in galleryCons(?):- If you are a horror fanatic, this may not give you the thrill you are looking for. While the horror elements are done quite tastefully, the story seems so far to be mostly slice of life interspersed with a few horror scenes. On the other hand, if you do not have the strongest stomach for thrills, this may be perfect for you.Final Rating: 9.5/10If you enjoy visual novels and/or horror, this game is a must-try!"
,Recommended,460430,34296066,Posted: 16 August,all,✨Ayla✨,"I bought this game on an impulse the second I saw it on steam. Its not very often you find a horror Visual Novel. The features were different from anyother VN I've played and reviews on steam were overly positive.I was sucked into this game the moment I started reading it. Theres hardly a thing I don't like about the game. Everything is well done. The art, cgs, music, etc. After completing the the game once in about 35 hours I am looking forward to seeing what other kind of endings and outcomes are possible. Especially with all the outcomes in the Gallery.One of the best things about this VN is how you play as each of the main characters in a certain order. Giving you just enough information into what kind of person they are without spoiling any outcomes until you come to the last person. Perfectly piecing it all together. I love being able to dive into another characters mind vs playing the same character the whole time.While this game is mostly jump scares and builds up right to it the quick action events certainly give it some charm. Only one quick action was a bit of putting, but they're easily skipable or you can just turn them right off.Newho thx for reading my review. Bb."
76561198006590085,Recommended,460430,33845142,Posted: 27 July,all,Chimera247,"The true horror of this game for me lies in spending many enjoyable hours getting to know each of these engaging characters and the suffocating fear that their deaths are a very real possibility before this game is done. Or worse that one of my decisions might have directly caused it to happen.The mark of a great story is its ability to suck you in and make you believe, which this game has done expertly. The SFX, voice work, and art style are all very good. And although I've only just finished the second chapter the story keeps pulling me back for more.Although both games are at polar opposite sides of the spectrum, playing this I'm reminded that if the creators of Until Dawn had made me care about their characters as much as I do about the guys and girls in the Letter then I believe we would have entered the golden age of decision-based horror, and I would never get a good nights sleep again.Great Stuff!Headphones and the wee small hours of the night recommended for play."
76561197973401977,Recommended,460430,33872999,Posted: 28 July,all,RealizeUK,"I normally do not write reviews but I had to after it became clear what a labor of love this game is and wanting to let others know of it as well. The Letter has a distinct visual style that is very striking, setting it apart from most other VNs. The story keeps you engaged and wanting more through multiple playthroughs as you try to unlock the many different endings that are available. With 7 unique playable protagonists, the choices you make have real, drastic changes to the story - not just a line or two changed before you're railroaded back to the main plot. No one is safe, characters can die or be changed in several different ways that cause a butterfly effect to the remainder of the story. While there is only one ""True"" ending, many of the endings you can arrive at are satisfying and feel fully fleshed out, with epilogues detailing lasting friendships, lives that have fallen apart, and even multiple different romances that can occur.Overall, a wonderful game that is well worth the retail price, and a sure thing when on sale for anyone who loves darker visual novels. Cannot wait for YangYang Mobile's next effort."
76561198201467087,Recommended,460430,33800490,Posted: 25 July,all,🌸MidnightRose🌸,"Isabella Santos is a real estate agent trying to sell a haunted house for personal reasons. She stumbles across a Letter and now the curse begins. If her friends don't believe her, then who will? Perhaps they can survive, too. Hopefully. Your choice does matter. There are seven chapters with different perspectives from the main characters. The English voice acting is not amateurish (you can tell when the voice acting is really bad, but this isn't the case here). The cast deliver their roles very well. I love the art style, the soundtrack, and the CGS. The devs found inspiration from classic Asian horror films and it clearly shows that they don't use cheap jumpscares to make you frighten! You get to view the journal of the events and the branching tree to keep track of your progress. Grab a copy of the Letter. Highly recommended!"
76561197978049429,Recommended,460430,34260777,Posted: 15 August,all,Dreamcatcher,"For the price, this is definitely a great VN and a steal. The VN is quite long and will keep you occupied for a while. Artwork is beautiful, great voice acting, and a great story from the developers. Definitely play through the game a couple of times choosing whatever choices you please and work towards the true ending. Looking forward to more VNs from you guys!!!"
76561198079230098,Recommended,460430,34078076,Posted: 7 August,all,eyesonne,"(Note: This review is based on completing the game once.)I would highly recommend ""The Letter"" to people who enjoy games because:+ They like an emphasis on characters and character relationships with each other+ They like the whole butterfly effect/choice and branching paths mechanic and multiple endingsOtherprosinclude:+ Voice acting is pretty good and fits the characters well+ The CG Illustrations are really nice to look at+ Plenty of achievements to keep you busy (if you're into achievement hunting)+ Decent length, even if you just play it once. I totalled up to about 25 hours.Overall I can see that a lot of love was given to make this game. However someconsI would like to list:- The Ghost. I know it says it was inspired by certain Asian horror movies, but thelong haired, pale skin Japanese ghost that makes the -same- soundis really overdone. I wished they would have tried to make it stand out a bit more.- The plot is not this game's strong point. Not to say that it's bad, but it certainly isn't unique or something that will blow your mind...especially if you consider the plot of many Asian horror movies.- The writing can drag on sometimes and feel unecessary, especially when I was playing the second last chapter. Too much introspection.- Last one is more of a personal gripe. I was initially reluctant to buy the game because of: (yes, it's going to sound silly) the jiggle physics. It's not only unrealistic, it made my mind unintentionally create an association with some of the garbage lewd VNs that have littered steam. That being said, it isn't too bad. If you're someone that likes this sort of extra detail, I guess this would be a positive."
76561198169671456,Recommended,460430,33854904,Posted: 28 July,all,Volture,"The Letter is a game that screams passion, from the graphics to the storytelling, it's clear that the dev team put a lot of effort into making this a great visual novel. And in my opinion, they succeeded with flying colours.Pros:-The story is well told and manages to stay engaging throughout. In spite of the hundreds of alterations one can make to the story, both minor and major, it rarely, if ever trips over itself and gets past events wrong, making each playthrough feel unique and fulfilling.-The cast is wonderful and has great interaction with each other. The close group of Ashton, Becca, Bella and Zach was especially loveable. Supporting characters were also well done, though some like Father Norman could have benefitted from more screentime.- The CGs are some of the best that i've seen in any visual novel to date, and the movement and lighting used in them helps them stand out even more. Background art is also fantastic.-The music and voice acting is solid all around.Cons-Though the sprites have some great movement to them, the design and colours used makes them look very simplistic compared to the rest of the games art. Side-characters generally look fine, but some characters like Luke and Marianne look pretty odd.-The game is pretty buggy in places, especially once the player hits Rebecca's chapter. voices not matching with text, voice clips not playing in general, and some pieces of art in the gallery refuse to unlock ever though i've completed the sections for them. I also can't seem to open up the music room, in spite of having completed almost everything in this game.-The true ending is very difficult to get and requires a lot of trial and error. It's also disappointingly short, though the ending is engaging overall.In the end, this was a fantastic visual novel and a great step for EVNs. I'm looking very forward to the next VN from YangYang Mobile, and i'm also looking forward to it's sister game, Quantum Suicide. If you have some cash to spare, pick this stuff up and have a ball!"
,Recommended,460430,33781835,Posted: 25 July,all,Kamui,"I highly recommend this visual novel to anyone that is into the horror genre.I have played this game nonstop since I bought it this afternoon and the storyline has been nothing but amazing in my honest opinion. It manages to tug on your heartstrings (I won't say how due to spoilers) in a myriad of ways. Moreover, the voice acting is excellent. The art is fabulous as well. Overall, a wonderful game. I hope for a sequel or at least another VN from the developers.Also, I only played through it once but spent 10 hours doing so. Imagine the length of this game when played to its full potential in order to unlock all the extras. Please don't underestimate this game due to the oversaturated Visual Novel genre. It was one of my favorite things since Huniepop.Shoutout to ERDJIE for posting the trailer on his DeviantArt! (It's Metanyanya).10/10 would recommend to all horror visual novel fans. Seems to be highly influenced by Asian horror movies which I adore."
,Recommended,460430,34500684,Posted: 26 August,all,CyclicNutria,"The Letter is a fantastic visual novel experience with a compelling branching narrative and a highly polished feel. I came into this game with a limited experience of visual novels, but I found it easy to navigate and simple to understand the basics. It's a great starting point if you are new to the format.The story itself, while not a huge deviation from traditional horror stories, is compelling, well-paced and provides a high level of interactivity with the branching outcomes available from the decisions made by the player. While not a scare-a-minute thriller, the game is undeniably creepy when it wants to be, and as you are drawn further into the story the game does a great job at creating a sort of ambient eerieness that gives you a feeling of unease. The endings provide closure and range from poignant (one way or another), to darkly comedic, to just plain dark, depending on your choices.I feel that particular praise should go towards the voice acting and art design, both of which make the novel feel immersive and relatable. The voices are clear and unique, and the VAs do a remarkable job of projecting the right emotions into their characters in different situations. The characters themselves are relatable, given distinct personalities and provide moments of horror, shock and occasional humour which blend realistically with the progress of the story.The backgrounds are vivid and full of colour where required, and appropriately creepy at other times. The animations are well done, ranging from smooth and vivid during lighter moments to uncanny at tense ones; the transition between the two really helps to build the atmosphere. There always seems to be something moving on the screen, which helps to make things tense and also adds a level of realism. The background music is appropriately upbeat or tense, and the handful of songs with vocals are a nice touch as well. Overall, the art and sound package significantly adds to the immersion of the narrative and the experience as a whole.The interface is easy to comprehend and generally polished. There are a few minor mistakes in how some sentences are parsed, and incorrect tense used for some words (loss/lost, worse/worst), as well as a couple of cases (only two or three out of thousands, to be fair) where the incorrect voice line is played over the text, but these are negligible technical issues and don't significantly detract from the overall experience.The game has a high replayability factor; since my initial blind playthrough I've been going back and choosing different outcomes to see the alternate endings (including the ""True Ending""), and it's good fun to try and unlock all the game's many achievements in the process.Overall, the game is excellent - I would highly recommend it to anyone with an interest in the horror genre or visual novels in general. It's clear that the team behind this game have crafted it with care and passion for the genre. I had a lot of fun playing it through and look forward to seeing more from Yangyang Mobile in the future. Thanks heaps!"
76561198283261760,Recommended,460430,34071772,Posted: 6 August,all,hollyhopewell,"The greatest thing about the letter is how it immersed you into its world. Every character had a motive. Every choice had a consequence, and everything presented, everything mentioned, is relevant to the game, its characters, and its overall plot, which is amazing. The writing itself is absolutely gorgeous. It's simple, yet it has a wonderful way of painting a picture of the situation, and, more importantly, the characters' feelings.But my absolute favorite part of the game are the characters. You can have the most beautiful art ever seen, the most magical musical score, the greatest CGs, a wonderful plot, but if your characters are cardboard, then none of that matters. A game depends on its characters. If you don't feel anything for the characters, (good or bad, it doesn't matter), then the rest of it doesn't matter. And the characters, each and every one of them -- from the main characters to the side characters -- are all rich and enthralling. From the way they speak, to their mannerisms, you can certainly tell the developers spent a lot of time developing every person in the game from a stereotype to a fully fleshed out character, which is a spectacular feat in and of itself.I'll stop right here, so I don't spoil anything, but, in short, is this game worth twenty dollars?Yes, Probably even more!"
76561198041006727,Recommended,460430,33823431,Posted: 26 July,all,sweetfilthyjunk,"This is an amazing game.The writing is good, the characters are all deep and compelling and after playing all day I still can't wait to see what happends next.I haven't beaten the game yet, but if the branching stories and the sheer number of acheivements are anything to go by there is a TON of replay value. Which I can't wait to dig into.There are moments of actual terror, which is nothing to scoff at for a veteran of the horror genre like me. The CG is gorgeous and immersive, with subtle animation that really brings you into the story.Basically if you are at all a fan of visual novels and Japanese style horror this game is a MUST. It is fantastic. :)"
,Recommended,460430,34225765,Posted: 13 August,all,LewwwD,"Probably one of the best visual novels I've ever played. I'd probably only put it behind the Danganronpa games. Everything about the game was just incredibly gripping for me, so much so that I grinded the game and finsihed it within 2~ish days. I really enjoyed all the characters and the voice acting was great, but if you're one who doesn't like any voice acting at all, you can just mute it. My biggest (and probably only serious) gripe with the game is that there aren't many scary moments. To me, the game felt much more focused on the characters and their relations, with the horror-oriented plot serving as more of a backdrop. That being said, I still thoroughly enjoyed the parts of the game that were more character focused, and the more horror focused aspects were great as well. I would highly recommend this game to anyone that wants to experience a great story. However if all you want is something purely horror, this might not be the game for you. Even then I would still urge you to maybe wait for it to go on sale then give it a shot."
76561198124039324,Recommended,460430,35053765,Posted: 18 September,all,Dark Robert Chase,"I live for horror games and this is a really, really good one. Combines aspects of horror with other emotions perfectly. The soundtrack and art are A+ too. You should buy this game if you like reading, horror, and getting emotionally invested in stories."
,Recommended,460430,34815184,Posted: 8 September,all,maud560,"I'm on my fourth of fifth playthrough at the moment and have played the game for approximately 70 hours. Maybe a bit longer than is the norm, but my husband and I love to voice act the 'thought' portions of the game, so we take our time with the game.+ Most characters have a unique and interestering personality and background (though I can't stand Rebecca...).+ Lots of choices throughout the game.+ Choices matter. A choice you made in chapter one is going to affect your whole playthrough.+ Overall great voice acting.+ The monster/antagonist (however you want to call her) is truly scary. There is a great progression in the fear she instills in the player and the characters alike.+ Great CGs.+ Every QTE is different and therefore more interesting than simple repetition. Also you can skip them.+ Many different endings. Good endings, bad endings, meh endings.+ I'm on my fourth or fifth playthrough which is entirely different from my first one. It is exciting to see the effect of all your choices and how they influence the story. This time around is almost completely different from the first playthrough.+ Wonderful visual style, especially in the journal and epilogue.+ In the menu you can see all CGs, endings, objects, achievements, everything you have unlocked.- This game suffers from cluncky dialogue sometimes. Which manifests itself in some sentences with horrendous grammar or an obsession with words like shoulder.- This game's story/dialogue needs some serious editing. There are parts where the story progresses soooo slowly. Mostly the parts with the inner dialogue and mostly concerning Rebecca or Isabella.- Sometimes inner dialogue/thoughts get interrupted by spoken dialogue. The inner dialogue then carries on from the point before, which sometimes makes it very easy to lose that train of thought. Same with references like 'the former' and 'the latter', referring to things said/thought ages ago.- There are some bits of voice acting missing from chapter 5 onwards (though I believe they are trying to fix this).Overall I can only applaud this great visual style and mostly compelling story. With their next game they should probably hire a native English speaker to check their dialogue and they should probably hire an editor to weed out the tedious bits. But for this fairly new game developer I think this has been a job well done!"
76561198127212609,Recommended,460430,34675240,Posted: 1 September,all,Sal,"I really enjoyed the first play of the game. The story is quite interesting, if a bit slow in the beginning. The characters are likeable, some more than others, but I didn't outright hate anyone. I've only played one ending, which I was aiming for cause I'm a sucker for happy ending, but I will definitely replay for the other possible endings (though it will kill me on the inside knowing what I do about certain characters and such). The game is actually quite long on a first run, and I'm sure it can be longer after many plays.As for horror, I'll admit it wasn't very scary. I'm not sure if that was due to me being use to common horror tropes, so I'm desensitized by it or just because I was expecting it. The ""ghost"" reminds me of a generic horror character from ""The Grudge"" or even ""The Ring"" and could have been more unique. The QTE aren't hard and it's nice you can skip them if you want. If you're looking for something super scary and don't scare easily, you won't find it here. This is good for those who don't particularly like horror or get scared easily.Overall I'd give the game a 8/10, possibly higher depending on the later plays I make of the game. I do want to see more information on the curse and such. Also hopefully more development for characters. This game is worth the price to me.Edited: I forgot to talk about the voice acting and art style so I'll mention it here. Also I've played a few more endings so I'll just talk about how I feel now that I've played more.The VAs are generally good. They're responses to certain situations fit well with the intended emotion. I've seen some people comment on how certain accents didn't fit with what they knew, and I have to agree. I honestly thought a majority of them, aside from Isabella, Ash, and Zack, to be British. That, appearntly, is not the case for some. Still the voice acting was very well done and I liked having a voice to put with the characters' faces.The CGs and end cards are nicely done. The end cards gave me a Dragon Age Inquisition feel to them. I have to say that I wasn't too fond of the character sprites. They could have had more body variety for them. There was also a weird sort of disconnect between the sprites, the CGs and the picture form (not sure what to call the images that pop up when someone is talking but not in front of the character?). I guess it was due to the varying art styles. The 3Dish movement of the sprites was a nice bonus though. In general the art is very nice and there are plenty of CGs throughout the chapters.I've played a few different ends, as well as the true end, and I have to say it was great. I felt very conflicted over my choices on my other plays as I knew what would happen. Yet I think that's what makes it fun. You get to see the different outcomes of your choices, for better or worse. Every little decision matters and changes things even slightly.My final score for the game is a 9/10. It's a very immersive game with well done voice acting and drawings. I can tell a lot of time and effort was put into it."
,Recommended,460430,34375274,Posted: 20 August,all,Golden,"Even if the world ran out of toilet paper, I'd still let Rebecca sit on my face.I haven't really played that much of it, but from what I played it was pretty okay. I would have to play some more to properly judge it."
76561197997034172,Recommended,460430,34718524,Posted: 3 September,all,noidisdead,"Really enjoyed this game. The creators really have atmosphere down pat--sound, environments, and everything else all amount to a really scary game.It's also amazing how many ways there are to change this game and all of the character's outcomes."
,Recommended,460430,33895143,Posted: 29 July,all,MagicCrazyMagician,"After completing the game one time, I must say that the Letter lives up to its name as a Horror Visual Novel.First lets begin with the horror itself.  The horror is nicely place throughout the game and also lets some breathing space so that the reader can take a break from the horror element before being put back. Of course the breathing space are sometimes long before getting thrown back into the horror aspect, which made me sometimes forget I was reading a horror visual novel, but also gets me good when the main antagonist appears once more. The horror is definitely inspired by The Ring and Ju-ON as stated in the description of the game, but also reminds me of Until Dawn with its branching tree with each chapters.Speaking of the chapters, each of seven chapters are played by one of the seven characters that are introduced in the game that saw the""Letter"". Each character chapter talks about how they deal with not only the curse of the Letter, but also their own burdens whether is past or present, which sometimes the antagoinist uses against them throughout the chapter. As mention before, each chapter has its own branching tree so they're many ways that the story can play out and needs to be play more than once in order to get every ending there is. Also the chapters are long, the first one being over 2 hours, and chapter 6 and 7 are the longest out of all of them.Now the visual of the game, I must say I love the artwork and little animation done with the game. The few backgrounds that are in the game are beautiful and detail, the character model are nice and simple, but the art pieces that I love the most about the game are CGs. There was so much effort that was put into those pieces, that and a long with the animation, that I had to stop reading admired them, especially when it came down to showing the antagonist. Oh man I can still see those images everytime the antagonist appear.There is also voice acting, which I wasn't expecting to great to begin with, but it prove me wrong. The voice acting is nice to listen to while the characters read their dialogue, even the two character's voices that I didn't care about at the start started sticking to me that I didn't mind it at the end. Again though my favorite voice acting, or should I say noices, are from the antagonist, from the crying to the laughs to when she actually talks in the later stories.Now do the characters in the game stand out? I say yes, not because of their simple designs, but because of their personality. It's their personalities that I started caring for these characters from the first chapter, well except for one, but in later chapters you learn even more about the characters and now I loved all of them. So much so that I don't want to see any of them die.My overall conclusion to this visual novel is definitely give it a read, even if it's just for a one time read. With the length of each chapter and also with the branching tree of each of them makes the price worth it. The only problem that I have with the game is that even though I love the designs of the background, you will see the same backgrounds, whether it's morning or evening, throughout all seven chapters and can getting bored with them until a new one appears."
76561198132788744,Recommended,460430,33916138,Posted: 30 July,all,abbie ☼,"The Letter is a gripping horror visual novel experience that I really enjoyed. I have only played through the game once fully, and a second time to get a different ending, and yet I still have lots of the game to discover!Pros:The plot - the plot is a very gripping and intense horror experience with each character having their own story to go along with the main storyline giving a rich variety in experience.The characters - I found all the characters to be very interesting and complex and not overly stereotypical or cliched, and they can be appreciated as characters whether you like them or not.Stunning visuals - the sprites, cgs and backgrounds are all very well drawn and suit the genre and game type perfectly. The dynamic backgrounds and sprites are great and help bring life to the experience.Voice acting - the game is fully voice acted in English, which is well produced. The only thing that irked me about this was some of the accents which made me cringe a tad at points.Game length - one full playthrough of the game (with no skipping) took me 15 hours, which for the price and the replayability, is great! I've yet to uncover combinations and endings of the game so I can see putting another lot of this in again at least to get it to completion.Game mechanics - for a visual novel, this game rides a lot on the choices leading to places where the game can branch off into multiple different scenes which play out differently. In this aspect, I'm reminded of the game Until Dawn, which also executes this mechanic well, but The Letter seems to have topped this with even more important choices and consequential decisions, such aswheter people die or not, or romances.General value for money - honestly this was a steal for the price and the quality of everything involved.Cons:As it's a new release and the length of the game is very long, there's still a few minor bugs and glitches, such as voice acting not matching the lines or the occasional freeze, but by no means is this frequent or distracting from the experience and will probably be fixed soon.Voice acting - some of the accents as I mentioned before, but this can easily be turned off anyway."
,Recommended,460430,33782870,Posted: 25 July,all,Texanona,"I picked this up because the concept sounded similar to Umineko no Naku Koro ni, a VN I was a huge fan of and closely followed back when it was originally coming out.So far it's exactly what I was hoping for and I am having a blast reading it. I have been recommending it to all of my Umineko friends. The only drawback I would note is that there is no controller or pure keyboard support. You need both mouse and keyboard to play. I'm a chronic pain suffferer and it's hard for me to sit at my desk for long periods to read. I would be extremely happy if the devs could work in pure keyboard support or controller support someday down the road if it's possible.I know that is a very niche issue though and I would not hold it against the devs at all if they can't. I'm still greatly enjoying myself and can't wait to get further in."
76561198255966419,Recommended,460430,34104160,Posted: 8 August,all,Dolly,"The game is very poetic, the art style is delightful and aesthetic. The voice acting is equally well-done. The letter tells an interesting story with immersive scenery, art style and character connections. The frequent decision making throughout the story is a fun and meaningful addition and adds replay value to it, allowing for different stories and outcomes to be tailored. All of that said, the letter is not an awfully frightening game. There are plenty of creepy, unsettling and ominous moments. I would not place this as a 'scary' game, I think a better label for it would be 'creepy', and suspenseful. A very compelling and creepy visual novel that tells a wonderful story that you get to tailor in many different ways. I would recommend it"
,Recommended,460430,34324675,Posted: 18 August,all,skysenshi,"I've written a full review on my blog so I'll just give the summary here:1. I get bored with visual novels.2. I find horror games/movies/tv series stressful.And yet I couldn't stop playing this game repeatedly. Replay value for me is pretty high because you actually won't know much about the ghost's story on the first try. (I'm also a sucker for happy endings so I tend to try other possibilities if someone dies.) All in all, it just has the right amount of tension to keep me glued (and not too much, because that would stress me out). If your heart can't take any confrontation with the ghost, you can always skip the quick time events."
,Recommended,460430,34663177,Posted: 1 September,all,TBWolf,"Fantastic horror VN with a lot of detail put into it. I wish there were more yuri romance routes, but beggers can't be choosers I guess considering most VNs don't have it as an option. In my opinion, the voice acting is fantastic, and the story itself has a lot of variation depending on the decisions you make-- so much that some routes seem like entirely different stories, even if certain events still happen consistently.Definitely worth the price in my opinion, especially if it goes on sale."
76561198194578083,Recommended,460430,33819039,Posted: 26 July,all,DeadLockPursuit,"Perfect Visual Novel for this summerI came across this game by looking at one of my favorite artists insta story's and thought why not watch the first hour. I basically had the urge to buy it right away when I finished the video.  This game is very inspired by Asian Horror in general, what I actually really like. I was very surprised that this game has full voiceacting for the dialogue because of how cheap it is (in my opinion at least) and the characters feel real just cause of how the dialog feels like your talking to an actual person. Art is very nice and I especially like the art and music in the game because I mostly need those things to make me interested in something, or it has to be unique at least. But one more thing I usually don't get creeped out by horror games cause their not real but honestly after playing it and walking in my unlit hallway I did have a slight uneasy feeling so good game for making me scared haha."
76561198243300976,Recommended,460430,33819344,Posted: 26 July,all,Kotatsu,"I have yet to finish the first chapter of this game, so this is more of a first impressions review.I have such an utter crush on this game. The art is amazing, the voice acting is phenomenal (I especially love Amanda Lee's voice), the characters are each unique and have their own backstories that draw you in, the music is riveting, and the choices are meaningful. I love the animated sprites and background. The game can be funny, sad, or absolutely horrifying at times.I was surprised to see the variety of buttons in the UI. Relationships, Branch Tree, Profiles, along with the usual assortment. The relationships panel is clear and concise and changes with each choice made in the game. The brandh tree makes navigating chapters SO EASY and shoots the replay value up tenfold. The profiles of the seven main characters are so detailed, even giving information about the character you didn't know you wanted. There are also diary entries everytime a scene passes in the game for easy reviewal of previously played scenes.The QTEs were well-made and aren't so difficult that a typical VN lover wouldn't be able to do them. If you don't like them, you can easily just turn them off in the settings.My only small confusion is in the variety of voices. Some of the actors have American accents while others sound British and one even Scottish. It's a little strange but isn't detrimental to the game. The voice acting was done really well regardless.If you would like to see some gameplay, I'm playing this full amazing game on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpmJCat3FiuydDLdO01awqtGQCFBCzjA1"
,Recommended,460430,33818768,Posted: 26 July,all,LadyTsukino,"I have been waiting for this game's release ever since I saw it on Kickstarter about 2 years ago, and boy it was worth the wait. I'm only about 3 hours into the game, but I couldn't help but review it now!The animation and artworks within this game is stunningly simple but, nevertheless, gorgeous. The sounds are hauntingly creepy, in a good way of course and the little gameplay that is there is good. The characters are well-thought out and the story is very long but also well crafted.If you've been waiting for a horror visual novel, the wait has is now over!If I have to complain about something, it would be a slight complaint about the QTE. Sure you can turn them off, but in doing so you miss out on some pieces of the gallery. It's a slider-based QTE and not button-mashing based QTE (this is in chapter 1). I feel like the slider's timing to my button input is slightly off, but it could be just me.But besides that, I absolutely, 100% recommend this game to anyone who's interested in a horror visual novel!/(EDIT** 07/29/2017)I'm now on chapter 7 of my first playthrough and on the way I've encountered some small annoyances. There are lines or text that doesn't match with the voices. And, some of the voices won't play when it should. Also, some of the other QTE can be quite frustrating (example would be using your mouse to say in the green bar), but again, you can always skip."
,Recommended,460430,33821761,Posted: 26 July,all,Shoe,"Forget laxatives, 90 mins in and I've already♥♥♥♥♥♥myself twice.Way better value."
76561198119283014,Recommended,460430,33888018,Posted: 29 July,all,Victorita9,"This is a really good game. The fact that there is not one bad review of this game should be a testament to how good it is. Since there are 50 favorable review, I'll put in my favorite thing about this game, the butterfly affect. I have changed my decisions throughout the game to get different endings, and yesterday I changed one decision that was made in the beginning of the game.  This changed the entire game. You're decisions changed the dialogue, the character development and how events unfold, it is not just a few dialogue changes."
76561198053898275,Recommended,460430,34005994,Posted: 3 August,all,MrFrenglish,"Quick Review August 2017:Rating:Poor (1), Average (2), Good (3), Great (4), Awesome (5)VERDICT: 9/10Buy it now! It is worth it!1. Controls: Awesome.Quick, simple and no need to think twice about it. Click to skip text, open and close menus, no bugs at all. Everything is fine here, thanks to the simplicity of it.2. Music: Great.The soundtracks, while great and impactful on each situations, are a bit lacking in my opinion. The editing of the audio also lacks polishing considering the fact that certain sound, effects and music drastically cut from time to time while switching scenes. It also lacks variety. The real gem, however, is the voice acting. It is perfect, you will feel every feelings the voice actors are going for.3. Graphics: Awesome.The pictures are so well drawn that it almost feels the characters are popping out of the game sometimes. Especially for the main antagonist of the game. You, even though you might not want to admit, WILL jump.4. Gameplay: Great.Even though the gameplay is barely nonexistent (it's a visual novel afterall), at times you will face QTEs! Unfortunately, not enough of them. I personally kept wishing for more QTEs due to the fact that they were super well done.5. Other: Awesome.Great story worth replaying multiple times. As a matter of fact, you WILL need to replay the game in order to unlock everything concerning the story of the game. Multiple endings, no bugs, no glitch, no missing text (though some dialogues would repeat itself), no major breaking game stuff, good performance and a long game length.Conclusion:This game might not seem like it, but it is probably the best visual novel out there at the moment on steam! While not perfect but close to it, it will remain a good experience forever to me. The Letter knows how to play with your emotions in a matter of seconds; happy now, scared the second after. It keeps us wondering what's next and what's going on. It is definitely a game not to be skipped for novel visual lovers. Which ironically, I usually am not. Buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198259864739,Recommended,460430,33846737,Posted: 27 July,all,riotxbelief,I have just finished this game for the first time and...Oh my god this game is amazing as soon as I beat it i could hear myself saying ♥♥♥♥ it lets see what happens if I save them all but kill him or her and the narratve just wraps around the event so even one tiny choice can ♥♥♥♥ you over for the entire game its a true choice matters kinda game.10/10 am screaming again
76561198063364431,Recommended,460430,33824593,Posted: 26 July,all,Mestev,"Only into chapter 3 so far and enjoying this VN, the voice acting and writing are really well done. If you enjoy a good horror novel and want to try a visual novel for the frist time you can't go wrong with this one. I find it on par with the TellTale Games like The Wolf Among Us,  The Walking Dead, The Walking Dead: Season Two, and Tales From the Borderlands.Though couple notiable differences is being able to back track the dialog but not your actions and the action events times are defintly not perticable which helps to the tension going quite nicely.The shifts in various character veiws as you play through the chapters fills out the characters so just when you think you got them figured out you find there's more to them then you thought. Defintly can't judge a book by it's cover here as intial impressions are not always just so.So far I feel I definatly getting my money's woth for the time this game taking to complete. Enjoying the pacing and the twist & turns as I progress through the novel. Is the curse breakable or not? At this point the novel can go either way and feels like it will work regardless of which ending I come to. But that's still several chapters away and playing it late at night just ups the chill factor.Hope to see work like this in the furture."
76561197991162088,Not Recommended,460430,34230338,Posted: 14 August,all,Towercap,"The Letter is a waste of your time.I came close to giving up on the game because of its pacing. Every chapter you'll go through the same week as a different character. You'll sit through the same cycle of disbelief before all the characters are on the same page again and again.The dialogue is ropey at best, and the writers break the show-don't-tell rule at every point. You won't make is through a single line of dialogue without five times as much words spent on exposition.There's a number of outright weird moments, like the use of a racial slur that fails to draw any criticism from the main characters.99% of the game is a relationship simulator. Horror is sparse, and the ghost doesn't seem to follow any conventions—something that makes the supernatural in other games and media work well. It's just a plot device to progress the lacklustre story along.I played the game through to the end hoping for some large reveal at the end that never came. You learn next to nothing about the ghost (unless you let your character's die, at which point you'll get a flashback to show a bit of the history leading up to the game—an odd design choice, as it punishes keeping the characters alive).If you want a good horror game, this isn't it."
76561198030932356,Not Recommended,460430,34725310,Posted: 3 September,all,Munchkinhooloo,"Hello Steam, welcome to my very first review.DISCLAIMERThis review features my personal opinion, thus you might encounter a concept called disagreement. But fear not, that does not mean that anything is wrong with you, it is a totally natural reaction. In cases of severe disagreement please refrain from flaming, instead downvote this review and state your own opinion in the comments, thank you very much.Where I came fromI read a few other VNs, including the Danganronpa and the Nonary Games series, which I enjoyed very much.Regarding the horror genre I read some stories by Poe and Lovecraft, some of the finest wordsmiths of their respective time and watched a bunch of different horror movies.Oh and don't get me wrong, I'm not loving said VN's for their gameplay elements but for their intricate story.Where I wentAt first I was very intrigued, wondering how the story around the seven protagonists will evolve.Driven by the urge to find out more about the otherworldly presence haunting each and every one of the vastly different characters I read hour after hour growing more excited by the minute.It had me on the edge of my seat many times, building up the tension, increasing the psychological terror and then releasing it by the appearance of the ghost, masterfully presented in stunning CGs, freeezing the blood in my veins.This tense atmosphere persisted for many hours, but somewhere along the way, about halfway through the story it began to loosen the tight grip in which it entangled me thus far.The dialogues grew tedious, the looming horror started to lose its thrill, the occasional jump scare still managed to make my heart skip a beat, but they felt more and more familiar, to similar to their predecessors.But I kept reading, still fascinated by the glorious presentation, which is, like many others stated, the best I've seen in a VN to this day.Graphically stunning, musically beguiling, this VN begged for my attention, this masterfully crafted piece of art.I was longing for the next CG, the beautiful gore I was rewarded with for letting one of my precious characters die, wondering what sublime visual pleasures will await me at the end of this story.And then it occured to me, this wasn't a novel to me anymore, it was just a glorified art gallery, a quite magnificient one without doubt, but the story lost me some time ago.I started to bargain, as one inevitably does experiencing grief, this story could still be saved, this journey is not over yet, the different endings will justify the arduous journey.The journey through repeating scenes viewed from the perspective of different characters, showing but the tiniest nuance of variety.Through mind-bogglingly boring inner monologues.Through dialogues unparalleled in mundanity.So I arrived at the end, with a tiny part of me still hoping that this is the moment to turn this whole thing around, to bring the story back to life, to reward my endurance.That, the first array of endings I encountered, did not, as failed the second to do.But there was still a glimmer of hope, the true ending.Would it be able to finally quench my thirst for closure? Would it in fact prove to be a silver lining?Hope.Hope turned into despair.Where I ended upI expected this VN to have similar depth to Danganronpa or the Nonary Games, but I was deeply disappointed.Maybe I was wrong to anticipate such complex storytelling from a work of fiction inspired by classic horror films, maybe this just isn't the right VN for me, but nonetheless I was so underwhelmed by this game, that I just had to share my experience with you. I hope (here I am, hoping again) my opinion is valued by some of you.tl;dr:Top notch presentation of an overall unsatisfying piece of fiction."
76561198187074929,Recommended,460430,34210953,Posted: 13 August,all,cjforbes99,"So far I've spent over 30 hours on a game I thought would only last me 10 or so. As alot of others have agreed in their reviews this game deserves it's positive rating and more. It's clear the creator/s had a vision for this project, and while it might've not had the best start it certaintly has a strong finish. The voice actors are phenominaly good for their roles and it was nice to be amanda lee in a voice actor role along as the intro singer. ( along with voice actors from Team Four Star being a nice touch )It has a great balance between romance and its horror. The actions of each character plays its part in the story and its not a game that relies purly on jumpscares.That being said it not without some bugs. Missed voice lines and incorrect placement of voicelines. But beyond that I cannot speak Ill will.Last to note is the composure of the music. While all the music provided is perfect and matches the scene almost everytime there's this one bit, played almost everytime anything romantic and heartwarming happens, which warms the heart and makes you forget what game you're playing. It's sad I've been unable to hunt down this song as of yet.If you're a fan of being responible for your actions, of horror, of romance, and of Visual novels this this is most certinaly worth the $20."
76561198051289001,Recommended,460430,34331974,Posted: 18 August,all,bidumb,"The Letter isn't perfect. The art and writing aspects can be improved, the most important aspect being that it needs more editing. It could be more concise and cut down. With that said, the technical flaws can be looked over; I was able to greatly enjoy the game because of the effort and care visibly put into it. There are QTEs, there's animation, and the team even bothered to add a tree branch map for players to look at. The branches get so complex, I can't imagine how long it must've taken to work out the routes. It really does feel like your choices affect the story! The game took me 26 hours to complete one route, I hadn't even expected it to go that long! There are lots of variant endings, so replayability value is high. Considering that and the amount of hours, it's /absolutely/ worth the $20.I also want to add that there's a lot of love put into the characters and relationships. It can be argued, ""This is a horror game and it's taking too long to get to the horror, the drama has no place here,"" but I personally see it as drama/horror than just solely horror. I like character-focused stories, so perhaps this aspect is biased coming from me. I can only say if you like horror and drama, then this is definitely a game to enjoy for you! If you want constant horror and no gradual buildup of relationships, try another game.I sincerely look forward to more games from Yangyang Mobile. That's just how much I enjoyed the game in spite of flaws! Nice work!"
,Recommended,460430,34362133,Posted: 19 August,all,Swaggmuffin,"At first when I bought this game i thought it would be like the zero escape games, but when I started playing I soon realized it wasn't like them, it wasn't better that them but it still very good in its own way with a not linear story that is heavily effected by your choices, very well thought out story but not very scary so much as tense at times 9/10"
76561198409272642,Recommended,460430,34260362,Posted: 15 August,all,angelmae587,It was an amazing game! I would recommend it to anyone that loves choice driven games. The characters were well fleshed out and they added depth and were easy to connect to.
76561198072274890,Recommended,460430,33840270,Posted: 27 July,all,Miss Anonymous,This game is absolutely amazing. It has everything!Horror. Suspense. Relatable characters. Horror. Romance. Voice acting. Gore. Achievements galore. Horror. Humor. Amazing storyline. Multiple P.O.V's. Multiple endings. Amazing music. Animated characters and backgrounds. Atmosphere.  ERRYBODY CAN DIE. Horror. Choices. Hours and hours of game time. Replay value. Horror. Optional QTE's.... Did I mention horror? Now stop lolling about in the review-section and get the game. Nao.Do it. Doooo eeeeeeet. You know you want to.Seriously.Get the game. Get it. Play it. Love it.Your queen commands you.Good. Now go away.
76561198058192691,Recommended,460430,34744596,Posted: 4 September,all,Tasha,"If your looking for a fantastic visual novel where your choices really do matter, then this is the one for you. The choices you make early in the game really set you up for the path you will be taking later in the game. Not to mention that the characters are brillantly written, they feel like real people and you truly begin to cheer for certain characters to succeed and others to fail. The  background music is beautiful, the backgrounds behind the characters are fantastic, the only drawback would be that its easily noticeable that the character images were drawn by different artists and sometimes the characters have the most awkward hands XD. As well sometimes some of the voice lines are missing, but I believe these are being worked on in upcoming patches. Regardless, this game is a must play! My friend and I are 27 hours in and through our first ending, and excited to dive back in to search for the true ending."
76561198000666829,Recommended,460430,33806249,Posted: 26 July,all,Inara Seraph,"I'm only a few hours in but this is an excellent VN. If you're not a fan of horror (I'm not) this still has a story to tell beyond that and the scariest parts (the QTE events) are entirely skippable. There's a strong focus on the characters who are all multi-faceted, interesting individuals. The voice acting is quite good and the production values in general are extremely high for a work of this type."
,Recommended,460430,35484634,Posted: 4 October,all,Gatorsurfer,"The only vn I've had the patience to finish and I'm sure glad I did.I've done 4 total runs looking at different options and endings and I think I'm ready to share my thoughts.Pros+Great characters to either love or hateAn interesting story that brings western and eastern horror togetherThe alternate paths in this game are detailed and worth pursuingThe art style is high quality and holds throughoutNo cheap jumpscaresCons-Some of the endings feel stilted if you don't go for the ""true ending"" (Though I still encourage you to play 1 run blind)The real backstory is hidden behind finding different paths where you get ""memory fragments+/-The voice acting isn't top tier but the voices grew on me after a whileIn conclusionI would encourage any fan of horror or vns to pick up this game, it is a great ride. If you're still not convinced there is a demo that lets you play the first chapter and I would consider trying that."
76561198085744382,Recommended,460430,34240223,Posted: 14 August,all,SNValadez,"Man, oh man, oh man. This game is long as hell and definitely worth the price they're asking just because of the insane 30-plus hours it took me to do one play-through-- and if you want to get the true ending, like me, you will have to do MANY play-throughs.So let's do some simple positives and negatives, right?Positives:1. Far exceeded my expecations visually. The CGs are amazing and often have motion and beautiful music-- but not just the CGs, the characters themselves when they speak and move-- it's all very expressive and well done for an indie developer I've never heard of.2. Many, MANY branching narratives that have effect on later narratives-- and which ending you'll get.3. Voice-acting was SUPERB. Very well-acted, and you can feel the emotion without being forced into it. My goodness, I just finished the first Danganronpa game and found much of the voicework to be cringe-worthy-- but all of this in The Letter was highly appropriate (although Kylie was a little annoying from time to time), and Luke's voice was probably my favorite. His voice actor was very convincing, and I would do a little happy-dance in my seat whenever Luke came on screen because of the distinct way he reads the lines. Simply amazing.4. Soundtrack is also well-composed. I give props to the composer, because without him, many scenes would not have half the intensity. Especially in Luke's story, where he's picking daffodils-- and that eye-opening CG comes up-- that's some of the best music. It felt like something really big was getting revealed.5. Elsie Lovelock! Oh my God! I only know her because of YouTube and her incredible female cover of ""Hellfire"" (which you all should watch if you want to be emotionally wrenched into ""forbidden desire"")-- but I had no idea she'd been recruited for this and I'm glad! Sweetpoffin is extremely talented and deserves the work!Negatives:1. The game is too flipping long, and I mean that in the nicest way possible. Yes, the story has many interesting sections but there's also a LOT of lull, especially when the reader is forced to go back to a scene and read it from a different character's perspective-- and that's another thing!2. There are way too many character narratives. I was pretty much done after Zach's storyline and really had no desire to read Rebecca's-- but the completionist in me trudged on. I really was just yawning throughout most of Becca and Ash's narratives because, like I said, there are interesting points but after a while you can guess a majority of what the section offers and end up skipping or clicking very fast through it because you're waiting for something more interesting (i.e. ghost/curse stuff to show up) and that's just undeserving to the writer(s) who spent so much time on it.3. Probably what most people are curious about is the infamous ""n-word"" scene that makes it's appearance during a certain route in Isabella's chapter.*sigh* I'll tell you all right now, it's almost just inserted for shock value. A little in poor taste simply because the writers/artists don't even show Zach's reaction to the word, like he hears it all the time, (and maybe he does) but since the developers decided to use the word I expect to see some kind of response (whether it's Zach being angry or nonchalant, I really don't care). It just didn't work as well as it could have, since I believe the point was to make Luke look extremely racist.4. Even with the latest patch, spelling and grammar are still not completely addressed. There is much to be fixed.5. QTEs (Quick Time Events) SUCK♥♥♥♥♥ You ever get to the office QTE in Isabella's chapter, skip it. Not worth the headache. Same with the elevator QTE in Ash's chapter. It sucks even harder.6. Ash is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥His character is firmly rooted in reason (hence about a third of the story's conflict) and suddenly gets suspicious about an ""odd woman"" who shows up at the house-warming party? If anything, because Ash is such an advocate for science and realism, he would pass her off as nothing but a weird party guest but oh no! Maybe there is a curse?! Could Isabella be right?! And it's because of Ash's insane hard-headedness that made it seem nearly impossible for him to ever believe in the curse-- which is why I believe the writers themselves realized that more than halfway into production and tried to remedy it by rushing Ash's character into belief based on one (barely) supernatural encounter that wasn't even specifically directed at him. I guess what I'm trying to say is that he's pretty dumb, and all his encounters sort of happen at once (or felt like it), whereas the other characters seem to fall prey to the ghost pretty regularly...and it just doesn't work for me.7. Other plotholes that bothered me.Why is Marianne allowed to live in the dungeons but Zach is brutally murdered in his cell? It doesn't make freaking sense! Obviously Zach is bigger and would have fought hard but no, he's freaking mutilated and has his body parts dragged around to the other narratives and Marianne? Oh, me? I'm perfectly fine! The ghost had me in her clutches but let me live for mere plot convenience! Isn't that swell? I was trapped and cornered just like Zach-- so it's pretty much all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when you get to that point, unless I'm missing something because I haven't found the true ending...but I hightly doubt that.So there it is. As far as I know, no one has found the true ending yet and I really want to know! The game really pulls you in and I did get obsessed, for a time. It's just...it gets old going from one narrative to another and I wish there weren't so many characters, if I'm being honest. I feel like the story could have done away with Rebecca, Ash, and McCollough's narratives and sink their important story bits into the others. It's just way too long, and I'm frustrated that I still don't know the truth about any of it! So, if you have a lot of patience and a fast finger to speed through the boring/annoying parts-- this is the perfect game for you.P.S.""Facemook"" made me snort."
76561198040781560,Recommended,460430,33839574,Posted: 27 July,all,Darkneos 15,"This game is vary good, the art style is amazing to look at that goes for the charecters to. The voice acting is good, the good is there actsent on each charecters. The story is slow but good. The soundeffet are ok."
76561198098970498,Recommended,460430,34025000,Posted: 4 August,all,Mayu ಠ__ಠ,"I have no words, no adjectives great enough to describe this masterpiece of a game.After 20 hours in and having cleared the game for the first time, I haven't even unlocked half of the story yet, and I can't wait to see the rest. To see all the possibilities yet do discover!This game is everything I ever wanted in a horror vn and more. I expected a lot when buying and even then I was blown away. Is it worth the money?And if they charged 60 for this game absolutey yes.Now I could be making a bullet list, and I'm going to, but you basically know what you need to know about this game already;(tl,dr;) if you have ever found enjoyment in horror stories and/or VNs, get this game. Just DO IT.Now on to the list:PROS:+ It's really long.+ Amazing artwork+ Everything moves. The sprites, the background, the CGs.. everything has been 2d animated in a way.+ There is  voice acting and it's really well done.+ The music is very diverse and couldn't be described other than beautiful+ The game is really eerie, and the jumpscares are of the pleasent kind. Predictable enough to not get a heart attack but still too unpredictable to not feel scared every time there's a change in mood.+ This is one of the first vns I have never felt bored at any part of the story+ It is extremly well written.+ The charakters feel like actual humans one can care about+ So many choices!I could go on but I feel like I'd be repeating my points. So, of course nothing is in fact perfect and if you start nitpicking then you *can* find some flaws in this game. I'll list the ones I found:(The ones that may have been patched in the future are marked with a *)CONS:- The art sometimes comes off as weird (especially hands)- it's consitently inconsistent as the sprites, cgs and diary entries all seem to have a different artstyle*- the diary entries sometimes update too fast and if you read them right away (like myself) you'll end up spoilering yourself- the game is too well written at some parts for my tastes. If you're not a native you'll get exhausted from reading very quickly and being well rested and concentrated is a must for this game if you want to catch the story*- the grammar mistakes that occur especially at the end of the game rather often make the point above even worse- some of the characters seem forced and cringy. No, you don't need to remind me that Johannes is gay and german at every occation, he can't even pronounce german words properly.- Some of the charakter voices aren't as good recorded as others. But it's not that bad really.So those are my thoughts on the game. Over all I'll give it a solid                                                                     9.5/10(with that it's probably among the 5 best games I have ever rated for myself)"
76561198009006714,Recommended,460430,34449890,Posted: 23 August,all,Lucifel,"DISCLAIMER: This review is just my first impressions of the game after beating it once and messing around with a few other pathways. I understand there are many, many different ways to “end” the game, but I do think that my critique is still valid. If anything, I really want Yangyang Mobile to succeed and go on to make more amazing games just like The Letter, because honestly, the world could use more quality western visual novels like this, and I believe that Yangyang Mobile has the potential to create great works.!!!ALSO THIS REVIEW HAS SPOILERS OMG!!!Okay, so I’m going to start with what I liked~For starters, the artwork is just...breathtaking.The backgrounds are great, the scenes are great, the characters and animations are great--and while I wasn’t a fan of the whole “semi-realistic anime” style of the characters at first, it started to grow on me the longer I played--though I still prefer the more ""cartoony"" style of the intro and epilogue and sorta wish they would have gone with that instead.The music, while nothing memorable, is pretty good and does its job. There was one song that played during Luke’s chapter that I really liked (during the chat with the maid and during the ballroom scene) and I’d download it if I could. The writing is top-notch. The voice acting is more hit than miss, and I do think they did a pretty good job considering it’s an indie game. And finally, the branching tree system is one of the most innovative I've seen in any game to date, and little choices really do matter, which is a lot more than can be said for other games who have promised as much.That being said, I’m going to talk about what needs improvement.First off, the story…I'm going to be honest--during my first playthrough of The Letter I was bored out of my skull for roughly 80% of the story. It felt like a needlessly long slice of life anime with one overly pleasant interaction after another, only occasionally being interrupted by something creepy that made me go, ""Oh, yeah. This is a horror game..."" The only thing that kept me playing was the overwhelmingly positive Steam reviews, and my desire to figure out what the heck I was missing that everyone else wasn’t, otherwise I would have quit somewhere around Zachary’s chapter.So why the thumbs up? Well, I later found out that I had somehow managed to pull off the “good ending” path where everyone lives on my first try, save for Hannah who died in the house fire (I screwed up on her chapter and she ended up possessed).It wasn’t until my second playthrough that I was able to fully appreciate the amazingly intricate design of the branching tree system and how small decisions greatly shape future chapters, sometimes for better or worse. I remember reading in the game description that my choices determines who lives and who dies, but I never expected one little deviation in my choices during Isabella’s story would result in her gettingbrutally murderedat the end of her own chapter!Suddenly, everything had changed, and the story became A LOT more engaging. THIS is the kind of dread and horror I had been expecting to see when I first started the game. It’s almost unfortunate though, that the path to the “bad ending” is a lot more entertaining than the one we should be aiming for.Anyway, a few more minor complaints include:More showing, less telling. I don’t need to know details like “she gave me a disapproving look” when I can clearly see it on her face. It felt like the descriptive text was constantly throwing off the pacing of the conversations.And speaking of pacing, it was pretty jarring and tedious to replay the same two weeksseven different times. I don’t need to see the same scene play out from multiple different perspectives when none of them really add anything significant. It might have been better to play through the weeks while jumping between multiple characters based on what’s most relevant at that point in time. Or maybe we could just have one character to follow for the whole story (I vote Ash).Zachary, Marianne, and Rebecca's chapters feel unnecessary and more like padding. They’d almost work better as side characters than as playable characters.Some character interactions feel forced for the sake of relationship points, and the dialogue isn’t the most engaging. It would have been nice to have a choice on who we want to get close to instead of having to play through every single scenario with every single character combination.Despite my complaints, I still think The Letter is worth checking out. It's deinitely a labor of love, and Yangyang Mobile deserves way more attention and support. :)"
,Recommended,460430,33801301,Posted: 25 July,all,lisbeths234,"At the moment of this review I am on Chapter 4, I have many things to say about this game. It is absolutely brilliant I just want to keep on playing to see what happens next. I actually want to check out the other paths, the soundtrack is amazing, the acting is top notch and the artwork is absolutely breathtaking. The Cgs were masterfully crafted. When the ghost first popped up I was scared and wanted to get the character  I was playing so far away from it. Play this game, it is worth every penny and I am so excited to see how the story ends. :)"
,Recommended,460430,33921854,Posted: 31 July,all,Gurren-Logout,"Bruh this game is hella long. Like, not even to make all the choices it's still so long. This is a good thing."
,Recommended,460430,33773382,Posted: 24 July,all,Kitsune,"Even though I just started, this game draws you into its world, so much so that even the slightest change in music will freak you out. I cant wait to play more and I am happy to say that I got it the day it came out."
76561198256123928,Not Recommended,460430,34864675,Posted: 10 September,all,zacku.soldier,"This game is just okay. I have played through it three times now to get different endings. I am a big fan of text-based adventure games in general so I was excited to play this one, and it does have a lot of choices that affect the direction of the story, so that's its strong point.It's not scary at all. The ""bad guy"" pops up occasionally to offer up some jump scares, so if you are easily frightened then maybe you will find it horror-like, but that part was really disappointing, particularly since I'm a big fan of Japanese horror films as well. Plus the animation is so cartoony that it detracts from any horror elements that are present.Also, a lot of the story and dialogue is childish and focuses a lot on long rambling internal monologues about what one character thinks about another. I think a preteen might enjoy that kind of thing, but as someone who is nearly 30 I found it really tedious and unnecessary to the story. The creators should have focused a lot more on the horror aspect of this game instead of creating what feel like diary entries to take up more time. It just feels like filler to me.I think if you are 12 and really interested in fictional romances, this game will be perfect for you. Otherwise it is definitely not worth the $20, but the creators have potential and if they can learn to focus on cutting out filler dialogue/story and focus on staying true to their genre, I think they could make something worthwhile."
,Recommended,460430,33923152,Posted: 31 July,all,Badiron,A friend recommended this game to me and I am really glad he did.
,Recommended,460430,34056750,Posted: 6 August,all,Goofy Wacky Waffles,"All I can I say is... Wow. This game is absolutely phenomenal. Stellar story mixed with actual, meaningful decisions. This is something that TellTale offered, but this game actually delivers. It surpassed my wildest dreams in terms of overall content as well, as most VN will take 15 to 16 hours if you run all the routes and get a real grasp for the story. 33 hours in and I'm still finding new content to keep me occupied. I don't get bored due to the fact that each character is double-sided in nature and that you can only see this by running through all the chapters. The characters are fleshed out as well, and their VAs have done a wonderful job (except Ash's weak scream in chapter 1 when he drops his phone, it's a half-hearted scream). However, this game is not without faults. The modal verbs are usually will or I'm instead of something like would or could. You really have to play the game to see it, and it doesn't happen very much in chapter 1, but it gets frustrating to read, especially during the crucial moments. As well, near the end there are some lines without VA that just seem to be there to be there. If you skip them and match them to the next VA line, it'll still make sense though. Other than those problems (as well as using those, this, that, these incorrectly lest I forget to mention), it is a beautifully written and visually stunning VN. 9/10 pending updates, including today's update."
76561197972052573,Recommended,460430,34046671,Posted: 5 August,all,tastethecourage,"I'm around 2 hours in and I am extremely impressed so far.+ Great art & production values+ Good voice work so far+ Convenient save system+ Easy to navigate+ Snappy interfaceI'll change my review later if the game disappoints, but I don't think it is going to. Looking forward to the rest of it."
76561198065788473,Recommended,460430,34100033,Posted: 8 August,all,AwesomeOK1,"PROS:-The OST is amazing and makes the game 10x more engaging/enjoyable. Can't wait for the OST to be released as DLC!-Very impressive butterfly effect - the choices actually feel like they matter and your decisions actually have an impact. I personally think they did a better job than even Telltale-Characters are well-developed. Even characters who I didn't like at first, I grew to like in their respective chapters, when more insight was shed on their personalities and characters and inside thoughts etcCONS:-Needs more scares! The QTEs really make the game scary but there wasn't a lot of those segments. The bulk of the horror in the game comes more from a few CGs here and there, but if you're not good with horror, this is probably a Pro for you. I'm not a horror fan personally but I was almost hoping to get scared more often since it can take a while to actually reach a scary segmentAll in all, still a really good Visual Novel that's lengthy and worth the price (y)"
76561197999687677,Recommended,460430,34731638,Posted: 4 September,all,Mass,"So, you decided to check out my review eh? And a peasant like you chooses to read it - the gall! Sorry, Just channeling my fave character in this VN - Luke Wright.This is only my second review out of my 200+ steam library but I felt I needed to praise this game where it deserves it and also clear up a few misunderstandings.Is this game horror? The overall story is that of 7 people trying to escape a curse, so in terms of story, yes. Note: although the QTE and horror images are well done, they are somewhat few and far between. You will NOT be getting jump scares every few minutes. So if you're a player who just wants action and gore All the Time you will be disappointed.Notice I said gore ""All the Time"" some of the deaths of the characters of which I will not spoil are rather gory indeed!Aside from character dialogue, the rest of the narrative is devoted to descriptions - of the environment - of the characters - especially the characters. The character description concentrates on things like character x flicks her hair to the side, an action seldom seen but under these circumstances character y can't help thinking there's something wrong (this is why I don't write VNs haha).Yes it can be verbose (wordy) at times. Personally I loved it, especially the sometimes coy sometimes aggressive little nuances between the main characters. Again if you came for the horror and not to read a visual novel you will be disappointed.Strengths:Artwork was excellent and some amazing CGs.For the collectors among us plenty of replayability value to get all the epilogues and achievements.Music - some truly beautiful tunes and ones that match the scenes. I play the piano and wish they could release a music score.Voice acting:I notice in the game description that this is only ""optional"". Well I would highly recommend the game with it on. It is incredible. Rather than actors reading lines which the player is perfectly capable reading, the VA in the Letter ADDS to the characters and the game so much that I would always wait until the VA had finished speaking before clicking on. So with that in mind:Length:It took me 26 hours to run through the game once. It has so many branching paths that replaying the game is a must. So the rest of my play time has been spent replaying and trying to unlock all the achievements and endings.Can't wait until the next patch as a couple of epilogue endings are currently (04/04/2017) bugged.Room for improvement:While the epilogue pictures are fine, the characters in them seemed a little too different visually from the game. Different art style I know but it took me a while to recognise them.Overall: One of the best VN I've ever played."
76561198045023807,Recommended,460430,34732397,Posted: 4 September,all,Aelyanne,Great game
,Recommended,460430,34745542,Posted: 4 September,all,Jigglypuff,"This visual novel is amazing! Best one I've played so far.-Amazing voiceovers (accents on point, I've really enjoyed the fact that it made characters feel so special)-Detailed characteristics, amazing artstyles <3 (although sprites have eyes too close to each other)-This horror truly made me feel bad for loosing a character, and thinking over my decisions carefully..(Zach, my sweet baby, how in the hell did I let him die ;;)-Animation, even the fact that you see them breathe makes you kind of uncomfortable. Animated scarejumps were fantastic, amazing work! Makes me feel like I want to create something alike to it myself."
,Recommended,460430,33818257,Posted: 26 July,all,Virtuoso,"SCARIEST VISUAL NOVEL EVER. Literally got scared by the phone popping up on the screen , that's how amazing the ambience and sounds are , about 6 hours in and still in chapter 1 , Im so excited to finish this , I'm also recording this playthrough so if you're interested and want to get a glimpse of it before purchasing/and or just want to watch you can watch it here.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClNY2J4UM0bYLVmZ1BftVBw"
,Recommended,460430,33850139,Posted: 28 July,all,Raenef,"This game is amazing.I'm a bit more than half way of my first playthrough and I'm sure I'm going to keep loving it till the very end.I've played many VNs but none with the amount of polish this game has. From the animation to the story to the voice acting, it's all done superbly. And at 20$, its worth way more than its priced at.If you enjoy horror then I highly recommend this game!"
76561198087192267,Recommended,460430,33912340,Posted: 30 July,all,spyroxokami,"Beautiful and haunting, The Letter knows how to keep you at the edge of your seat without being too overwhelming. I find myself wondering and fretting over my choices because they do a good job of having an effect on the story."
76561198413339570,Recommended,460430,34385673,Posted: 20 August,all,reliantcain,"This game is definitely a steal for the price. The dialogue is interesting and kept me entertained the whole way through. One thing that I didn't like was how much padding there was. If the characters were talking about not telling a specific character something, there were about 15 other lines detailing that same exact thing. The game is humorous and yet horrifying, with the quick time events often being unexpected and shocking you, and if you AREN'T ready, death is the result. No worries though! Dying in a QTE doesn't force you back to a previous save, and lets you retry as many times as you'd like. The option to turn them off is there though! If QTEs aren't your cup of tea, they can be skipped using TAB, or turned off entirely in the settings panel at the bottom right corner of the screen. You can play as 7 different characters, all with intertwined stories. The choices you make in one route will TOTALLY influence everything else that happens. You never feel as though a choice you made doesn't impact the story in a meaningful way.If you enjoyed The Grudge, you'll love this game. I'd give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,460430,35064887,Posted: 19 September,all,Secrios,"This game is nothing short of a masterpiece. A tale with many branches with many details. Filled with high quality voice actors and polished visuals. The story prospers on scale alone. All the characters are likeable as well even Luke. Makes you wish this horror game didn't have any deaths.Spoilers, Luke in spite of all his dastardly deeds, is one of my favourite characters. He is one of the most complicated characters I ever had the pleasure of reading about. The look he gives when he betrays everyone is priceless. Props to his voice actor for emoting every line that slides through his lips.I wish the best of luck for this company's future games. I hope the letter get's referenced in their other works as easter eggs. I wouldn't mind seeing an enchanted mirror with Luke's voice in it or a creepy asylum with Isabella in the corner somewhere.10/10 Would lock you in a house again!"
76561198061485502,Recommended,460430,34386288,Posted: 20 August,all,oatmomo163[TH],One of the best Visual Novel i've ever played.
,Recommended,460430,34694391,Posted: 2 September,all,Aay-Chan,"If you like horror.... anything... buy it.I'm jaded as hell and it's already scared the crap outta me a couple of times.It can be a slow burn at times but it's worth it, and I havn't even finished it yet.10/10 would jump scare again"
,Recommended,460430,33845493,Posted: 27 July,all,painterskies,"It's halfway through 2017, so this is already on my list for my personal favorite games of the year.The English voice acting is SO good, the background art/asset art/character model art looks stunning not to mention the characters are AMAZINGLY fleshed out and their pasts and backgrounds and occasionally their race and sexuality are explored flawlessly, the game's soundtrack adds to the mood of the scenes instead of distracting or overwhelming, the story is a nice mix of terrifying and touching and interesting... I could sing this game's praises for DAYS.Bottom line: If you adore games like the Zero Escape series or Until Dawn, enjoy horror films, or even are interested by horror/thriller/spooky things, plus you love good storytelling and visual novels, you'll LOVE this game.I'm on Chapter 5 out of 7 (I've rushed a bit through it because I'm always DYING to know what happens next), but I'm definitely planning to play through a second/third time and make different choices to try to get more achievements and unlock more story paths. I honestly picked up this game the day it released thinking it'd make for a fun thing to play in my free time, but it's got me hooked and obsessed and I am SO happy I picked up this gem. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,460430,33803090,Posted: 26 July,all,Cap'n Mudkip,"Well I don't know what to say but wow... This visual novel was amazing. The artwork is amazing. When you start playing this it feels like a new show you found and can't stop watching it. I really do like it, hell I love this game even though I'm only on chapter 5. Of course there is something I didn't like about, it was the lack of mini game (at least thats what I call it). In chapter 1 they had ""press z to get out the room"" and ""press space on the red so you won't die"" I wish they had more ""mini games"" but even though it forgot about it, I think at least, I haven't passed chapter 5 yet, it's still an amazing visual novel and one hell of a trip and I highly recommend this visual novel to you, I mean if you like sweet yet frighting tale.I would give ""The Letter"" 9/10.(Just if you're interested, I have 17 hours into the game, and finally finished it at 15 hours in. Right now I'm just trying to get the TRUE ending and I went a different route in the story, and it feels fresh, almost like a different story but yeah.... this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing long and I ♥♥♥♥ing love it)(btw Tio Luke is an amazing character and he is probably my favorite character, if not Tio Luke then it's probably Tia Hannah or Ash-Hole, just saying)"
76561198340787350,Recommended,460430,33802377,Posted: 25 July,all,Six,It's hard to complete the memory fragments. 6/8142 Achievements and Counting. :))
76561198211804239,Recommended,460430,34045019,Posted: 5 August,all,Bro,"Beautiful voice acting, excellent art, and very unique gameplay! 10/10 would scream againalthough some games weren't as exciting and frightening as others, still had a great time screaming with my friend!"
,Recommended,460430,33962939,Posted: 1 August,all,Ellixer,"I picked up the game not expecting a whole lot. It's a Western Visual Novel with what seems to be a load of cliche tropes and characters. I'm glad I bought it. The Letter manages to make every overused elements of a typical horror story works and on top of that it brings to the table a degree of character building I wasn't expecting. Short version is this: This is an excellent Horror Visual Novel, and if you remove the Horror part, it's an excellent Visual Novel as well.The premise is perhaps not the most innovative. Haunted mansion. Cursed object. A sizable cast of distinctive characters. A creepy the ring-esque monster woman. The Letter has all the makings of another Horror Story 101, and indeed if it was a film there may not be anything entirely unique about it. What makes the Letter stands out is in its outstanding presentation. The game uses the format of a Visual Novel to make the story much more engaging than it theoretically has any right to.One of the more impressive element of the game is its cast of characters. A large number of characters isn't entirely new in horror movies. After all, to raise tension, people have to start dying. Characters in a horror story then are often there for practical purpose. Sometimes they're given more depth. Sometimes they serve their purpose and get off the stage. On the surface, this is potentially the case with the Letter. Any character can die. But simply because this is a Visual Novel, their death hold much more meaning. The reason is simple: You are forced to spend hours in their shoes before their potential death. You have to get a handle on their personality and mindset, and then you have to get to know them as people, know their hopes and aspirations, fears and insecurities. Because you get to know them as people first, knowing you could potentially end this person's life just by choosing wrong is harrowing in a way that no passive medium like films or books can manage. The Letter has no protagonist. No one has the plot armor. If your character reaches an ending where they die, the story moves on without them, and the story branches appropriately. The game took me approximately 14 hours to complete the first time, but because very choice have an impact of some kind, the game feels much more dynamic despite being in a way more linear than most visual novels. There is a specific end point you will reach, but the staggering variations you can take to get there as well as the number of possible outcomes after the game finishes mean that your playthrough feel much more personal and involving than it would in most other visual novels. The Letter is perhaps the best example I know of where pseudo-linearity is done so masterfully it trumps branching pathways.Supplementing this are the characters themselves. They are a diverse bunch with more depth than I expected at first glance. Despite what I had suspected, I enjoyed every chapter, each of which is from the perspective of one of the seven playable characters. Despite being marketed as a Horror Visual Novel, I personally find the character building aspect of the story more engaging than the horror aspect, and the horror aspect as I said is rather excellent. On top of this, their relationship is a joy to watch. I find myself unabashedly excited when I see two characters interact for the first time, knowing their differences will make for a spectacle. Other times, seeing an interaction from one character's perspective before seeing the same interaction from the other character's point of view does wonders in illuminating both their circumstances and points of view. The Letter may not be the first Visual Novel to do this, but it's certainly the one that made me wish this was done a lot more in this medium.The game is very impressive in term of Production Value as well. The sound effect is appropriately creepy when it needs to be. The soundtrack sets the mood competently even if it may not be very memorable. The voice acting is a joy to listen to (though I can't attest to how authentic the accents are, I do find them terribly entertaining, especially Luke's). The CGs are beautiful or harrowing. The static sprites are expressive and generally excellent. The animated sprites and backgrounds help make the game looks more dynamic than almost any other game of this genre. The Letter looks and sounds much better than most other visual novels on the market right now and it's doubly surprising considering this is Yangyang Mobile's first game on Steam.In my personal playthrough, I encountered a couple of minor technical hiccups. The Story Branch function does not work for Chapter 7. There are rare instances when dialogue are not accompanied by any voice acting at all, or when the written dialogue does not entirely match up with what the character is saying. There are also one or two minor typos here and there, but rare enough that I never thought to keep count. These are incredibly minor problems however, and are completely overshadowed by the otherwise impressive technical feats the game has accomplished. Since the Letter is quite new as of the time I finished the game, it's likely the developer will iron these out in time.I do have two main criticisms for the game, and both have to do with the ending. Firstly, I personally find the climax unsatisfying. There are two endings the average players will likely encounter, and let's just say even the achievement seems to be aware of how ridiculously anti-climatic they are. There is a True Ending, and while it is somewhat less of an anti-climax, I personally think that the story did not build up to this path enough for the story to conclude satisfactorily. Furthermore, even the true ending leaves several questions unanswered. I enjoy the variations you can achieve in the Epilogue, but considering of how impressive the rest of the game is, the fact that they are still, uncolored images narrated by a dozen or so lines of text for each character leaves me thinking they could have put a tad more effort into them. The other criticism I have is in the nature of the True Ending itself. I personally believe that the existence of a True Path reduces meanings from all other paths. Sometimes, this is necessary. For the Letter, I am on the fence on whether it is. Furthermore, achieving the True Ending is incredibly unintuitive. To avoid spoilers, I'll only say that you have to do several things that most players would consider ""failing."" It is interesting for a Visual Novel to force the player to go against their instinct as a player, but as far as I know (and there's a chance I'm wrong), there is very little to indicate what you need to do and why you need to do these things to achieve the True Ending other than trial and error.Still, these problems are only a small portion of the entire story, and they do very little to distract from how impressive the rest of the game is. Long story short, the Letter is an excellent Visual Novel that uses its medium to greatly enhance both its horror elements and character building. On top of that, it looks and sounds impressive and should be seen just to see how much you can do to make the format of the medium fresh again. If you are a fan of horror stories or Western Visual Novels in general, I would strongly recommend picking up the Letter."
76561198358111286,Recommended,460430,33916222,Posted: 30 July,all,beybladeking99999,A very beautiful game and lovable characters and music. Has a decent number of scares and a lot of moments to keep you on your toes. Can't wait to see more games like this from the company
,Recommended,460430,34048516,Posted: 5 August,all,PunchySporkk,"I really like horror, but I'm usually too much of a chicken to play horror games.  I loved The Letter, but now I have to sleep with a nightlight on.Pros:-characters are diverse and have unique personalities-playing as all those different characters kept things fresh-able to greatly affect character relationships including various romance pairings-the variety of quicktime events (QTE or minigames) kept things fresh-the ability to skip the QTE that I sucked at-ANIMATIONS!  Okay don't get too excited, it's not really animated, but the sprites move so much more than I'm used to and felt really alive compared to other games-that slap sound effect-slow unveiling of history kept me invested in replaying for new ending variations-nothing is black and white-the creepy creepy noises-best english voice acting I've ever heard in an indie vn (though some accents are a bit off, the acting is spot on)-pathing chart makes for a handy (and mostly spoiler free) guide-scared me half to death!Cons:-while always easy to understand, the writing sometimes switches to past/present incorrectly (gets worse later in game)-some variations were really minor and not being able to skip them got boring after a few playthroughs-I couldn't romantically pair a couple that I wanted to-I'm still not entirely sure what the hell is going on (though I've heard rumors of a potential prequel that would explain a lot YES PLEASE!)-I am a fully grown woman and I am now afraid of the dark!I play a ton of visual novels and this game does a lot of things that I find really innovative.  The almost animation of sprites, playing from different perspectives, watching all the pieces slowly trickle into place.  The QTE and animation add tension and occasional button mashing panic.  As much as I loved the story, it's even more impressive from a technical point of view.tl;dr-  If you like horror and ever had even a passing interest in visual novels, then I highly recommend this game.  There's more game to it than most VNs, but it's still skippable for those who just want to read.  The many virtues vastly outweigh the few flaws.  If you're still not quite convinced, then toss it on your wishlist and wait for a sale because this is a game worth playing!"
76561197968542974,Recommended,460430,34017359,Posted: 4 August,all,mchlk,"Great game. It's actually more than a visual novel as it has choices that heavily influence the flow of the story. It has a lengthy and exciting story, lots of locations and characters, great music and sound fx. It's also completely voiced."
,Recommended,460430,34009820,Posted: 3 August,all,Kitsunin,"I feel I'm far enough into this to at least comment on whether it was worth the money -- heck yes! It's extremely well written with great characters and at least seemingly, pretty meaningful decisions and branching paths. It's nearly impossible to quit, and I'm excited to see where it goes."
76561198138212465,Recommended,460430,33985590,Posted: 2 August,all,Chronos Rose,"I only write reviews for games I really loved or particularly disliked. I typed up a review earlier but accidentally clicked away so...Your decisions actually matter! They're serious about the domino/butterfly affect. They will lead to many different endings, not like two or three endings many games have.The Letter is influenced by Asian horror which is more psychological and conceptual, rather than resorting to cheap jumpscares.It is fully voiced with animated sprites, you could really tell the devs put care and effort into it. Cut them slack on grammar mistakes because they're not native speakers, and they're fixing them anyway.The true ending actually takes brainpower to reach (probably won't get it the first time) and you will need to try different paths to uncover the history of the ghost.Great game if you like horror, mystery, and visual novels."
,Recommended,460430,34104703,Posted: 8 August,all,Leaf,"Overall I am half way through but thats where you can't really spoil much in a review but instead give some insight to those who want to pick this up.Story: The story is about a chain letter in which the first playable character and my favourite Isabella picks up and unknowingly sentences her friends to unrelenting nightmares and a hell to come. That is all I can say without spoiling it in the overall sense. In terms of the way the scares come out, its pretty creepy and often you'll find a normal situation suddenly without music and thats when the heart rate speeds up, where is it coming from now?Gameplay: The relationship system is very hard to handle as when you say one thing thinking youll gain positive with someone you get negative, although this adds twists to the game I dislike not being able to pick my own path. There are mini games in which you can play or skip which sometimes fustrate you but at other times add extreme tension like the completely pitch black room one with the camera... Very creepy.Art: The art is beautiful although the blushing potraits look as though the characters havent had sleep in three years. The CGs are quite beautiful and the backgrounds are well done.Overall I would give this a 8/10 when compared to CLANNAD or other masterpiece visual novels but when compared to English Visual novels or horror ones it would be a 10/10. There is so many different paths and its hard to choose what route you will go down."
76561198061165729,Recommended,460430,33985006,Posted: 2 August,all,UguuMeredith,"So first thing's first--I haven't played the game to its full extent BUT I have finished my first playthrough. As a visual novel, it was fantastic--I love Isabella and Ashton and Zachary and more than anything I love the LGBT representation woven into the game. Each character has a deep backstory that really plays into the game and makes you feel for them. The voice acting, art, and soundtrack are phenomenal. I really, really love this game.That being said, if you're looking for a strict ""horror"" genre visual novel then this is probably not the game for you. Are there some disturbing, grotesque images of death and carnage? Yes. Just as I was trying to do a different playthrough today I had to witness Isabella get absolutely obliterated by a car. Do we have a ghost? Yes! However, ""The Letter"" plays off of a lot of horror movie cliches--we've got a spooky, abandoned mansion whose original owners mysteriously died. Lots of urban legends surround it. It just went up on the market! Someone buys it and is surprised that it's haunted. And there's a mysterious chain letter that ties everyone into the curse. Don't get me wrong, this isn't necessarily a bad thing! In fact, the game plays off of these very well! But if you're looking for intestines on the walls and jumpscares that make you wet yourself, then this is not for you. If you're going for a more psychological horror game merged with a dope anime, you've come to the right place.What also was interesting was that the game is broken into seven chapters. Each chapter focuses on the POV of one of the seven main characters--Isabella, Hannah, Zachary, Rebecca, Ashton, and Luke. This was really cool. REALLY cool. Reading each character's thoughts and feelings on a situation really envelops you in the story, and each character is written uniquely according to his or her personality. It was fantastic--but here's my two cents on it.Of all the characters to end the game on, WHY Luke? Maybe it was just the choices I made and how I just got a very standard ending in my first playthrough, but... why? To put it bluntly, Luke is the biggest jerk in the whole game. He is racist, narcissistic, and at the end of the game when I was in the heat of the moment it felt like Luke did everything he could to diffuse the building tension in the worst possible way. I understand he's selfish and has an ""every man for himself"" attitude, but his anger and refusal to listen and pay attention to the other people around him made me want to bash my head into my keyboard. All the other chapters certainly made up for it, but still.One other thing I'd like to address is that some of the audio files for certain lines of dialogue were either absent or read incorrectly, and this became much more prevalent at the end of the game. It may just be a glitch or a bug but it was still sort of jarring to be emotionally invested in a scene and then hear just dead silence when another character is supposed to say something.The QTE were nigh impossible at some points but that's probably why they're called ""quick-time events""--you have the option to skip them though, which is nice sometimes but it made me feel like I was missing out. Basically, git gud.Overall, though, The Letter is freaking fantastic. I'd recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun new VN to play. I think it's getting horribly overshadowed by Dream Daddy (no shade to Dream Daddy) and I would love to see more people fall as much in love with this game as I did. Please, play this game! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,460430,33851060,Posted: 28 July,all,Reversable Mutation [Ω],"As i am writing this i am on chapter 3.This visual novel is really great,unique from others.What i like the most is Animated backgrounds and Voice acting.Voice acting was a lot better than i expected.Also i played 3 hours and still haven't finished Chapter 1 so it is likely to be pretty long adventure.Achievements also say of replay value in this novel.There are relationship status and also branch tree although i would strongly recommend againstlooking into branch tree until you completely finished all chapters.Would recommend it with pleasure!"
,Recommended,460430,34403608,Posted: 21 August,all,Taz,Will add review later after game completion
,Recommended,460430,33783508,Posted: 25 July,all,TysonL,love the game and art style. it's a very long game too!
,Recommended,460430,33916922,Posted: 30 July,all,Werewoof,"While I am not yet done with the game, I am absolutely loving it. The way your choices influence the story draws me in a lot- and the story itself is one of interest. There are a few small gramatical errors here and there, but nothing to put you off. The cast is diverse and everyone clearly has their own personality with depth to it. This game has an art style that in their sprites may remind of games such as DanganRompa while makung it it completely their own. The music is just a delight! I am so glad I picked this up for myself.Honestly, if you are a fan of apooky tales and visual novels do pick this up"
76561198393413474,Recommended,460430,33937720,Posted: 31 July,all,kmsharpe,"Ugh, this is so good. If you are stuck trying to decide whether it's worth the money, do yourself a favor and buy it. Many hours of gameplay, high replay value, good story, decent voice acting, multiple points of view, AND subtle but profound character development. Total package, one of the best visual novels I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,460430,33920528,Posted: 30 July,all,Personalife,"It's been only 5 mins into the game and I am impressed - out of the saturated sea of visual novels on Steam, this one has some pretty damn good writing, high quality art and animations, sound fx that pop and grapple at you during scary moments and interesting gameplay.I want to point out the scares - they're well done and not cheap at all - I've never went gahhhh in a VN before and this one is the first.What I like about the writing is it's to the point so far; it does not waste words. The characters seem to be somewhat intelligent and doesn't play into VN tropes (yet). It also seems to feature a strong cast of women as well that can carry their own.If you're coming from the Nonary Game series, Cinders, or Solstice, I have a feeling you'll enjoy this one as well.Considering Root;double was around $50, this game is a steal at it's current $20 price point assuming the story is just as long."
76561198029815841,Recommended,460430,34282806,Posted: 16 August,all,Nemissarion,"Brilliant voice acting, well written, with fantastic visuals, pacing, and choices. Fun quick time events and genuinely chilling jump scares add spice to the interwoven tale with likeable characters. Watch a lets play of the first 30 mins / 1 hour, and if you love it, grab it :)"
76561198390725233,Recommended,460430,33952906,Posted: 1 August,all,lunaart.val,"This is one of the best visual novel games I have ever seen. I've been watching playthroughs of it on youtube, but this game has so many possbilities I just had to have it for myself. I couldn't get enough of it, and I had to know the rest of the story! I bought this game over ""Dream Daddy"", no regrets. The animation is lovely, the voice acting is cools and the chapters are so long. Thank you to everyone who worked on this, I hope this game gets more publicity!"
76561198109873404,Recommended,460430,34028389,Posted: 4 August,all,Motivatedcar020,"Amazing game. The game gives you everything it has promised and so much more. Unlike many horror games that utilizes jump-scares and cheeses, the game does a great job of building the pretense and the story to really convey the horror to the player. Also, the game offers many branching choices that lead to drastically different plots and varying endings, and it can take hours to explore all the content the developers offer. There are seven characters you play as that you will be able to relate and empathize with during the play through, and no character fills too cliche or shallow.  Be prepared to do a lot of reading but the story is really really worth it. Will definitely recommend."
,Recommended,460430,34067043,Posted: 6 August,all,The Official Goat,"I saw a short video from someone playing the game. Got interested and bought it myself.  The voice acting is pretty nice, and I like it. Story wise it's also great and that opening is amazing. I haven't played much myself yet. Hell, I haven't even finished the first chapter yet.What I did notice is that when I started up the file, the game saves were gone. I should back it up yourself if I were you :/"
,Recommended,460430,34149584,Posted: 10 August,all,★【Loki】,"Visual novels are a bit of a gamble. Many of them are too slow-paced, have too much useless monologue.I've found The Letter has just the right amount of everything. Above everything else, I enjoyed playing it for the beautiful story it weaved with the presented choices and rippling butterfly effect. The characters are charming, unique and playing as them allows you to grow attatched to every single one of them - and perhaps see things from a different perspective, too.While it has its creepy, scary moments, I think what really makes it stick out is the very real risk of losing characters that you have grown to know, and see the aftermath of your choices unfold. It tugs on your heartstrings, it makes you worry and feel for them - and that is why I would heartily recommed this game to all those who enjoy a well-written, eerie story.I would absolutely love to see more like this from Yangyang Mobile in the future!"
76561198053190183,Recommended,460430,33867593,Posted: 28 July,all,Amber7Angel,"I was really excited while waiting for this game to come out back when it was on kickstarter. I supported this game since following yang yang mobile's twitter account. And I can say it was worth the wait.The story I can say makes me feel like alice in wonderland, you don't know where your going when making choices and every chapter was an adventure on it's own. Which I enjoy the butterfly effect in these kinds of games(like until dawn and life is strange). The art I can say was indeed breath taking. Each CG's felt like a painting in a museum. I also love the fact that the backgrounds and CG's move a bit, which you don't see a lot in visual novels(at least some I have read before). I love how it brings life to game. And goodness, do not get me started on the soundtrack and sounds in the game. They were both pleasing to the ears and bone chilling with horror.I think the only flaws I had with the game would be the slightly hard QTE's which could be just me not used to playing on the laptop(But it's not a bad thing when the QTE's are hard and makes you want to try harder at beating it) and a few voice errors here and there(like no one saying their line when talking or saying something else while it didn't match to what was being said on the message box). There's was even one part when someone said 'Thank you, Zach' which the message box said [Thank you, Marianne].But other then that, I enjoy the game over all. 9/10 for this game!"
,Recommended,460430,34026684,Posted: 4 August,all,spengbobe,"TL;DR: This is a good game, especially for its price tag. You should definitely give it a chance if you enjoy games with Horror/VN/Anime genres. I'drate this game an 8/10.----Disclaimer: This reviewcontains two very minor spoilers. Skip these if you'd like to go incompletelyblind (apart from reading thisotherwise spoiler-freereview, of course).Sidenote: Ipurposely left out the story in the pros and consof my review. Since this is a visual novel—meaning that the story isheavilydependent on the decisions that the player makes—and considering the fact that I'veonly finished my first playthroughas of writing this review, I found it appropriate to do so.-I bought this game because I was bored of the usual stuff I play, and decided to try something else. And boy, am I glad I did.I wasn't expecting too much from this at first, since I've had quite a lot of disappointments coming from independent developers as of late, however, this game piqued my interest; mainly because of itsHorrortag. I've seen plenty of playthroughs of Horror games, but never actually played one myself before, because I'm a giant ♥♥♥♥♥. Watching the anime ope—I mean,trailer—didn't help contain my curiosity, either. So, I decided to give this VN a go.Going in completely blind, IpressedNew Game—already ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants by doing so, damn it—andstarted playing. It took me a few hours to realize that I haven't stopped playing yet. Since then, I've been playing it almost non-stop, whenever I had the time. I've been truly captivated by this game.Pros:Great voice acting; even the characters who only had a few lines. Typically, I'm not a fan of English dubs, but I think they did a very good job nonetheless.Amazing soundtrack; does a stellar job at encapturing the emotions of certain scenes and setting the tone for the situations at hand.Beautiful art/CGs; very polished, with fluid animations.Tasteful horror aspects; no cheap or predictable jumpscares, and sometimes very subtle. They did a great job at building up tension and creating eerie atmospheres, without overdoing it.Well-rounded characters; every character has something likeable about them, plenty of backstory, and is unique in at least one way or another.Interesting setting; not necessarily anything new, but it's definitely more than just '7 people in a haunted mansion'.Cons:Dialogue bugs; on rare occasions, some voice lines are either missing, mixed up, or don't match the written dialogue. This can sometimes be a bit confusing, or make you lose the immersive experience, if only for a moment.Grammatical/spelling errors; there are some every now and then. Most people might not be bothered by most of these, but it sometimes makes you repeat a sentence before continuing.I'm writing this review after only just finishing my first playthrough, but I can definitely recommend this game to any Horror VN enthusiast. If you're new to visual novels in general, but enjoy playing anything Horror and/or Anime related, I can also recommend you to give this a try. It's well worth the 20 (18, in my case) bucks you spend on it.Oh, and by the way,Ashton's ringtone is the best thing since sliced bread.Final verdict: A solid8 out of 10."
,Recommended,460430,33872493,Posted: 28 July,all,IG.Arteezy,"A lot of storytelling, a lot of character development, and a lot of minor details. Most of importantly, a lot of spooks. All of the above contribute to an awesome story. The storytelling is told through different characters of the same events which made it more interesting to follow. I made a mini youtube playlist of me playing the game. Check it out if you like to, and enjoy if its possible :D.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWurVx_1o_Q&t=284s"
,Recommended,460430,33851600,Posted: 28 July,all,~ K R A F T ~ P U N K ~,just starting chapter 4. most fun I have had playing a vn in awhile.
,Recommended,460430,33812148,Posted: 26 July,all,Leet,Played the game for quite a time. All potential waifu died. 10/10 will play again.
,Recommended,460430,34916722,Posted: 13 September,all,katiesoto96,This was my first horror VN game and I'm glad that I played it. I've been wanting to try this game out because I've seen other people play and I was curious. Overall this game was great and I like the story concept.
,Recommended,460430,33802113,Posted: 25 July,all,WaWa Mania,"Great Atmospheric Horror NovelReally recommend this to those whose bored playing action, and just want to know more about the story linehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKDqzMkIkvo"
76561198108750081,Recommended,460430,34161617,Posted: 10 August,all,Cozmoloton,"A very well made VN with in depth characters, great voice acting, stunning artwork, and a pleasurable soundtrack that really captures the emotion almost akin to playing a Final Fantasy installment.The time line was handled extraordinarily well with no hiccups. This was honestly one of the best features and was used wonderfully to develop very real and believable characters along with providing a full and very satisfying story.This is now my favorite VN that I have played, and if this is going to be the level of quality  to be had from future games from this developer, then I will definitely be looking out for their next game.-------------------------------------------------TO THE DEVELOPER---------------------------------------------------------As I was playing I did find some things that should be addressed, but since the game is pretty long (and I am definitely NOT complaining about that) I will not be able to provide every specific instance rather I will still let you know some of the  discrepancies, albeit not game breaking, that you should look into.-Most notably, some of the lines that were meant to be voice acted, did not have the va audio with them along with a few recordings saying something different than what was written for the subtitle in a few parts,-There were some spelling errors here and there, and maybe some commas missing from sentences where they should probably be.-There were a couple of times that subtitles repeated itself: one in Ash's arc where part of the sentence looked like it was accidentally copied and pasted after the end of the sentence, and another in Luke's arc i believe where some of the lines repeated themselves.- I would also update the artwork to reflect the changes such as the weather changes during the storm and when a character is described as having a different appearance, such as with Marianne during the later part of the story (hopefully that is understandable as i don't want to give any spoilers)-There is a journal entry in Rebecca's arch that i believe to be out of order. I don't remember the exact day, but I think it was during one of her time in the school and I think the entry was placed after and event that did not happen yet that day.-near the end Luke brought up Marianne's whereabouts as if he actually knew. I'm  not sure if this was meant to imply that he did or if it was just an accident.-There may be a bug with the title screen after completing the game. I could not click on the Gallery or the Extras, until i exited the game and started it up again. Even then, I was able to get to the Gallery, but after trying to get to the Extras, it would just take me to the Gallery.I really am sorry I could not be more specific with some of these, but I really do hope this helps. This is out of pure love for this game, and I really want to see it at it's best."
,Recommended,460430,34850500,Posted: 9 September,all,NguRiki,"Beautiful story, beautiful animation, art music, everything about this game just makes me enjoy it more! Its defentinately worth the price you have to pay for it and the developers are constantly working on improvements!I recommend picking up a copy if you can!"
,Recommended,460430,35069397,Posted: 19 September,all,chanlyeya,"This game was wonderful. The QTEs fit the situations well, and the story-telling was gorgeous—a different voice for every character's POV, and acknowledging your earlier choices throughout, not just at the very end of the game. The characters were lovable, and relatable. Overall, I highly recommend getting the game; it's well worth the price :D"
76561198169075483,Recommended,460430,33790765,Posted: 25 July,all,suzanneho_6564,"ok 22 hours into the game and 118 achievement and still a long way to go, you will be surprised with how the story develops, the story gets more and more interesting every try . . ."
76561198026234938,Recommended,460430,33787817,Posted: 25 July,all,Bubbleknight,"This game! It's what I've been waiting for! A horror story with multiple paths to end. All voice acted so it's like watching a movie! 40 minutes in and I was HOOKED!Pros:- Beautiful artworks- Rich Story- All voice actedCons:- It takes a while to develop the story- My voice commenting... not on par with them ><If you like playing a story on a nice day, this is the game for you! The complete first 40min of gameplay:https://youtu.be/5j4G_h♥♥♥9c. I did the best commentary as I could, but I'm just not on par with the voice actors! Hopefully I can get better as the story goes.-BubbleKnight"
76561198046476516,Recommended,460430,34086393,Posted: 7 August,all,Phantasm,Quite scary. Far better than I expected from a horror game delivered with visual novel.
76561197998654391,Recommended,460430,34132166,Posted: 9 August,all,Francis York Morgan,Amazing VN. Loved every character even ones i dreaded to play. They are just all so well written and intresting. Over all 9/10  its not perfect but its damn close
76561198118598705,Recommended,460430,34147732,Posted: 10 August,all,nightxninja911,I absolutely love this game. Replaying it from the beginning to try and get the rest of the endings.
76561198104329062,Recommended,460430,33999311,Posted: 3 August,all,Zombie Muffin,"I didn't get outright as much as I had expected, but what I did get I absolutely loved. Whatever I can say about it would only do it a diservice as  I'd have no way to properly express my thoughts on this game, but I will say that I will be keeping an eye on whatever the creators decide to do in the future.. And I'll be more than happy to see more of this game."
76561198213359933,Recommended,460430,34021184,Posted: 4 August,all,Anoldanimefan,"My goodness, this is quite an interesting game! I am hooked."
76561198031023468,Not Recommended,460430,34328618,Posted: 18 August,all,Nat'ali,"After seeing all theses positives reviews I was like ""wow that seems awesome I can't wait to try this game."" and well I can't recommend it or at least I can't say it's perfect like all other reviews because there was too many things that, I think, were bad and maybe you need to know about them before considering buying this game.TL;DR:When I saw HORROR visual novel I was expecting well, horror, fear, monsters and it was ... 15% of the game.Yep you read correctly, at least thank god there aren't a jumpscare every minute but for every scary scene which last 2 minutes in the game you will have to endure 1h of boring dialogue/exposition. sometime it's interesting but most of thetime it's soooo annoying !I saw a review saying that unlike other visual novel this one was cool because it was nice balanced between exposition and action and I was like REALLY ? DID WE PLAY THE SAME GAME ?First:The voice acting is cool. Like really nice, the voices really match the characters.The drawings are nice too when it's about places and objects BUT the characters look really bad sometimes.They are animated like they were floating or something and they have such weird proportion (especialy Zack the taller of them all who look like he has been compress to enter the screen when you talk to him.)The chara design is... inexistant. I mean The characters have faces but their cloth are so simple or weird  (what the ♥♥♥♥ is Ashton supposed to look like ? Not a 30 years old man I can assure you.)Hannah just have a white dress and big boobs. Yep that's her design. Well... okay.There is some fan service in the game clearly and when females characters move or talk their boobs wiggle, always.The writting:So the writting is not awfull but it has a lot of weird things. The first one is the rhythm. Sometime the story is really slow like NOTHING HAPPEN because the character is just here, thinking about his childhood to give you ALL his back story or giving you every details of what he is thinking or doing at the second.Sometimes it just feel like they needed to make the game longer or something. So we have a scene where 3 people talk about the house they just buy and what they are gonna do with it...AND IT LAST ALMOST AN HOUR ! One pointless hour where they decide if they want a garage or a nice room and WHO CARES ? Excuse me for some reason I though this was an horror visual novel, not ""talking about a rich dream house simulator"".But the worst of all in the writting is that the characters think of a lot of things, everytime. You would say that it's normal and I agree, I think it's important to really be in the head of a character but before I tell you the rest of my thoughts I'm gonna tell you that I'm trying to reach my bottle of water.It's a big bottle of water, name ""Mont something"". I like this one better because of the taste ! It's so...I don't know, lighter compare to other water ! Other water make my tummy hurt you know and I love to drink water you see. It's just near me but my desk is so filled with things that it make it not easy to reach. On my desk there are so many memories of my childhood. It remember me that when I was young MY PARENTS DIED.I swear I'm not jocking, when you see the character ""thoughts"" it looks like that. A lot of pointless details that lead to one ""memory"" supposed to help you feel closer to the character but everything is throw at your face.You thought it was boring when I was describing why I like my water ? Well now imagine I'm in the middle of a dialogue. I just spoke to someone but before you can read what the other person is telling me you have to read ALL my thoughts of my water again.And that is exactly what happen in the game.ALL.THE.TIME.A character will tell a joke and then you will be lost in his head for 5 minutes of him thinking why it is a good joke, since when did he know the personn he is talking to, what would he do without this person and stuff, and stuff, and stuff, AND STUFF and THEN the other character will laugh at the joke.Sometime It took so many time just to have the respons of the other character that I forgot what my character said in thefirst place !You can't stay focus on the dialogue because they are often cut like that. In a normal story the characters would just speak to eath other, tell all they have to and THEN the main character would be lost in thought or he can cut when it's something REALLY important but well not here.The characters:And maybe you would ask: ""so if the characters think that much it's mean they are very interesting and have a lot to say and are well developp !"" Well... it's really weird.The characters are supposed to be 30 years old. They are not supposed to be teenagers but i'm sorry they are all written like teenagers and that was so odd.It's really hard for me to explain but they all have jobs, homes, ""money"". Yet they are all single exept for the couple of rich and they just do joke at eatch other and when one of them is scared as♥♥♥♥♥♥they...Laught and tease that person.WOW such adult reactions really ""ahahah you're so scared you just scream on us, you hit your head too hard, common ghost ?! Be serious.""And when this character tried to talk about how affraid she is with her best friend... her best friend told her that she don't care and just want silence.BEST.BEST.FRIEND.EVER !!!Of course nobody would belive ghost stories like that but I'm sorry If I see my best friend crying and acting really weird telling me she saw a ghost I will be really scared for her, because even if I don't belive in ghost, I belive her so I would check if it can reassure her, I would offer to stay with her, I don't know DO SOMETHING NOT TEASING AND ASK SILENCE !And one last thing. Luke the rich character, is presented in the game as a racist, sexist morron. So normaly you don't really like him and think he will die... well when you arrive to his chapter everything is made so you ""attach"" to him.And well no. I'm sorry I don't care if he is nice with his wife and goddaugter or that he had a terrible chlidhood (all the characters in this novel have so it's not special anymore).Someone who just say ""what is that neggro doing here ?"" is NOT likeable and should NOT be ! At least if his wife was outraged at him but NO. The wife is very found of a black character which she befriend really quick but when her husband say the N world just in front of her she just don't care. She just try to calm him but nobody tell him to shut up. And that was very painfull.Being racist is NOT okay, it's NOT something that every character can be like a detail. And when you tell a story, the way you treat racist, sexist or oppresive characters matter ! It kinda express how you seem them and well in this story it's really nothing more that just a little detail just here to shake things a little and it's really not a good way touse it at all.The horror:And what about the ghost ? Well when I first saw her I LOVED HER ! Really it was so awesome ! She really look scary ! Sure she look a lot like the one from The Ring but it's okay as long as they do different thing later in the game it will work !Well too bad, the gost is nothing more that the one from the ring. I don't care if the ghost look like  one from another movie but if you don't do a single thing to make it different THEN IT'S JUST COPYING SORRY.So many time a character was somewhere and I was praying ""something is gonna happen ! Ghost show yourself !"" But NOPE, nothing happen. It was just like using your fishing pole on a tree in pokemon red.it's not a HORROR visual novel it's a visual novel with a ghost and trust me it's different.Sometime you will see the ghost and that's cool but HALF of the ""horror"" in that novel are just nightmares character's do...Wow.Such originality.Very scaryMuch ""aaahhh""So I think I will stop here. It wasn't the baddest game of all time of course but it was so frustrating."
,Recommended,460430,34204774,Posted: 12 August,all,Gravad,Fantastic story with characters i find myself becoming attached to as the story unfolds. Can't wait for more from group that made thisThumbs up
76561198076296333,Recommended,460430,35121400,Posted: 21 September,all,vanguardcommanderac,The True Ending made me cry for Luke ♥♥♥♥ING Wright.
76561198256986110,Recommended,460430,33816777,Posted: 26 July,all,2ManyGames,"i'm playing this game with my friend it seems really intresting but my screen keeps going white and im unable to press anything since i see nothing , and it says game over then i want to rate the game good but it's kinda hard with bugs like these. try giving me a opinion if you gone past the 2 chapter without expierencing any bugs."
,Recommended,460430,34022735,Posted: 4 August,all,Adorable Red Panda,"Great writing, great length, lots of choices!  I love it so far."
,Recommended,460430,33902683,Posted: 30 July,all,Orophias,"I've already finished it thrice and there's still so much playability left!Pros: the story is amazing, all your decisions weave together seamlesslyCons: there's still some bugs to patch, QTEs are kind of tacky but you can turn those off/skip them???: that ending I got where all the women were BFFs with Luke wtf."
,Recommended,460430,34158969,Posted: 10 August,all,binkman71,"Pros:Great art style in the full screen images.Sound design is primarily fantastic.Branching choicesPro/Con:Voice acting is both good and bad.  Some characters are good, some not so good, and sometimes a character's actor does some scenes well and others not so much.Really?  Quick time events?  At least they're skipable if you want.Cons:With so much text to read, would be nice to read it a paragraph at a time instead of the video game typical two-three lines at a time.  Particularly when a character is monologuing.The uncountable number of typos and grammar errors.Some plot inconsistencies (I'd go into detail, but don't want to spoil stuff likeOne character knows another character is a murderer, despises him, but still befriends him in the end?  And this murderer is said to have fled the country never to be heard from again...except, I suppose, by the character who befriended him?.The same damn animated flock of birds flies by in nearly every outdoor scene, and multiple times in each of those scenes, and sometimes visible through windows in indoor scenes...Overall, it wasn't terrible.  I am curious enough to want to try a second play through, to see how the choices change things.  Primarily those choices I made that got characters killed...As a horror game, it has some decent atmosphere, and some creepy artwork at times.  But I wouldn't say it was overly scary.  If you like to read, you could do worse (despite the errors...so...many...typos/errors)."
76561198366579697,Recommended,460430,33901465,Posted: 30 July,all,mikotokuro3,"Been playing this game for hour and got my first ending, heck I have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of save files branching off here and there and I can tell you the replay rate for this game is high!My first encounter with this game is from Youtube but when I found The Dairy on app store and played as Rebecca (My Queen), I was already set on buying this game as soon as it came out! I was not dissapointed with the game, from CGs to the BGM, the sceneries and the plot, everything is very entertaining, engrossing and just beautifully well-made.Though honestly, from my first ending experience I only have currently, the ghost is such a...little♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want to help her, Zach want to help her, everyone does but WOW DOES SHE MAKES THIS EASY. ""Help me, help me, come closer and I'll kill you all!"" ...Yeah.Hell, I really love what you did with all the criss-cross of stories and each choices impacts on how the story played out. I also got my AshxRebecca ending so I'm 900000% more satisfied than I would have been because just 10min into the game my heart was already breaking thanks to Ash's affection for Belle at first. This is from someone who plays The Dairy of course, and I do wish My Queen would have a happy ending with Ash. Though, playing The Dairy and play this makes me feel so, woah, like, the plot man, Lucille in The Dairy and all and how their relationships are right now. It's just so...Wow.Not to mention that I love Rebecca's character so much, she's my main reason for playing this game! And her death, oh my sweetheart...Comparing it to the others' deaths, I'm actually...Quite satisfied with what you did with her. Thank you. I feel very much dead inside but it's a good kind of dead.For a horror visual novel, I'll give this an 8.5/10, the plot is great and the deduction may be from a personal feeling of mine about the plot and ghost but it is still very worth a shot to play and worth the money. The CGs just blows me away~"
,Not Recommended,460430,35006764,Posted: 16 September,all,AmX,"Characters are good and well-written (At least the main squad).Story is the cliche and yet they somehow f u с k e d up all the endings. So the feeling of unsatisfaction keeps haunting me. Thank you very - f u с k i n g - much!It's not a horror. Just poor imitation.Music feels nice and fitting. Contains couple of superb compositions. Though, i'm still waiting for OST to be released."
76561198005720127,Recommended,460430,34047522,Posted: 5 August,all,darkR4V3N,It's good.
76561198093284789,Not Recommended,460430,34809250,Posted: 7 September,all,MareSkuro,"This game disappointed me so much. I really had high expectations.The story and is too similar to the famous horror movie ""The ring""The ghost is the same except the fact its name is not Samara.The story is boring and full of cliches and structured in way you impersonate all the characters reviving the same week.Dialogues are boring and what it make it really boring is the fact you have to revive them in every chapter. And the characters are so childish.The spooky moments come always in the same way and in a short time become just boring.Character design looks poor. Males looks to much feminine and they doesn't even seems in thirties. Same about clothes. Does a detective in thirties wear like that???The choice system (for the most part) is limited about who disappoint and who please and at the end it doesn't really affect the story. Sometime it occurs you have to decide if a character must die or not.I used to believe in reviews, so i did buying this game. But i think i'll be more careful in the future."
,Not Recommended,460430,34171141,Posted: 11 August,all,saganen,"I expected a horror game that would make me experience being frightened and nervous. Instead I experienced being so annoyed I wanted to punch myself in the face. This game is full of bad writing, imbicile characters, utterly strange animations and repeating the same things over and over. And it is not scary. It's not a horror game.You get the chance to make a decision from time to time. There is a moment in the start were you're in a car and a dialouge turns unbearable for your character. Your only decisions is to lie or change subject. What kind of person only has those two utterly stupid choices in an uncomfortable situation. Not once had I the opportunity to make a choice that I would myself. But I get that, I'm playing as this young girl - not myself.You get information in three different forms.- Descriptions- Your own thoughts- DialougeWhen a scene unfolds the information is repeated in all three phases all the time. And a lot of times its just telling you what you see. 'The walls are filled with art'. I can see that. I am looking at your graphic. It annoyed me that there constant is discriptions of what you see. Instead of using the time on good dialouge, a lot of time goes on reapting the same information in all three phases. And it just goes on and on and on witht the same topic.When there's a dialouge, all the characters in it is standing/floating in front of you. There are several animations of smiles, laughes and gestures. And then there is descriptions of their expressions. 'Becca looks worried'. Then you look at her animation and she stares stiff out in the air. Why didn't the developers make her look worried and skip the constant descriptive information. The scenes are full of instances where one of the characters has a reaction. Instead of a good animation, there is a small gesture and then a small text describing it. And then the reaction becomes the focus of the dialouge.Description info: 'Becca looks worried'Your own thoughts: 'Becca always looks out for me'Dialouge: 'Becca, I can take care of myself'Constant repeating and I felt it so exhausting.And example:The Wrights couple is described over and over as not being in a good mood. Instead of telling it every time. Why don't you make an animation that shows it? Or make it more clear in the dialouge. The constant shift of direct information - then thoughts - then talking, was quite annoying. And the same info is repeated over and over.After 5 hours of playtime I had three horror encounters and they were not scary. I read gore in the game tags and the most gore I experienced is from looking at the main characters that looks like they are 14 years old.There is this couple who wants to buy a mansion and the 'man' looks like he just turned 5. I understand that its animated to be in the anime genre, but everyone has baby clean skin. I mean come on. The only one who didn't look like a toddler is the professor.80% of the game is social encounters in which the characters develop their relationships and the plot thickens around them all. But they are so long and often just plain boring. And they are filled with dialouge that is just.... My best word for it is... stupid.To give an example:You and three of the main characters go to a movie that one of the characters has made. The next day you invite two of them to dinner. You get information about the guy who made the movie, he looks dull. Then your character thinks for herself that he looks a bit down, which is unusual. Then there is information about the third character looking worried at him. And then asks him 'You look dull - what is wrong?' So again, repreting the same stuff over and over. And they use about 2 minutes to get to the point - which is bad reviews. And then your dim wit character is all like ""Omg, what reviews?' 'What are you talking about?' 'OMG - tell me!'. Apparently she is not able to make 2 +2 equal 4. After several cringeworthy bad written lines he tells her that it is reviews about the movie they saw last night. Then you can spend your time on an overdramatic scene where the two girls get upset over him considering givin up making movies.Another example:At the open house the Wrights are clearly interested in buying the house. The woman has several times stated that they ARE buying it. And they ask when they can move in. The next day at the office when they show up, the main character is all like. ""Omg what are they doing here? ""Are they buying?"" ""Wauw, already. So fast""I mean... Come on Miss Santos... It can't be that hard to figure out. What did you expect when they showed up?I kept on playing because I hoped it would get more entertaining and better. But I just ended up in endless and long scenes with only one purpose. To show the player what kind of characters you are around. And it is just repreted over and over and over and over and over and over.If you have a fear of cup noodles, this game is NOT for you. The main character has a low budget for food and lives on cup noodles. Which they tell you atleast 10 times in the first hour you play this.Cup noodles. Cup noodles. Cup noodles.I'm never eating cup noodles again. It will remind me of this.The music is quite good though. Everyone seems to have an average IQ of 50 and all the girls have large breasts. 10/10 would visit that place if I get divorced.I'm giving this game a few more hours and I might change my review after. But so far I have been quite dissapointed."
76561197970665890,Not Recommended,460430,34200087,Posted: 12 August,all,Jimbob,"The scariest thing about this is the voice acting. I bought this expecting a horror VN, what I got was a relationship simulator with some horror aspects. You spend about 95% of your time in non scary settings, reading through unatural dialogue read by some patchy at best VA's, with occasional choices thrown in to affect the outcome of the story and your relationship status with your current character's peers. Most of the characters are American despite the game being set in England (the one's who aren't are clearly not voiced by natives to the UK). Every now and then you'll trigger a QTE where you escape a girl ripped straight from the Ring, which you can skip anyway, then it's back to more relationship building and mundane conversation with the rest of the misplaced cast. The artwork is decent and the storyline wraps up nicely at the end, which is heavily influenced by your decisions - however the journey getting there is for the most part longwinded and tedious. Wait for a sale if you're curious, caution recommended."
,Not Recommended,460430,33920134,Posted: 30 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"In his review of 2004's remake of ""The Grudge"", renowned film critic, Robert Ebert, gave only one out of four stars.Since this game is just the 2017 remake, that's pretty much what this VN gets from me."
76561198027683536,Recommended,460430,33897376,Posted: 29 July,all,TheSoupGuy,"Terrifying, simply amazing"
76561198245562916,Recommended,460430,33960610,Posted: 1 August,all,MyCurrentObsession,"Having beaten the game many times at this point, I can definitely recommend it! Without skips, a run takes about 15-20 hours, and given the many, many choices in the game and the various branches due to previous decisions, it has a lot of replay value. In addition to searching for the correct route to the True End, which requires specific survivors as well as making certain decisions in particular chapters, you can play the game many times just to experiment with how different relationships affect the cast - which friendships will you save or break, who hooks up (or breaks up)? Horror isn't really my genre, but I thought that aspect was well done, too - definitely scary, but thanks to the visual novel style of the game, I was allowed to take in the scare and prepare for any QTEs before being thrust into action and killed while I was panicking. That said, my personal favorite aspect of the game is the characters - every single one is very well fleshed out, with unique and engaging personalities that drew me into the story every chapter and made me that much more invested in finding the various friendships/romances they could have."
,Recommended,460430,33960546,Posted: 1 August,all,[P] Rock,"I bought this game because I really like Until Dawn and generally games with a lot of choices and outcomes. I'm not really into VNs.I just finished Chapter 1 and got what I think is the bad ending, and I absolutely love it so far. The artwork, voice acting, soundwork, and general structure of the game are stellar considering it was made on a shoe-string budget. Will make a proper review later, but I'll thumbs up for right now.Edit 8/4/2017: On Chapter 3 now. I have to say, the game does an excellent job making you care about the characters, their motivations, fears, insecurities, and so on, before the tough choices come. It is expected that you may want to save all of them, but the story is so much better if you make several wrong choices."
,Recommended,460430,34066164,Posted: 6 August,all,AdmiralTuff,good with lots of depth and fleshed out characters
76561198055651707,Recommended,460430,33983566,Posted: 2 August,all,deadhorizon176,"I have to say to say the $20 price point was pretty off putting to me at first. I have played enough of these visual novels to know that they can be real hit or miss when comes to the story. I am only a few hours in so I still can't really say much for the story except the amount of story I have played is quite good. But its pretty apperent from the get go that the creators of this game put a lot of heart and sole into it. The whole thing is animated and voice acted! More importantly the animation and voice acting are GOOD! Well worth the $20 just for the effort alone! The story so far has me pretty hooked, though its not really all that scary I do have to admit the ghost lady in this is pretty unsettling when she appears. I can't wait to see were this goes!"
76561198332970899,Recommended,460430,34108836,Posted: 8 August,all,jaxo716,"Was patiently waiting for this game to be out and not only i got it on sale it was definitely worth the wait.Different charcters different possible endings wether good or bad untimely the decision is yours. Jump scares...Meh! Only a couple of them, Still not saying that this game isn't worth checking out. Some of the charcaters are hilarious and voice acting is very good.Only when it comes to the text part they should really proof check their spelling as to some lines didn't coincide with the voice acting(But that's just me nit picking) Otherwise great game, interesting storyline.Good job developers!"
76561198302758402,Recommended,460430,34120862,Posted: 9 August,all,Trice -iwnl-,I've played various horror game ranging from fps horror like outlast and horror vn like higurashi and corpse party. This game main attratction for me is the jump scare factor which really freak me out even i know it's coming. I can say that i enjoy the horror of the game although some of the voice acting sound cringe in some parts of the game. Overall i really recommend this game and recommend you to play it alone in a dark room >:D
76561198354396874,Recommended,460430,33954039,Posted: 1 August,all,dancinpixels,"How can I describe the Letter in one phrase? Very polished yet underwhelming in some aspects. Note that at this point I have only played apparently 50% of the achievements and am open to my opinion being changed if I locate new paths.Don't get me wrong, I can see that there were some unique positive elements:Pros:The art: The sprites are animated, which is cool to seem them move. The CGs are also ""animated"" frames that were also mighty impressive. Also the characters as drawn in the CGs were generally consistent with the sprites, always a good sign. The ghost as depicted is quite spooky and it was thrilling to be caught off guard from the jumpscares!Audio: Music in general was forgettable, which is both good and bad - it did its job of setting the atmosphere for scenes. The sounds the ghost make are probably the most salient, adding to the spooky mood of the scenes when she appears.Character bonds: I'm not using development, but the bonds they already had starting out were nice to see, and it often wove into each of their complex and usually dark pasts. Because their bonds are already there, there isn't much more development in terms of growing them, but there is in maintaining them, which presumably emphasizes that friendships take hard work.Pass:Gameplay: Note that I disabled QTE (being scared by her presence is enough for me!) so I can't comment on the QTE, but it is a rare feature in most visual novels and thus a plus that they incorporated some gameplay in here. Personally I prefer the game play in 999 where you find clues and piece things together, other people may have different tastes.Cons:The endings: I was rather disappointed by the quality of endings, though I should've suspected from the 50+ endings that there are. If you've ever played Princess Maker series or Prince Maker: Braveness, you'll know what I'm talking about. Endings that don't really feel complete, and may become a mish-mash of the sum total of relationships you've saved and relationships you've neglected. To me, the ending is a key part of how I judge my VNs, and these endings definitely miss that key memorable quality. An open ending is fine, but they shouldn't be so forgettable I could interchange them and it has little to no impact on building any attachment to the character. Alsohow did Luke get no jail time despite repeatedly admitting to killing people to climb higher?Skip function: This may be a side note, but many times I found the same lines and scenarios being repeated without me being able to skip them due to letting a different character die. It grew irksome and drew attention to how much repetition there was due to the same scene being shown through the eyes of three or four different characters.Narrative: Adding to the above, due to the order the perspectives were shown, some characters near the endLukemissed out on some development. There were some pivotal scenes that I wish I could have read what they were thinking, because then I have to infer things about them that might not be true, a skill more reserved for real people I deal with.Relationships: On purpose I went for the more ""odd"" romances to see if it was possible, which sometimes was for the endingsAshton with Zach is not possible, fyi its friendship-only. However, throughout the narrative per above, I didn't see the scenes play out through the eyes of the other character, making it more of a one-sided love. Throughout the narrative it was clear what the ""main"" romantic relationships was going to beAshton with Isabella and Luke and Hannah. Thus, the other relationships weren't really possible in a sense. I also wanted to see relationships break down in Battle-Royale style but didn't much of that thinking except brief thoughts from Luke.OverallWould I recommend a buy? Yes, for the price of two movie tickets, you get 10+ hours of entertainment, why not? Plus, you're supporting growing the Visual Novel western marketplace with games that aren't about 'moe girls harems lulz'.There's just the caveat you might find the plot build up disappointing and the endings incomplete, but the characters' bonds with each other from their shared experiences is heartwarming to see."
76561198067814367,Recommended,460430,33976237,Posted: 2 August,all,Gatitowo,"Wonderful so far, nice writing, nice character and suuper nice graphics. Tons of endings and different choices that will affect the story too. Just started playing and I'm in love with it already. Try the demo at the very least!"
,Recommended,460430,35106752,Posted: 21 September,all,agenthedgehog,Very well made visual novel game! Worth every penny! And I'm so proud of the makers of this game! From the Philippines! :D It has a really good story and great jumpscares for those who love horror themes! Congratulations on very positive reviews and I'm very excited to the future games they'll make!
76561198089439452,Recommended,460430,34983356,Posted: 15 September,all,KiRA | Immortal,"Been playing for a bit now and i got to say this game is amazing, the story so far is creepy and ""it"" will give u nightmares. I still here the words in my head ""HELP ME"""
76561198123187075,Recommended,460430,35363191,Posted: 30 September,all,Sir Nibbits,"Buy this if you like branching storylines, dynamic character development, or horror. Its not the scarriest game on the market (which makes it great for someone like me who has trouble with jumpscare heavy games like FNAF etc) but the characters and storytelling really make this game."
,Recommended,460430,35363271,Posted: 30 September,all,Monomi,"This Visual Novel is literally the best VN I've ever played for the following reasons.-It isn't some cliche story.-Your choices actually do have a meaningful impact.-The background and sprite designs are amazing.-The voice acting is on point.-It is a new experience every chapter.=====================On the flipside I found myself getting bored at the prolonged times between main events, but other than that I would highly suggest buying this."
76561198194264321,Recommended,460430,35354036,Posted: 30 September,all,taior,"This game is extremely immersive and good! Some of the quicktime events are rather difficult, but besides that 10/10"
76561198139741526,Recommended,460430,35239488,Posted: 27 September,all,thenekopastel,"I'm really enjoying this visual novel so far! I'm usually not one for playing horrors but the story and the characters keep me coming back for more! The artwork and animations are beautifuly done, the voice actors/actresses are fantastic and so is the soundtrack! I even got some of the tunes on my phone! I'm looking to hopefully give a more detailed review once I finish the game and all of the possible routes! But I have to say, Yangyang Mobile... I am in love with The Letter! I can't wait to see what y'all do next!Maybe something with yaoi?? But all jokes aside... I know it will be amazing!Warmerst regards...Neko <3"
76561198059544276,Recommended,460430,35408962,Posted: 2 October,all,NoLuckRequired,"One of the best VNs:+ Main characters all have interesting stories and personalities that make you want to see what happens next (not a big fan of Marianne).+ Many different and important choices, which means tons of ahcievements and endings.+ Fantastic voice acting... fun fact: Takahata101 is the voice actor for Luke.+ Visuals are amazing; the CGs are gorgeous to look at.+ Very emotional.  I hated having to kill off any of my characters because you care so much about their progess.  Also some of the deaths are graphic and heartbreaking.+ Sound and music are great.But the games does have some flaws:- Lot of spelling errors.- The game moves too slow at internal monologue parts.- Not really horror, but more creepy in tone.  There are lots of blood, undead ladies, and creepy smiles."
76561198061138817,Recommended,460430,35142829,Posted: 22 September,all,GenStone,"Though I only have 2 runs, maybe more depending on how old this becomes, to my name I can safely assure you that even if you're not really someone who likes to read on their free time you will enjoy this. I certainly have, more than I will to admit in this little review. I have yet to see a game with such effort put into the character development, and more or less you will relate to these characters in one way or another. To put it simply, it is truely an amazing experience and watching some video somewhere does this game a massive deservice, its an experience you cannot rob yourself of.My only gripes lay in the bugs this game, like all, is unfortunately riddled with. From audio refusing to play, to audio playing but missing the overlapping effect and so on. I am happily waiting for the music room to be released, the music and audio ques make the experience even more so perfect.I just realised how kind of kiss♥♥♥♥♥this whole review seems, To be fair its a glorified visual novel that actually animates the scene and characters and cements the feeling that they are real by giving them actual voices and unique character thoughts. Most visual novels are overglorified books with little in the way of quality content. Key word. Most, not all. Enjoy the read!"
