user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,460700,24646925,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Serenis,"Great narration, Great art style, Great background music. This game really does get a 9.5/10 for me.... I enjoyed every second of it and never felt bored or rushed to finished, I was totally fine with backtracking and revisiting places to get secrets and such (Which is rare for me). I have no complaints I enjoyed this more then any other single player game I can remember in the past five years. This game really just hit all my checklists, I kept thinking it would be cool if you could do this... welp you can. Great game, thanks for the experience."
,Not Recommended,460700,25363468,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,"Snore of the Deep.I'm not really trying to be funny or snarky when I say that this game was better in every conceivable way when it was first released, in 2007, and called Aquaria.  Cheaper too.Some problems I had -The combat system involving the claw starts out very clumsy and irritating, as you're encouraged to scrounge around on the bottom of each room looking for crap to chuck at the enemies, but if you're using a controller the aiming is finicky, and it's just plain slow anyway.  Then, once you start unlocking more, it becomes clumsy, irritating, and boring on top of everything, because you can just shoot a bunch of missiles and smack things with your claw directly.  Even worse are the segments where you're expected to fight while outside of your sub, when at best you have a piddling range knife, the movement is sluggish, and most of the enemies can do a short notice AOE that's impossible to avoid.The 'puzzles' and progression are some of the worst I've seen in this sort of game.  There are loads of side areas that require you to rub against every wall in the vicinity hoping you'll clip through suddenly into an invisible passage, completely unable to tell where you are or what you're doing.  The 'camera' occasionally gets stuck zoomed in with you in the corner, so you can't tell where you're going or what's hitting you.  There are clams that open when you approach, and you're supposed to chuck random grabbable crap into them and see if that's their desired item.  There's no indication which of the items nearby will work, and sometimes I ran out of items in the area and still got nothing.  When you do get it right, the reward was sometimes as low as 10 coins, an amount easily found by killing a few random enemies.  Later on you're forced to do physics puzzles as you roll a ball around with your body that reminded me of the really shabby physics in Teslagrad, but also the worst minigame in Okami.The graphics look good only in screenshot form, because in motion the game is an absolute mess.  Your two character models, the sub and diving suit, both have full rotations and turn toward the camera, just like ecco, when you shift from left to right.  Nothing else in the game seems to.  Even massive enemies that take up decent portions of the screen do a really lazy and ugly blur for a few frames to mask the turn... sometimes.  Other times they will be stuck attempting to turn two ways at once, and constantly cycling between a frame of facing left and a frame of facing right.  The music is passable, but not particularly memorable, and some of the sound effects randomly play much too loudly.The narrator is annoying, and constantly droning on, but rarely gives any useful information.  The cutscene's audio starts playing for a few seconds before the cutscene itself starts, and restarts the audio, so it feels like you keep hearing aborted takes.  The story is a joke, and the only way to tell what you're supposed to do is to check the map and head directly for the giant arrow.  If you get sidetracked too much, you'll mostly wind up banging your head against a door you don't know you can't open yet, so go directly to the arrow.  The bossfights have the same problem in general that the rest of the game does, going from irritation at the clumsy controls to complete mind-numbing boredom once you can just mash buttons.My biggest problem with the game is the most minor 'issue' of all, but it really struck me while playing.  There is no Surface.  Even when you're in 'open water' or it's clear you're near the surface of the ocean, the camera hems you in and corrals you back down without letting you see the edge, much less touch it.  If you've never played Ecco or Aquaria, and you played this, you probably wouldn't even notice it.  Or more accurately, if you were playing this at all you'd probably be half asleep by the time you would notice it.  To me, it is the most damning omission in this sort of game, and perfectly underscores the laziness of the devs present throughout.  No, the game wouldn't have been any better if you could climb out of the ship and explore little islands on foot or whatever you could imagine.  But I wouldn't then be so sure that this game was assembled by people who didn't care much what they were making.I initially got about an hour in before getting utterly bored and moved on, but I realized it might get better or at least something funny might happen, and either way I wanted to be absolutely sure I could say whether this was a decent purchase if anyone felt like I did when I bought this.  Now that I've beaten the game, I can say with absolute certainty that this is a hard PASS.  Never get this game for yourself.  Never inflict this game on someone else.  If this is your 'style' of game, there are better ones, at a better price, and there have been for years.  You don't need to play this, and you don't need to reward the devs for knocking together a lazy, boring, glitchy mess in a genre you enjoy."
,Recommended,460700,25404903,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,constantcompile,"A competently done submarine-metroidvania game with great scenery and music.It isn't flawless, but I also wouldn't say it does anything poorly. It's mostly ""very good"" and is occassionally just ""acceptable.""After 10 hours, I'm ready to put it down even though I haven't unlocked all the content, but I'm satisfied with the time I've spent with it. There are no frustrating ""collect all the trinkets"" or ""speedrun"" achievements, so the game doesn't overstay its welcome.Your price point will mainly depend on how much you feel ten-ish hours of satisfying content is worth."
,Not Recommended,460700,28213155,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Rush,"Song of the Deep is clearly a passion project that will certainly appeal to some. If you're a fan of  Blit Blot's Aquaria, a similar title from almost 10 years ago, or just love games with underwater settings, you might find something to like in this one. If you're simply a fan of Insomniac or Metroidvania games, it's probably not gonna hold your interest.I didn't care for the game's presentation, although I'll fully admit to being dead inside and thus unswayed by the cutesy storybook aesthetic. The voice acting is fine, but the writing was just a little too precious for my tastes. I took larger issue with the game's art design; the locales are pretty to look at, but the enemy and creature designs are very bland and the animation feels ripped from a Flash game. The music draws too much attention to itself and it's also repetitive; it ends up robbing the game's explorative sequences of some much needed atmosphere.The game's weakest link is its combat, which never really progresses in complexity. From beginning to end, you'll be spamming one of two attack buttons at mindless AI opponents who spawn out of the ether to artificially pad the game's length. Upgrades consist only of improving your attack range and firepower; there's nothing that adds variety to the fights.There are a fair amount of secrets to uncover to get you extra crash and upgrades, but by the last quarter of the game, I had about half of the secrets and couldn't be bothered to uncover the rest. With combat being as it was, there was no impetus to upgrade past a certain point. Furthermore, a fair number of secrets just wouldn't appear for me, despite being clearly marked on the map.There are two bosses in the game; once you defeat the second one, the game ends and you can resume from your last save if you want to uncover some of the secrets that you missed. Other than that, there's no extras. You could probably breeze through the whole thing in about 6 hours. For a short and mediocre Metroidvania, $15 is too much to ask. Even at a deep sale price, I would only recommend Song of the Deep if you're absolutely enamored with the setting and story."
,Not Recommended,460700,32790898,Posted: 25 June,all,CobaltMK,"Song of the Deep is a beautiful game no doubt. The atmosphere is established so masterfully by the story, the soundtrack and the narrator. But I can't help but feel so frustrated by the combat that it completely breaks this atmosphere for me.So what's wrong with the combat?Well, it begins quite solid, you get some sea creatures to fight and its all fun and stuff. Until you realize that over the course of the game you will fight the same kind of enemies over and over again. There are some exceptions to this and the different enemy types will be stronger at the end of the game. However the problem is that the game just drowns you in waves of waves of enemies that never really challenge you enough that you would enjoy the combat, but are annoying enough that you have to deal with them (not to speak of the number of times where you have to defeat a set amount of enemies to open a door).The puzzles and movement are the more fun part of the game and I really enjoy them, but I feel like every moment of ""Hey that was a interesting puzzle"" is followed by ""Yeah, kill these 20 jellyfish that you fight since the first hour of the game for a minute or so until you can progress"".Also, the bosses are really lame, with the exception ofthe architect, which is basically a puzzle room. They just serve as a glorified combat room where you fight waves of enemies until you pull a thing.So you still might enjoy the game regardless, especially if you are into Metroidvanias, but this one just didn't click with me..."
,Not Recommended,460700,24306963,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ChrisWhitman,"Really pretty, great narration, and an solid upgrade system marred by difficult, swimmy controls. Many of the puzzles require precise manipulation of your submarine, which is difficult when it's so unresponsive. Specifically, there were a few puzzles involving dragging around a contact mine which I had to repeat probably more than a dozen times as it got unintentionally hung up on level geometry due to confusing and inconsistent object physics. There's a lot to recommend about this game, but it's probably conditioned on your ability to tolerate the controller-throwing levels of frustration that come from performing basic tasks."
76561198080499355,Recommended,460700,24260973,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SolSpade,"A great game for sea lovers, with a beautiful art style and soundtrack to boot.However, a controller (in my opinion) is HIGHLY recommended, as the mouse controls are... well... not the best."
76561198272430598,Recommended,460700,32856290,Posted: 27 June,all,caffery1313,"This game is gorgeous, smooth and creates a perfect atmosphere. It shows off both the horrifying depths of the ocean, and the beauty it contains. Gameplay is very smooth, the puzzles are interesting, and the difficulty is good. It plays like echo the dolphin mkxied with ori and the blind forest. A very unique title, and very worth the money."
,Not Recommended,460700,24730636,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Open World Gfx Afficienado [sic],"I usually like what Insomniac puts out, which makes it a shame that this game isn't very good.The controls and combat feel very sloppy. Trying to dodge enemy attacks is aggravating and pointless with the awkward controls and physics of your submarine. It almost feels like the developers knew the controls weren't very good, as enemies do very little damage and drop plenty of health and ammo upon death. So despite it being almost impossible to avoid damage, you can faceroll through most enemy encounters. Ultimately this makes combat feel boring, since it's mostly just wildly shooting torpedos at enemies while you get rocked by dozens of attacks that don't threaten you. There's also not much enemy variety, you'll get sick of jellyfish and the same mine-throwing miniboss very quickly.More important than combat, exploration and character progression are at the heart of a Metroid-style game, sadly they dropped the ball on this as well. Most of the upgrades tend to be the ""key and door"" style upgrades, where an upgrade only has one or two specific instances where its useful, and isn't even worth considering otherwise. Upgrade usage is mostly banal, using the ice torpedo to open a fire door, or using searchlights to move jellyfish. Exploration suffers because of this, it feels like going through a string of arbitrarily locked doors rather than naturally progressing through a world. It doesn't help that there's not much to find besides money, which only lets you buy (mostly passive) upgrades to your ship that don't add much. There's a few puzzles, but they're barely worth mentioning. Basic physics puzzles, using bombs to blow up doors, and using mirrors to redirect laser beams are the name of the game.To top it off the game doesn't seem very well made. One of the few notable upgrades lets your character leave the submarine to explore smaller passages. Some of these smaller passages look just big enough for your sub to squeeze through. If you try going though at a high enough speed, your sub will make it through but won't be able to make it back out, forcing a restart. One area changes its layout dynamically as you progress, but it automatically changed itself into something that there was no way to possibly get through it, forcing another restart so it could change itself to the ""proper"" layout. At one point your submarine seemingly gets destroyed and your character has to go on her own for a bit, unless you hold the button that lets you automatically return to your submarine, then you'll just skip over the entire section to your newly repaired submarine. Song of the Deep also runs on the Unity engine, which means it stressed my computer about as much as a modern AAA game, despite being much less graphically intensive.It's not all bad. The story is pleasant enough and has some decent illustrations thrown throughout. It looks nice for a $15 game despite the aforementioned Unity problems. But I can't really recommend it unless you've already gone through every game in this very specific niche of Metroid-style game and are desperate for more."
,Recommended,460700,29888770,Posted: 12 February,all,Tails The Fox,"Song of the Deep is a very charming adventure/action/Metroidvania game with an oceanic and mythological theme, with Celtic folklore of different sea creatures. You play as a young girl on a quest to search for her father, although I will not spoil anything about the story here.Song of the Deep, in my opinion, is an absolutely beautiful game. Its soundtrack and beautiful environments were breathtaking, for me, and I can really feel that this game was a labor of love for the makers. It captures the unknown of the ocean very well, and also captures its fearsomeness, but also its beauty quite well too. The gameplay is fun, and the game's map is huge and expansive, with so much variation in its environments. Although certain puzzles can be tricky, in my experience, this game was an absolute pleasure to play, The game also has so many treasures and items that you can collect, and it will certainly leave plenty of things for you to collect in the game.Song of the Deep is truly a very lovely game, and it has become one of my favorite games that I've played on Steam so far, and it's a game that I would recommend to anybody, especially those who love a good story and those who love oceanic themes. The artistry of this game and the gameplay alike are both quite a pleasure, so I very highly recommend this game for yourself. If you enjoy the game's story, Brian Hastings published a book about Song of the Deep as well, and I would highly recommend reading it too. ^.^"
76561198155208803,Recommended,460700,24369346,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,hairy_fedd,"A fairly good Metroidvania game.In comparison to Aquaria; this game does a much better job of giving you things to find, and having an open world that isn't too open to the point of being sparse (one of my major complaints with Aquaria).My only real complaints with this game is the very underwelming final boss fight, and the race against red reapers.But at $15 US I'd say I got my moneys worth.As for controls, I had no problems playing with an XBox 360 controller. There is some momentum to your movements and anything you grab with your claw, so if you don't like to deal with those mechanics you may want to steer clear of this game.When I first started playing there were stuttering issues, but a quick change in the options menu put a stop to that for the most part.Overall: a good looking game with music to match. It has a simple child's storybook plot with a narration that takes that tone."
76561198040220549,Recommended,460700,31358103,Posted: 25 April,all,Adamant Alliterator,"Few games on steam are made with the idea of ""I want to make a game for my daughter.""  And, while Sing of the Deep is not unique in its gameplay, it's heart is definitely in the right place.  Song of the deep is a unique spin on the action/adventure ""Metroidvania"" style of gameplay by Insomniac Games, that thrusts the player into the control of Merryn, a young and crafty girl who creates her own submarine to find her missing father.  Released on July 12, 2016, Song of the Deep does not utilize standard Metroidvania tropes such as platforming, in favor of swimming and underwater mechanics familiar to Ecco the Dolphin  or ""That One Dammed NES Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Level."" Much like the former game, Ecco the Doplhin, the game's focus is more towards exploration and puzzles and less on combat.  While the combat is secondary, it is serviceable as a competent with clever weapons and ""shield"" techniques granted to a certain weapon type.  Individuals looking for a longer game experience will find this game lacking in length as it is roughly 5-7 hours in total to beat without hunting down collectibles.The music in Song of the Deep ranges from oceanic ambiance to epic fantasy with uplifting orchestral flairs during strenuous combat encounters.  The score lends itself very well to the colorfully bright adventure through vivacious and colorful kelp forests, ruined ancient ""water folk"" cities old rickety boat graveyards and deep, dark chasms.  The animation quality is simple, but suits the pop-up book ascetic quite well.  Most npcs and monsters you will encounter resemble papercraft puppets in some regard, with sharp angular features.  The sound quality is good, but far too often are present audio glitches where the sound gets ridiculously loud after gathering loot or killing a mob.Song of the Deep is geared towards a younger audience, or someone who is looking to introduce their child to gaming at around 6-8.  The puzzle-centric mechanics are easy, and won't keep an adult stumped for more than a few minutes while you try to circumnavigate through clever but simple puzzles.  In the later game, Song of the Deep has a strange pitch towards arena combat, where you are locked in a room and need to destroy ""x"" number of sea mobs before a door will open, which does not suit its puzzle and exploratory ideology.Despite this, I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a quick delve into action adventure games, a newcomer to the genre, or a parent who is looking to play a game with their children.If you would like more information on the game, and would like to see it in action, please check out my YouTube Let's Play series of the game itself at:http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLY-1H0sRDGQAlOmLhfg96Wy1ZCCI0DeBq"
76561197992886766,Recommended,460700,25221893,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Honorable_D,"Great Metroidvania style game with a big twist - it's all set underwater!Plenty big map to explore with lots of nook and crannies to check out for treasure. Lovely graphics and a great setting really help suck you into the undersea world and a charming story helps things along while not getting in the way. No shortage of puzzles either, but they are easy enough to figure out and shouldn't prove to be too frustrating.Combat isn't amazing but it is certainly passable - you can buy upgrades (find some too, of course) and hunt down fragments to enlarge your ""HP"" and ""Mana"" bars, classic! Several boss fights help to add some pizzazz.If you love Metroidvania games, this is a solid buy!"
76561198151473043,Recommended,460700,28116872,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Michael,"This game was way above my expectations.What first got my interest when I discovered it - apart from being an Insomniac Games - was its original and amazing visual style and colors.  Everything is beautiful and makes you want to keep looking around because you're curious about all the pretty creatures and plants you'll find along the way as you explore the ocean.I enjoyed the music, it's really nice and sets the mood perfectly.I was skeptical about the underwater concept before playing it because in every game I had played up to that point, the underwater gameplay varied from ""Meh... It's ok"" to ""This part isn't comfortable nor fun let's get it over with"".  That is mostly why I was pleasantly surprised when I played this game, because the whole gameplay is incredibly comfortable, satisfying and fun.  As the story progresses, new abilities are introduced in a really great way and they allow you to access new and tougher levels.  Also, every ability is explained simply while playing.  Every level hides nice puzzles - a little challenging but never too much.  There are also collectibles you can find for fun, which makes completing the game longer.Another aspect that makes the progression enjoyable is the story narration, which is the best I've seen in a game.  The characters are voiced by a narrator telling the story.  It goes well with the atmosphere of the game and carries the emotions.The only negative point I had back then was that when the game was realeased there were a couple minor visual bugs, but the support was excellent and everything quickly got fixed.I loved this game and I recommend it.Edit: I recently played Ori and the Blind Forest which came out a year before and noticed that a lot of elements were ""borrowed"" from that game, so it appears it is not that original after all."
76561197988279283,Recommended,460700,24295772,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,LadyErica,"First of all, let me start by saying I don't belive the ""2 hours played"" for one second. It's more like five or six. But anyway... Song of the Deep. A Metroivania by the guys behind Ratchet & Clanks. With a young girl in a home-made submarine. What could go wrong?Not much, actually. This is easily one of the games I've enjoyed the most this year - but also one of the most frustrating games I've played in years. To start with the bad stuff, I'm playing with a XB360 gamepad, and at times, the game is very frustrating and difficult. The submarine turns very slowly, and the small boost I can get doesn't last long. There are sections that require precise controls for both steering and boosting, but the crappy controls make these unecessarily difficult at times. Also, there was one ""boss"" in particular I hated. We're taking a turret that shoots at me, a crap with a huge AoE in front of it can that only get attacked from behind, and only a couple of seconds after it attacks, several jelly fish that zooms in at lightspeed from all over and attacks me with a huge AoE, and two fish that shoots semi-homing missiles at me. And a sea shell that shoots a tractor-beam thing at me, holding me in one place unless I boost out. Try ALL THAT AT ONCE with crappy controls, and you get the idea. Can be very frustrating.However, on the plus side, I could lure the enemies away from each other and take them out one or two at a time. That helped a ton. Plus, there were TWO checkpoints nearby, so I could take out one or two enemies, save my progress, take out one or two more, save and so on. So it can be frustrating at times, but once you get past a tricky section, the next save point is most likley just around the corner. Nothing major. Plus, as I said, you can use some strategies to make some fights a whole lot easier.Now, on to the good things. Might want to make yourself a cup of tea, as this could take a while. :) The story itself is beautiful, if a bit cliché. We're talking a girl building a submarine to find her father. That's about it. But the story starts with a beautiful cutscene (still pictures, but works wonders), and a soothing, gentle, female voice as a narrator. Then, when the game starts, the narrator keeps on going, telling us what's going on. The gameplay is slow (most of the time), with the soothing narrator's voice and calm music, it really sets the tone for a wonderful experience. Again, there are times it can be frustrating, but for the most part, you're gliding slowly through the water and just exploring.The art style here is amazing. True, it's ""only 2D"" (in layers, so it gives you a fake 3D look), but it really works. The puzzles here are quite clever, so they are rarely hard to figure out, but they can still be somewhat challenging at times. For instance, there was a place where I had to far up in a cavern, but the current kept pushing me down. What I had to do was use my hook to attach to an anchor, then boost up, release the hook and attach it to the next anchor. Quite clever. But with some anchors breaking and some being far apart, it wasn't always easy to figure out where the next one was. I liked that a lot.All in all, there are some very frustrating parts in this game, and you are going to hate jelly fish by the end of it. But as they say, the good justifies the bad. There are a whole lot of things to love about this game, and with such a low price, I find it very difficult to not recommend this to anyone. Just be aware that you need a gamepad to play it (mouse and keyboard is supported, but I've never tried it, and never plan on it), it can be frustrating at times, and it's NOT a combat game. There are combat, yes, but most of the game is solving puzzles.Final VerdictS: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,460700,28930647,Posted: 1 January,all,Justin_Brett,"So I've played enough of the game to critique it, I think, and even though a lot of the reviews say it's a bit mediocre, I wanted to give Song of the Deep a try, since it looked like a really cool game. But looks I think are pretty much all the game has, since despite a few interesting ideas it disappoints in the gameplay department.Song of the Deep stars Moira, a young Irish girl trying to find her father after he is lost at sea, using a submarine she somehow builds herself. You'll have to suspend your disbelief there, since the game doesn't really justify it. Searching the area where his boat was lost leads her across shipwrecks, ruins of forgotten civilizations, and the very depths of the ocean. It's a Metroidvania, so throughout the game your submarine will get a host of upgrades, such as searchlights, torpedos and sonar. I found this aspect a bit disappointing however, as most of the stuff you can find is just money, which you cash in to upgrade your weapons and some of your utility upgrades.Problem is, even on the hard mode I never found much use for upgrading the torpedos, since the basic claw arm can kill almost any enemy type very easily. The jellyfish enemies need to get in close to attack, and it knocks them away, while enemies that shoot projectiles are easy enough to dodge. Health also drops really frequently. But there's quite a few segments where you're forced to fight enemies for an extended period of time, and they'll often come out of the woodwork while you're on your way from point A to point B, making them a nuisance. This meant I never had the urge to go hunting for things to collect like in other games of the genre.The upgrades themselves also feel a bit plain. Only one of the torpedo types has an alternate use I found interesting, with the others being just for bypassing static barriers. The searchlights are used quite sparingly, as is the sonar function since you get that so late in the game.I enjoyed some of the puzzles, although most are quite easy. An exception are some that involve use of the physics engine, which I found really finicky. A lot of the time it expects you to grab an object and throw it, but sometimes it will just sit there in front of your submarine: hope you weren't holding a mine!A particularly annoying puzzle of that sort is actually what made me stop playing, since the game wasn't exceptional enough to make me want to push through. I believe I'm at the tail end of the game, but I have examples of the genre I want to get to more. Which sums up my review, really: it's not quite a bad game exactly, but it doesn't stack up to what was already on Steam, maybe not even underwater (still need to play Aquaria)."
,Recommended,460700,28281886,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,BaHaMuT,"Excellent game.The plot captivates you from the beginning, you're playing in the role of a 12-year-old girl: ""Merryn"", that  for unknown reasons gets her father captured in the realm of an underwater creature. With a lot of effort she miraculously builds a ""yellow submarine"" that she uses to go to rescue her father, as you can imagine many dangers await her and you have a whole submarine world to explore.The underwater has many buildings and for some reasons I'm not going to spoil for you, some races that ""inhabit"" this world disappeared, along the way this is one of the things you'll be discovering.The visuals are good enough to keep you playing, you need a moderate videocard for the game to run well.The game music and sounds go pretty well with the visuals, they blend in a fantastic way.The mechanics are excellent for such a short game but  some people might get bored because if you play the game in a lineal way, beginning-end, you will get less than half the upgrades, that ends up in you using less strategies to take down the foes.If bosses are important for you, I'm afraid to tell you that this game has only 2 bosses (without including the Fomori head structures) and bosses ARE NOT overwhelmingly hard, in spite of that, I like their designs and how the battle submarine-boss flows, it's incredibly simple and fluid.Puzzles make a moderate challenge, specially if you want to uncover 100% of the game items (which IS NOT necesary for getting 100% of the achievements)The game has a very emotional taste but I felt the ending was way too fast for what happened in the game. Still a pretty good ending.In all, a great game to relax, unforgettable.9/10"
,Recommended,460700,24342750,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Paperwell,"1. Solid and unique upgrade system.2. Mechanics underwater are actually very particular, yet satisfying to figure out.3 The game is difficult, but only 20 percent of it is movement mechanics, which I feel was done very well.4. For an underwater game, this hits number one on my list.5. BEAUTIFUL ♥♥♥♥ING SCENERY6. Narrative is also well done.7. I never once felt like I was backtracking that much and when I did, it was going to a new area I have yet to reach.8. Final boss was a little underwhelming, yet felt massive.9. There are at least 8 times in the game where I thought, man this is picky, but once again, I LOVE A CHALLENGE.10. You can finish this game in like....5 hours/7 hours? BUT, if you want to collect everything? GOOD LUCK11. There's still only one spot in the game I just can't figure out how to get an item due to a red reaper literally not giving me room to swipe the chest. buuuuuuuuuuuuut. maybe I'm wrong.....12.Totally worth the 2nd or 3rd play through.13. Thought this was like child of light, BUT ♥♥♥♥ING HARD MODE"
76561197999914689,Recommended,460700,33148088,Posted: 2 July,all,Mark Rushow,"Metroidvania exploration style, Blaster Master inter/exter-vehicle style, Child of Light art and narration style. Relaxed gameplay with decent challenge. Fun with physics."
,Recommended,460700,24381748,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,mosdl,Fun metroidvania with a gorgeous artstyle that keeps introducing new mechanics at a great pace.Some minor control iffyness at times (dragging mines and swimming against the current) and some of the upgrades are kinda useless.
,Recommended,460700,25260340,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[hlife] Hotdog,"I have to disclose that I've got bit of a soft spot for the developer, Insomniac Games. They've made a lot of my favourite titles way back with the first Ratchet and Clank. I gotta say, they've hit me in the soft spot again with Song of the Deep.A beautiful and touching underwater adventure with a sprawling world that I love. I personally like this style as with Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet. The artwork is amazing and each area feels unique and separate. It sounds amazing and handles like a dream, I never had any issues with controls. In fact, the game was so well polished that the only issue I had was the camera became fixated on putting me in the bottom right corner, but that was easily fixed with a quit to menu and reload.I did find the final 'boss' somewhat lacklustre in challenge, but it was satisfying none-the-less. It's definitely not Game of the Year material, but for the ten hours it gave me, I was in love and couldn't put it down."
,Recommended,460700,25273650,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jurassic Banana,"Great game mechanics for a great story line. Enjoyed it, worth the price."
76561198323778423,Recommended,460700,25192490,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TorrentGamer,"Song of the Deepby Insomniac Games let me left with mixed feelings after I had finished playing through the Game so far.Technical issues left and right while you play through the Game will let you wonder why the Game wasn`t delayed at least till the end of summer to have at least a Build that could be calledRead to shipinsteadThe ship is still sinking but we are still on course.On the one hand we have a real well worked out Storyline, Soundtrack, Mission Design that I enjoyed from the Beginning till the end and on the other hand we have a Video Game that clearly does have a couple of Technical Issues that weren`t fixed till today.Usually I`m someone who can accept that since creating a Video Game isn`t easy and Bugs/Glitches and other issue are a common thing but in a Video Game were the Developer does even recommand that you use a Controller instead of an Keyboard that two of the most commen used Controller on Steam (Steam Controller & Xbox (One) (Elite) Controller) are still having issues while on the Store Page the Game is still marked asFull Controller Supportthis is at no point acceptable.Since Day One the Update Notes clearly indicated that the Game was rushed out and since then those issues being patched and fixed where someone else would already get asked of how it could have been that the Game was launched at all in such a form.Don´t get me wrong:Song of the Deepisn`t a bad Game at all and it`s clear to me that the Art and the Level Design of the Game is very unique and enjoyable but since I am rating Games on their current form and not what they might be in a couple of months/years I clearly have to warn everyone ahead of buying the Game before so they know very well what they will get in return.Conclusion:Song of the Deepby Insomniac Games has a lot of potencial and is enjoyable if you accept that the Game still has some issues that you might encounter or not if you are one of those few lucky once who somehow had avoided to experience those on their playthrough.I`ll give the Game a Thumb`s Up since besides those technical issues the Game is still enjoyable and i enjoyed playing through the Game even it`s shorter and not very hard to play through compared to the Games i usually enjoy playing for +100 hours or more.If I would request something from Insomniac Games then it would be that they don`t release a Game when it`s clearly not yet polished enough since there was not at all any need to rush this Game out since it`s still unique enough to delay the Launch at least in my eyes for a couple of months to get it a bit more polished.That´s it. Thanks for reading and have a great time ;-)"
76561197970911241,Not Recommended,460700,24332624,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Merdrah,"I read several reviews mentioning the ""frustrating"" part in this game. Over the years I've found that information to be hit or miss as everyone's desires are different. This time...it was a hit.I didn't keep count but, it felt like ten tries before I got through it. I got very frustrated from it. To the point that I got a little stressed. That in turn ruined the rest of the game and the ending.What ever the dev team's reasoning was. I feel that they made the wrong decision or didn't test it with enough people new to the game late in development. They created a frustrating challenge instead of a challenge. There's a difference and the frustrating challenge doesn't fit this game.After thinking about it for a while. I concluded that the section was out of place with the rest of the game. Up until that point you are not required to have quick reflexes. Even the final boss isn't anywhere near as difficult as that section.This game was not presented as difficult. It was presented as a Metroidvania style with geographic exploration and story being the primary elements. With combat being secondary.As for the rest of the game. I did not have any framerate or studdering issues like others have been reporting. Controls were off a bit even on a controller in regards to the shop, pause and map screens not responding to all the controller commands and I had to reach for the keyboard for those. Which was hardly a problem. The mouse and keyboard controls were a disappointment to say the least but that's been pointed out plenty of times already.All the audio cues worked well with getting my attention. The sound effects felt appropriate. I enjoyed enough of the background music that I bought the soundtrack DLC.Visually? The game is gorgeous! I love the style selected, the color selection, the storybook idea for the plot points fit perfectly.Edit:I have some feedback on the game that I should have put in originally with my review. Hopefully the dev team can use this.I recently re-watched the episodes of Extra Credits talking about difficulty and the part about difficulty spikes is what reminded me to come back and reread my review.This is long-winded so, fair warning!It's the entire section dealing with the Red Reapers is why I'm not recommending the game. From when you first enter the darkness below the Maw all the way till you come back out after getting the quest item. I have yet to play a game where the difficulty spike made any sense.It's not a ""test of the players skill"" when you haven't provided opportunities for the players to build up their skill to ""that"" point. Now the fact that I didn't see any training doesn't mean that it's not there. I know one of the challenges is to try and make them barely noticeable at worst. However, a hidden tutorial that doesn't work is just wasted dev time and money.Was this Game Mechanic Test needed? Was it tacked on after the last sections of the play-through were put in?Darkness:When you first encounter the darkness it gives you a written warning on the screen to not use your Searchlights. ""Ok, but how do I counter the Reapers?"" Not being able to see doesn't encourage me to experiment with my equipment to see if anything works on them. You can't aim your torpedoes when you can't see which way you are facing. You also can't see if anything you try had an effect until you re-spawn. Even then, you don't know if what you used hit it's intended target. I still don't know if anything works on them.As for using the sonar. I ended up getting through that section creeping along the left wall. Only moving a short bit before hitting the sonar again. The recharge time on the sonar doesn't give much time to react if you end up in the patrol route of a Reaper. It's a good thing they can see in the dark. But then how do they navigate around the rocks without hitting them? I don't think it has a store line answer. The answer is simple,  game-play. The devs were making a specific challenge and had to throw the story aside. Fair enough!I was in flight mode going through there and trying to spam the sonar. I got through, but my heart was pounding in my chest. That leaves me with a rhetorical question. Why did the dev team decide to put in a moment of dis-empowerment?Chase scene:I should have recognized that I was going into an obstacle course as I was working my way around to the quest item. The crushing walls that only went half way, the three gates that require you to switch back and forth between torpedoes. The signs were there. So I should have stopped and prepared myself before I triggered the ""trap"". Maybe calmed my heart rate after the dark section and practiced the course a few times. Now note that I went through this before they issued out patches for it. Though I didn't encounter any problems with the Reapers hitting me unfairly.When I started the chase I went through the save point while I was using the boost. Each time I re-spawned it felt like I had less of a boost charge to work with. It was impossible to test that given the situation.I found the Reaper's movements to be inconsistent. I couldn't tell if they were starting to navigate the course better each time because of my movements or not. I have no way to tell anyway. Each time I failed it felt like they were catching up sooner and due to being in a panic you can't really tell how.I never knew until this point that you could shoot a gate twice to make it break faster. That might be something to point out in text to players earlier in the game.Final thoughts on the chase scene. Perhaps the dev team could consider turning on the light beams at the ""end"" of the course automatically. I turned them on by habit and was glad I did. A Reaper was nearly on to me when I reached the end.Also one of the Reapers did not follow me around and stayed at the location of the quest item for some reason. It was trying to swim to me while I was at the save point outside the obstacle course and was just stuck against the bone wall."
,Recommended,460700,24267913,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,KyleN7,"Mouse & Keyboard controls are a bit annoying, but overall a really good Metroidvania game. Beautiful art style, calming and relaxing, and a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,460700,24267210,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Vhaeyne,"I always said ECCO would make an amazing metroidvania game. The musics not as amazing as ECCO, but everything else is. 10/10 #NEEDSMOREDOLPHINS"
76561198041187156,Recommended,460700,28316406,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ouroboros,"Song of the Deep is a short and sweet Metroidvania game. Not a masterpiece, but it'll certainly scratch that exploration and puzzle solving itch.Graphics: 9/10. A good, pleasing graphical style that still manages to be clear and easy to read. It's not perfect, but it is very good.Sound Effects: 5/10. Pretty standard sounds, overall.Voice Acting: 10/10. The voice acting was perfect. The narrator had a 'storybook' vibe that fits the game perfectly, and on the occasions when other character talk, their voices are pretty much perfect as well.Music: 8/10. Pleasant music for an underwater adventure.Gameplay (Combat): 7/10. The combat towards the end winds up being less interesting than towards the beginning, but most of the bosses are fun and interesting, and the core combat mechanics are solid.Gameplay (Puzzles): 8/10. The puzzles are fun and interesting... mostly. However, you'll learn to hate explosives by the end of the game.Gameplay (Exploration): 9/10. The world is well designed and fun to explore. While some secrets are easy to miss by eye, the map automatically marks treasures and upgrades, making going back for them easy once you have the right equipment. Additionally, a certain late-game item makes going back for loot you've missed a much less frustrating experience, which I was extremely grateful for.Story: 8/10. A simple, but pleasant, story-book-esque story. Who says fairy tales are only for kids?Overall: 64/80 (80%). Despite a few imperfections, I would definitely recommend this game."
76561197983740996,Recommended,460700,30294049,Posted: 3 March,all,Chane,"Little Marryn is desperate, for her father is lost at sea. But the twelve-year-old does not give up, builds a submarine, takes all her courage and heads off into the ocean to find him. Soon she sinks into a huge labyrinth of ancient myths and dangerous monsters.Sounds fabulous? It is. But don't be deceived by the start of the game, which, with its children's books sketches may seem like a simple game for kids. It's not. 'Song of the Deep' is a challenging adventure that takes many hours to complete and is epic in the best sense. This is not a snack for fast treasure hunters, but a pleasantly demanding journey with refreshing new ideas that feels very unique.Pros:- huge open world- fantastic graphics- very precise controls- tons of secrets- many challenging and satisfying puzzles- diverse underwater world- very clever game mechanics like freezing items to make them float or blinding jellyfish to makes them move away or using light to attract specific fish or using sonar to find hidden chambers, etc.- heart-warming story- feels like a AAA title- charming narrator- plenty of sub-marine upgrades- good music- very good sound effects- satisfying fights, especially in the late phase of the game after you collected all the weapon upgrades- warp points to ease travel over long distances- made me want to immediately re-start the game after finishing itCons:'Song of the Deep' intentionally gives you no guidance. This allows you to experiment intuitively and is great to reach many unexpected, satisfying moments of discovery in terms of 'Ah, this is how it works!'. But this can also be frustrating at times if you don't know how to continue, especially in the early hours of the game where you haven't collected a lot of the available upgrades. At one point I seemed trapped because I hadn't found the knife for Merryn yet. But I had no idea a knife existed and that I had to find it. So I had to turn to the internet to find out. As an achievement hunter I tend to collect every secret I find and 'Song of the Deep' is full of treasures. But many of them can only be collected after your sub-marine has been upgraded. So in order to fully enjoy this game and prevent frustration, simply carry on if a treasure seems unreachable. The game expects you to return later. As a matter of fact you return to areas many times."
76561198151347721,Recommended,460700,25435920,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Aylia,"The game in its entirety was fun, with challenging yet not too frustrating puzzles and monster fighting. The game was also beautiful in design with great artwork. I also really enjoyed the narration. But, the ending was just downright disappointing and anticlimatic. There was no epic boss fight or any sort of battle to get out of the sea, it was just BOOM the game is done leaving you with an empty feeling."
76561197979434599,Recommended,460700,25034892,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Talonsid,Put in 12 hours on this game. GREAT product for the money.
76561197975138382,Recommended,460700,25040789,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Aztek,"Great story,great music,awesome game"
,Recommended,460700,25296836,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,FreddyK,"A wonderful game set in a beautiful underwater world in the metroidvania venue.  The music adds to the mystery and beauty of the world that you explore as you search for your father.  The narration and voiceaction is done very professionally.  If you enjoy exploration games, you will not be disappointed.My one complaint is that this game does not have Steam Controller compatibility.  But you can play it with an Xbox 360 controller just fine."
,Recommended,460700,26532385,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shine,"Having finished the game and enjoyed it greatly I think it's safe to reccomend this.The music is so lovely, the world is pretty and fun to explore, the story and narration are really great and of course the gameplay is fun.If you loved Aquaria or like metroid-vania games in general this is a pretty good one.It's absolutely worth the price tag and took me a rough 11 hours to complete, and I'm pretty sure I missed some things that I'll go back and complete later.Though it isn't without it's issues and they should be made known:- The coloured beams late game The submarine does not move agilely enough to get through unscratched, and it was a mercy I had all the hull upgrades to survive getting hit constantly.- Navigating the depths of the maw and red reapers. True, I'm terrified of the dark so it didn't help but I couldn't help but feel it was frustrating running into reapers constantly, given the speed of the reapers and the lack of sonar range.- No indication on how to actually get past the stone heads. Had to look that one up.Use the magma cannon to create makeshift hooks- Some of the puzzles in general, whether it involved bombs or cuttlepups, were just frustrating, on many occassions due to the booster having very little duration."
,Recommended,460700,32976009,Posted: 28 June,all,Nworb,"Really enjoyed Song of the Deep.For me, it was engaging enough to want to keep coming back, and easy enough to not be intimidated by the gameplay or mechanics.A delightful, if simple story.Grab this game if you enjoy underwater side-scrolling games with a mix of puzzles and combat that don't require split-second timing or genius levels of intellect to progress through."
76561197995462407,Not Recommended,460700,28177452,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PotatoMasher,"I love most Insomniac games and, honestly, this isn't really a bad game, but I just cannot recommend it because, as it has no doubt been mentioned many times, Aquaria is still a thing. If you haven't played Aquaria, you might enjoy this game, but for me, I found the combat repetitive, the exploration a bit tedious as the game carried on, and the story was less than impactful. I could not get 100% in this game. I had to power through the last few chapters just to get it over with. I guess, play it if you want. It's not awful, but do give Aquaria a shot sometime. See a team of two people tug at your heartstrings more effectively than a Triple A studio."
76561197998260175,Recommended,460700,24393081,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Lab,"Not a bad game. Not fantastic, but worth a play if you like Metroidvania. The art style was pretty, and the controls weren't as bad as everybody makes them out to be. Most trouble I had was accidentally screwing up puzzles in a certain area because my hand would temporarily forget the game doesn't use WASD to move. Though I'm used to the sort of game where you point in the direction you want to go and then hit the throttle. I'm not saying the game is realistic or needs realism and anybody who wants it easier is a scrub, but I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if your deep-sea vehicle turned on a dime and instantly changed direction.Played through on the highest difficulty and found that it still wasn't that difficult. Stuff *hurts* but if you're not awful at the control scheme, you can dodge fairly easily, and that's before you get an upgrade that lets you do a short dash. Most of the boss fights weren't satisfying. Dragging around a mine for some puzzles took some getting used to, but I wouldn't blame my screwups there on the the game's physics.Bugwise, I didn't run into too much. Got stuck and everything became non-responsive after respawning once. The death sound for the giant crabs was always too loud despite my volume settings, as was the noise for breaking open a chain-wrapped chest.I wouldn't have minded a comment from the narrator for collecting all treasures, considering there was one for purchasing all upgrades and another for finding all the health and energy upgrades, but that's a minor complaint."
,Recommended,460700,28957016,Posted: 2 January,all,Enma Ai,One of the two amazing aquatic Metroidvania games on Steam that is definitely worth your time and money. The art is decent and the gameplay is fun. Collecting all of the treasure will consume most of your time and achievements are pretty straightforward. Definitely recommended!
76561198003429988,Recommended,460700,24399233,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Proxy404,Great game. Story is very well told and narrated throughout the game. Everything feels smooth and polished and the art style works very well with gameplay. A nice relaxing game with a great story.
76561198026069722,Recommended,460700,24522623,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TopShmups,So Insomniac have finally got round to doing what turns out to be an excellent adventure game. As first I was a little undecided if I should buy it or not in the end I just went for it and am glad I did.The visuals for the game are excellent and quite calming to look at when twined with the brilliant music score that plays a long in the back ground. It took a while for me to really get into the game finding it somewhat of a pain to keep going backward and forwards to complete the different tasks thrown at you. I also found some of the puzzles a little confusing and sat a while thinking how to get the treasure from what loos like impossible areas to reach the ones behind the head statues I still haven't worked out yet but I will keep coming back.One downside is that it could be made to play a lot smoother the first fix they did helped a lot but you still get the odd stutter here and there. Unity can be made to play very smooth just look at Ori for an example.Would I advise you to buy it yes I would if you like puzzle adventures this will be just up your street.More games like this please Insomniac.
76561197998446503,Recommended,460700,28199123,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,lakimdesjaak,"Nice little metroidvania/exploration game. Not very special as far as game mechanics go, but the arwork is very beautiful and the story is sweet.If you're dying for a fantastically intricate difficult metroidvania then look somewhere else.If you're looking for some relaxed exploration then give it a try!"
76561198028261812,Recommended,460700,33063085,Posted: 30 June,all,viktorhallo,"this is actually a amazing game. i am very sad it have sold so little at steam.its very similar to ori and the blind forest both in graphics and setting. the controller feels smooth and good, the eviroments are beautful and full of life + secrets.  the map is a typical metroidvania game with a huge interconected map were you go around and collect upgrades in order to progress to the next zone. the story shares many similarieties with ORI. even tho neither game got a super deep story, you have a purpose and the story telling in this game is rather good, with a great storyteller voice actor.good things- beautiful 2d graphics- tons of backtracking, upgrades, powerups, hidden areas, treasure hunting + everything else you want in a metroidvania.- very powerful story, with a very good storyteller.- cute funny puzzles, even tho they are not to hard, they are entertaining.- good length, not to long, not to short. 7-13 hours id say, depending on the player and difficulty.bad things- its pretty easy even at the highest difficulty- you are not forced to backtrack to earlier areas to collect money for upgrades, since the game is not particuallry hard.- some smaller bugs, were you get stuck, and you are forced to reload to your last save.conclusion 7.5/10 for a 2d metroidvania game. its one of the better metroidvania games for sure. its on my top 5 list probably. and ive played atleast 30ish metroidvania games. its not as good as hollow knight, rabi ribi and ORI. but its still a great game, which desveres much more love:)!"
76561198211950748,Recommended,460700,24956928,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ossy43,"Nice graphics, and game play..... If It can only work with the Steam controller would be perfect. Don't know why Steam has this game marked as FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT, when the controller does not work properly with this game. Hopefully they will fix that...."
76561198168702205,Recommended,460700,24444731,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Riftwind,"Played it for a short time and hooked already - i loved games like Limbo, Braid and such and this is very similiar.Theres an arcade element to it that reminds me of games like Thrust from the 80s.  You use gravity and inertia to pilot the sub and collect items to upgrade it like torpedos and boosts, while discovering secrets and backtracking to previous areas with new abilitys to collect those hidden loot chests!Generally a smooth gameplay experience for me, im using keyboard and mouse - my only niggle is the mouse pointer to steer is a little small and ive lost it a couple of times in combat because its tiny.Ive had a couple of crashes to desktop - error messages generated but its a new release so far so im hoping this will be sorted soon.I will be playing it till completion, something ive not done alot of lately - but this game is worth the time spent.Well worth a tenner!"
76561198120550745,Recommended,460700,25042240,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kuroo,"I've been looking forward to this game. But when I bought it, and started to play it I noticed that the screen was all pink. At first I thought it was a glitch but when I started playing everything was blocked out with pink. I could barely see the submarine as I tried to just play the game thinking that it will go away in a certain about of time but I became impatient and came to the reviews to hunt people who have the same problem as me. Only a couple I've seen... The story seems nice, the narriation is amazing in my book. It's just the amount of pink. I was hoping for nice underwater ocean graphics that make you go wow wow but I guess not... I'm kind of in between on recomending this game and not recomending."
,Recommended,460700,25282351,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SebastianBastian,This game is very similar Aquaria (which is a much more enjoyable game but a bit older graphically). Still Song of the Deep is a good metromania game even if it gets a little monotonous after a while. Wort a try.
,Recommended,460700,28861986,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GUNrcTeR,8 hrs of gameplay.Sadly can't continue playing after compaign....But it's good.
,Recommended,460700,29175156,Posted: 10 January,all,monsterpancake,"I loved this game. Granted, it does not do anything really groundbreaking. It is a 2D exploration/adventure game in which you pilot a tiny submarine through beautiful underwater environments. At the start, your sub has few abilities, but as you progress you collect new weapons/items that unlock new areas of the map, so you can get new weapons/items, rinse/repeat. We've all done this before, but thanks to Insomniac the game has a ton of character and is genuinely pleasing to look at. The game has a nice balance of combat/action and puzzle solving. Overall nothing here is super challenging, but there are a couple of tricky puzzles to solve. And if you want to collect every item and hidden treasure, there is plenty of fun to be had. (Approximately 10 hours of gameplay.) The story/setting has a folktale quality with picturebook cutscenes and narration. You are a young girl out to rescue her dad, who has vanished beneath the waves. You will explore ship graveyards, underwater cities, dark caverns, etc. If Metroid-style games are your bag, then this is a very fine modern example."
76561198122391942,Recommended,460700,31695385,Posted: 11 May,all,jennibelle,"I love this game! I felt it achieved a nice balance between action and puzzles, and very few of the puzzles were the kind that are more reflex than logic, though that doesn't mean you don't need a delicate touch on the controls at time. Story was sweet, and the whole thing quite a relaxing bit of escapism without too much pressure. As you collect abilities you gain access to areas you may already have gone past before, but I seldom had moments when I questioned whether I didn't have the right abilities yet or whether I just hadn't figured out the trick, so I found it was surprisingly low on frustration."
76561198068611358,Recommended,460700,25075650,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Saphira,"Lovely artwork, good music and overall really cute. I enjoyed playing this game!"
,Recommended,460700,33062030,Posted: 30 June,all,B0b,"A little slow at the start with too much narration.  But once you get deepers its great.  Looks great, controls great, nice story.  Hoping for a sequel, there's a lot of ocean out there."
76561198049524080,Recommended,460700,25805684,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Buzard,"Loved the style and the gameplay, very enjoyable, more like this please!"
76561197999721593,Recommended,460700,26233626,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,rlexa,Feed stuff to mollusks. Fight underwater spiders. Be a dagger wielding badass. Metroidvania the way it is supposed to be!
,Recommended,460700,34849211,Posted: 9 September,all,frobnic8,"Well written, with a beautiful style and score as well as lovely narration, Song of the Deep is gentle, enjoyable fun. The combat is pleasant, if a bit simple. A little more depth in the enemy types and behaviors might well be all this would need to be a timeless classic like Aquaria, but it's quite good none the less. Highly recommended for the younger crowd or anyone looking for a more relaxed game experience.For those looking to complete absolutely everything in the game, watch that map carefully! (And bonus points for the game itself for acknowledging major accomplishments with narration and sometimes a bit more, not just with an achievement pop-up in the corner.)"
,Recommended,460700,24900318,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Gyaku Kanashimi,Love it... I'm so glad I'll get to play this on PC... Thank You so so so Much Insomniac Games.
76561198010539641,Recommended,460700,28279364,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shaftie,"I've dumped about an hour into this game.  This game is underrated.  I'll say it again, this game is underrated.  The developer is responsible for history gems.  This game is underrated.  Atmospherical beautiful.  Mechanically sound.  Metriodvania genre.  I purchased on sale, if I never touch this game again it was money well spent.  There is little hand-holding and tons of obvious pickups that you have no clue how to get.Audio fx are great.Combat is a bit one-dimensional in the begining of the game you either shoot a short ranged claw or toss and item at enemies.  That lack of depth (heh, depth) is certain to be addressed by the acquisition of torpedeos per the controller scheme.  There are multiple types according to the same source.  (PS4 controller support is fully functional based off my limited time with the game, no additional software necessary...a plus over Ori)Speaking of Ori....if you liked that...get this."
,Recommended,460700,28012362,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CryonicSuspension,"A stunningly beautiful, magical, kid friendly, puzzle/ exploration game.Features a female protagonist and lovely Irish, voiceover narration. I got goosebumps playing this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GC_mV1IpjWAThere is a particularly annoying section in the game, where you have to navigate the darkness and instakillers live. It's not a skill based encounter, it just relies on luck 100%. When you die, you have to re-do that section. I'd be happy if they refined it some way. Change the instakillers to angler fish:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-BbpaNXbxgThere are three difficulty levels and so far, the game is challenging enough on the hardest difficulty level, while being a Disneyland of fun.I'll update this review as I go along."
76561198050259606,Recommended,460700,31971638,Posted: 26 May,all,Rikardo,"A gorgeous looking game with great atmosphere. Gameplay is really fun and there´s plenty of rewarding upgrades along the way, making one want to explore every corner of the ocean world."
,Recommended,460700,26823105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spacelord Pajamas,"This game is great if you are looking for a Metroidvania type.  The story is sweet, and the voice overs really get you into the narrative.  Pick it up and enjoy."
,Recommended,460700,33054388,Posted: 30 June,all,Lyceaos,"this gae is beautiful and so very charming it would be a crime not to get a sequal, its a totally new take on a metroidvania using all these water mechanics like this, i cant recomend this enough"
76561197969232791,Recommended,460700,24290336,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Scytale,"If you are awaiting for the sequel to Ori, this will satisfy that craving."
,Recommended,460700,30482007,Posted: 12 March,all,Aquadude,"One of the best steam games I've played. cool story, gameplay, and atmosphere"
76561198010484550,Recommended,460700,24965736,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Vel,"Fantastic game, a true gem of a title. If you enjoyed Child of Light, Song of the Deep has a very familiar story-book theme, just centered around the sea and exploring.It's quite short - I looked for and found every upgrade possible, combined with beating every boss, took about 13 hours.Whether you're 10 or 80, the game is very charming and enjoyable, child-like in it's wonderment of the sea, and the narration lends a story-book feel to everything.  Definitely recommend for just $15, would buy again, and will buy a sequel if they ever make one"
76561198067247689,Recommended,460700,24504521,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Proclam,"The only thing I could have asked for was a couple more hours of game play. Really well put together little game, very, very enjoyable."
,Recommended,460700,26191033,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Toadyzgotsoul,A solid metroid-esque game with excellent music and story. The fast-travel mechanic could be improved upon slightly as there is a lot of back-tracking.
,Recommended,460700,28965176,Posted: 2 January,all,GiggleSquid,"A very loveable game that's pretty, fun and the protagonist is damn cute"
76561198064385015,Recommended,460700,34223536,Posted: 13 August,all,Faestorm,"My favorite game of all time, and here's why:Positives:+Beautiful soundtrack+Beautiful scenery/graphics/art style+Great story+Great puzzles+Controls well+Helped me overcome my fear of the ocean+Fluid and fun gameplayNeutral Things:=Metriodvania style game=The only time I cried in reaction to a videogame (or any other form of media)=May or may not have a jumpscareNegatives:-Only 8 hours long-Red Reapers-Crashed once, and only once-You should play this on PC because it will be hard to control with a control stickIn conclusion 9.8/10"
76561198284860838,Recommended,460700,26468597,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Moontree,How hard is it to fix the Xbox controller issue? Used to work before the patch but unable to now. :( Based on reading below i am i am not alone with this issue.
,Recommended,460700,24760689,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Batoideus,"The art and music are beautiful, the story is cute, and I found the puzzles to be a lot of fun! My only issue is that I can't seem to get my Steam Controller to work with it, but I found the keyboard and mouse controls to be less annoying than most people seemed to. Overall, a wonderful experience, Now I really want a Glowing Cuttlepup plushie =3"
,Recommended,460700,24492283,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,DryPenguin,"Decent story, great art, amazing sound design and music.  This is a great package.  Had a lot of fun and recommend it fully.  Enjoy.  It's a light Metroidvania in a very cool underwater world.  Bought the soundtrack and I'm not really a soundtrack guy at all, but this one was calming and melodic.  Very enjoyable"
76561198318204862,Recommended,460700,24378947,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Clownfish602,"First of all I would like to the game is beutiful, when ever i try to load it a pink screen shows us. I can still hear the music but I can only see the pink. I dont know if I did somhing wrong or is a bug that will be corrected. Other then that its an outstanding game with beutiful visuals and an amazing sound track."
,Recommended,460700,26961337,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jendryk,Great Game 9/10
,Recommended,460700,24309157,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Oppression,"Song of the Deep is a Metroid-like game with a child friendly theme. Underwater exploration is immersive. The narration is well paced, the graphics are beautiful and easy on the eyes. There is a bit of simple puzzle solving, alongside a few enemies. I recommend this game for metroidvania players as it embodies a different perspective of the genre while staying loyal at its core."
76561197974634162,Not Recommended,460700,34805543,Posted: 7 September,all,istari101,"Absolutely beautiful soundtrack and visuals, but it would seem I get frustrated by environmental puzzles and inelegant combat a little too easily. A good effort, but regrettably not for me."
,Recommended,460700,28861521,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Unicorn,The game is very good.But no ultrawide screen support (21:9).
,Recommended,460700,24309028,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,NutelaCrepe,"Let me start by saying that I love the soundtracks in this game. And since it is kind of open world, I am sold. Some of the puzzles are boring Especially the ones that require moving a mine from one place to another to open a door but the rest are fun and a little bit challenging. You might get stuck in some of the puzzles but I think eventually anyone can solve them. Check the link if you are looking for a full walkthrough.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoLRwjafsxY"
,Recommended,460700,24542671,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,lking226,"The shopkeeper waves goodbye when you purchase from the shop. I thought Gamestop help contribute to this game. I've never heard of Gametrust, but this game is worth playing. Collecting all the upgrades for the submarine is the best mission."
,Recommended,460700,28658337,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SPITZtheGOD,"Amazing game, only problem i have is that the game treats you like an idiot from time to time and tells you what to do. but other than that its pretty flawless"
76561197969066488,Recommended,460700,25905550,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Warlok,"Impressive game! Great mechanic, gorgeous graphics, fun puzzles. Game controller recommended."
,Recommended,460700,24793392,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,SaltTM,"Great Narrator, Great Visual Aesthetics, Great/Difficult Puzzles, Difficult Mobs (more annoying than difficult) and an Okay Story.Loved the game overall. Definitely well worth my money, spent 10 hours playing it. Though I didn't 100% it, missed some achievements."
,Not Recommended,460700,33600476,Posted: 16 July,all,Cyril,"In regards to this game I would say it's... serviceable. As a metroidvania it certainly is a metroidvania, and it definitely has a combat systemLet's cut to the chase though everything about this is just so.... meh. The basic movement is too slow and the boost you get to help move around faster is arbitrarily limited for no good reason other than so that a few (AND ONLY A FEW) puzzles involving currents can exist.That you can break entirely with the dodge move you can find fairly early on in the game, which just destroys every current-related puzzle.Rendering the arbitrary limitation even more pointless than it already is.But I mean otherwise, movement is... okay? The keyboard/mouse setup is actually really awful because you steer with the mouse but on controller it's fine. Just a bit slow.Combat is ""spam the claw and torpedos and everything dies"". Like. There's one or two enemy types that take more work than that. And the enemy types never change, they just get stronger palette swaps that do the same exact things but have more health and deal more damage. And the bosses. Are utterly pathetic. There's one midboss you fight somewhere around 6-7 times, I lost count. It spits out bombs & you throw it back at it. Sometimes it has an annoying pushback mechanic. Usually there are some enemies spawning in. The enemies are the real bosses in this game.And I'm not even exaggerating. There's only like, two major ""boss fights"" in the game. The first one, the boss itself literally cannot hurt you, just trap you and push you back. The enemies are the only thing that can damage you. The final boss, the boss itself literally. never. attacks. You just fight enemies then pull stuff off the boss's face and YOU WIN. It's utterly pathetic.And the exploration and puzzles. Well, I hope you like generic mirror puzzles and item babysitting puzzles. And physics puzzles. Those stupid barrels that explode when touching a beam of light can go heck off. And the puzzle design is just. Never really that clever. There's a few completely unexplained puzzles you have to solve for some optional items - some stupid thing involving fish and turbines, a few puzzles where you guide a school of fish to a chest covered in seaweed, an utterly absurd puzzle where you guide some sparkles to some other sparkles with no indication whatsoever that you're supposed to be doing this. It's just kind of stupid all in all. Oh, there's one bit where you have to guide this one fish around with glowing orbs (that eventually disappear over time because of course they do) and it will follow literally any glowing orb and not necessarily the one you are carrying. Which is super annoying and arbitrary. I mean, okay, the game has some decent puzzles, sure. And collecting stuff can be kinda fun. There's a decent bit to collect & it's all indicated on the map, the real challenge is figuring out how to get stuff.Presentation wise of course this game is gorgeous. You can see that, you can hear that watching the trailer. Maybe could use a bit more change of scenery at times but ehh whatever it looks good. No complaints there. I'd expect this level of presentation quality from INSOMNIAC GAMES. But I'd also expect much, much better game design than I got.And really the game feels quite... soulless. The story is pretty generic storybook type stuff where the father goes missing and then is presumed dead but isn't actually dead and you save the sea and yadda yadda yadda you're not here for the story. The gameplay itself is just so... generic. It's like the devs went ""hey let's make an metroidvania"" but didn't have any unique ideas so just remade aquaria but without the stupid song gimmick. Which is one improvement over aquaria, at least. The game is stupidly easy even on normal difficulty (and I don't imagine the hardest difficulty could be much tougher) and it really feels like it's just going through the motions.Let me stress though that I don't think this is a bad game, just a very... average one. In like every way. It doesn't really stand out much. It has good parts, it has bad parts, it has a lot of parts I don't care about. And for $15, it's probably a fair amount of bang for your buck - I got about 12 hours out of this getting 100% completion which is more than decent enough, yeah. If you're really desperate for metroidvanias I'd say this is a decent one to hold you over but really, go do yourself a favor and play something like Ori, Hollow Knight, Environmental Station Alpha, heck, even Dust or Guacamelee. There's a ton of great metroidvanias out there and this one is just... alright."
,Recommended,460700,28238669,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ShadowB,"Great game, I feel like it could use a few more achievments, but great quick game..."
,Recommended,460700,24610842,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,m!ke,meditation
76561197985399278,Recommended,460700,34532180,Posted: 27 August,all,Meta03,"This is a TOP notch Metroidvania game with an excellent story, gameplay, graphics, music. One of the best I experienced, and I experienced MANY Metroidvanias. It is a wonderful piece of art.  If there was anything I could change, I would add some longetivity, maybe special random drops to collect, hidden hard bosses, New Game+, etc, as the game is rather on the short side. Either way, more than worth the money, even at full price."
76561198178602901,Recommended,460700,25405060,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,LazloDaLlama,"The underwater version of Ori and the Blind Forest. So yeah, essentially a must play."
76561198225044808,Recommended,460700,25714326,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,predatorx99,i loved playing this game!with that being said its a lot easier playing with a controller then a mouse and keyboard.its a very well told father and daughter story with beautiful destinations to look forward too.just watch out for the RED REAPERS!
,Recommended,460700,24709890,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mr. Pikachu | csgoroll.com,This game is a really good entry in the Metroidvania genre.
,Recommended,460700,34535325,Posted: 27 August,all,Zed.Avatar,"Writing this review after 100% completion.Overall, the game is worth getting.The feels are very much like Super Metroid with the notable exception being free movement and looser puzzles and combat. Combat itself becomes extremely easy, no challenge mid to late game, unless you are speedrunning or starve yourself of upgrades. There is a difficulty setting that could improve that, but the combat itself isn't interesting enough to warrant doing it longer. It DOES feel empowering which is why it doesn't detract from the experience too much. I found myself simply running past battles later on when I didn't have to complete the fight to open a door, but that is something I did in Super Metroid too.For completionists, I felt there was a bit too many collectables, it got to be a repetetive chore to get them all. And for speedrunnners I finished the game with over 9000 coins so you definately do not need to collect every treasure to get significant upgrades to your ship.If you are a big metroidvania fan, the $20 CAD full price is worth it.If you are looking for a good game, it is your choice to wait to see if it goes on sale.It was worth it to me for sure."
,Recommended,460700,24646930,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,geminidoesgames,"Beautiful world, beautiful soundtrack.  Gameplay is not perfect, but it's still good.  I ran into a couple of bugs which I explain in my review, but I believe one of them has been patched.  I thought another one, involving the market not showing upgrade costs, had been fixed as well, but after giving it another quick playthrough before editing, it doesn't look like it has been.  Please check out my full review here!https://youtu.be/6N8zWlfDxDM"
,Recommended,460700,24297407,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,An Atheist Jew,"A wonderful metroidvania title with a brilliant soundtrack that *desperately* needs an update for the PC. The Keyboard/mouse controls are *atrocious*. Aside from that, it's worth the purchase."
76561198126547201,Recommended,460700,24594798,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,JustAnotherStarlord,"I cant quite recomend this game enough, I so far havent got to far into the story of this game but from what i have played so far its got alot of promise. The graphics are beautiful but simplistic, it really goes to show you dont need ulta 4k to make a game beautiful. I have a lets play currently starting on my channel which shows off the game right herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOmihp4IfIk"
76561198077279545,Recommended,460700,29817567,Posted: 9 February,all,azureskyline28,Playing this game gave me strong flashbacks to a game I once played called Aquaria which had a similar game look as this one. The opeing level reminded me of the opening level in Aquaria too where there were areas of strong currents you could not progress through and bars of wood or what not that blocked areas. There were some mechanical monsters as well in Aquaria like in Song of the Deep. It makes me wonder if Alec Holowka and Derek Yu know about game. I even saw a review online about it. Source here:https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/07/14/song-of-the-deep-review/In any case the game is very much like a blend of Aquaria which seems to have a lot of similar aspects and Ori and Blind Forest when it comes to visuals. The framerate is a bit laggy even if running on a top-end PC (I have the 1080 on me) so maybe the devs will push a patch for that hopefully.
76561198105870750,Not Recommended,460700,28063192,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Iconoclasm,"The story is not so good, sometimes confusing. The game is actually good but as a modern metroidvania game, the most important part is boss. Boss is almost absent in this game. Even when there is a boss fight, the most things we do is to attack minions. A good modern metroidvania game(which means you do not expect play it again and again to improve your skill) should have attractive bosses and boss fights. The other part of the game is good."
76561198009391621,Recommended,460700,29707809,Posted: 4 February,all,CruxVV,My favorite game is Super Metroid and this definitely has a good Metroid feel to it.  The atmosphere and music are also pretty great.
,Recommended,460700,24798380,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,samuelsco,It's a good game but the controls are not that great.Um so stuck on the spider
,Recommended,460700,24801778,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Notorious C.C.B.,Pretty good metroidvania. Interesting to see Insomniac do something new with this game!
,Recommended,460700,28238126,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,"Hardcore fish bowl action, some lame puzzles included."
76561198001251929,Recommended,460700,34521005,Posted: 26 August,all,KasperKyd,"An awesome game, narrative, graphics, sound, gameplay. Well done."
,Recommended,460700,35146087,Posted: 23 September,all,Tolain,One of the better metroidvania games i've played in awhile
,Recommended,460700,24263426,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Master_Payne,"The game is worth having if you have a love for games with great art style, but the controls for mouse and keyboard can get frustrating at times."
76561198053491245,Not Recommended,460700,30078001,Posted: 21 February,all,KaleAzaria,"Pacing was boring, ship controls aren't quite as solid as you'd like, music is forgettable, story and characters are bland, way too much unnecassary narration, same old boss mechanics and mob enemy sequences, barely satisfying ending. Play Ori and the Blind Forest or a much better platformer than this one."
76561198175134905,Recommended,460700,24292513,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,kyle,fun
76561198065476921,Not Recommended,460700,25066721,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,logicaloctopus,"I just bought the game and this is my experience so far. It does not launch on my ""Primary"" monitor. I have one WHQL monitor in the center and one 1920 monitor on each side in portrait mode. Obviously I don't want to play the game in portrait mode. Only workaround is to use my display configuration tool and turn off other two monitors. Out of 100+ games that I own this has never been a problem before ever. Okay, so now I have only 1 monitor, and SOTD launches but now the game is stuck in portrait mode with no way of changing it. When I go into the 'options' menu it is now stuck in 'audio' settings. I did see the 'video' settings once when it ran on the side monitor but cannot get there from the menus any more. I clicked on each audio option in turn and turned them all off, but now I cannot turn them back on. It ignores my mouse clicks and I've also tried using the enter key, the numpad enter key, and the space bar to no avail. Now I cannot get into the 'video' menu or any menu within 'options' other than the audio menu. I cannot get the game into normal landscape mode. I cannot reenable any of the audio settings. I cannot play this game. I need to get my money back. Hope you fix it soon. Maybe you shouldve tested a lot more before releasing it. :( I cannot give a good review at this time. Maybe later it these issues are addressed."
76561198319890750,Not Recommended,460700,30536237,Posted: 15 March,all,Louis-Nicolas Davout,Wont even launch after I re-installed it three times.
76561197970384883,Recommended,460700,26170366,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,59%
76561198163108491,Not Recommended,460700,24320803,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Starfruit!,"This game controller is out of control. It gives you an options of using either keyboard or xbox controller, but when you chose keyboard as your controller, you can't play with it whatsoever. I'm getting refund for this."
76561198005347124,Not Recommended,460700,24382019,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Baby Seal Hunter,"PC Controls were pretty Clunky- Controller Controls were Clunky (you have to wiggle your joystick to move, obnoxious as hell) - Games could have been awesome....returned."
76561197995369485,Not Recommended,460700,24672647,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Substance,"I really like the Ratchet & Clank series, which is what pushed me to buy Song of the Deep. Insomniac's deep sea adventure looks decent and is atmospheric initially but its not built to sink you in for long. The floaty controls feel a bit less floaty when you speed up your submarine but navigating always feel like a a chore, there are some really annoying light puzzles, weight puzzles that involve physics and giant rocks. The game is easy, I sunk the final boss in less than 5 minutes. So yeah, not a very positive experience overall, I was kind of hoping for it to end quick and its not a game I'd recommend you to play."
,Recommended,460700,28577194,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kennon,Great game.  Worth buying.  That's all.
76561198087540527,Not Recommended,460700,28102693,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,killzonevic,the so called controller support is non existant. neither xbox nor dualshock work.  Dumpsterfire!
,Not Recommended,460700,24399045,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Literally The Worst,"Song of the Deep looks great, sounds great, and controls well enough but somehow manages to be less than the sum of its parts. It's primarily an adventure game with light combat elements but neither turn out to be compelling and some of the puzzles represent the worst types in the genre. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/7hTkaJwB3GQ"
,Not Recommended,460700,32185243,Posted: 4 June,all,Koushin,"Annoying encounters, boring boss fights, and repetitive puzzles. Nice music and visuals, but they won't save this game."
76561198153795710,Not Recommended,460700,24311451,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,FafnirChaos,I don't get this... Its more like watching a disney princess story. The narration is annoying and the puzzles / difficulty is really easy on normal... unless your an 8-10 year old girl get pixeljunk shooter instead.
,Not Recommended,460700,24286987,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ingloriousthomas,"1/10. The story is inadequate. every time the narrator says ANYTHING it's something like ""Maybe this random thing will lead to my father."" also there are MANY game-breaking bugs. and by game breaking, i mean that the bug moves/teleports the submarine into such positions that it is IMPOSSIBLE to progress without starting a new game entirely. after having to do this THREE TIMES, i figure i will never actually beat the game, not that it is good anyway."
76561198051955504,Recommended,460700,30383424,Posted: 7 March,all,CR24,Nice game with cute graphics. I highly recommend gamepad.
,Recommended,460700,30679599,Posted: 22 March,all,Spiral345,"People always told me ""Is this kinda like 20,000 leauges under the sea?"" And i said ""Yes, except instead of anyone being held captive in a submarine, this brave young lady builds a submarine made out of old wood and used scraps to set off to find her father, and maybe seeing some of the stuff from the stories that her father sung to her along the way and meet some friends and and a deadly creature...."" DUN DUN DUN"
,Recommended,460700,30628763,Posted: 19 March,all,JGCSOUND,Rarely is there a game that captures my imagination on a deeper level and this just so happens to be one of those games. I love platformers. I love Metroidvania. I love Song Of The Deep.
76561198051765838,Recommended,460700,30628096,Posted: 19 March,all,Nat,"Metroidvainia underwater.  Very fun, relaxing.  Rather short; I got all achievements and 100% everything in about 15 hours, and little replayability.  Combat is too easy, even on the hardest difficulty.  Some of the dexterity puzzles can be annoying, but nothing too bad."
,Recommended,460700,25050329,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Putifari,"Previously:""An awesome game that I'd like to recommend. If only it did not crash every time in the same area"".Now:- - - - and yes, the newUnityupdate did the trick. Didn't get even a hint of game crashing afterwards.The story is really sweet, gameplay mechanics excellent, and the tale-like feeling is mixed with just the right visuals and music.A game one can play to pass time, as 'tis not so difficult. Just a lot of fun."
,Recommended,460700,30823137,Posted: 29 March,all,KittyKatKuddler,"A truly great underwater game, rich with atmoshpere and fluid gameplay, a lot to explore and unlock, very nice narrative, a simple but still charming story that serves its purpose (to cover that the stories are actually meaningless in the genre ;)) and a nice soundtrack makes this one of my favourite metroidvanias on Steam so far. Fans of games like Guacamelee or Ori and the Blind Forest will immediately feel home.Thumbs up for this... and Merryl's swimsuit!"
76561198300989770,Recommended,460700,24657337,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,6The6evil6one,This game was very enjoyable. Very relaxing and has a good story. I recommend it.
,Recommended,460700,24619002,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Monstrum Domina,"I just finished the game. All I have to say is, Wow!Everything from the music to the artwork is amazing. The puzzles are a bit trying and some of the enemies can be, too. But the story was engaging, the characters were fun! Was not a fan of the red reapers. I do not like deathless squids, kthnx.I was very excited for this game and it was totally worth the $15!  Overall, it was a fantastic game. The controls could use a little bit of work but, still, the game was wonderful. :]"
76561197970784637,Recommended,460700,24619809,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Scorpion242,Took 7 hours to complete but I did not try to collect every upgrade/secret. Enjoyed it!
,Recommended,460700,25969584,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Othik,"Lovely game, beautifull graphics, great music and sound, fun gameplay with lots of variations."
,Recommended,460700,25972848,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cardelitre,"Great metroidvania-like game, more oriented on puzzles than combat. Pleasant underwater atmosphere supported by a good musical score. Reminds a bit the memorable Aquaria in the style and concept. Definitely worth playing if you like this genre."
,Recommended,460700,25945366,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Geektopia,"Gorgeous. Loved me some Metroid back in the day and this scratches that itch. Design-wise it has a lovelysense of cohesion. Clearly, there was a single vision for this game. Yet to finish but enjoying every step of the way."
,Recommended,460700,25869343,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Vienticus Prime,"As soon as I heard that this game came from Insomniac games, I had to get it. Ratchet and Clank is one of my favorite series and they made so many good games.  I am happy to say that this game did not disappoint. It was fun, rewarding, and had just the right amount of challenge."
,Recommended,460700,26015182,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,nathan.zumwalt,"Cool art style, good gameplay and awesome music (which I usually don't even notice).  Song of the Deep has a good story, but it doesn't get in the way with long cut scenes... mainly it's told through voice-overs.  The combat and special abilities feel nice and for the most part the puzzle-solving areas aren't frustrating.  As long as you pick up some of the upgrades as you go, the game isn't hard, which I appreciate sometimes.  My only small complaint is there is no reason to collect all the treasures.  By the time I was two thirds of the way through, I already completely upgraded by sub and still had ~40 treasures uncollected.  As far as I can tell, there is no reward for getting 100%."
76561198301789013,Recommended,460700,24316700,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SilverKnight,"This game is awesome, but i have encountered some bugs and it crashed just recently. Pleace fix the problems, so we can enjoy this beautiful masterpiece :)"
76561198054858123,Recommended,460700,28078421,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wataru,"Very good game. Visually astounishing. Although sound design is not perfect and soundtrack didn't impress me, it is in no way making this game bad. The story is simple and naive, but I really enjoyed the gameplay.Yes, before you ask, this game is similar to Aquaria - my whole time favourite game. Frankly speaking, it was the reason why I even brought Song of the Deep. However, this game has it's own gameplay style and many different things are made much better than in Aquaria. For example, map always showing all the treasures you've seen is just genious. Gameplay and puzzles are all interesting and engaging.Overall, I had plenty of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,460700,28048170,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,loopguy,"If you are into MetroidVania style games this one's for you!The gameplay is similar to ""Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet"" and the artstyle reminds me of ""Ori And The Blind Forest""."
76561198030963363,Recommended,460700,27759869,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Del1968,"A very nice Metroidvania style game that seems to have been slightly overlooked. Good narration in the game with an interesting story. Some good puzzles to solve that require use of your submarine but also leaving the sub to swim about. Reminded me a bit like Aquaria, but nicer graphics and a bit more enjoyable. I would highly recommend this game."
76561198200665858,Recommended,460700,27691824,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,megamrbeta,"ever since i heard of this game came out ive been waiting to play it, and this past steam sale, well, it was on sale. I bought it as soon as i saw it. Probably one of my favorite games. the game is just so soothing, with the music, back grounds, story, even though it have combat i would say it has a gental touch to it."
76561198001298753,Recommended,460700,28738677,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kuldran,reminds me of Aquaria or ecco the dolphin
76561197967986738,Recommended,460700,28932166,Posted: 2 January,all,CptHowdy,Very good side scroller/shot em up that doesn't out stay its welcome.
,Recommended,460700,29127063,Posted: 8 January,all,DrArchon,"A marvelous Metroid-like game that easily ranks alongside Ori and the Blind Forest and other indie darlings.  With a touching story, great narration, inventive and challenging puzzles, gorgeous visual design, and a good OST, Song of the Deep is a true gem of a game.  It's not without it's flaws though.  The combat is rough with everyone swimming about underwater and your main attack is crap until you get some upgrades for it.  Speaking of upgrades, the upgrades you earn as you progress through the game are great, but the ones you purchase for money are a little underwhelming.  This is doubly bad as the vast majority of rewards for solving optional puzzles and exploration are money, meaning that once you have the only upgrades you care about there isn't much reason to go through these challenges.Still, the game is a lot of fun, and it looks and sounds amazing.  If you wanted another Metroid-like game that feels like a forgotten classic animated movie, be sure to pick this up."
,Recommended,460700,29329913,Posted: 17 January,all,smeredith,"Song of the Deep is an underwater (2D) metroidvania, with a story inspired by Irish folk tales.The graphics are fitting and beautiful.  There is a great deal of background art, and the world looks ""full"".  The cutscenes look like children's book illustrations, which fits the folk tale like theme of the story.Travel around the game world and combat revolves around the typical metroidvania type set of upgrades and skills.  This of course will involve a lot of backtracking through the world, and picking up items and treasure you were not able to get earlier in the game.  Many of the upgrades bought for treasures are worthwhile, but many of the charged upgrade items hidden through the world are not that useful.  Most of the hidden upgrade items don't really solve any ""metroidvania style gating"" mechanics like they do in similar games.Combat is fun, up to a point.  The first major boss is pretty enjoyable, but they get less interesting as the game goes on.  There is not much variety in enemy types, and they don't change much during the course of the game (mainly only requiring more hits to defeat).  The final boss fight is very disappointing.  There are difficulty levels, but overall the game is not too difficult.A number of areas in the game involve time sensitive puzzles, and several of them are required to complete the game.  These can often become very frustrating and time consuming.  In many cases, the puzzles are to demonstrate how to use your latest acquired ability or upgrade, but in some of the puzzles, your new ability hinders rather than helps solve the puzzles.  Overall it was not frustrating enough to quit the game, but it's something I would mentiion to anyone interested in playing.Music and voice acting are good and fitting to the game.Inevitably, this game will be compared to Aquaria, an older but very similar mostly-underwater metroidvania.  Overall, Aquaria is a better game, with a larger game world, very enjoyable boss fights, incredible music, and far more secrets and optional tasks to do.  If you have already completed everything you wanted to in Aquaria and in any community mods, then it's worth giving Song of the Deep a try (especially if you get it on sale)."
76561197972183032,Recommended,460700,29710589,Posted: 4 February,all,omahaniley,Like Metroid but instead of sci-fi in space it's fantasy below the sea. Not as exciting and ominous as Metroid but visually it's gorgous with some beautiful music and tells a more intimate story. Really enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,460700,29264457,Posted: 14 January,all,AsatorPrime,I like this game for very much the same reasons I loved Child of Light and that is the atmosphere and the relaxing feeling I get when playing it. It's a charming game that just draws you in and makes you forget about real life.
,Recommended,460700,29817056,Posted: 9 February,all,Show_Key,"Beautiful game, lovingly written and designed. Captivating story, challenging and unique gameplay, amazing level designs and level art, and an enchanting soundtrack that matches the feel excellently.Some scattered technical issues, but not really game breaking and a simple restart cleared them up."
76561198021263677,Recommended,460700,29787803,Posted: 8 February,all,evan.scott,"This is a sweet little game.And it is little, only a few hours of playtime to get to the end - I took my time and basically went for completionism (though I didn't quite get everything, close though).Very suitable for younger gamers, which is a rarity, but perfectly enjoyable for all ages.The art is beautiful, great story-book style.  The music is a delight.  For a 'platformer' the combination of underwater action with the soothing music is remarkably relaxing.The puzzles are mostly not too challenging, although I did find myself scratching my head frequently enough to not feel like it was just trivial.  I liked very much that there is not always only one way to solve the puzzles, although I did find myself a few times  doing it the hard way to begin with until I stopped and thought about it for a bit.The combat is ok - I did find that while they've provided a fairly wide range of attacks that you can pick and choose from, most of them went unused in the end - the variety might be there, but the utility just doesn't seem worth it.  Perhaps a bit more variety of enemies would have made the various more fancy torpedo skills worth it.  There isn't that much variety of hostiles, but then it's really a puzzler rather than a shooter, the enemies are there to make a more dynamic world with a bit of tension.Towards the later parts of the game you will run into trapped rooms, and the first time this happened to me I thought it was bugged, but there was always a way out if I was persistent enough.The only real glitch I found was that having Merrin out swimming outside of the sub there were 4 or 5 times where she became stuck in scenery, just in the normal course of poking around ... but this wasn't a major problem because you can warp back to the sub at will and try again.So yeah, a short, sweet well crafted game that manages to balance being almost relaxing to play without becoming boring."
,Recommended,460700,29882801,Posted: 12 February,all,Professor Pat Pending,"Fantastic Game, beautiful story, simple gameplay and a decent sized map with a lot of secrets to find and puzzles to figure out. all weapons and gadgets can be used in ways out of the ordinary and come with nice upgrades."
