user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197976721768,Recommended,460790,31129370,Posted: 13 April,all,Hey it's Ramza,"This is how business is supposed to be done.Fans ask for an old console favorite, to be ported to pc.Publisher and developer actually listen?!They release a port that works, needs no day 1 patch, works just like the old one did.AND all at an affordable price..... these are behaviors that should be rewarded."
,Recommended,460790,31081020,Posted: 11 April,all,Nawnee,"Bayonetta. On. PC.What some companies don't understand is that most PC gamers only emulate games because we want to play them on PC. We don't emulate them so that we can steal them. Just make them for PC, and most of us will happily give you our money.Keep it up SEGA :)"
,Recommended,460790,31080085,Posted: 11 April,all,Stalker Paukštis,"Gameplay & Story:It's action hack & slash game with spectacular fights. You play as a sexy shapeshifting witch ""Bayonetta"".  There's fancy combos, executions like for example in one of them Bayonetta is slapping enemy before sending it to the guillotine, attacking enemies with huge  stiletto high heel.   Like in most this type games during gameplay you will get more weapons and ""halos"" to purchase more hp, abilities, items. Story is over top but interesting to fallow.Technical aspects:Constant locked 60 FPS with max graphics at 1080p with GTX 960, no fullscren bug like NieR:Automata, but cutscenes locked at 30 FPS. Also it's playable with mouse and keyboard controls, you can use mouse in game menu but it's harder to control camera during gameplay so better to use controller. Characters textures are better than environment. There's Anti-Aliasing (None - MSAA X16), Texture, Shadow, SSAO Quality (Low - High), Texture Filtering (AF X16), HDR.And who don't like to play as sexy witch?Thank you Sega & Platinum games better late than never."
,Recommended,460790,32292426,Posted: 9 June,all,Gao Li,"9/10 – Her Milkshake brings all the Boys to the YardWarning, Bayonetta might cause epileptic seizures and motion sicknessBefore talking about gameplay, dodging during Chapter XIV, Verses 1 & 2 will rotate the entire screen, which may lead to motion sickness. Furthermore, due to rapidly flashing lights during some battles, epilepsy patients might consider staying away from this one.Due to Steam's character limit, this is a slightly altered version of the original review. For the full version, go toGao Li Occasionally ReviewsCenturies ago, the Lumen sages & Umbran witches lived spread out across Europe. One controlled the light & served angels; the other dwelled in darkness & made pacts with demons. Still, they worked together to assure balance in the world. Then, after centuries of peace, their fragile equilibrium was suddenly broken when a baby was brought to this world by a Lumen father & an Umbran mother, for both groups believed that a child of mixed heritage would bring with it the age of calamity.A conflict between the clans erupted that threw all of Europe into chaos. Though the witches were able to destroy the Lumen during the course of this war, the exhausted sorceresses’ victory was short-lived; people grew to distrust them & began the witch hunts. All of the Umbra died, all except for one. Suffering from memory loss, the sorceress now lives in present-day North America & tries to piece the clues of her origin back together. After her friend, Enzo, tells her about an object called the Right Eye of the World that would help her remember her past, Bayonetta travels to the fictional city of Vigrid, Spain to find it.The Quality of the PC portTo get the most important question out of the way: Will the PC release from 2017 play on your old computer? Yes, yes, it will. I played this on a 32-bit Windows Vista Home Premium desktop PC with an Intel Core 2 CPU, 3070 MB RAM, DirectX 11, & a GeForce 9500 GT graphics card without any trouble, after I had set the graphics to “Custom” & then lowered every stat. The game ran with 30 frames per second (fps) most of the time, but slowed down to around 15 fps during effect filled scenes. These frame drops are not distracting to those used to playing on weaker rigs. Be that as it may, those with more contemporary machines will be happy to hear that this over-the-top adventure does support 60 fps with a 4k resolution.Bayonetta also lets players freely switch between their gamepad & the keyboard & mouse combination at any point. It’s also great that all keys are rebindable, so players can use whichever button arrangement they are comfortable with. In view of this, Bayonetta does feature one of the weirdest design choices ever: Moving the mouse around does almost nothing. Sure, some QTEs require players to move the computer mouse in a circular motion, which works fine, but outside of that, it does not control the camera.If one wants the viewing angle readjusted or have it face in a certain direction, they have to press the corresponding keys on their keyboard, which can be distracting in tight situations & feels cumbersome in others. Of course, the game wants players to only occasionally readjust the camera & it has a dedicated key to put it right behind the witch, but it still takes some getting used to.GameplayFrom the get-go Bayonetta blasts off with the speed of light & will continuously keep players’ heart rates at a relaxing 180 bpm. Players first meet up with the witch as she fights an onslaught of adversaries on top of a falling clock tower, & things just becomes more absurd as well as extreme as the story goes on, with bosses that are the size of entire buildings, flashy, bright colors, coupled with one-liners. If taken seriously, the game might offend a few people along the way, but most will likely notice that Bayonetta just cranks up everything to “extreme” to give everyone unjaded fun. And as this is an action title by Platinum Games, it really does deliver on the fast-paced combat.Luckily, the developers had put a lot of thought into the difficulty settings to make Bayonetta surprisingly accessible to everyone, with modes ranging from “Very Easy” – wherein the enemies are all weaker & the game helps the player perform combos – to ∞ Climax – wherein angels are incredibly tough & “Witch Time” has been disabled. Even unlocking secret items or playable characters is inclusive as they can be gotten either by fulfilling certain objectives or through the public telephone cheats. Still, some parts of the game are hard, really hard, especially Alfheim.Throughout the game are twenty-one hidden challenge rooms called Alfheim, which require players to understand & implement their knowledge of the mechanics. Though these rooms seem insurmountable at first glance, those who have completed the game at least once or put a little bit of thought into things will find them doable. The vast majority of them can even be beaten after the first couple of tries, except for one room; Alfheim number 12 in Chapter VI, Verse 4 is dreadfully demanding & way too hard. The other smaller gripes are that some cutscenes are of the “press X to not die” variety & that the Umbran Tears Of Blood collectibles don’t make any sound when Bayonetta is near them, making hunting all of them down without a guide almost impossible. Both of these design choices are missteps in an otherwise stellar game.Crotch ShotsThe developers seemed to have conducted a lot of research on witches in medieval Europe & tried to make them more appealing for modern times. Like in folklore, the witches shown in Bayonetta are notably sexual & derive their powers from their hair. Unfortunately, this did not sit well with many in North America for which this title & its sequel (2014) received heavy criticism, but also praise.Sadly, several critics appear to have not informed their reader- & viewerships about women like Mari Shimazaki (島崎麻里, designed Bayonetta), Akiko Kuroda (黒田晶子, producer of Bayonetta 2), or Mai Ohkura (大倉麻衣, concept artist at Platinum Games), who were key personnel in the creation of Bayonetta 1 & 2. Nor did they elaborate on how much the designs drew from European folklore, mysticism, & Judeo-Christian theology, or elaborate on the overall tone of the game, which might have led to a false impression amongst consumers followed by controversy. In the end, the sorceress is not so much a sexualized, but more of a sexually empowered character, comparable to how Dante in DmC: Devil May Cry (2013) is portrayed. Sadly, the same cannot be said for “Joy” in Bayonetta, who is the only angel that’s forced on to the Spanish donkey (often used in BDSM) during one of the witch’s torture attacks. It is the only clearly gendered attack & the game could’ve done without it.ConclusionOverall, Bayonetta is loads of fun to play for anyone who is into bright, action-packed video games, especially since it welcomes both casual & hardcore audiences.  The protagonist is very likable & the way the adventure escalates is simply spellbinding. One ride on this carousel takes around twelve hours, but offers so much replayability that many will find themselves going for a couple more rounds. Unlocking everything requires around 100 hours, quite a lot of mileage for the admission price, during which the game, surprisingly, does not get boring. Unfortunately there are a couple of little things here & there that are an annoyance whenever they pop up – like how finding all collectibles can be quite unintuitive or how some mechanics could’ve been explained better – but are forgotten as soon as the game continues. With all that said, Bayonetta is a great game that really concentrates on fun & spectacle over anything else. Players who are okay with colorful video games will like it."
,Recommended,460790,31090319,Posted: 11 April,all,dream,Pro: Bayonetta on PCCon: Bayonetta 2 not on PC
,Recommended,460790,31080384,Posted: 11 April,all,arbingordon,"Pros:Everything a great port should be, A+.Cons:Now I want Bayonetta 2 in 4K glory too.Edit: It looks like 21:9 AR isn't really supported, but that's still the case even with most new games - I can hardly fault platinum for not supporting it at release.  Also, AA seems to be broken, still looks spectacular however."
,Recommended,460790,31080316,Posted: 11 April,all,Vermilion Wlad,"Supports 1440, mouse control, Borderless Window and even has a variety of graphics option. Surprising to see this quality port from Platinum, but welcome nonetheless."
,Recommended,460790,32077195,Posted: 30 May,all,Nick Blaster,"It's Bayonetta.You've either already played this game and wanna replay because it was a good game, or you haven't played this game before but probably heard good things about it ...and all the good things you've heard is true ! So all that matters is the optimization and it's as good as it could be !Enjoy playing the game."
,Recommended,460790,31110780,Posted: 12 April,all,BlueKaiTheEnd,"So my class ended, I was hungry, Ordered some food, Saw Bayonetta on Steam, Canceled my food order, Bought BayonettaLunch money well spent~"
,Recommended,460790,31089816,Posted: 11 April,all,[ETHANBRADBERRY] CJ,Bought the game for a third time now. Would buy again on the Switch too (hint hint).Great port - do Vanquish next!
,Recommended,460790,31124510,Posted: 13 April,all,FANTAK,BRING VANQUISH!...and Bayonetta 2
76561198065628419,Recommended,460790,31081381,Posted: 11 April,all,Martyven,"IT'S SO SMOOTH AND BUTTERY.For real though, the game was optimised with cocaine and the tears of Elder Gods."
,Recommended,460790,31094661,Posted: 12 April,all,Trippi,"10/10 this is how you make great pc port, 60fps 4k resolution and its only use 980mb/3.5gb in my gtx 970"
,Recommended,460790,32700292,Posted: 23 June,all,Doot,"*Playing game*Game is pretty good, nothing too interes-*Sees a boss*HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!*Defeats boss*HOLY CRAP THAT WAS AMAZING!"
,Recommended,460790,32145329,Posted: 2 June,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Bayonetta is that game that journalists pretend they don't like.You play as Bayonetta, a lady that is unfortunately not my...Uh. I don't exactly know what I would like her to be. Bayonetta is a witch, and that means she shoots angels.  Not to be confused with Bullet Witch from 2006.After being locked away in a coffin for a few years, Bayonetta's business partner Enzo discovers the “Right eye”, something that Bayonetta hopes will unlock details about her past. So Bayonetta travels to Vigrid and attempts to retrieve the eye bynegotiation and savvy business practiceshooting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything with wings.Bayonetta plays like a spiritual successor to Devil May Cry. A hack and slash action game around dodging and combos. You have two buttons for attack, one for your arms, and one for your legs. Pistols are your forte for both your arms and legs, but you can swap out your pistols for other weapons like claws, whips, the coolest sword in video game history, and a light saber.Unfortunately you can't equip the sword to your feet and kick around like some crazy Liberian cyborg stripper.The enemies in Bayonetta are what make the combat system come full circle. The majority of them are challenging enough to not be a cake walk, but not overly brutal to the point that the game mechanics are useless against them. It's one of those games were you can dance around anything that gets in your way as long as you let yourself learn how the game plays and what works with what.Except for Gracious and Glorious. Those two are not welcome in my dumpster. It's like fighting brick walls that shoot back.While Bayonetta isn't overly difficult, it's also not all that forgiving. The game scores you from fight to fight in what it calls a “Verse.” Each Verse you are graded by how well you do. Combos as well as completion time factor into how well you are scored, while you lose points for damage taken or items use. The scores go anywhere from platinum to stone ranking.I got mostly stone ranking because I am garbage and usually under the influence of mysterious substances.Bayonetta herself is an interesting character, and by that I mean she is a♥♥♥♥♥♥talking queen. Everything she does she does so with an air of confidence, but if I couldSurvive falling from orbitI'd probably be pretty confident as well. There's also a surprising amount of lore in the game, if you're willing to do some reading.You should probably, at the very least, give Bayonetta a try. We're probably not going to see the second game, but the first game is still a pretty good ride. My game played at a constant 60 fps and I didn't seem to have any noticeable frame drops.The game does kind of run out of steam near the end, considering you fight the first two bosses around four times each, and the last two bosses twice each, at least I remember fighting them twice.If I had to give a score I would say...Eight? Yeah, eight.Bayonetta gets 8 out out more than 8.The war of 1812 actually ended in 1815.The Curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curation"
,Recommended,460790,32629229,Posted: 21 June,all,NBlast,"Welcome to MY Fantasy ZonePeople may look at Bayonetta’s design and dismiss it as something not worthy of their time, but the truth is that they are making disservice to themselves. Under the veil of constant innuendos, silly sexual posing, and pole dancing is the absolute peak of what the spectacle fighter genre has to offer, and the game delivers itwith style.Bayonetta obviously does not take itself seriously. This absolute lack of consideration for the common sense eventually hurts the game’s story fragments which become more incomprehensible the more you look into them, but you are not here for the stupid story, right? You are here to kick some serious♥♥♥♥♥in this visceral antithesis of DOOM, where instead of gunning down hell spawn as masculine badass, you end up spanking heavenly messengers as no-less-badass lady… using her magical hair to do so. Other common scenes include: suplexing a giant angelic dragon, fighting on top of a fired war-missile, playing volleyball with set of huge demonic hands, or accidentally ending all the possible debates between astronomers in topic of Pluto being a planet (this one unfortunately will score you a Game Over screen so keep this in mind as a tip). The point is that Platinum delivers a game of stupidly and unapologetically over the top action that doesn't stop being awesome throughout its whole run.I’m also impressed with how deep the gameplay mechanics can go despite looking deceptively simple. This ties to the difficulty level of the game which is a tad too high when selecting Normal for the first time. You will miss important dodges, misjudge enemy attack cues, mash buttons instead of comboing, and your general understanding of the game will not be enough to scrape above the lowest skill ratings. Enemies get tougher and tougher and you will end up dying pretty often, all while still having jolly good fun, which in the end is really impressive. I will recommend to try the New Game+ mode after finishing the game, but still setting the difficulty to Normal. You will see yourself improving significantly and discovering more interesting tricks up Bayonetta’s sleeve. All of it is a very satisfying process that shows developers’ design forte and ensures the replayability.Battle system is the game’s biggest part and there aren’t that many more important gameplay mechanics to speak of. There is some basic exploration here and there, which is decent, and a few minigames played out throughout the campaign which are also adding up to the pile of positives I have for the game. Aside for the story and locations being copy-pasted between chapters quite often, I cannot really find any more faults that require special mention. There are the graphics which are a little aged all things considered, and the PC port that, while being quite good, has some minor quirks. Summarizing, there is nothing wrong that anabsolutely sexysoundtrack cannot fix with its joyful and jazzy tunes and impressive choral themes for the angelic enemies.You like action games? Then shut up, buy a lollipop and sensually lick it while playing Bayonetta. You definitely will be looking stupid in the process, but on the brighter side of this flight to the moon – you will experience one of the best, if not THE BEST, games from the action genre."
,Recommended,460790,31098800,Posted: 12 April,all,Harry,"When 2B's Asss is not enough, Bayonetta is here on PC to fulfill our lust ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198207579020,Recommended,460790,31173283,Posted: 16 April,all,"Pusheen, the Euphoric",I want Bayo 2 for Steam pls Gabenpls
,Recommended,460790,31139824,Posted: 14 April,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Bayonetta is a fond throwback to the days of 3-D action games, not unlike Devil May Cry or God Of War. A majority of the game involves running around fairly linear paths, having the path close off, and having to defeat enemies to progress. Nothing too special. Fortunately, though, the combat is absolute gold. Bayonetta has all of the moves Dante had back in Devil May Cry, like jumping, melee, and shooting attacks, among a few unique traits as well. For example, holding down the punch or kick button lets Bayonetta use the guns strapped to her hands and feet. Rotating the movement analog stick and pressing the attack button lets Bayonetta go into an odd shooting sequence where players blast enemies with repeated gunfire. The most interesting inclusion to combat, and generally the most profitable, is Witch Time. By dodging enemy attacks at the very last second, Bayonetta can slow down time and attack enemies for extra damage and points. These skills are the tip of the iceberg and once more abilities are added to Bayonetta's arsenal, the game shifts into overdrive. It just never stops.Pros+ Fantastic combat system is stylish, diverse, and unquestionably visceral+ Incredible graphics make combat flashy and intense+ Multiple difficulties and game medals will keep you coming back+Excellent style and overall game design+Quirky characters and storyCons- Storyline delivery can be pretty cheesy- Not a huge penalty for dying-No WQHD supportNow before I start, I'll mention that I'm a big DMC fan, as well as a moderate God of War fan, but I think it's safe to say that Platinum Games have made an action game on par with DMC 3 and GoW 2 (which are my favourite games in the 2 series gameplay wise).Unlike DMC and GoW, there is no “Devil Trigger/Rage “ mode in this game. Instead, magic is used for Torture Attacks, which are powerful (sometimes 1-hit-KO) attacks that vary per enemy, you can continuously push the marked button to get extra Halos (Halos are the currency for the game, where you can buy healing items, accessories (more on them later) and techniques, amongst other things). Magic is also used for special abilities from techniques or accessories.The enemies start off simple, not unlike Devil May Cry, but they slowly grow in size and stature. New weapons from fallen enemies change up the gameplay considerably, especially when switching items on the fly. The bosses are absolutely tremendous, some of the best ever seen in the genre. Leviathan angels and monstrous demons appear and dynamically change the way the boss fight is made. If taking out a monster over a pit of lava isn't big enough for you, try attacking a beast while in a free-falling stone temple. Yeah, Bayonetta doesn't skip on the showmanship, resulting in an absolutely unforgettable rollercoaster ride of an action game.The familiarities to Devil May Cry don't end there. Bayonetta can rack up points with stylish and diverse combat, while also earning medals throughout depending on time, defense, and combat style (a kind homage to another Clover Studios title, Viewtiful Joe). Bayonetta can also earn Halos to spend on new weapons and skills in the Gates of Hell, or find hidden items to trade for more powerful stats. Aside from the combat, things can slow down considerably, especially when solving simple puzzles or avoiding environmental hazards. The combat still takes serious precedence in Bayonetta and the fact that it's so powerfully satisfying makes the minor problems disappear almost entirely. One minor issue is the lack of any serious penalty for dying. The worst that happens is a point deduction, but fans of the genre will push their skills to their limits. If you're aiming for high scores and awards (and unlockable difficulty settings), Bayonetta is definitely challenging. However, if you're after a simple run-through of the story (for shame!), Bayonetta can feel a bit forgiving.The levels are pretty linear, with a set number of encounters in each one. After you finish battling in each separate encounter, you are given a medal ranking based on your performance. One thing that I found strange is that if you go through the level and even find all the “off the path” areas, you still won't engage in every battle. You have to back track to find them. Problem is, there is really no reason to back track except to find these extra battles. In some levels, I still haven't found every encounter (maybe I need an accessory I haven't bought?). This is odd to me, but doesn't hurt the gameplay unless you yearn to get every medal.To mix things up, Bayonetta's most original feature is its dodging system. In order to defeat enemies easier and avoid hazardous obstacles, you must master the right trigger. You have to pull the trigger just before you are about to take damage, and you will go into Witch Time. This is a slow-motion segment that allows you to attack your enemies with little to no chance of them hitting you. It's highly useful, and also comes into play in puzzle situations, so it doesn't feel just like a gimmicky gameplay mechanic and actually feels like a fleshed out feature in the game.Enemy variety also becomes an issue. The game tends to repeat bosses way too much, and without the added thrill of seeing them and defeating them like you get when you face them originally, it just feels like you are treading old ground. The people behind this game have created some of the most iconic video game monsters in history; there is no reason they couldn't have been more original with their enemy design.On the bright side, the sometimes repetitive gameplay is broken up with vehicular segments that are high-octane and thrilling. These require a ton of skill to beat on the more difficult gameplay modes and yield pretty awesome moments. However, they go on for too long and lose a bit of their impact. It would have made more sense to separate out these gameplay segments over the game instead of just having a few long segments.GradingGRAPHICS: Excellent- Not the best graphics 3.7/5SOUND: Great- Good voice work through out, 3.5/5CONTROLS: Great- Fantastic fighting controls, a ton of moves can be combo-ed into any other move. 4.8/5GAMEPLAY: Excellent- One of the few triple A actions games out there. Dante and Kratos have new competition. 4.7/5Play Time/Replayability-The game is a standard 8-12 hours for an action game, but because of the great combat mechanics, the game is sure to keep on giving after the first playthrough.  4/5Final Verdict 4.3/5Bayonetta is a great game.the game designers had an idea, stuck with it, and didn't try to make it everyone's game. They made a really good beat ‘em up game that stands tall right next to games like DMC nad GOW.Good work Sega, But too bad the sequel is only playable on Nintendo System, although you can play it on cemu emulator.Buy:it is a must buy and must play game with reasonable pricing."
,Recommended,460790,31177882,Posted: 16 April,all,D2Synua,The best Devil May Cry game is finally on Steam.
,Recommended,460790,32849522,Posted: 27 June,all,jimbobslimbob,"Bayonetta is a fast paced combat action game with fluid animations, gameplay and lots of stuff to kill. Similar in a lot of ways to the Devil May Cry series.You play Bayonetta - a sassy witch that seems to like getting herself into trouble. She is a great main character with witty dialogue, questionable morals and looks that could kill. Along the way you will meet angels, demons and all manner of wacky people and creatures that have some of the boldest (and weirdest) designs I have seen. While there isn't much to the story, it's not a large issue since the rest of the game is just so much fun.The main focus of the game is mastering the combat system. The system itself is easy to get to grips with but very difficult to master. This is a hard game - you will die a lot. However, once you spend some time with the game and get to know its nuances and enemy types it becomes pure joy to play. The combat is extremely fluid, responsive and fun.Graphically it looks surprisingly good for a game this old, but the beauty of it sometimes gets lost in the frantic panic of combat. Sound and music is also spot on, along with some nice voice acting and cut-scenes that are very well done. I have had a few issues with stuttering that seem to occur when wind (or rain) effects are on screen. Weirdly, pausing the game and then unpausing fixes it - if only for a short time. This is a great shame as it makes some levels more difficult when you are fighting against the game engine as well as all the enemies. Apprently I am not alone in this regard, but the recent patch they brought out has not solved the issue for me. I should note, however, that generally speaking the game runs silky smooth.So, to summarise, it's a fast paced combat action game that is unforgiving and difficult at the best of times, but rewarding when you ""get into the groove"".Jimbo Rating: 7/10 (would be 8/10 without the stuttering weather bug)"
,Recommended,460790,31080627,Posted: 11 April,all,MrHToast,Port looks fine.Locked to 60 FPSSupport for Higher Resolutions. No .ini or something required. I paly at 1440p.Runs lock solid on 60 FPS. Cutsceens are in 30 FPS.
,Recommended,460790,31193764,Posted: 16 April,all,Dramaking85,"I normally never write reviews but this game is a MAJOR exception. Having played Bayonetta on PS3, Xbox 360 and WiiU I would have to say this is by far the best port. The loading times are godly fast. To get from Vigrid to the Gates of Hell takes less than 5 seconds, I was extreamly impressed. When this happened to me the first time I started doing something else to pass the load time but got stopped when it just loaded without having to wait, I wanted to weep with joy.The first console I played Bayonetta on was the PS3 where you could retile your bathroom before it was even halfway done with loading so just to see it then and now was incredable. The visuals are just breath-takingly stunning and never have I spammed F12 more than this game. Getting used to the controls is harder in my opinion so I think I'll be going out to buy a controller.I never shut up about Bayonetta anyway but now I have become insufferable the ammount I talk about it. I even texted my boyfriend that Bayonetta had finally come on Steam and he replyed with ""Have I lost you to this game again now? Is this the end of our relationship?""Thank you SO much Platinum games for this vastly superior port to an already amazing game!"
,Recommended,460790,31112467,Posted: 13 April,all,[MM] WMan22,"Bayonetta is a wonderful hack and slash game with lots of depth that deserves your attention, even if you're a newcomer to the genre. Highly recommended, and very fun.It's a fantastic port that reportedly runs on reasonably older hardware pretty well; Thankfully Denuvo DRM free, and appropriately priced for the age of the game. I have already purchased and beaten this for WiiU which is why you probably don't see a lot of time invested into this on steam, but I've made it my mission to double dip for a port that actually had effort put into it and didn't screw it's paying customers over with draconian DRM.Hopefully Vanquish is next on the list of top tier PC ports from Sega, that's something I'm really looking forward to buying in the future."
76561198074864824,Recommended,460790,31088505,Posted: 11 April,all,Juanderful 101,Buy  this so Vanquish can come to pc.Edit: It actually happened!
,Recommended,460790,31148001,Posted: 14 April,all,Sir Digby,"This is cool and all, but can we get Vanquish on PC now?"
,Recommended,460790,31080440,Posted: 11 April,all,Shankee,The port our goddess deserved. Welcome home.
76561198269607080,Recommended,460790,33811194,Posted: 26 July,all,Draknar,Give us bayonetta 2 already ffs
,Recommended,460790,31517027,Posted: 2 May,all,fireheartt,"A must-have for any fan of hack n' slash titles.-Solid gameplay, offers a good challenge;-No FPS drop;-Fair price at launch;-No Day-1 patches needed;-A nice example of how a game should be ported;If you like savage combos in Devil May Cry style, violence and some booty-shaking, don't wait and buy it already."
,Recommended,460790,31134514,Posted: 14 April,all,Gatsu,"Such an amazing, stylish, action packed and hot game so far <(^_^)>. PC port is fantastic. I never bought or played Bayonetta before, even though if I could have done that a million times. Buy this and we might get the epic Vanquish on Steam.Give us them all Platinum Games :D!"
,Recommended,460790,31118479,Posted: 13 April,all,eXtonix,"Played the game back then on my X360, and it's definitely one of the best Action Games out there, which especially shines on the music, gameplay and ""style""-spectrum. There is no way around this game if you're a fan of games like Devil May Cry or Metal Gear Rising,"
,Recommended,460790,31089394,Posted: 11 April,all,jediyoshi,FLY 👏 ME 👏 TO 👏 THE 👏 MOON
,Recommended,460790,31127512,Posted: 13 April,all,Lance,"Great PC port.now pls give us Bayonetta 2, Kamiya-samaEDIT: ♥♥♥♥ you nintendo :^("
,Recommended,460790,31095409,Posted: 12 April,all,Plutie Cutie,i seriously cannot believe it actually happened.
,Recommended,460790,31117833,Posted: 13 April,all,Mike,One of the best PC ports I've ever played.
,Recommended,460790,31240258,Posted: 19 April,all,Temko,"I don't need to exalt the virtue of Bayonetta as a title - Its one of the best, if not THE best Spectacle fighter on the market. Excellent art, design, combat mechanics and gameplay pacing combine this into a near perfect game.And now it's on PC for a reasonable price? Hell yeah.Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xESunRXLSNoText:Ok, so it's a game from 2010, and while it's showing its age graphically in places. Especially in terms of ground textures, tessellation, foliage and AA / color depth. In terms of its animations it feels like a release of today. Fluid animations that flow and choreograph the combat and gameplay flawlessly and it's exactly that flawless gameplay that makes this game very much NOT an outdated title. Obviously, the unique artstyle and worldbuilding don't harm the title either.That said, this isn't new - and the PC Version doesn't add anything to that excellent mix. But what it does add is a nice mix of resolution support up to 4k (no ultra-wide though) and a solid performance at 60FPS (locked to 60). Adding to that is support for keyboard / mouse with rebindable keys, that while not fully recommended for this type of game, works surprisingly well.While the graphical options leave something to be desired they are not a major point of complaint overall, outside the fact that the AA settings don't appear to have any effect and there is some serious screen tearing with Vsync disabled.That said ... at the end of the day its a $20 dollar release for an still excellent title on a stable PC Port. I'd be insane not to scream my recommendations for this one from the rooftops. Bayonetta is excellence, wrapped in a bow of awesome."
,Recommended,460790,31080390,Posted: 11 April,all,silly'Goose,"Godly SEGA remixes that are as good as Sonic & All Stars Racing Transformed ☑Platinum game ☑Runs at 60 FPS with a NVIDA 970 3.5GB ☑4K Support ☑Collects rings, I mean halos (Sonic reference) ☑SPACE HARRIER, OUTRUN, AND AFTERBURNER REMIXES ☑Plays like Bayonetta in Smash 4 ☑I am one happy SEGA Fanboy right now. I only bought it for the SEGA remixes, but I didn't expect the gameplay to be so much fun. If you love the SEGA classics as much as me, this is a must buy game!Maybe in the next Bayonetta game, we could see some NiGHTS references? Hint Hint SEGA."
76561198097973200,Recommended,460790,31423772,Posted: 28 April,all,LoyalLedger,"Bayonetta on Steam is a must-own game for anyone who has not had the opportunity to experience the game previously. My first experience with the game was on Xbox 360, where I've put well over 100 hours into it. It is one of, if not the finest, character action game ever made and certainly the best on PC. DCM3 and 4 are simply outdated in  their mechanics, the rebooted DMC lacks the depth and complixity of either DMC3 or 4, and Platinum's other PC offerings like Korra, Transformers and Turtles all pale in comparison to the masterpiece that is Bayonetta. With Bayonetta 3 just teased today, there has been no better time to become a fan of the series.I'll leave the in-depth reviews to other people, but here are the highlights of Bayonetta.Exceptional combat that is simple to learn, but deep enough to rival Street FighterExceptional music, particularly the combat tracks, that really fit the game and get you excitedExceptional replay value between striving to obtain Platinum ranks, or Jubilius forbid, Pure Platinum ranks on eacho f the nearly 20 stages, an extremely challenging optional boss fight to unlock, a half-dozen costumes and two unlockable extra characters.Exceptional performance on even less powerful software--I could get a solid 60fps at 720p on 960M laptop and have flawless 1080 60fps on my 1060.Exceptional value for the insane asking price of $20. You'll get your moneys worth at full price, but you should absolutely not miss this when it eventually goes on sale.My biggest complaints with the game are as followsNo easy way to skip cutscenes on repeat playthroughs, though I suspect a mod will soon faciltate their removal entirelyNo easy way to restart a stage or from a checkpoint to allow faster, easier attempts at the stupidly hard Pure Platium ranks. No idea if a mod could assist with this.The motorcycle and missle stages are pretty much trash if you care at all about rankIn the end though, the pros far outweigh the cons. Buy this now."
,Recommended,460790,31619248,Posted: 7 May,all,Zenfeuer,Pros:- Hack n Slash Devil May Cry style with a sexy witch that slays angels.Cons:- No Bayonetta 2 for PC
,Recommended,460790,31079536,Posted: 11 April,all,Lux,Yes.
,Recommended,460790,31090765,Posted: 11 April,all,Dubyateaeff,3rd time purchasing this game(also have on PS3 and Wii-U) and still just as fun as ever. Amazing port. All maxed graphics settings use barely 1gb vram so even toasters can run it well. One of the best character action games ever made. Buy buy buy!
,Recommended,460790,33756175,Posted: 23 July,all,Panty McSpankybuns,"Long time ago, console players were able to play Bayonetta and have lots of fun. PC players sat and waited, left in the cold drip of darkness. During that time, the invention of the wheel happened, America was discovered and colonized, the Roman empire was founded and destroyed and Audrey Hepburn was dubbed the greatest film and fashion icon of all time. All of this happened while waiting for Bayonetta the PC version. And finally, she's here. Finally, the librarian/dominatrix-clad, slightly disproportionate femme fatale has graced us with her presence in glorious 60 fps. Was it worth the wait? Hell yeah."
76561198166624661,Recommended,460790,31136374,Posted: 14 April,all,Mixvision,my girlfriend just got arrested for possession so i pretty much have all weekend to enjoy this wonderful classic beat'em up
,Recommended,460790,33334520,Posted: 6 July,all,Alpha Tester,"God bless japan, excelent game."
,Recommended,460790,31466617,Posted: 30 April,all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"It's a solid flashy action game. Just check out some gameplay vids.Well ported to PC. Runs a fluid 60FPS on 1080p, with all the special effects flashing around.Also the difficulty settings deserve some praise.Sure, the whole game looks and plays fantastic, but there's 100 other reviews already saying that, so I'll focus on something else:Difficulty settings differ quite a bit in this game.Even a n00b can finish this game with the ""very easy"" setting. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the game's easy then, even QTE's get a safety net on that setting.Unfortunately, you'll miss some extra's, but it's an okay warm-up if you're new to the genre.It's certainly a change of pace from Normal mode, where everything is well balanced and the enemies try to win.From normal mode and up you'll also get access to magic/health upgrades, and Alfheim challenges, where you need to win a fight with specific rules (only damage enemies in witch-time, win a fight with only 10 kicks and punches, etc)The game's quite forgiving too. Apparently you can die and retry as much as you like, it'll only affect your total score at the end of the level.I've yet to restart in the harder modes, but I'm sure they'll give quite a challenge.Also; the main protagonist's ""suit"" is apparently her hair, so basically, she's nekkid the entire game. =PEnjoy."
,Recommended,460790,31099611,Posted: 12 April,all,Durandle,"Great game, excellent port that works well even on modest hardware. Now sadly I want Bayonetta 2 ported but we know that won't happen 'cos Nintendo!"
,Recommended,460790,32850841,Posted: 27 June,all,bilal_hcg,It worth every penny! One of the best Hack n' Slash games. The PC version is a sweet treat 10/10.
,Recommended,460790,31457754,Posted: 30 April,all,🅺🅸🆂🆂_OF_DEATH_SR,"Everything I heard about Bayonetta, It was True. I never had a PS4 or Controller.But when this chance came to me, I didn't forget to check this out.And I can honestly Say, I am Amazed. Added to My All Time Favourite list.- Nicely Ported.- Well Optimized (I got constant 60FPS during Gameplay @1080p)- Good Graphics and customizable graphics option.- Have a Good Story Line.- Badass Main Character.- Gigantic Bosses.- Unique Combat. (Witch time feature was best)- Epic battle with Musics.- Epic Climax Action, Sexy Witches. :D XD- Overall Funny and Enjoyable.Recommended for every hack and slash lovers. It worth every penny. :) :) :)#Love_Bayonetta.My specs:Core i7 4790Asus Strix GTX 970G-Skil 16GB Ram"
,Recommended,460790,31247603,Posted: 19 April,all,grape up bitch,"How to properly re-release a game on PC:Step 1: Be in 2009.Step 2: Release a hack-and-slash game that's absolutely amazing for its time.Step 3: Accumulate a huge fanbase.Step 4: Release sequels, albeit all console-only.Step 5: Wait for the hack-and-slash genre to suddenly be given a bunch of light, 8-9 years after original release.Step 6: Give your original game a PC port.Step 7: Rake in the money as you watch thousands of fans re-purchase the game for the 2nd, 3rd, maybe even 4th time.Step 8: Be praised for it because you're a ♥♥♥♥ing mastermind.Seriously. Bayonetta has been one of my all-time favorite games for the past almost 9 years now, and I don't at all even SLIGHTLY regret having bought it for a 4th time now. Feels great seeing this amazing classic now on PC.Bravo, PlatinumGames, for creating this masterpiece. And bravo, SEGA, for actually doing something right for once."
76561198065642132,Recommended,460790,31157115,Posted: 15 April,all,Bullitt,"One of platinum's best games and now on PC, the best version, it goes without saying it's a must buy, pretty cheap too, even better if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,460790,31112405,Posted: 13 April,all,TyrantGuardian,"The greatest action game of all time. The game punishes you pretty hard even on Normal difficulty and it only gets harder from there. However, if you stick with it and explore the depth of its combat... oh boy. Every time I boot this game up I discover something new, and I've played for well over 500 hours on other platforms. Port is fantastic as well! Best feature: zero load times."
,Recommended,460790,32594686,Posted: 20 June,all,Lopper,"Pretty decent game. Nice hack n slash gameplay and it's quite a long game, took me about 11-12 hours to beat on normal difficulty. The difficulty is really bad though like if you've never played the game before you should not play it on normal. It's a pain in the backside trying to dodge a million attacks while attacking at the same time. There's also quick time events which are annoying aswell. So yeah the difficulty is annoying, not to mention there's a little store in the game but like you can never get enough money to afford 90% of the items in it because you have to spend it on health items else you'll just keep dying. But yeah dodging in the game is really bad like you have to press the button at the exact right moment every time else you'll get hit. Aside from that though pretty decent game. Good graphics for the time it originally came out, the pc port isn't too bad except a few levels into the game it starts crashing and you have to set the compatibiliy to windows 7 else it just crashes every time. Overall though pretty good game, bit annoying on normal difficulty and its one of those games you need to play a million times to get used to it all and unlock stuff but I can't be bothered with that. Yeah not bad, 7.5/10."
,Recommended,460790,31913113,Posted: 22 May,all,Wendy,"The Combat in this game is phenomenal, challenging while extremely fun.Enemy variety is extensive and unpredictable,  Bayonetta is a lovable Sassy character.There were a lot of interesting sections, for example riding a bike on a motorway and fighting on top of trucks.The Platforming elements are fun and the Music is great.This has made me view PlatinumGames with renewed interested and will be looking forward to their future games on pc.This game is easily worth the price and i highly recommend it.There is a 60 fps cap, but overall it's a good port.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=931248361"
,Recommended,460790,31097478,Posted: 12 April,all,Appluq,"This is the impression of someone completely new to the game.Ok so here's the deal, I've never played a Bayonetta game nor did I have any knowledge of them outside the feminist controversies about the main character's appearance a few years ago. Over years I heard many high praises about this series, so then the game launched on Steam, I gave it a shot.The opening intro plays, I have no idea what's happening.There are two umm...aesthetically pleasingfemale characters fighting on a watchtower that is falling from the ♥♥♥♥ing sky, while earth-quaking orchestral soundtrack with choral chants blast my speakers and a narrator gives speech about what I assume is some background lore.While trying to get the hold of the game's controls and trying to pay attention what is going on,I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what in the nine circles of hell is going on.So that scene ends as fast as it started and now I see some kind of a graveyard. There's a comedy-relief character that acts like a retard, dancing around the graveyard rambling about things I don't understand. Then theres a nun that is giving some blessings or some♥♥♥♥♥♥to a dead person, I assume. As my brain is trying to understand all the input it has received in the last 5 minutes, some angels arrive from the sky and the nun starts to beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them. Then the ♥♥♥♥ing coffin blast's open and some giant black guy who wears♥♥♥♥ing sunglassesat midnight emerges from his slumber and starts throwing handguns to the nun that is spinning in the air with moves that break the laws of physics and space-time continuum. All this with oddly catching soundtrack.As my brain is having meltdown from all the physical manifestation of modern japanese pop-culture I have witnessed, I realise that I have fallen in love with this game. Then the game proceeds to actually teach me it's mechanics and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game's combat deeper than the cold abyss of Mariana Trench. Now, with a huge grin on my face, I take control of some unstoppable, over-powered sexy witch and proceed to kick♥♥♥♥♥with the power of a thousand big bangs.What an emotional rollercoaster, and that was only the first half an hour or so.So yeah, I can absolutely recommend this game for someone that hasn't played Bayonetta before.It's bloody great.EDIT: Allright, I've now finished the game and here's my afterthoughts.So, the game gets pretty challenging as it goes on, though it is entirely possible for everyone to beat the game, if you have the will to keep trying. In the last few chapters they re-use the old bosses as common enemies and that got pretty tiring.BUT THE ENDING! Oh the ending!The detailed experience of the epilogue is all the way down as spoiler text, but here's the non-spoiled deal...Never in a video game, NEVER, have I experienced as absurdly over-the-top grande finale as this game had. And I'm afraid no other game will ever top this, it's seriously that ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. So if you're feeling like the last few chapters are a slog to go through, please, PLEASE, do yourself a favor and play to the end. The epilogue more than makes up for the few flaws the game has.So in the end, the game left a very satisfying taste to my mouth, with a huge and wide grin to my face. Actually, words can't even describe how pleased I was with the final hour of the game so ♥♥♥♥ me.This game is worth much more than 20€. In fact, it's so great that I went through with writing a review more detailed and longer than any review I've ever done, fully knowing only a handful of people are going to read it. Go ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game, you deserve it.And finally, the spoiler-containing, detailed personal experience of the ending:So the epilogue starts and Bayonetta is trapped on some statue's eye or something and we're off to space on a rocket and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Turns out Jeanne is alive and goes after Bayonetta after reversing some mind control or something? I don't know, it's kinda hard to follow the details in this game, sorry.So we get to play as Jeanne, who casually rides up the mile-long rocket with a motorcycle. A ♥♥♥♥ing motorcycle, while the rocket is flying 30 000km/h into space. While Mr. Newton cried in his grave, I was not really surprised since the game had kept topping it's absurdity continuously. But then♥♥♥♥♥♥went down and fast. The next moment I am fighting a god with the power to create the whole ♥♥♥♥ing universe anew, pretty basic right? As the chanting of a million-strong choir reaches it's climax, I summon a demon queen from hell and smash that god-♥♥♥♥♥ in the gabber with a force of 1000 infinitons (Actual measurement by the game) and sent her flying in to the♥♥♥♥ing sun.What other game let's you do this♥♥♥♥♥♥?Then the credits start to roll while our hero drifts into the cold space on a ruined statue. Oh wait, the credits cut off while Jeanne comes back from the dead a second time and I get to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a large statue of the dead ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's burning in the sun at the moment, all the while falling into earth's orbit. I save the earth and the screen fades to black...Then I see a familiar sight. Graveyard. A nun. All the side characters are present and Bayonetta is presumed to be dead. Oh you're not fooling me again, game. Angels arrive, nun jumps into the air and proceeds to slaughter the holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The coffin blast's open, Bayonetta jumps out and joins the fun. Everyone's happy. As my grin reaches my ears and my jaw locks into it's place, the real credits start to roll and I get to play a few previous encounters from the game while the names roll, pretty fun.And what's this? A detailed music video with Bayonetta dancing seductively after the credits? Well ♥♥♥♥ me sideways, I've never felt happier with an ending of a video game."
,Recommended,460790,31130612,Posted: 14 April,all,Azir,"+Good graphics, even now+Great story (meh at some bits, but still good overall)+Cool cutscenes, you actually enjoy the dialogues and cutscenes as much as the game itself++AMAZING music++Countless combos, you can mash your controller a bunch of times and you will keep finding new, unique, and beautiful combosGTX 1060 W10, FPS is locked at 60 but cutscenes are somewhat low FPSthe port is very very high quality, there are many little graphical options in settings, definitely one of the best ports I've played.I love this game and it's theme and the hack and slash setting, my account is full of games that I played 2010-2014 on Console, this used to be one of my favourite ones along with Castlevania LOS and uncharted (And many, many others). I'm super joyous that it was ported here even after all these years, something that I never even expected (but than again, RE4 was ported too, after many years, too). The popularity and quality that this game was warranted it, now I only wish Nintendo gets down off it's high horse and allows Bayonetta 2 to come here too instead of trying to brute-force people to buy Wii consoles."
13371337133766666,Recommended,460790,31079745,Posted: 11 April,all,Cisco Engineer,Fly me to the moonAnd let me play among the starsLet me see what Spring is likeOn Jupiter and MarsIn other wordsHold my handIn other wordsDarling kiss meFill my heart with songAnd let me sing for ever moreYou are all I long forAll I worship and adoreIn other wordsPlease be trueIn other wordsI love you_ヽ＼＼＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　Lﾉ(_／Sing with me!!
76561198011228946,Recommended,460790,33456883,Posted: 11 July,all,Mata-pombos,"Pros+ Amazing gameplay, it lets a good player be good, and any player will have fun kicking stuff.+ Amazing bosses battles+ OK story.+ Bayonetta is so badass.Cons-Because the game runs at 60fps and cutscenes run at 30, there is always a stutter in the transition between them.-Relies on cutscenes to explain almost all of its story.-some bosses were extremely difficult for a averege player like me (normal difficulty)Overall score 8.5/10 - A must play beat em up!"
,Recommended,460790,32357512,Posted: 11 June,all,Count Cuckula,"I suck♥♥♥♥♥at games with combos in them, but Bayonetta was still fun. Lots of flashy, wacky, and standard Platinum goofiness and long cutscenes. All around really crazy and intense action. Cutscenes drop frames a bit for some reason and the audio was really low even at full volume."
,Recommended,460790,31817605,Posted: 18 May,all,Sir Pooty Poot,"I thought about writing a bad review before the patch released. But now that it's out there's no reason for that!The game had some pretty awful performance problems for some before this patch. Now that it's fixed I can fully recommend it!The gameplay is super fun and Bayonetta is just a super cool character, I absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,460790,31249319,Posted: 19 April,all,flow_ninja,I love your game but my english is poor and I need chinese.I have many friends like me you know.
,Recommended,460790,31128859,Posted: 13 April,all,SaintMIKAL,"4th time I've owned Bayonetta. But the best time.Pros:Rock solid 60FPSUpcoming modsBorderless windowNo need to hook/unhook/bugger about with disksYOU CAN USE A MOUSE FOR ANGEL ATTACK!You can use 3rd party programs to rebind your controlsCons:Loading is so fast I can't practice my combosNo Nintendo swag like the Link costume/Master Sword. So if you like that stuff, Wii U version might be better for you.For some reason no native control rebinding for your padBasically, if you like action games, this and DMC4: SE are the top tier. (The mouse for angel attack is the main reason to buy this.)"
,Recommended,460790,31115213,Posted: 13 April,all,MegaApple,"More of a PSA than a reviewIf anyone is experiencing shuttering/frame rate issues, I recommend restarting the PC and updating to the new GPU drivers. It solved my issue, and now the game runs perfect.My GPU limit was shown being full when I first booted it up ( 784 MB ""filled"" my 2GB VRAM), but afterwards, it was back to normal.Also SEGA, you know what to do.Vanquish, Madworld, Anarchy Reigns, and maybe even Infinite Spaceon PC!"
76561197970393752,Recommended,460790,31175635,Posted: 16 April,all,ragjavhol,Vanquish next please!
,Recommended,460790,33369051,Posted: 8 July,all,Zinclive,"A masterpiece, the best hack and slash game ever madeThis is PlatinumGames legacy"
,Recommended,460790,33081635,Posted: 1 July,all,GameZard,My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewSexy and strong are perfect ways to describe Bayonetta. Created by PlatinumGames and directed by Hideki Kamiya who happens to be the guy that directed Devil May Cry. Bayonetta is sort of a spiritual successor of Devil May Cry. This game plays very similar to Devil May Cry but what this game has to stand out gameplay wise is Witch Time. Witch Time is the ability to slow down time when you successfully dodge an enemy. The graphics of this game is very crisps and has a nice style. The music are nice up-tempo beats and fit very well. The story like most PlatinumGames games is ridiculous and never makes any sense but it is still fun.
,Recommended,460790,31214936,Posted: 18 April,all,Snow,"When I saw Bayonetta was on Steam I was drunk, bought it and forgot about it. The next morning saw the recepit and thoght I should refund it.But thankfully I gave it a try to see if it was as awesome as everyone was saying.Started the game and couldn't put it down. The action makes you feel like a badass even if you don't do the correct combos, the dialog actually makes you laugh and the story IS interesting even if I still don't understand a lot.A great game and for 20 eur/usd is a steal.10/10 would recommend again!"
,Recommended,460790,31201138,Posted: 17 April,all,Olith,One of the best spectacle fighters is now available on Steam and the pc port is solid. Stable 60 fps (30 for cutscenes) for me the entire game. A few people are reporting issues on certain hardware configurations so you might want to check the forums.The game still plays and feels the same as it did on consoles. Good job on bringing it to PC and actually putting in the effort to get it right!Let's hope that we see more ports and games from this genre on Steam in the future.
76561198184144198,Recommended,460790,35002712,Posted: 16 September,all,Cephalone,Give us Bayo 2 already.
,Recommended,460790,33530247,Posted: 14 July,all,TorgBot,"Beautiful.In Bayonetta you play as the titular character Bayonetta who is an Umbra Witch searching for her lost memories while battling angelic foes and another of her kind along the way.Before you even ask, yes. It’s well optimised, I’m running this on a 6500 and 1060 6 Gig and I’ve not experienced any frame drops below 60 at all.Now, let’s get down to business shall we?Without a doubt, Bayonetta is fun, period. Adapting the fighting mechanics from Devil May Cry, the controls are crisp and certainly not sluggish. The game encourages you to be all out aggressive while avoid getting hit which doing so at the last second allows you to enter “Witch Time” where by time is slowed down, giving you an opening to unleash hell onto your foes though this will not work with every enemy mind you, some are resistant to Witch Time.There’re a variety of enemies in Bayonetta each with their own attack patterns and boy do some of them make you want to rage like for example, Grace and Glory.Now, let’s talk about the protagonist, Bayonetta. Let’s be honest here, she’s absolutely stunning! It’s a wet dream for me and many other gamers to play as a good looking female protagonist who’s not afraid to kick butt while being very flashy and snarky. I know, I know, there are flak by video game critics citing that Bayonetta’s sexualised but honestly, really you might as well put Cammy, Samus in Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Ivy from Soul Calibre and many more females in Action games up there.Point is, I see no reason for complaint and it even suits the theme of the game.At the end of each battle or Verse, you’ll get an award ranging from Stone to Pure Platinum based on Time, Damage and Combo which is all fine and dandy however, the Quick Time Events in this game are very, very strict plus you're required to mash buttons in some battles so as to not get any damage for example the Jeanne boss battles where by you'd have to trade blows with her by mashing the B button on the Xbox 360 controller or press the left mouse botton rapidly to damage her and avoid getting damaged which is just unnecessary really and the QTEs should either be a bit more lax or taken out of the game completely. All in all, you're going to die in rage-inducing ways during Bayonetta.Also, I’d like to see a restart option so that if you mess up during a Verse, you wouldn’t have to go back to the Chapter screen and replay the whole chapter again just so you could get the Pure Platinum award for that Chapter.In addition, during each chapters, you can collect ""Golden LPs"" which unlocks weapons for you to use such as a Katana, a pair of claws, a whip and many more whilst being able to buy new techniques, consumables to aid you during combat (which lowers your score by the way) and items which also aids you in combat and gives you different effects like enemies automatically being enraged, automatic Witch Time when hit and so on.Now, the soundtrack. Fantastic. I absolutely love what they came up with for Bayonetta. The remix of “Fly Me to the Moon” is simply perfect to listen to while fighting and certainly pumps you up during each fight. It’s Jazz, it’s Electronic, it’s Nu Jazz with a bit of pop elements with bright sounds and even brighter vocals. Other than that, they also have orchestral music which while not as hard hitting as “Fly Me to the Moon”, I like it which just goes to show how varied Bayonetta’s Official Sound Track is.Story wise, it didn’t really engross me but hey, this is an action game, not an RPG. Though it could be better like for example, the whole story itself is very generic.Voice Acting is, in general, great. I loved the Voice Actress who voices Bayonetta. She captures Bayonetta playful personality very well and her interactions (consisting of pretty much banters) with Enzo, while shorter than her interaction with Luka, is very entertaining. She’s no comedian but her one liners define her. Though for Father Balder, he sounds like the run-of-the-mill British Bond villain which while it works somewhat, he simply sounds a bit too flat.In conclusion, I give Bayonetta a 9/10 and I absolutely recommend it to anyone who’s a fan of fighting games and what not. Heck, even if you’re a beginner, give it a whirl.TL;DR? The gameplay's enjoyable, the enemies are great while there are some which are annoying, the mechanic's solid, the Voice Acting is generally great especially with Bayonetta and of course, the soundtrack and Bayonetta is absolutely stunning. However, the QTEs are unnecessary and rage-inducing when you die due to following the prompt a second too late, the story's pretty generic with a bit of interesting elements here and there,"
,Recommended,460790,32465417,Posted: 15 June,all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"Love the fast pace, gun shooting and hack n' slashing game! Doing combo attacks are awesome!"
76561198076046025,Recommended,460790,31152944,Posted: 15 April,all,Smash45,"Pros-Very well done PC port-Badass sexy main character-Great english voice acting (you can also switch to Japanese voice acting if that's your thing)-Amazing soundtrack-Great challenging combat, might be one of the best in the hack and slash genre.-You get to see sexy Bayonetta in 1080p or higher in 60fps without framedrops.-Potential mods-20€ is a real bargain for this game.Cons-No Nintendo costumes.-Now I want the sequel on PC, too bad it's Nintendo who published the second game.-I only have 60hz monitor, but for those with higher refresh rate monitors, they might be a little dissapointed that they can't have 120+fps with this game.-Those goddamn QTE's"
,Recommended,460790,31084678,Posted: 11 April,all,videogame master,"Finally, no more frame drops during action."
,Recommended,460790,31138179,Posted: 14 April,all,「Hanako」,"Literally DmC with♥♥♥♥♥'n tiddies, just buy it already."
76561198043042338,Recommended,460790,31131434,Posted: 14 April,all,Schnappi,"I just bought the game for the third time, what more do i have to say?- Graphics:Wonderful, i exspecially love what she has done with her hair!10/10 Dresses made out of hair- Audio:Could a soundtrack with the following lyrics get any better?Bayonetta this is your timeYou're gonna sparkle,you're gonna shineGirl when you fight,it looks like a danceYou are magic, you're magic.... i think not.10/10 Angel Trumpets that shoot lava bolders- Story:A tragic family story about love, treason and the everlasting fight against good and evil!10/10 Story tropes every game should have- Style:Side character pisses on the designers grave in the first 5 minutes and Bayonetta really, really, really enjoys her job more then any other video game character in history. I wish i was this motivated in my job.10/10 Pole dancing routines under the moon Raiden would wish he could do- Port:It runs now on pc, what more do you want?A Switch version.... so i can buy the game a fourth time? I dare you!10/10 Ports that are better then the original PS3 version"
76561198028311032,Recommended,460790,31085582,Posted: 11 April,all,klawedflaw,"On a scale of crying baby cockroaches to Bayonetta, I give this a Bayonetta out of Bayonetta."
76561198026873914,Recommended,460790,33714158,Posted: 21 July,all,Ghouleh,"This game is a wild ride.It is outdated in a few respect, has really cheap cutscene QTE game overs, poor camera controls at times and kinkshames the player mercilessly for using even a single item or continue. On top of that, I have never had hand cramps in a game before, ever. This has since changed, to the point I had to pause multiple times midway through levels because my hands hurt so much.THAT SAID.I still cannot fathom how a game like this came out in 2010.2010, people.  The PC experience nonwhistanding, it's clear that this was a labor of love from Platinum. It shows, especially in the stellar animations and the combat which we've come to expect from them, but that originated here.This is sort of a synthesis of everything Platinum has come to be known for. Incredible combat, animation, music, and a gibberish story with a cheesy cast of tropey characters. If that sounds appealing, grab it. If it doesn't - grab it anyway. Bayonetta is a wonderful game, even if the path to perfection is lined with hand cramps and kinkshaming players for using items or continues."
,Recommended,460790,34205954,Posted: 12 August,all,NuKa-Tet,Bayonetta is one of those big titles you couldn't help but hear about during the time of its original console release. You've certainly heard about the overt sexuality of the main character and the absolutely absurd set pieces. I heard the glowing praise from all over the internet but I couldn't abide dropping $60 for a game that frankly looked stupid. I was quite a bit more picky when choosing games during the console scene. Consoles have gone the way of the dinosaurs for me and I'm almost exclusively a PC guy these days. Well look at that. Bayonetta on steam now and as low as $20? Well after returning the dull Castlevania: Lords of Shadow I had a bit of cash to pick a different game.Bayonetta is honestly one of the most fun video games I've played in longer than I can remember. Oddly enough I've never enjoyed these beat em up type games clearly in the vein of Devil May Cry. I even bought the newer DMC reboot near the end of the Xbox 360 era and really didn't like it. If my DMC memory serves they share quite a bit of DNA so It's hard to put into words why Bayonetta works so well for me but man does it work.The puzzle solving and moment to moment combat are a bit stale but the game throws enough mini bosses at Bayonetta on a frequent basis that you're kept on your toes or heels I guess. Bayonetta just feels great to control. Bayonetta feels  lethal and incredibly powerful yet fragile as glass. It's an incredibly tricky balance to strike but the game pulls it off masterfully. The real thrill of Bayonetta is taking on collossal bosses with well timed combos. Button mashing is unfortunately possible but you'll carve angels up with style and look competent doing it if you take the time to learn the combos and master witch time. I feel like I'm sailing through the game but I also keep replaying levels which is really stretching out my playtime. You're ranked on your performance in each fight and an overall score at the end of the level. I can't really wrap my head around why I keep replaying these levels to get gold or platinum scores but it's just so much fun to become more and more dangerous.The story is whatever to be honest but the characters are all pretty funny. The game is pure schlock but the self aware nature of the game makes it more charming than groan worthy. I found myself laughing way more than I'd like to admit and whenever I wasn't laughing I just had a big stupid grin on my face. Bayonetta makes no excuses for what it is and I think that's why it works. Even if the campy nonsense style of the game doesn't work for you it's worth playing just for the fun combat and all the cutscenes are skippable. I have to say I think you're doing yourself a huge disservice to pass on the cutscenes but I can see how the jokes and story aren't for everyone.The graphics hold up pretty well for a game nearly 8 years old and it holds at a solid 60fps. At $20 this game is easily worth every penny but being a relatively new release on steam I'm sure it'll go down lower in the future. I'd highly recommend picking it up during a sale if not at full price. Hoping to finish up soon and run through again on a higher difficulty if beating the game unlocks more challenging settings. I don't know if 2009 me would have enjoyed this game but I'm glad I picked it up when I did.I'd comfortably give Bayonetta 8.5/10 and I'll be looking forward to future titles in this franchise.
,Recommended,460790,31462121,Posted: 30 April,all,源 頼光,Perfect charater design.  Amazing combo attack. Oustanding flunence of actions. Astonishing visual effects. Immersive background music. Wonderful cinematic scene. That is what the game composed.Renewed verison of an absolute ACT Masterpiece on PC with 1080p 60 fps  brought me the best gaming experience that I had never had before.Definitely recoomend you to play Bayonetta!
,Recommended,460790,34493440,Posted: 25 August,all,ʎdooʞS,"Bayonetta is a great game with balance between ""spectacles"" and good gameplay. My first playthrough took about 12 hours or so and there's plenty of replay value with extra content and difficulties. My biggest complaints would be the QTEs that happen in and out of cutscenes, lack of easy chapter and challenge resets and the poor explanation of the games biggest mechanic: Dodge Offset. Go learn about Dodge Offset from videos or something or else you probably won't have much fun at all. I would absolutely recommend Bayonetta to anyone looking for a good action game.P.S. If you press select during loading screens you can practice combos freely. RT+Back/R2+Select will skip cutscenes, useful for entering and exiting shops. Don't worry too much about your score on your first playthrough, you can always come back."
,Recommended,460790,31470360,Posted: 30 April,all,Veelq,"Combat - fast-paced, difficult, rewardingStory - brutal, dark (like Elfen Lied) and hilarious (like Cowboy Bebop) at the same timeQuality of port - solid 60fps gameplay at max settings (gtx960 2GB)I received what I wanted. 100% satisfied with this game. After finishing it on normal difficulty (which is the highest available at the start) I will definetely start over on higher difficulties.I used to be a ps3 owner and I deliberately missed this game back then because of the quality (x360 and WiiU versions were way superior comparing to ps3 ver.). I am so happy I didn't ruin my experience with this extra-ordinary game back then.Edit after 15h - I finished the game on normal, will do it again on hard (now this difficulty is unlocked). So much action, boss fights are epic, finishers are badass. Luv it!"
76561198039988815,Recommended,460790,31333883,Posted: 23 April,all,NMBowser,"Game runs well on my rig, so I have not experienced framerate issues like others. I honestly hate that cutscenes run so much slower than the actual gameplay, but hey....that's the world of gaming. The gameplay is fluid and as fun as any other version. About time they ported this to PC. Bayonetta 2 next PLEASE!!!!Specs:AMD-FX 835016 GB RAMGTX 760 GPU 4GBMSI Gaming MOBO"
,Recommended,460790,31257657,Posted: 20 April,all,DaPhuuLz,"A recommendation for those looking for a challange hack & slash game mechanic with a complex combo system that will give you satisfaction when you successfully execute.Bayonetta PC is a fairly Good port. but Not without problem.the Problems i found for this game are :1. in-game MSAA, SSAO is not working. (but can use Nvidia profile inspector to override)2. some Cinematic scenes are acting weird on Monitor Resolution that's not standard resolutions.3. Achievements unlocking problem. (there's a workaround with SpecialK thingy)4. Cannot find a Quick Scene Skip buttons when using KB&M. (on controller it's RT+Back)those seem to be all of it.so what make me think this is a good port?1. Unlimited Resolutions (?) (well for me it goes up to 4k DSR but i think it can go further with better monitor)2. Runs really well. Constantly 60fps, The controls are really Responsive.3. Keyboard & Mouse Support. not perfect but it works and I use KB&M all the time (my mouse have extra buttons which can binds but will not show in the options but they still work)Edit : Also you can bind 2 buttons for 1 action.PS: cannot rebind Controller tho.Story are short. with 18 Chapters in total (include Prologue and Epilogue) it is a pretty old game so you might have seen some scene and joke somewhere already (i still enjoy them Over-the-top Characters and Actions.) If you want more info about the Characters design just look it up. and decided for yourself whether you'll like it or not.There are 5 Difficulty levels Very Easy, Easy, Normal, Hard, Infinity Climax. I feels like Enemies in Very Easy - Normal acting kind of the same. but once you get on Hard they start being more aggressive and faster. As i'm typing this Review i have complete Hard Difficulty but not yet start Infinity Climax yet.There are several weapon types to equip on Bayonetta Hands and feet. You can switch between 2 sets. Differrent weapons give different combo. How you Press the buttons also give differents combo. like Holding a button between combo will add different attack that give different status than mashing buttons. it's kinda hard to explain. and there are Dodging and Witch time Mechanics, Accessories that gives More Mechanics like Counter attack and more.All i can say is, These combos are really fun to execute. I keep playing it over and over just wanting to get better at this game. also just to Collect Those Crows and Alfheim (some kind of skill Challange areas)."
,Recommended,460790,31610390,Posted: 7 May,all,Götterdämmerung,"I missed this one back when it first released, so I'm playing it without the nostalgia goggles I assume many others are playing with.  Well, maybe that's not entirely true.  I did play the original Devil May Cry on PS2 back in the early 2000's, and this game certainly reminds me a bit of that.I really enjoy the combat in this game; it's very flashy, fast, and easy to learn.  It is, however, hard to master.  Right now I'm just using the same two or three combos and doing my best to remember to dodge.  Dodging is something I would recommend you take the time to master, because it really helps give you the advantage.  Dodging at the last possible moment grants you ""witch time"", which slows down time for all enemies and allows you to get in a few hits with relative ease.  On top of granting you witch time, dodging will help keep your magic meter up and climbing.  Whenever you take a hit, your magic meter depletes, and this is of course a bad thing.  When your magic meter is full, you can use what are called ""torture attacks"".  These involve iron maidens, chains, and a few other horrible tools that you can use to inflict massive damage on enemies.  So remember to dodge, attack, dodge again, and then torture.The story is...well...it's there.  I don't hate it, but it's also not really worth writing home about.  The cutscenes can be entertaining as Bayonetta makes snarky remarks and turns every small action into something sexual, but I imagine most people skip through all after the first playthrough (unless Bayonetta is your #1 waifu).The game is well ported.  I have an i5-6400, 8 Gigs of RAM and an R9-390, and I am able to play on high settings at 3200X1800 resolution with a steady 60 fps.  The cutscenes are unfortunately capped at 30, but thankfully that number is steady too.  I've yet to have any issues with the game running smoothly.  I've been reading that people with AMD processors are having problems with the game, so I guess be cautious if you own one.I'd say this game is a pretty good buy at $20.  The combat is fun, Bayonetta is an interesting lady, and the game runs well."
,Recommended,460790,31081800,Posted: 11 April,all,NightcoreLounge,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. now this is a good port!This, this is the port our goddess deserve!The game Runs silk smooth.The game looks great.It has great graphic options.It has great Mouse and keyboard support!First the neir port, now this. PlatinumGames is stepping up their game on the port side, and im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥happy to see that!"
76561198202647562,Recommended,460790,33015641,Posted: 29 June,all,archiryan123,Beautiful. If you ever enjoyed bayonetta in the past... this is an excellent port.
76561198070111711,Recommended,460790,31805894,Posted: 17 May,all,Pertayters,The game is very hard to play........With one hand
76561197970701643,Recommended,460790,31081553,Posted: 11 April,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Upset a Polgygon reviewer.
,Not Recommended,460790,33136779,Posted: 2 July,all,Dgg,"It's a good entertaining spectacle fighter wrapped into a loot of poor design decisions. If I could give a sidways thumb, this would certainly be it. I can both recommend this game and tell you to stay away. My opinion also comes from someone that finds the game to have been way overhyped for me.Pros- Varied movesets with a good variation of weapons and unlockable techniques- Lots of helpful items, they're not my thing so I never used them. But you get stuff that heals you after a fatal blow, things that deal a lot of damage, max health boost for 1 chapter, healing items of course, lots of variation.- Great aesthetics and designs- That quirky Japanese humor you've come to love or hate in a lot of things, like D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die- Good voice actors for the Japanese cast, english seemed to be ok from the first cutscene.- Time slows down upon dodging an attack at the latest possible time (witch time), allowing you to deal a lot of damage in a limited time window.- Everything is technically dodgeable (but don't expect Dark Souls levels of fairness, I'll explain further in cons)- The rich gets richer, do well and you'll be allowed to do even better and get a smidge closer to playing like the overpowered daugher of a gun Bayonette is portrayed as in the cinematics.- Checkpoints for bosses, you won't have to do an entire boss fight from the start, some of them can drag on so thank god for thatCons- Terrible checkpoints outside of bosses. You quite often get a checkpoint BEFORE a cinematic, so you have to walk up to a place, trigger a cinematic, then watch it/skip it (if long enough to be worthwile) and then you can try again, waste of time and seriously hurts the gameplay experience.- Attacked instantly after a cutscene or landing on a platform. Like literally the moment the cutscene ends you have to spam the dodge button to avoid getting hurt the exact moment a  cutscene has played. At one point you land on a platform, no enemies on it, they spawn the moment you land and instantly attack you, you literally have no idea you have any reason to dodge because you never see any enemies or indications of them before you get hit.- Health drops are a supreme rarity.The game essentially expects you to waste money or angel attack points on health items or play so well you don't enter a bossfight or hard minion fights with just 10% of your health left. Depending on what kind of player you are, this can be a pro.- Horrible forced camera angles in ""escape scenes"", essentially spelling your doom if you don't immediately get what they want you to do or where the entire path goes.- Quick time events- Quick time events that even if you know they're gonna happen you can actually fail them because the window of opportunity is really small, or it pops up before you can click it without failing (the kind that has a circle going in to it like a rythm game, you must click it when the circle goes into the button)- Some deaths are almost unavoidable because of the forced camera angles and quick time events, which will affect your ranking. It's fair that you get a stone or bronze medal for dying in fights a lot, you fought poorly, but for getting caught offguard by a quick time event in a cutscene?- Whilst there is a tell for enemy attacks, figuring out the timing or understanding when it's move2 instead of move1 isn't that clear. It's no Dark Souls in that respect, spamming the dodge in a lot of situations turned out to be a better strategic move than trying to figure out what they were doing and act accordingly.- Reused content a lot. It's a visually good looking game with great design, but it seems they put so much work into those designs they only had time to implement a few, so the story works in a way that conveniently allows them to reuse the same creatures in different looks or even just colour, and you'll see the bossess repeated as well.- Reused environments. For a 10 hour game, seeing the same areaa just in a different state 3 times feels very cheap- Minigames/change of gameplay that outstays its welcome. I love weird ""out of place"" minigames in a game, small chunks of gameplay that changes things up. Bayonetta features an arcade shooter at the end of each chapter, a racing section, chase scenes and a bullethell section. They are all good in small portions, but the racing and bullethell part lasted for way too long, the arcade keeps coming back even though it never changes or evolves and is just there for you to get points for items or get gold and the chase scenes could have done with only existing once (preferably not at all because of the camera issues).- Minions that can only be damaged from dodging and activating witch time, and minions that doesn't trigger witch time from dodging, personally I find this to be a bad way to ramp up the difficulty of enemies, rather than coming up with harder movesets and smarter AI, they just strip away some of your powers which they have taught you to rely upon to do well.- Combos get you stuck in the animation so you can't dodge. Performing finishing moves and quick time event attacks (like punishing an enemy that is unconcious on the floor) still makes you attackable. For some of you this is also a pro. Personally I despise games that lock you into your button presses, and regardless I can't see any defense for finishing moves not making you invulnerable, they are special attacks targeted at single individuals, why can I be attacked when you give me a special close up camera angle and just want me to basky in the glory and comedy of the moment?"
,Recommended,460790,31283307,Posted: 21 April,all,GammeDiamond,"It wasn't until I saw that Bayonetta and the sequel would be on Wii U that got me sold on day 1 (well that and the demo for Bayo 2 was up). Once I popped in the first one it was like handholding on Normal difficulty until the part my brain turned into a noob-fest simply because this guy can't time dodges and hated chapter 1 Fortudio with a passion. Nevertheless, I carried on beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of angels with Bowser, dicing Glory and Grace with the Maser Sword, and playing Samus's visor at cutscenes whenever I get the chance.Everything fusterating and fun with the game I played on Wii U can be found on this PC port:From mastering the Witch Time by hairsplitting your dodge frames into an enemy attack, to Dodge Offsets letting you finish your PPPKKP/K combo, it's a fun wild ride. The story is subpar, but it fleshes out the charcter that is our witch who keeps dancing in a suggestive way while beating destructive dieties.With a laptop with no video graphics card, 8GBs of Ram, and only a 4th Gen i7, I can roughly estimate that I've been playing at a good 12-20 frames at the lowest setting. And that's impressive, seeing that some of my ""intensive games"" can do that but look very butt ugly. This game, however, retains its beauty at the lowest setting.And while the bundle for the Wii U is $60, this PC port is literally a $10-off sale for the enthusiast who loves the way the combat flows (although Bayo 2 flows better seeing how the kick combos are expanded and have extremely low start-up-time)."
,Recommended,460790,31084871,Posted: 11 April,all,Rukumouru,"It's Bayonetta. It's on PC. Runs flawlessly at native 4k, 60 frames per second. What else do you need?Now SEGA, how about Bayonetta 2? SEGA Rally 3? OutRun 2006 Coast 2 Coast? Daytona USA? Virtua Cop 2?"
76561198058165428,Recommended,460790,31147684,Posted: 14 April,all,Skleeton,"This was the first time I ever had the opportunity to play Bayonetta for myself, and I gotta say, I was extremely pleasantly surprised. I'll also add that I was not ready at all; dear lord almighty was I not prepared. I knew the series was over the top, but that intro cinematic destroyed my sides and sent them hurtling into orbit. The gameplay is astoundingly amazing, it feels great and flows very very well, but it still rewards skill greatly and can offer a great many challenges; it feels VERY rewarding to play great. World building, story and visual design are FANTASTIC, everything is very cohesive and artistically appealing.  The soundtrack? The soundtrack is perfection. I love to stay in combat just so I can hear the songs, they're incredible.It's an amazing port that's very well optimized and runs fantastically with some great visuals and lightning fast load times. I HIGHLY recommend it, especially if you want to support Kamiya and Platinum Games.Here's to hoping we get Bayonetta 2 for PC in the future."
,Recommended,460790,31463749,Posted: 30 April,all,FireboLd,"Absolutely amazing game!Had tons of fun for 20 bucks.Responsive controls and difficult enough, reminds me when i was tiny and played Devil May Cry 4.And the blatant sexism and overly female moves, mixed with cheery poppy music and dumb one-liners is just making it all better.This is a great example how you port classic console games to PC. Smooth 60 frames on 4K.If you wanna laugh your butt off and have a great time, i recommend getting you this art piece."
,Recommended,460790,34653801,Posted: 1 September,all,Rolling Scone,"For a 7 years old game, this game does not feel old. In fact, it was very refreshing from the tired modern ""open world"" games where story takes a backseat. This is an action game through and through with cinematic cut-scene and well done music. The design elements that went into the game really blow me away, from characters design to weapons, from stage design to gameplay. This is a highly recommended game and I really appreciate it being on the PC platform."
,Recommended,460790,31285093,Posted: 21 April,all,ｙａｇｉ小島,"Despite its obvious shortcomings and lack of budget, the asking price of $20 makes this a great inclusion in any Steam library.Pros:+ Fighting is smooth and has a lot of combos. That's what you want, right?+ Slick presentation, great humour.+ Tons of replayability on Hard Mode and to get all trophies.Cons:- 70% of cutscenes lack any animation, they're just stills.- Customization isn't as deep as it looks like at first.- Alfheim levels, instead of providing actual challenge, rely on annoying gimmicks.- The game reuses every major boss four times, there's a serious lack of enemy variety.- QTEs have no logic behind them and often result in instant deaths.- Enemies can and will attack you (by design) before the camera even centers on Bayonetta after a cutscene.The game is far from perfect and, instead of the expected single-seating finish, I found myself taking a break after every chapter or two. But again, there's definitely a lot of good, quality content in Bayonetta and for $20 - it's a great buy."
76561197989190838,Recommended,460790,31205228,Posted: 17 April,all,MGX909,This game is really well optimized. I have the game maxed out on all settings using Pentium G3258 @4.2 ghz and a GTX 580 stock.  Get solid 60fps 90% of the time.
,Recommended,460790,33452814,Posted: 11 July,all,RevySan,"I usually don't write any reviews. But this time, I will.This game is just Amazing. I bought it on sale (15$) and thought to myself, ""Hmm, another hack and slash, probably the same as the others"". Well, it's completley different in everything. Gameplay, Story, Characters, Emotions etc'. This game is probably the best Hack and Slash game I have ever played. I recommend this game if you havn't tried it yet. This game worth the money. Get it at full price if that's what needed.To sum it up:Gameplay 10/10Story 10/10Graphics 9/10Characters 10/10Overroll Experiance 10/10Just get the game."
,Recommended,460790,31084662,Posted: 11 April,all,Serge.EXE,"Quite possibly one of the best Action games ever made, now for PC! The port has unlocked resolution and runs at a nice rock-steady 60fps during gameplay (on my GTX970 and i7-4790). This is most certainly the definitive version of Bayonetta. If you've never played it before, now's the best time to do so!"
,Recommended,460790,31156406,Posted: 15 April,all,Vinigga,10/10 pretty good port.Hope they release the 2nd game on pc in some near future.
,Recommended,460790,31085493,Posted: 11 April,all,Blattdorf,"The definitive version of the game.Hopefully, this is a sign of things to come. Go, Platinum!"
,Recommended,460790,31093669,Posted: 12 April,all,DREADward The Hazardous,"You want me to write a review?You. Want me to convince you. To buy. Bayonetta. On. Steam....are you out of your f*ckin' mind?IT'S BAYONETTA.ON.STEAM.What else is there to know???!We are not just buying this because it's the same old game we all know and love, but we are buying this because it's also an actually great port of a great hack-and-slash title. Yes, I admit, my computer is not the best in the world, but even THAT can't tarnish my overall enjoyment with both this PC port, AND the vanilla game as a whole.To Platinum and SEGA; Thank you for making this amazing game more accessible to the world and not pulling a Pachinkucknami on us."
,Recommended,460790,31127081,Posted: 13 April,all,Remij,One of the best action games ever made.  Game runs and looks perfect on PC.  Buy this game.
,Recommended,460790,31083412,Posted: 11 April,all,noiretoon,"This is it. This is what I've been waiting for. The moment the countdown for this appeared on April 1st, 2017; I prayed, and waited, and hoped, and told everyone within earshot that if this was what I thought it was, I would buy it the moment it became available.Now, at last, she's here and she's loaded. Artbook, soundtrack, goodies and oh, sure,  one of my all-time favorite games on my favorite platform for games. Throw that in, too, I guess, if you have time. If you enjoy killing virtual mooks in visually stylish ways and don't lay hands on Bayonetta, the only thing you're playing is yourself."
,Recommended,460790,31088573,Posted: 11 April,all,Director Bison,"Bayonetta is one of the best example of Easy to learn, Hard to Master gameplay, You could play this game for 100 hours and only scratch the surface of everything you can do in it.13 weapons12 accessories5 difficuties2 secret characters to unlockTons of challange missionsNumerous abilities and combos to learn and master.and a ranking system that encourges you to aim for Perfection.All wrapped up in a story about very charismatic loveable characters, with unforgetable highly entertaing bosses, gameplay switch ups, and cutscnenes.The games only true flaw is it's instant death QTE's which feel cheap and out of left field but you will quickly memorise where they are and they will be of no trouble to you soon enough.Bayonetta is a game you can play but won't truly finish for a very long time."
,Recommended,460790,31111045,Posted: 12 April,all,TotalyMoo,"For 20 buckaroos you get...- An incredibly well executed PC port- A surprisingly fun action/brawler- Hillarious and suave characters that don't take themselves seriously, yet never feel cringy- Graphics that aren't all that bad for a 8 year old console game- Big combos, epic finishers, interesting enemiesHonestly - no matter what genres you are into, consider giving Bayonetta a try."
,Recommended,460790,31087821,Posted: 11 April,all,ErbanVision,The Masterfull action game Bayoneta is finaly on SteamNot only this is a greath port but the game has aged well and remain has one of the best action game of all time.Well optimised up to 4k suport constante 60 fps Platinum and Sega have realy made an efford for this port and it shows.Keybord and mouse suport is present and works well.UI has been upgrade to hd standart and the port take advantage of a some grafical pc feature.My only complaint is that there are no nintendo costume :(That was to be expected)10/10 (Wii u) (Xbox 360) (Pc) 8/10 (PS3) Verdict: To be honest get this game for 24.99$ (CAN) you will get the most optimised and cheapest version of this game. If you have already played on wii u and Xbox 360 then maybe wait for a sale. If you had the misfortune of buying the ps3 version then this upgrade is worth it.
,Recommended,460790,33267337,Posted: 5 July,all,luckyshot5135,"What can I say it's bayonetta one of platinums games masterpieces and now it's on pc, it's good and you should get it.  Lets get into the pros of this game.PRO'sThe gameplay is rock solidThe graphics and fights still look beautifulHas an awesome story that will keep you coming backCON'sEvery now and then this game will get that old game feel to itThat's about it short and sweet buy the game."
,Recommended,460790,31090127,Posted: 11 April,all,Marshy,Love you Sega. <3
76561198094917381,Recommended,460790,31087560,Posted: 11 April,all,Mr Daylight,Solid port. Graphics and presentation still hold up to date. Gameplay hasn't lost a beat. Properly priced. This is how it should be done. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,460790,31131379,Posted: 14 April,all,Killjoys2000,This is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥ great intertaining story and fun game play. if you hesitant of getting it i HIGHLY suggest you do!!! if you regret buing it just request refund its worth at least trying.
,Recommended,460790,31082199,Posted: 11 April,all,MinorDespera,"An older title from Platinum Games, the makers of Metal Gear Rising and NieR: Automata.Native support of resolutions up to 4kEnhanced visuals: ambient occlusion, HDR, MSAASeamless gamepad/keyboard controls transition60fps gameplay, with cutscenes still seemingly locked to 30fps.solid optimizationThe game itself needs no introductions, you've either heard of it or will only hear good things if you ask around.A solid port and the definitive edition of Bayonetta."
,Recommended,460790,34780022,Posted: 6 September,all,[ Maxie ],"Bayonetta may be a relatively old game but it's still damn good fun to play. Who'd have thought it would be fun to beat up groups of angelic eldritch horrors as a witch who can literally summon demons with her hair?While the plot of the game is pretty serious, Bayonetta herself looks like she's having fun while taking down various creatures with different weapons and combos. And this game is ridiculous fun. There is a lot of charm and charisma and all the characters are well-written.Graphics wise, it's very well-rendered and the usually muted background colours help to make the foreground colour (where all the action is happening) pop out but they're also not too distracting. Character models are well rendered and wonderfully animated, especially Bayonetta herself. Nothing particularly negative to point out here.Sound wise, the soundtrack is very well put together. Atmospheric in places but also oozes a lot of charm and charisma when it needs to. Very well crafted and puts the tension in the right places. The only complaint I really have is that the battle music can get a tad repetitive but that's me being incredibly nitpicky.Now onto the meat: the gameplay. I did play the original console version before this and the combos feel very fluid, although some of the more important mechanics (such as Dodge Offset) aren't very well explained. However, combat does feel very satisfying and the various weapons you can get all pack their own punch. The addition of auto-aiming on lower difficulty settings, as well as assistance with the trickier combos, is very good and doesn't take away from the overall skill too much (some skill is still required to get big combos even on lower difficulties but it still works). The torture attacks were fun and the end of boss fights (Climaxes) were well done. Only complaint is that some cutscenes did have a few too many QTEs but aside from that, all very good.Controls felt okay if you're using a keyboard and mouse, but I ended up havign to put the sensitivity quite far up. However, using a controller make everything feel like a dream. It is playable on keyboard/mouse but I highly recommend using a controller to play. Much more fun.I had such fun with this game and I cannot recommend it enough. Definitely on my must-play list."
,Recommended,460790,33928779,Posted: 31 July,all,MoRPo,"Absolutely one of the best Hack and Slash Games I've played so far, -recommended."
,Recommended,460790,31096361,Posted: 12 April,all,Auburok,"It's Bayonetta. If you're looking, you either already know what Bayonetta is, or are curious about ""stylish"" action games (basically Devil May Cry). Either reason will probably warrant a purchase, as it's the best version of Bayonetta, and it's still just as good of a game as when it first released on 360/PS3.It runs well, it plays well with a controller, and there's all sorts of options for tuning. There's some bugs, mostly with cut scenes and MSAA not doing anything (at least not noticably), but nothing that interrupts gameplay currently. Might need a patch or two, but overall a worthy port priced fairly.The game itself has been reviewed to death, but it's still top notch. Much of the gameplay and general design eclipses Devil May Cry 3, and it has aged very well with the fresh coat of paint. Here's hoping they work on Bayonetta 3."
,Recommended,460790,34783558,Posted: 6 September,all,sgtcsmitty,"have played and beaten this on the PC, Xbox 360,Wii u,and own a copy on my x bone,+fast action combat with a lot of variations for weapons,move set,costumes,+soundtrack is well done and energetic whether its classical or dance covers of fly me to the moon+supports a wide range of resolutions though frame rate is locked at 60+great art style with a with a nice use of black and gold that make it very pleasant to look at.+Boss battles are impressive in turns of size scope and character to them+if you go to get for the different unlockable gear it can be a long game taking around 20-25 hours-the story can come across being presented as cheap with its use of still images for cut scenesPERSONAL OPINION: i was really surprised platinum released this out of nowhere but its a really nice port to an overall excellent game in the Spectacle fighter genre easily one of the best in the genre. and at 20 dollars id say its worth it to buy"
76561198057435515,Recommended,460790,33725807,Posted: 22 July,all,Wesley Charles,one of the best beat em up games
,Recommended,460790,35066190,Posted: 19 September,all,Twiz,If you enjoyed the original Devil May Cry games you'll enjoy this.
,Recommended,460790,33812392,Posted: 26 July,all,yung crystal pepsi,"Bayonetta is one of those games you can't help but buy multiple times, because it's just so damn good. If they made a version of this for the TigerGame.com, I'd buy 50 copies. I was unlucky enough to have popped my Bayo cherry on the PS3 version of the game, which is still considered one of the worst ports of any game ever made. I got to play it a second time on the Wii U when it was bundled with its equally-amazing sequel (which will never get a PC port because Nintendo sucks and has to keep everything for itself), and I just couldn't resist dropping $15 just to experience this game one more time on the superior gaming platform. It's amazing how much better this game is on the PC, running at an unfettered 60 frames per second. A fast, combo-driven action game deserves only the best in terms of performance and playability, and even though it took Platinum 8 years, it's better late than never.The combat is the star of the show here- the movelist is bigger than some fighting games I've played, and the underlying mechanics are easy to pick up, but devilishly difficult to master. In many ways, perfecting your skills here isn't unlike picking up a character in a fighting game, and once you've truly mastered the game, it becomes an absolute spectacle to play and watch (as many combo video makers on YouTube have proven for years).I've played a lot of character action games, but this one might be the best one I've played next to its older sibling, the almighty Devil May Cry 3. It's still a damn good game, even after nearly a decade. You can tell that everything here is the result of years of experience from Hideki Kamiya's long career in the games industry- the whole thing is fine-tuned to be the best game it can possibly be, and I'll be surprised if Platinum or some other developer somehow manages to top it."
,Recommended,460790,31131086,Posted: 14 April,all,FarisLeonhart,unique & lovely female characterfantastic battle system & animationsupport developer so we might get vanquish!!!
,Recommended,460790,31143980,Posted: 14 April,all,:-),I need Bayonetta 2.
,Recommended,460790,32841312,Posted: 26 June,all,Wegra,Ranks as one of my favorite games of all timeWhy do I love Bayonetta so much? Is it her taste in fashion? Her Lucious hair? Her sexy accent? Her sense of humor? Those legs for days? Her body?The answer is all of the above. Its never a dull moment with this game and now with 60fps and 4k you cant miss out on this amazing hack n slash
,Recommended,460790,33085375,Posted: 1 July,all,kremennik ♥,"The gameplay is great. Action cutscenes are great. Plot is fine, although I would prefer if they would copy DMC4 a bit less.This means the game is great and I recommend itBut gameplay has too many seams. Cutscenes, QTEs and arcady thingies like ""ride a missile"" are in abundance. In such action driven game it worsens replayability significantly (and the game is meant to be played several times). I want to replay it, but when I think about these issues I lose my desire to playAlso if you rebind the controls on keyboard + mouse then it sometimes causes some qtes to just not work or to display improperlyRuns fine on my top-notch pc of 2008 with 2012 videocard at medium settings"
76561198120726409,Recommended,460790,34305769,Posted: 17 August,all,C2,"Badass angel slaying exile with max charisma, guns for heels, her hair so long that its able to to make demons and clothing for herself while passively slaying everything with her acrobatics and fashion. If that did not sell you then I dont know what will."
,Recommended,460790,32880313,Posted: 27 June,all,TheGodHand,10/10this game is fun
76561197989995318,Recommended,460790,31087177,Posted: 11 April,all,Daedron,"The best version of Bayonetta by a landslide. Locked 60 FPS, great resolution scaling, some basic but appropriate graphics options and one bad♥♥♥♥♥witch.Keyboard and mouse controls are available but not recommended, using a gamepad is the way to go. Everything else is faithful to the console versions (including 30 FPS during cutscenes)If this is your first time delving into the series, or you're a returning player, this is the best time to jump (back) in!"
76561198029376571,Recommended,460790,31094592,Posted: 12 April,all,m0rd,wtf I love milfs now
,Not Recommended,460790,31208311,Posted: 17 April,all,Rexi CS.MONEY,"Don't get me wrong, I'm sure this is an amazing game, And if you have a NVIDIA card - go wild. But if you use an AMD card, please, hold back, and don't buy it just yet. This game has incredible stuttering issues for AMD users, to the point that it is unplayable.I've refunded it for now, and i'll be happy to buy it again when it's been patched, but in its current state for AMD users, such as myself, i can't recommend this."
76561198047239170,Recommended,460790,31085426,Posted: 11 April,all,Rusty Sticks,"It took seven years, but it's finally here. I've played it on both the Xbox 360 and Wii U, and I can say without a doubt that Bayonetta is one of the best action games ever made. It's fast, stylish, and bloody. Every move you make is flashy and over-the-top, and that what makes it spectacular. Punches and kicks feel powerful, and enemies are fair and punishing. The story is great, if not a bit hard to follow in the beginning, but it all makes sense by the end. Every character is phenomenal, and the voice acting is incredible as well.Only negatives I can think of in regards to the game itself are some unexpectedly timed quick-time events. They'll catch you, so always be on guard. Other than that, it's disappointing that the game can't go higher than 60fps, but that may just be tied to the gameplay.One of the very few games I'd give a 10/10."
,Recommended,460790,31092815,Posted: 12 April,all,NTJ,Epic.Excelent port.Must have game.
,Recommended,460790,31097780,Posted: 12 April,all,derkregin,"Bayonetta has come to steam?I do not think money has left me so quickly before in my life.A decent port despite its age, and the game itself is worth taking a look at, a third person 3D beat em up with a story that couldn't take itself seriouslyany less."
,Recommended,460790,32937112,Posted: 28 June,all,UGALisMyStyle,"Characterthe angels, demons,sees a bosskill a boss  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)comboClimax action !!  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)the POWERRthe punishment  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)the slow motion  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)The♥♥♥♥♥The storythe atmosphereThe songthe voiceThe costumethe weaponopen the seal with a kiss !!THE WITCHH !!!BEST GAME EVERRRR     10/10"
,Recommended,460790,31083677,Posted: 11 April,all,Darb,"I bought this back in 2010 when it came out on the Xbox 360, and I played the hell out of it.I bought it yet again for the Wii U (well, it came with Bayonetta 2 if you wanna get technical) and played the hell out of that version as well.So when I saw that it came out for the PC I gladly bought it for the third time. You may think that's crazy, but once you play this game you'll understand! This is, in my opinion, the BEST action game ever made! Yes, even better than the God of War series and the Devil May Cry series. And yes, even better than Bayonetta 2 (which in itself is a damn fine game).Bayonetta takes everything from the best 3D action games and somehow perfects each and every one of those elements. The controls are simple to learn but take a good amount of skill to master. And if you die a lot through your first playthrough, DON'T WORRY! That's normal! This game is designed to be played over and over and over. The more you play it, the better you'll get at it, and you'll be having a blast the entire time.As far as the port itself, it's perfect. I had no issues playing this at max settings on my PC with a perfect 60 FPS at all times.So if you haven't experienced Bayonetta yet, I urge you to do so. You're in for quite a treat. :) As a matter of fact, I think it should be illegal for anyone to not have this in their Steam library! In other words, THIS IS A MUST HAVE. I honestly wish I could buy this for each and every one of you. Every gamer deserves to experience this. Now I'm just hoping against hope that Bayonetta 2 will get ported as well!May Jubileus, the Creator, grace you!"
,Recommended,460790,31091196,Posted: 11 April,all,Dreadlord Jaina,"I don't think there's anything on steam I can recommend more than this game.I bought a PS3 for this game.  I got the platinum PS3 trophy for this game.I bought a Wii U for the sequel.I am unbelievably biased, as this is one of my favorite games of all time, but please buy Bayonetta."
,Recommended,460790,31082881,Posted: 11 April,all,Simple geometry,"Beautiful!The game runs at stable 1080p@60 fps on i5-2400 (3.1 GHz) / GTX760 / 8GB DDR3. Absolutely perfect, especially compared to the PS3 version. I've got a platinum on PS3 ages ago, gonna get all achievements on this version. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,460790,31135425,Posted: 14 April,all,MECHA GENE!,"Played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it on PS3, and it's even better here. This is a very, very good port with minimal if any glitches. Faithful reproduction of the original work and very welcome graphical improvements.Definitely looking forward to the Sequel if possible (NINTENDO, cough)"
,Recommended,460790,31081479,Posted: 11 April,all,ＫＯＳ－ＭＯＳ,"Bayonetta on PC was a pipe dream back in 2010 when it was first released; now that dream is a reality. It's a solid port, and it's cheap; there's literally no excuse not to buy this defining masterpiece."
76561198019623636,Recommended,460790,31145315,Posted: 14 April,all,Tharrock,"Let's be honest, everyone has heard about this game. By the offchance you haven't: you'll spend 20$ or your regional equivalent to eat people with your hair. Nuff said.Now for the reason why most people read this review: is the port any good?YES:- worked without dropping frames the entire time- remastered graphics that actually kind of hold up despite being polished versions of a decade old title.- Japanese voice acting is brilliant, but the english version aint half bad either and there are lots of subtitles available. Notably missing are all Skandinavian languages, russian and chinese. Sadness maybe they'll get on that? if english works for you however there is nothing that should stop you.- even the mouse and Keyboard controls work brilliantly. I've heard complaints that the spin moves would be hard on your mouse but in all honestly I haven't experienced that personaly.Fair warning: the difficulty is pretty brutal. There is an ""easy"" mode available but its more like a narrative mode, if you are looking for a challenge that isn't it and everything else with the normal mode included is pretty friggin hard something between easy and normal could be nice."
,Recommended,460790,31090309,Posted: 11 April,all,wavebeem,"🚀 FLY ME TO THE MOON 🌕One of the best beat 'em up games finally comes to PC.The port seems to run well, and even includes borderless window mode.Native 1440p and 60fps. Do yourself a favor and buy an Xbox controller to play this gem."
,Recommended,460790,31094373,Posted: 12 April,all,Denmon,"I Never played any Bayonetta game in my life but after they decided to release it on PC , i have more respect for sega and platinumgames because they're actually care about the pc audience. The port is amazing , you can play this game on a weak pc and you always getting 60fps.Playing 4k in this game is a really nice expirience because the port just amazing and i recommend people to play this game with a controller because it is design for it but mouse and keyboard control are actually pretty good.Pros :- 4K Textures- Easy to run- Amazing Port- Mouse and Keyboard Gameplay is pretty goodCons :- Cutscene rendered at 30fps- The game locks at 60fps- Transparent Texture♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,460790,32190250,Posted: 4 June,all,Tim,As the very first game that i ever bought here on Steam i got to say that i really like this game and what it has to offer.I've always wanted to play the original Bayonetta game and now that has finally been made possible. Its great to see Bayonetta taunt and tease her angelic opponents every now and then and the style and flair that go with her moves is also a nice touch. Well done Platinum Games.
,Recommended,460790,31081683,Posted: 11 April,all,[bYa]Fox,"PSA:  Disabling Vsync and MSAA fixed all lag issues for me!No severe issues so far.  Minor slowdowns at specific parts but it was very brief.  No slowdown during fighting.  No screen tearing from what I saw.  Sound quality is perfect.  1 amazing thing is that my controller actually worked for it without issue right away!  I think this might be the best port of a game at launch we have received.  1 piece of advice for the new players,  Get break dance you will know what I mean when you see it.I highly recommend the game!"
76561198009347439,Recommended,460790,31129376,Posted: 13 April,all,koenshaku,If you some how missed the boat on this game and you like platformers buy it already it is about as good as they get!
,Recommended,460790,31141759,Posted: 14 April,all,Kashou,"I recommend this to people who at least have a $500 computer.I feel like it could have been optimized a bit more. I have a pretty crappy computer but i meet the minimum requirements for Beyonetta however, the gameplay was just too choppy for me to not get a refund. Probably runs great on a good PC though."
,Recommended,460790,31130791,Posted: 14 April,all,Plankus Spankus,"Bayonetta is to this day one of the best action games ever made, hard as hell, cool as ice and as stylish as Bayonetta herself. Port is fantastic and completely worth the $19.99 USD price tag."
,Recommended,460790,31129636,Posted: 13 April,all,Bleep,"Oi, Bayonetta is one of the best action games ever and it's real nice on PC. Mate"
,Recommended,460790,31098786,Posted: 12 April,all,SirKnight,"Yesss finally we get this great game on PC @60FPS, so much better. Its like a new game and I actually want to play it more now than the initial release version on 360. I bought this instantly! Hope Platinum bring more of their games, Vanquish would be NICE. ;)GOOD WORK!"
,Recommended,460790,31341411,Posted: 24 April,all,Gomorrah DotD,"Honestly, Bayonetta is one of my all time favourites (along with Bayo 2 of course).This game is absolutely marvelous and from my point of view a must buy and play for everybody who enjoys playing action games. I may not have invested much time here on steam but i can assure you that i have played more than 86 hours in the Wii U version. And because i love it that much i rebought it here on steam.First of all, a few words to ""Bayonetta"":The game feels like a trip on adrenaline  where you try to get from one climax to the next one as beautiful as you can. You can combine a huge amount of attacks to gain combo points.Moreover, you can unlock crazy weapons and create even more combos by combining the weapons. Furtermore, there are a lot of collectables in the game such as the Alfheim portals where you can proof your skills in various disciplines.In addition, the story is crazy. I read that a lot of people don't like the story much, but I really love it. I love  how much detailed effort was put in this game, i love the lore and everything that makes Bayonetta so special.I highly recommend this game to literally everyone. Play it. Even on my 3-year-old laptop it runs fine though i had to set up the lowest graphic-settings possible.Nonetheless, i enjoy playing it anyways.Have fun and Avavago :)"
,Recommended,460790,31091405,Posted: 11 April,all,ultimagic,"Nice performance in High Graphic Qulity settings in fullscreen 1080p on a GeForce GTX 970 card.Very Impressive! It's one of a kind!Low price and high quality and a sexy witch in glasses, so what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,460790,31144345,Posted: 14 April,all,T04ST1E,"This is just how I remember it on the xbox 360 BUT BETTER. It's great to play through such an imaginative and fun game with real depth in combat at full settings, 1440p and 60fps. Buy this, it's a real treat."
76561198066987817,Recommended,460790,34810753,Posted: 8 September,all,OhHoNo,"Following a sexy, witty British witch through an extremely satisfying and fast paced hack n slash game, what more could you ask for?"
76561198011343406,Recommended,460790,31191465,Posted: 16 April,all,Marundo (Mark),"The best game in it's genre. I woke up suprised it was on PC. I would of paid triple. Buy and give it an hour, you will be hooked."
76561198344885059,Recommended,460790,31197520,Posted: 17 April,all,Anton Slavik,"From the same developers who made Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance comes Bayonetta with a Devil May Cry gameplay an overdose of crazy and over sexualization of females. Bayonetta is a stylish action game where you play as a witch that consorts with demons to fuel her magic powers, she has been sealed inside a coffin for 500 years where she slumbered until someone freed her. Without any memories of her past she fights against countless angelic enemies that try to kill her. The game is harder to play then Devil May Cry since it requires that the player uses witch time to slow down time to a fraction of its normal pace. This allows the user to bypass the opponents defenses and execute combinations of attacks and other feats that would otherwise be impossible (some enemies can only be killed during witch time). Witch time is activated by dodging an enemy attack just before getting hit and that is rather hard to master.Unlike in Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance and Devil May Cry where u kill enemies and destroy environment objects to get hp back in Bayonetta u will find that hp orbs are very rare to get from enemies and environment objects, the amount of hp received from hp orbs is too low.PRO:+ devil may cry gameplay+ overdose of crazy+ over the top action sequences+ platforming+ racing+ arcade shoot em up+ huge variety of weapons which can be equiped in the hands & feet slots (each weapon has its          own properties, combos and types of wicked weave attaks that do increased dmg and use up magic)+ accessories that provide an added effect or modify a technique (you have 3 slots)+ crafting: lollipops which give you increased attack, hp, shield, magic and magic flutes that cause heavy damage to any nearby angels+ epic boss battles (some bosses you can climb and fight on them)+ elite enemies drop their weapons which can be used by the player+ finishers (just like in mortal kombat x u get to finish off a boss when his hp is low, perform an instant kill attack on low enemies or deal huge dmg to elites using your magic)+ collectibles: journals, umbran tears of blood, broken witch heart hp upgrade, broken moon pearl magic upgrade, angelic hymns gold LP (broken or full records of music that unlock weapons)+ good AI (enemies gang up on you and hit you one after another or a few at once, in higher lvl difficulty the enemies are very aggressive)+ good game optimization+ decent graphics+ decent story+ good soundtrack+ replayabilityCON:- dodging an enemy attack just before getting hit is hard to master (it is necessary in order to slow down time)- elite enemies can combo attack, stun or stunlock the player just how the player can do- frustrating action sequences with split second time buton input- fights can get disorienting at times (some areas rotate the camera 360 deg horizontal or vertical around the character, other areas have u fighting on the walls, ceiling and floor while switching between them as you jump, bad camera angles, enemies to big to fit on the screen which hide your character as you move around them)- very rare and very low hp orbs dropped from enemies and environment objects- very huge requirements for crafting items- game to short"
76561198130305933,Recommended,460790,31377124,Posted: 26 April,all,Captain WARLORD™,"I will keep this review short.For Bayonetta fans (including myself), this is definitely worth to buy. Honestly, I played Bayonetta back on XBox and I've been wanting a PC version ever since. How long ago was that? Not sure. Maybe like 7 or 8 years ago, which is a pretty damn long time.Now, after playing 6 hours straight right after I bought it, it's exactly as I remember: The most badass lady you will ever get to play. Forget Chuck Norris, he's breakfast for Bayonetta.It's fun, action-packed to the rim, difficult to master and it has its own twisted, perverted way of telling you how awesome this game is.Seriously, if you have never played Bayonetta in your life or if you are like me, a long-term Bayonetta fan, then buy this right now. Like, right now!Bayonetta is love, Bayonetta is life.You won't have this much fun in a while. Go play it. Fall in love with Bayonetta. She will rock your world :)"
76561198000141845,Recommended,460790,31501609,Posted: 2 May,all,Gagan,I love this game.
,Recommended,460790,33720773,Posted: 22 July,all,Master Kratos,Best game I ever played! One of my Top 10 favorite games ever!
,Recommended,460790,31110345,Posted: 12 April,all,Nakadashi,i haven't been able to calm this raging bayo induced boner for 7 years and this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't helping segabuy this game already PC idiots
76561198005532885,Recommended,460790,31098133,Posted: 12 April,all,Octorock,Now you no longer have any reason to plug your Xbox 360 back in.
76561197970628459,Recommended,460790,31098051,Posted: 12 April,all,Gunsmith,"If you've never played a Platinum game before note that these are games about Mastery.  Unlike the majority of AAA rubbish today they will not coddle you and hold your hand to the end, instead they will beat you, ridicule you and you will die; lots.Thats because Platinum games are meant to be played over and over, dont fret about getting garbage ratings, missed medals and dying. perfection comes from experience and the more you put in, the more you get out, so long as you learn from dying; you will get better.articles on bayo's technical aspects and port quality are a quick google away but for the effort Sega have put into it, £15 is a no brainer."
,Recommended,460790,31343377,Posted: 24 April,all,Kaas272,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
76561198003251143,Recommended,460790,31096259,Posted: 12 April,all,Weskie,I'm playing as a sexy witch who has fabulous shoes with guns on them. What more could someone want?
76561198042094286,Recommended,460790,31082482,Posted: 11 April,all,Zoinks,"Played this on PS3 back in the dayPC port is pretty good. Looks a little dated due to being an 8 year old game, but at least we can finally play in 4k+ 60fps.The game itself is fantastic. The gameplay, soundtrack, characters, everything. Great game, and still worth $20 today."
,Recommended,460790,31087166,Posted: 11 April,all,Fineas,"I adored this game the day I laid eyes upon the trailer.The style, class, the music, the humor, dark undertone and the cheer mayham begin to end.A worthy successor or rather sister to the classic Devil May Cry series.Playing only shortly on the Xbox 360 around launch has given me the impressions I needed then to decide if I wanted to play this game. And hell yes I wanted too, but never got around buying the console for myself or lending it longer enough to do so.Now, finally I get the chance to see this gem through in my own time, Xbox 360 controller in hand on Full HD on 60 FPS (gameplay, cutscenes are limited to 30 unfortunately)I have only played through the game for 30 minutes, but I can say it is all THIGHT. Graphics look good or even better then my recollection on the Xbox 360, it controlls just as responsive as it did, the combat system is just a breeze and vissual spectical.The higher FPS makes executing the near endless onslaught of combos even more of an exciting challenge to hit those marks and blow up your high scores.Simply put, I could not ask for more. I am a VERY happy customer to this game.Do not wait, do not hessitate, buy buy buy and maybe they will consider releasing the second installment on PC too!UPDATEFinally got around to completing this game main storyline and by the devine is it glorious.I loved every bit of it, although this game can be so extremely tricky.Slowly grinding to get better ratings on chapters you have already completed is fun, as is trying to get all those nice looking outfits and even some extra weapons to play with.Jut out of cheer nostalgia I also bought DMC3: special edition on sale and can't wait to give that another run as well. If I ever get bored of this game.Please, please, please, bring the second instalment to PC. PLEASE!"
,Recommended,460790,31087046,Posted: 11 April,all,BoneDaddy,"Unexpected.  Didn't think I would see this on Steam.  Bought it the second I saw it.Now for Vanquish!After playing for a bit, I have no issues so far.  Its a pretty good port (for now).   If you enjoyed games like Devil may cry, then this is an obvious reconmmendation."
,Recommended,460790,31788890,Posted: 16 May,all,STBlackST,Beautiful!
,Recommended,460790,31599574,Posted: 7 May,all,Neralo,"This is absolutely worth getting. An extremely polised port that runs perfectly on my setup at a steady 60fps, 1080p resolution. This is the best way to experience this masterpiece of an action game.Fighting feels fluid and impactful, and is made all the more rewarding when one is able chain and link combos together with perfectly timed dodges and witch time.Cut scenes can tend to be somewhat long, though they can be skipped, and this is neither a good or a bad thing. Personally I sometimes get annoyed with the length of the cutscenes because the fighting is just so damn fun.I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for a quality action hack and slash game."
,Recommended,460790,31294531,Posted: 22 April,all,Shiromizu,Best Hack and Slash game ever
76561198038971048,Recommended,460790,31084363,Posted: 11 April,all,Baito Senshi,Nice.
,Recommended,460790,32577779,Posted: 19 June,all,Bowling4Kleers,"All-time classic beat-em-up, and arguably Platinum Game's magnum opus.Whether you're looking for a 100+ hour time sink of deep combat mechanics, or for a single 12 hour thrill ride, you can't go wrong with Bayonetta."
,Recommended,460790,31141554,Posted: 14 April,all,d34thy,i want bayonetta to step on my balls
,Recommended,460790,31105580,Posted: 12 April,all,cupmeme,I want her to crush my my head with her thighs and to jam my♥♥♥♥♥♥in her beehive hairdoNow in 60 FPS instead of 15P.S. it's now humanly possible to beat Grace & Glory without wanting to rip your own head off
,Recommended,460790,32275478,Posted: 8 June,all,jericho,this game makes my life worth it
76561198080703144,Recommended,460790,31086209,Posted: 11 April,all,The Trashman,Bayonetta?More like Baeonetta ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,460790,31088626,Posted: 11 April,all,strelokcyka,"Pros: The game is on PC and made by PlatinumGames it runs as you would expect. Well.Cons: This game is not for social justice warriors, or feministsNotes:Story cutscenes are prerendered at 30fps, this is standard and is not a con, otherwise thats a plethora of work for rerendering videos and rerecording in engine work... for a simple port, something like that should never be expected. If they were releasing Bayonetta 3 on PC for example, then that would be an expectation, but not Bayonetta 1."
,Recommended,460790,31080818,Posted: 11 April,all,Packy Spaghetti,"Finally, god bless."
,Recommended,460790,31082506,Posted: 11 April,all,DogmA,"I've been waiting to play this for years...it doesn't disappoint...playing with all settings maxed out at 1080p on a Q9550 @ 3GHz, GTX 660 and 4GB DDR3...Win10, creator's update...runs at a steady 60 FPS with the exception of loading (which is to be expected, HDD)...which is seconds...if you've always wanted to play this, and have been jealous of console owners for a very long time and happen to have twenty bucks? Just get it...Kudos to Platinum for doing nice things for us...NieR, and then this? A couple of weeks later? Take my money...On a side note, I truly hope that this trend continues for us, with MvC3 and suddenly this game just happens...I'm hopeful...get this game..."
,Recommended,460790,31109326,Posted: 12 April,all,Jack,"The best port i've ever seen.Smooth as butter, very responsive controls and the options for PC are on point.100% recommend."
76561198018913670,Recommended,460790,31087577,Posted: 11 April,all,harryorlsen,"What a surprise :D Finally on PC :D Thank you! :DAnd now Tecmo, wake up and bring us the Ninja Gaiden Series. Black and no sigma please ;DEdit after finishing the story & some hours more:+ Entertaining game+ nice visuals with a minus (see above)o bullet-time / witch time: nice feature, but destroys the gameplay a bit imo- too many quick time events- fixed gamepad keys- boring and bad looking enemies and boss-designs- bad camera-angles. fov-slider would be cool- monoton music (thx for the off slider after some hours)- at all the fun-factor was too low to go on here :("
76561197996064186,Recommended,460790,31930310,Posted: 24 May,all,TriPsyko,"Absolutely the master class ""port"" that Bayonetta deserves.Calling it a port can be a bit misleading as it has everything you'd expect from a ground up PC game. Mouse & keyboard controls are suprisingly well thought out and workable with fully remappable keys and correct on screen prompts. It is a slightly better experience with a controller IMO but that's probablt down to personal preferance.Graphically it still holds up with great art, effects and character models. Brilliantly optimised too (unlike the PS3 version I also have). I can play 4K VSR with a locked 60fps (R9 Nano) and it even stays that way with MSAAX16 on top, of course it's complete overkill but I was just curious how it would perform.Combat is thrilling and satisfying and never looked or played so well before, it wears it's Japanese origins proudly upon Bayonetta's hair woven sleeves (yes her outfit is made up of her own hair for those that didn't know) and it's all the better for it. Who knew fighting angels with weaves of your own hair could be so damn fun?Story wise it's pretty good with some great characters. Bayonetta is deservadly the star of this show!Only gripes would be its 60FPS cap and the camera is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in some battles but that seems to be part and parcel of these types of games.Chances of Bayonetta 2 coming to PC are slim to none due to Nintendo practically filling the bill for it's development, and publishing it, but we all can hope that one day it will (I'd happily buy it again for PC if this ""port"" is anything to go by!!!).NOW FLOCK OFF FEATHER FACES AND BUY IT ALREADY!(and while your at it, pray to the Eyes of the World for Bayonetta 3!)"
,Recommended,460790,31143457,Posted: 14 April,all,MrDuck,Good port only downside is the load times are so quick that you can't practice your moves
,Recommended,460790,31384420,Posted: 26 April,all,Backdoor Bandit,10/10ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE!VANQUISH PLEASE VOLVO!!!!
,Recommended,460790,32466682,Posted: 16 June,all,asaribiotice,"This game is very good, it lives up to its reputation. Bayonetta is a funny character, uninhibited, the gameplay is dynamic. There are a real difficulty, Kinematics work and fluid. So for me it's one of my best game experiences, I like Bayonetta with her Universe.I am waiting the following!"
76561198075631124,Recommended,460790,32989663,Posted: 29 June,all,Djinn Rogue,"Good game, best fanservice.Platinum games PLEASE get full bayonetta 2 rights and get  it on steam."
,Recommended,460790,33160526,Posted: 2 July,all,Venom,GET THIS GAME NOW!I remember playing this game over and over again when it was on Xbox 360.It looked good then and it still looks good now.This is easily one of the best action games I have ever played and I'm looking forward to many playthroughs of it!As the first line says... You need to get this game now if you don't already have it!
76561198068320043,Recommended,460790,33036343,Posted: 30 June,all,Black Jesus,This game is UN-BE-♥♥♥♥ING-BELIEVABLE! In the first 15-20 minutes i was like: wtf am i just playing? but after i realised this is so awesome and entertaining. I really hope they will release Bayonetta 2 in pc too.
,Recommended,460790,31135129,Posted: 14 April,all,OccamAsylum,Worth every cent. I hope you have quick reflexes.FYI the game didn't run above 15fps for me if I tried to play in borderless or windowed mode. (Acer XB271HK)
,Recommended,460790,31084478,Posted: 11 April,all,Emms,Amazing Game ReallyAlso Good Port!
,Recommended,460790,31853183,Posted: 19 May,all,Fulcrum,The best DMC game they ever made.
,Recommended,460790,31093285,Posted: 12 April,all,Kurama,Maybe Bayonetta will meet Dante soon
,Recommended,460790,32710459,Posted: 23 June,all,hatsunator,"I got 100% on this game when it first came out on XBOX 360. I'm gonna get 100% here on Steam too.This game is still one of the funnest Hack 'n' Slashes I've ever played.Tight Combos, Tight Boss Fights, Tight Weapons and best of all, Tight Clothes made of Bayoneta's Hair.9/10 would scissor angels to death again."
,Recommended,460790,31868869,Posted: 20 May,all,Tenchiken,"Devil May Cry with burlesque accentuation and just a pinch of NGE, this game looks purely fanservice-oriented before it suddenly kicks your teeth out — and it kicks 'em out every single time.Had some problems with strange jaggy framerate, resolved those via disabling v-sync in game ang forcefully setting adaptive v-sync in nvidia settings panel."
,Recommended,460790,32904152,Posted: 27 June,all,CloneWarrior85,"When your girfriend hairdo is so wild, it eats angels and monsters alike.Best time i had when i brought her to meet my mother in law."
,Recommended,460790,31120101,Posted: 13 April,all,M3gadeuce,"Anybody who likes Devil May Cry or any games like it should get this game. It's old school hack and slash at its finest. A warning however, it is really challenging. There are not many healing items you come across in the level, and you really need good reflexes. I'm playing on normal and on the later levels, I'm getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. Makes dark souls look bad in terms of difficulty."
,Recommended,460790,31090576,Posted: 11 April,all,Knily,Can run decently on a potato
76561198025271200,Recommended,460790,32824986,Posted: 26 June,all,Traysandor,"If Devil May Cry starred a female companion that was totally awesome, you'd probably get this game.I didn;t realize there was a PC version to this game, but upon learning that during the Summer Sale, I knew I had to play, as this game's been on my radar for some time... but I'm not buying a Wii system to play it, sorry. xP The game ruuns perfectly fine on my PC, and have yet to have any gameplay issues... Always a bonus in my book!After giving it a spin, this is a pretty fun game that is easy to get right into and feel like a badass. Sure, I'm playing on one of the lower difficulty settings, but never mind that. Sometimes all you really want is a button mashing frantic hack and shooot-fest, and of that this game delivers in spades, with loads of theatrical value behind it.I will say though sometimes the cutscenes play out longer than I'd like, cause it does drag on and drag the action down a little.Overall though, if you've never tried this game before, it's certainly worth a go! I doubt you'll be disapointed if you like the concept."
,Recommended,460790,31093183,Posted: 12 April,all,Da5e,"I'm a little bit of a fanboy, and this is the fourth time I've bought this game (Japanese 360, UK 360 and Wii U before this), so I won't babble on about how great the game is. It is, though.What's best about this version is that it runs like adream. 4K 60fps with everything turned up to the max is simply wonderful; and it even has the Japanese voiceovers (they haven't re-translated the subtitles, so a lot of the idioms are a bit, erm, off.) Sadly, the extra costumes from the Wii U release are absent, so you can't dress up as Zelda or whatever...It's a game made for people who love games, by people who live and breathe the love of games. Every single aspect of it reeks of effort. Buy it!"
76561198070782695,Recommended,460790,31088667,Posted: 11 April,all,The Sheep Within,":D As an ultimate Bayonetta fan I can say that I will buy any Bayonetta game without hesitation. In my opinion this is a better and much smoother port to PC, comparing to the recent NieR:Automata port. NieR's control is really weird on PC, but Bayonetta's control is really smooth and the camera is less weird. Anyways. May Jubelius, The Creator, be with you!"
,Recommended,460790,31103408,Posted: 12 April,all,[CENA]Moses,"THE SHADOWS REMAIN CAST!Pros:Probably the best character action game, except Bayonetta 2Really fluid ""easy to learn, hard to master"" combat, with a large amount of different combos. Each combo is different by having it complete faster or slower, delivering less or more damage at the expense of leaving you vulnerable.Barely coherent popcorn-style japanese storyUses a little over 1GB VRAM at highest settings, locked at 60fps, resolution can go up to 4KIt's PlatinumGames... It's Bayonetta...Cons:Instant-death, ""press X to not die"" QTEs in cutscenes - not a fanGame loads so quickly (1-2 seconds on SSD), you can't practise combos in loading screenWell worth $20 and one of the best action games from the past few years.If you've played Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance or DmC and wanted more of that - this is it."
,Recommended,460790,32625635,Posted: 21 June,all,∞ＤＡＲＩＯ∞,"Runs super smooth, very great port.Game has lots of♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,460790,31251960,Posted: 20 April,all,LordSpawner,rodin never payed me for playing with his toys
,Recommended,460790,31094262,Posted: 12 April,all,Sauce Kaiser,"Lovely port, runs extremely well.Bayonetta has never looked or felt better considering its in 60fps now (FINALLY)These kinds of ports are the one steam users deserve 10/10If you still havent played this action game masterpiece I HIGHLY suggest you do."
,Recommended,460790,31092490,Posted: 12 April,all,RoboitoAM,"Though the fantastic Nier recently came out and the superb Metal Gear Rising has been out for ages, Platinum's finest game finally lands on Steam after a several year long petition and wait. For years, Devil May Cry 4 (SE) has been the king of the action game genre. As of Aprill 11th, 2017, the Queen has reclaimed her throne; there has been no finer action game since Bayonetta's release, with its nearest competitor being its Wii U sequel.Thank you Sega, and Platinum for listening to fans.VANQUISH NEXT PLEASE!"
,Recommended,460790,31130256,Posted: 13 April,all,Thorgoud,"At last, it came to PC"
,Recommended,460790,31130451,Posted: 14 April,all,dcomicboy,Well done Sega! Gives me hope for Yakuza games on the PC and maybe Vanquish!
,Recommended,460790,31132537,Posted: 14 April,all,Davo,"Bayonetta finally arrives on PC and it instantly becomes the definitive version of the game. One of the best Hack and Slash games ever made, a great introduction for anyone new to genre.It features:- Great English dub voice acting- Fast paced smooth gameplay- Good cast of characters and enemies/ bosses- Decent graphics options so you can tweak to run the game even on low end PC hardware- 4K resolution supportRuns like a dream on my Mid-range PC (i5 4690k @ 4.1GHz, GTX 970, 16 DDR3 Ram @ 2400 MHz), running it 1080p 60fps max settings with no fps drops (fps is locked to 60 and cutscenes 30fps)."
,Recommended,460790,31125052,Posted: 13 April,all,Kalomire,"I adore this game, I did when it first came out and I still do now.It has some unforgiving difficulty spikes but when the stars align the game flows beautifuly and is very satisfying. however the game shouldnt be played for its story because...yeah.Theres some moments where the game has framerate problems but most of the time it runs fairly smooth."
,Recommended,460790,31331879,Posted: 23 April,all,EIN,If you like the DMC series this is a must play!
,Recommended,460790,31506716,Posted: 2 May,all,ndy_7thheaven,"Running very smooth 60 fps on my PC. Nice graphic, good story, great combo, fast gameplay....and very sexy !!Using good controller is a must for perfect combo (I'm using DS4). Got price about 10$ in my region. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,460790,31114853,Posted: 13 April,all,Just fucked my PC,"It's brilliant that Bayonetta has finally come to PC, but the best part of this game is the hilarity of what happens when you change some of the settings. The sound mutes, the UI disappears and the subtitles get set to Japanese. 10/10 would kek again."
76561198042185920,Recommended,460790,31108548,Posted: 12 April,all,Envidom de Carton Piedra,"Great game, at Normal has really good difficulty, it's really fun, also, we can't let out the sexiness of Bayonetta.10/10"
,Recommended,460790,31128787,Posted: 13 April,all,SlothwellTarly,"This is Jojo's bizarre adventure: Women's edition. You have time stop(ZAWAAAAARUDO!), you have cheesy acting and over the top combat.Buy first, think later."
,Recommended,460790,31130924,Posted: 14 April,all,PKOPQ,Oh my.
,Recommended,460790,31083557,Posted: 11 April,all,heavy makeup,Flawless 4k 60.
,Recommended,460790,31129875,Posted: 13 April,all,Diddle Schnitz,"This rerelease of Bayonetta is a quality PC port that shines just as bright as the timeless classic that came out years back. If you enjoy hack and slash games in a similar light as Ninja Gaiden or Devil May Cry and somehow never played Bayonetta, its well worth picking up. It features some seriously original dialogue complimented with flowing combat systems, unrestrained flare and an excellent gameplay pace.9.7 / 10"
,Recommended,460790,31111755,Posted: 13 April,all,Fist of the Lone Star,If you've been sleeping under a rock you've missed out. There's not more to be said.The fast action hack 'n slash is now on your PC in this glorious port by SEGA.Please give me Vanquish and Anarchy Reigns SEGA.I need these to be in my life again as well.Now to grind halos once again...
,Recommended,460790,31111855,Posted: 13 April,all,samDLIVE,"Wow, the combat in this game is just pure excellence."
76561198343503806,Recommended,460790,31128054,Posted: 13 April,all,admiralsmol,"This game was just great in general. 10/10 would recommend.Seriously guys, this game is worth the buy."
,Recommended,460790,33531355,Posted: 14 July,all,Ernest Peiris,"I originally bought this game for Xbox 360 back when it first came out, then re-bought it along with Bayonetta 2 for the Wii U. I didn't beat it either time, so I decided to buy it here on PC. The PC port is just as great as the other three (Xbox 360, PS3, Wii U). I didn't experience any framerate drops or lagging/crashing.If you're someone who loves a game that challenges the player, then this is a game for you. The already challegning gameplay is made even more challenging by the multiple difficulty options past Normal (Hard, and Non-Stop ∞ Climax).The replayability of Bayonetta is also very high. Once you beat the game on Normal mode, you'll unlock Hard mode. Once you beat Hard Mode, you will unlock Non-Stop ∞ Climax mode. Both of these modes have the same story as Normal mode, but it adds new unlockables, new enemies in places they weren't before, and a whole new level of challenge.Overall, Bayonetta is a fantastic game. It has fun yet challenging gameplay, amazing characters and music, and a great story that ties it all up. I rarely write reviews on Steam, but I knew I had to come and write one for this beautiful masterpiece. Quite possibly my favorite game of all time. I'd give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,460790,32817702,Posted: 26 June,all,TeoFlux o_O,"Boy i had no IDEA, what sort of ride Bayonetta was gonna be.After finishing it....im still not quite sure, although my heart won't stop beating for some reason, perhaps it is because of the INSANE set pieces that come out of nowhere, and blow your mind with their unique and sometimes weird flair.Additionally when the game isn't busy making you spasm outta of sheer hype overdose, it treats you to a heart pumping and adrenalin filled combat system, that is fun to use and hard to master, which makes you get on your knees and beg for more.So in conclusion if you're looking for a good Hack n Slash game, and you're a fan of the Devil may cry series, then Bayonetta is alot of the things you already love, i.e High difficulty, High Skill ceiling, Fluid Combat, on top of alot of things that are entirely unique to Bayonetta.....such as the ability to play with one hand on the easier difficulty, which is perfect for when your other hand is busy grabbing.......your Drink in order to stay refreshed during the nonstop climax that is Bayonetta.Time for some Pillow Talk, cause im all tuckered out from playing this game, which i highly recommend if it wasn't already obvious."
76561198094746144,Recommended,460790,33022693,Posted: 29 June,all,MajesticTRTLswag,Amazing gameplayGreat replayabilityRidiculously over the topAmazing portOne of the best hack and slash games everI've spent well over 2 days looking at the best a** in video game history10/10
76561198341435259,Recommended,460790,33030551,Posted: 30 June,all,infinirha,"I have never been more excited or thrilled to play a game. This one delivered. It's so rare to see a great female character in game that is so in control of everything. As a woman myself, I find bayonetta inspiring and fantastic.A very good port for pc, very playable with keyboard and mouse and fantastic gameplay. Storyline is amazing too, but in order to get the full explanation and how things happened, one must play or watch Bayonetta 2. Bayonetta 2 itself is fantastic sequel and delivered everything I needed. Now I just need for steam to port it here too. Will buy it as soon as it comes out.Anyway, all of the characters are great. Luka, Rodin, Enzo and Cereza and Jeanne are all fleshed out characters with fantastic designs and characteristics. (Although i must admit that Luka made this game so much fun).Great cast of characters, amazing gameplay, cool music, fantastic boss fights (but do be warned, for those who suffer motion sickness or similar, there are few levels where everything is turning around), great weapons and great lore. What more do you need?"
76561198009102083,Recommended,460790,33383337,Posted: 8 July,all,jorre.holland,"Jeepers, what to tell about this one. Gameplay is solid hack and slash similar to titles like Darksiders and such. Plenty of different combo's to unlock, some weapons to collect, etc. The game has solid performance overall, with smooth animation and responsive controls even on my aging pc.Locations are good but forgettable. Art and styleing in general is gorgeous, with nicely designed models, weapons and visual effects and interesting enemies and bosses. Story is thin and unsurprising (which I'm sure doesn't come as a great shock). I enjoyed the japanese voicing more than the english one (even though I don't speak it), because it does take the edge of some of the more cringeworthy dialogues.Content wise, regardsless of what anyone may say about women owning their sexuality and powerfull characters, this is definitely one for the boys (or girls) that swing that way. This is as unapologetically fanservicey as you can get I guess. The visual director never missed a beat when the opportunity arose for a risque camera angle, the animators never fail to deliver some titilating pose straight out of the gentlemans magazine of your choise, and the visual effects designers did their best to come up with as many novel special attacks that repurpose the ladies outfit into something that pummels enemies at quite some distance from her body as they could get away with. Be warned and avoid this tittle if you have trouble stomaching that."
76561198033338845,Recommended,460790,33534445,Posted: 14 July,all,Oenly <3,"Solid Hack n Slash game. It has a special kind of humor, i like it.The only really bad thing about this game are the camera controls :/"
,Recommended,460790,31163895,Posted: 15 April,all,William Shakesman,"Bayonetta is the king of the stylish action genre for a reason. It works on every level, from truly  terrible play who doesn't understand the basics up to master level play. It is an excellent game and the core combat is some of the absolute best in the genre if not THE best. Not enough can be said about what a true delight Bayonetta's combat is.That said, some of these level gimmicks are absolute garbage. I detested DMC4's awful campaign and at least Bayonetta levels are straightforward. Just then you get hit with a big fat boss with like six QTE segments who spends half the boss fight underwater and then a really terrible Space Harrier minigame that lasts about 30 minutes. And then finding all the collectibles practically requires a guide. (You have to shoot all the benches in the area. You have to backtrack all the way to the start of the level after beating the last fight before finishing the mission and the bonus will magically appear.) Most players won't notice these problems because they only grate on repeat plays, which is what THIS WHOLE GENRE IS MADE FOR.There are times this makes me nostalgic for Transformers Devastation, which was nearly but not quite as good as Bayonetta at combat, but at least the levels were straightforward and the gimmicks not so awful.Still, this is an absolute must play if you love stylish action at all. It was a perfect antidote to the disappointment of DMC4 when it first came out and is STILL the champ of the genre today."
76561198307839504,Recommended,460790,34212401,Posted: 13 August,all,wdyt,"This game stands near the top of its class in the 'beat 'em up' genre. Its systems are meticulously constructed, its grading system is excellent, and it is highly replayable. If it weren't for its quick time events, and out of left field missile level in Chapter 14, it'd be an easy 10/10."
,Recommended,460790,32426971,Posted: 15 June,all,Di8er,YES!YES!YES! BAYONETTA FIRST LEVEL ACT.
,Recommended,460790,31316351,Posted: 23 April,all,*^SaoSin^*,"Queen of the action genre! Hype from consoles was real. And even after so many years this game is feeling like the best of the best. Its a magic of unforgettable Bayonetta. She is SEXY, she is HELLISH... She is amazing witch! Her creation is perfect but it can only be understood once you play. Whole story, whole world, whole madness. And every big badass boss: ""Bring it on!""I love everything about this game and its not one sided love, because Bayo is showing her passion also in every damn move. %&$@! All other support cast is great to: Luka, Jeanne. And real reward is once you beat the game and yearn for more. For another playthrough, and more hidden goodies. Bayo deserves that.PC port is great for me. Many graphic options, keybinds, good optimalisation for my GTX750 and i5. Completely playable on keyboard. I sound like another die-hard fan right? Well♥♥♥♥♥ What do you expect when someone is captivating me whole game, meanwhile completely blowing hearts to the sky the longer I play."
76561198041153724,Recommended,460790,33917457,Posted: 30 July,all,JKB#Kinguin.net,"There are many moments when Bayonetta takes your breath away. And she can keep going, even if you've gone through it before. And it does not matter how many times. The game will show you the character not only the outlook, but also the playful, yet sexious and harsh character of the action heroine that is no-nonsense to anyone. So if she does not want herself. There is a brutal action, but a bit of ballet, striptease and a good portion of fun, where you do not even interfere with the fact that you are not playing now but just watching intro.Positive+ Fun and totally outdated action+ Great master character with enormous charisma+ Length and repeatability+ Music and dubbingNegative- Minor technical errors and occasional problems- Certain levels will not appeal to style and visual"
76561198063879808,Recommended,460790,31101439,Posted: 12 April,all,lhingel,"One can oly hope for W101, Vanquish, Bayo2 and so on and so forth...Aside from some performance issues for some guys, the release is solid, the game runs blazing fast and was already been reviewed to death, Bayonetta on PC guys, it´s real.For R$ 37 too so we Brazilians can play"
,Recommended,460790,33930149,Posted: 31 July,all,chika_takamizaki,the best way to play this MASTERPIECE!!!!!
76561198006358385,Recommended,460790,31090355,Posted: 11 April,all,Singer Songwriter Geraldo Rivera,"It's Bayonetta, of course it's a thumbs up. I'd give this game three thumbs up if I could."
,Recommended,460790,31091668,Posted: 11 April,all,Soul_Craft,"The game itself its great, plenty of good reviews from back in the day and now with this Steam release, not gonna dig into that and instead write this review just to praise the port, works flawlessly at 4K on a 4790K+GTX1080 at constant 60fps in-game (minus locked cutscenes) and the price, its really nice to see such a great game with a pretty good port and awesome price, thank you Sega and Platinum, now please give us Vanquish next!"
76561197993464349,Recommended,460790,31129102,Posted: 13 April,all,Mortal,"Perfect Port. I already platinum this game on my PS3, but i will gladly play it again. One the best hack and slash games ever produced.Now Platinum and Hideki Kamiya, bring for us Vanquish 1 ( and the next Vanquish!), Bayonetta 2, Metal Gear Revengeance 2, and i will be a happy man. =)"
,Recommended,460790,31889974,Posted: 21 May,all,Archie,"Bayonetta is such a fun hack & slash game! The art is cool, the gameplay is good and the achievements are fun. It gets tough the more progress you make and once you reach the top-tier difficulty, you better be ready to go all Bayonetta-mode on enemies. Definitely worth its price!"
76561198315845019,Recommended,460790,33955206,Posted: 1 August,all,£$SmashyCatX$£,"As a fan of the whole bayonetta frnachise I would obiviouslly be hyped that this awesome game would be released for the PC. I would greatly recomend this game to those of you who enjoy Hack and Slash gaems as this in my opinion covers that genre really well. This game runs beautifully on even low end pc's which is also another reason to buy this. Aniother reasonis all of the big dramatc cutscenes and battles thatare had in this game and the weapons that you can purchase later on in the game. This game is a type of game that you can go backand play again and again and again and not feel bored until you have 100% completed it. With lots of achievements and in-game treasures and secrets to find and unlock there is truly a lot to do in this game and it is agame that can be enjoyed by everyone.P.S: one thing that could have made this way better is if you could put the nintendo costumes in the game, if you cant do that for free then possibly they could be added as DLC. But other than that i Highly recomend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,460790,31811928,Posted: 17 May,all,Emperor Panda,"When it first hit PC. I couldn't recommend it because I was one of the ones affected by the CPU issue. Now that it's patched? It's playable, and I can finally recommend it. Having played the Xbox 360/PS3 version, then the Wii U version, and now this one. Still a top notch action game! Stable 60FPS, anti-aliasing working now, and yes, there are graphical differences between PC and console versions. But I'm not gonna get into those as there's videos that do that. This is by far the definitive port of Bayonetta."
76561197972658084,Recommended,460790,31090584,Posted: 11 April,all,America's War Boner,It's Bayonetta...
,Recommended,460790,35473891,Posted: 4 October,all,Marmaduke,FLYYYY ME TO THE MOONAND LET ME PLAAAAY AMONG THE STAAAARSLET ME SEE WHAT SPRING IS LIKE ONJUPITER AND MAAAARS
76561198168349039,Recommended,460790,31081333,Posted: 11 April,all,Bella,"Amazing port, it runs super smoothly.This truly is the best game ever :^)"
76561198296648524,Recommended,460790,31524433,Posted: 3 May,all,Never mind,It's a great game and I think I just fall in love with this game deeply. :P
,Recommended,460790,31425253,Posted: 28 April,all,huskobon,"So, i'm enjoying Beyonetta, and having fun, but it's not perfect. I've never played this in the past, and will finish it, but it's not perfect. Here's my run down....Right now i'm on Chapter 6....So it seems. I kind of feel like I got far into the plot at a neck snap.  So far, it's been fun, but at the same time, i'm not very impressed. Like, I guess for the hype, I expected a little more, and feel like it's underwhelming in story, and gameplay is very repetitive. The boss battles are nice, and play off pretty well for the flare, but most of the time, it's kind of like, take a few steps, fight something, collect things, take a few more steps, fight something, collect more things. Sometimes there's a quicktime event, and that sucks because the timing is horrid there. If you are not PERFECT on the T, you will die, and it affects your overall level grade. I'm not going for Golds, but still, the game's quicktimes are HORRID in design.  Believe me, just for not being perfect on the button, I lost a lot of points.  Level design is actually really nice and they do a good job changing it up from time to time from running on walls, to a little ""run away"" setup. For a game that's supposed to get to 4K, I can't see what it would matter. Textures are okay, but I see 2D textures all over, so it's not a big deal if you do get it to 4K. Runs great at 60FPS with no issues.  Controls are fine.  Voice acting is fine.  Action is fine too.  One of my favorite features is the torture specials. It's a good twist in the game, seeing some of the creative killings, and I enjoy how some are unique.While it may seem like I have a lot of negative to say, I still recommend the game because it IS fun, and I am enjoying it. I have no reason to rage quit it or anything. I just heard so much about the game in the past and might of got a little overhyped here.   Bayonetta is a fun Protag that I enjoy watching for being over the top, so lots of points for that. Kamiya being director, I can see his work all over the place, and he shows why he's a badass.So yeah, Bayonetta is fun, and I recommend it!"
76561197962170755,Recommended,460790,31145054,Posted: 14 April,all,[SWFT] Sephy,Guns on heels. 10/10
,Recommended,460790,31108923,Posted: 12 April,all,💀 SkeletRon 💀,"If you hate Bayonetta, you hate life."
,Recommended,460790,32894786,Posted: 27 June,all,Hadoukenn,The definitive version of Bayonetta. Probably the best port of the game so far. All the lacking elements from the previous ports were now fixed. The Smooth 60fps provides a great and consistent gameplay. Bayonetta kicks♥♥♥♥♥Graphics: 8Story: 7Gameplay: 9Overall Content: 8Great!
,Recommended,460790,31097244,Posted: 12 April,all,jim,Do you like beat em up games? Have you not played Bayonetta before? What have you been doing with your life?BUY IT. Even after the hundreds of hours I pounded into this game on XB360 back in the day i'm ready to smash away another few hundred.
76561198086150045,Recommended,460790,31094546,Posted: 12 April,all,them_apples,Devil May Cry with a hot witch instead of Dante. Yes pls.
,Recommended,460790,31211353,Posted: 17 April,all,MechaMike,I've been waiting years to finally play this game and now that it's on Steam I finally got the chance.Now I understand why this is right up with Devil May Cry as one of  the kings of character action games.+ smooth gameplay+ near endless combo potential+ difficulty is tough but fair- only real negative I can think of is the excessive use of QuickTime events some being mid cutscene that lead to a death when you miss.If you are a fan of the genre then this is a must play.
,Recommended,460790,31166187,Posted: 15 April,all,[LxNF] Lance the Rabbit,I only have 1 recommendation:Booty
,Recommended,460790,31731476,Posted: 13 May,all,Luisfius,"This is the definitive version of Bayonetta.Which already was one of the best spectacle fighters out there.This loads much faster than the WiiU version, but there is little to no chance of bayonetta 2 leaving that console.Then again, if Sega ported them both to the Switch, I would buy them again in that platform, portable bayonetta!Basically, this is one of the best brawling games you can get, might even be better than  DMC4 Special Edition, even if there are a couple of segments that go on way too long that do not involve the delicious fighting, one based on Space Harrier, and one that is  a bit reminiscent of Outrun.They are fun the first time, but they are gating fights. There is no way to skip them and they are also graded.The color scheme is also kind of crummy compared to Bayonetta 2's, in my opinion, but then again Bayonetta 2 was  one of the games that made me not regret getting a dang Wii U to begin with, so my opinion is quite painted by that.This game is very good."
,Recommended,460790,32920198,Posted: 28 June,all,Guard Dog of Hell,Fly me to the moooon~
76561198022778670,Recommended,460790,31139435,Posted: 14 April,all,Bunshin-Ryu,What a great game. Ozzing with style and great play mechanics. Bayonetta 2 please. Also Bayonetta 3.....please.
,Recommended,460790,32271064,Posted: 8 June,all,Cereza,"IntroductionSo this is more of a series review as I think that both Bayonetta games are amazing and almost should be treated as one. Bayonetta 2 is one of the best video game sequels I've played and while I think it's superior to the first game in almost every aspect, the first game is still one of the greatest story-driven game I've ever played. I'll put my comments about the second game in spoiler text (the black-covered text, no story spoilers) because this is mainly the review of the original. Also take note that all this is just my opinion and it's the first ever serious (if you can call it that way) review that I write. Excuse me if the review is hard to read or if I make any grammar mistakes, English is not my native language.StoryThis game has a different take on storytelling that I rarely encountered before. In the beginning you don't have any clue about what is going on and what's coming next. Through the game you guide the main character to understanding who she is and this whole concept of not knowing your final goal allows for some of the most amazing plot-twists. The ending was also great and it is definitely worth playing through the game to see it. The cutscenes in this game are simply outstanding. One thing to take note of is that this game's cutscenes isn't really serious, so if you're not into that kind of humour you won't appreciate it as much.The sequel's storyline is amazing as well. It's not as interesting, but the ending is simply the best I've ever seen. The game made me worry about the fates of the characters and become emotionally attached to them, to the point where the ending almost made me cry. No other game or movie ever came close to what I felt seeing it.CharactersThere isn't much characters present in this game, but each and every one of them is truly unique. All characters have their own personality and the interaction between them is superbly done. Almost all characters have their own quotes that I can almost guarantee you will remember. Bayonetta, the main character, is one of the coolest video game protagonists ever. I will not describe any of the other characters or go into detail because I believe it's better for the first playthrough to be a blind one.The sequel defenitely takes a point for the better characters. Most of the characters in the second game are the same seen in the original, but they feel much more alive and I would prefer them any day. I also prefer the brighter atmosphere of the sequel.GameplayThis game has something to offer for everyone. Casual players who just want to see the story can pick the easier difficulties, while more experienced players can pick the higher difficulties for challenge. The game is very hard at first if you're not familiar with it, so the ""Normal"" difficulty is going to be quite challenging for the first playthough if you're not experienced with similar games. It takes some time to get used to the combat but it's really fun after you get the hang of it. Different weapons can be equipeed and each offers a slightly different playstyle. You can also change the difficulty between chapters so you shouldn't really worry about choosing the difficulty that does not suit you at first. I played the game with a controller, so I can't say what the keyboard and mice controls feel like. One thing that can be annoying at times is the camera, you will have to center it way too often sometimes.The gameplay is refined in the sequel and many of the annoying aspects of the game were altered. The controls also feel more responsive and the camera issues I faced in the original are all fixed. However, I think the gap between the easiest difficulty and the next one is quite big in the sequel. You're literally unkillable on the easiest difficulty (1st Climax), while the next one (2nd Climax) does offer a challenge sometimes. This does not happen in the original. The game is also saved automatically in the sequel which is a good addition.Graphics and port quality.I haven't had any issues with the PC port, it works great. One problem is that the framerate is locked at 60fps and the cutscenes are locked at 30fps without an option to turn the cap off, but I don't think it's such a big deal. The game still looks great even though it was first released in 2009. You can remap the controls, disable inverted axis for the gamepad and more. I've seen complains that the game works terribly with modern hardware, but I've not faced any issues running this game on my modern mid price PC (built in early 2016).OverallI would really recommend getting this game, it's a great experience overall and the price is really low for what you're getting. I got this game and beat it in 3 days, then I went straight ahead and played through the sequel on the Wii U, beat it in 2 days. No games amazed me as much as this since I played Dishonored back in 2012. I can understand the frustrations of some people due to fact that Bayonetta 2 is a Wii U exclusive. However, as far as I understand the sequel would have not come out at all if Nintendo did not fund the game. It's a shame the sequel probably won't get a PC port at all but if one day it does, I'll buy the Steam version straight away. One thing I forgot to mention is the soundtrack, which is good and suits the game's style really well."
76561198005599258,Recommended,460790,31154142,Posted: 15 April,all,RIDE ZA LIGHTNING!!!,"This was the game that put Platinum games on the map all those years ago. And now it's here. Sharper than the original console releases, and devoid of their performance bugs and flaws. You can run it on a toaster, and for the price they're asking?Just get it you mongoloids!"
,Recommended,460790,31095931,Posted: 12 April,all,Ugly,Keeping it short- AMAZING Port- Cut scenes are 30 fps & game is capped at 60- K+M camera controls are weird but the game is TOTALLY playable with K+M- Amazing hack & slash- Bayonetta is hot as♥♥♥♥♥♥buy the game ok.. heck
,Recommended,460790,31083989,Posted: 11 April,all,r2j2612,"I was in college when this was released, back in 2009. Oh how Iwished it was on PC. Fast forward to 2017, I opened steam after coming home from work, I seeBayonettaon my notifications, the next thing I doInsta-buy.Runs 60fps on my 970...no lags or frame drops whatsoever (the in game FPS counter says so) with maxed out settings on 1920x1080.Plus its priced really cheap on my region XD.All I have to say isTHANK YOU SEGAfor keeping that 5 day promise from 8-bit version."
76561198035391503,Recommended,460790,31120927,Posted: 13 April,all,lagrie,"Having played the game on ps3, Wiiu and now on steam.4K glory, 60 fps.Boss fights are on point.Combos are on point.Characters are on point.Now hoping for (maybe) Bayonetta 2. (we can only hope that nintendo gives the go).the best edition of bayonetta to date.Enjoy."
76561198058878393,Recommended,460790,33415572,Posted: 9 July,all,Ms. Dustweaver,Has a lot of weird Christian themes.
,Recommended,460790,31088042,Posted: 11 April,all,Uncle Fass,"One of the best games of all time, it has moments so grand and mighty that it brings me to tears even after playing through it on the Xbox 360.Cannot recommend enough, treat yourself."
,Recommended,460790,31081472,Posted: 11 April,all,Weiksi,One of the greatest action games ever made.
,Recommended,460790,31087044,Posted: 11 April,all,Velcrosasquatch™,"Sega actually did it, the madmen!It's a barebones port with standard graphics options (which is actually more than most modern ports sadly. For Example Bulletstorm: FCE).I really didn't expect much out of a port of a game thats 8 years old.That said it runs very well and looks way better than the console versions.With a game like this the framerate and performance really make all the difference because this plays better than the wii u port everyone was touting as the ""definitive version"".Another nice feature is the loading screens are basically non-existentA game for fans of titles like Devil May Cry, Metal Gear Rising, or Ninja Gaiden."
,Recommended,460790,31137486,Posted: 14 April,all,flowergrass,T H I C C
,Recommended,460790,31391089,Posted: 27 April,all,OrgnGr1nd3r,"I had erectile dysfunction, 15+ hours of therapy session with Dr. Bayonetta cured it. It boosted my confidence, saved my life, boosted my T levels and i can now go on for hours. Would recommend her eyes closed.10/10"
,Recommended,460790,31096417,Posted: 12 April,all,TMk,Dat♥♥♥♥♥in 4K and 60 FPS... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Fapyonetta! 💗💗💗
,Recommended,460790,31081336,Posted: 11 April,all,BonesawSavage,"one of the greatest hackandslash/action franchises ever and my personal fave has come to PC. whats not to love. kinda sad i cant dress bayonetta up in a princess peach costume but come on. lets just be thankful we have 1 on pc. Nintendo saved 2 from financial problems so your never guna see that on here. Its the better game in the series but 1 is brilliant in its own right to.For all you pc tosspots its a brilliant port. go on, treat yourself and give some angels a good spanking. shes so naughty."
,Recommended,460790,31084539,Posted: 11 April,all,7.,<3
,Recommended,460790,31122602,Posted: 13 April,all,Longy9999,Just as cheesy and over-the-top as I remembered it from my 360 days. Its a fantastic port that runs buttery smooth and at max settings uses less than 1gb of vram which means even lower end rigs can enjoy it too.If your unfamiliar with the franchise then just imagine Devil May Cry on acid and you'll be somewhere close.Bayonetta 2 please Sega???
,Recommended,460790,31086935,Posted: 11 April,all,fellowkindred,"This game is about Dante in the skirt.Yep, it`s smth like ""Devil May Cry"", so if you like fast,dinamic slasher with ton of technik attack-skills, you will surrely love this game.optimization is exelent, even my potatoe-computer can ""make this work"" in 60fps and 1080p.location, acrobathics, fights, bosses and everything alse looks beautiful, right as Beyonetta her self.game surelly deserv to be played. (c'mon how can you think about such quations for this price?)-----------------------------------------------------------------------Игра про Данте в юбке.Да, это что-то вроде Devil May Cry, так что, если вам нравится быстрый, динамичный слэшер с тоннами различных комбинаций атак, вам непременно понравится эта игра.Оптимизация прекрасна, даже мой картофель-компьютер может запустить её в 60fps и 1080p, хотя, иногда происходит такое, что в фулл экранном режиме fps падает до 40, видимо, таже проблема, что и с NieR: Automata.Мир, акробатика, сражения, боссы и все остальное точно также красиво, как и сама Байонетта.Игра непременно заслуживает быть пройденной. (Давай, как ты вообще можешь задумываться о подобном за такую цену?)"
76561198141952235,Recommended,460790,31186521,Posted: 16 April,all,RockStar11021,"It's a great port of a great game, and it's a steal for 20$"
76561198119991288,Recommended,460790,31325092,Posted: 23 April,all,Dice_creed,"Writing the review simply for the devs to take notice. The PC crowd badly wants these ports, pls bring us Bayonetta 2. Why miss out on more sales?"
,Recommended,460790,31126811,Posted: 13 April,all,Dr. Rappy Quack,Eggcellent!!! Now my days will be perfect if they decided to release the Bayonetta 2.
,Recommended,460790,31127032,Posted: 13 April,all,Finsolacestrudempance,Good game
,Recommended,460790,31211714,Posted: 17 April,all,Pim #Baby Mario,coming back to this game after Nier Automata just started it I didn't have this in 360 ps3 generation its so cool modern support 4k and HDR
76561198031729863,Recommended,460790,31232189,Posted: 18 April,all,Minme,"One of the best ports to PC ever. And, One of the sexiest, coolest games ever!!!!"
,Recommended,460790,31081993,Posted: 11 April,all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Its basically Devil May Cry reskin with arguably better combat and worse cast. That being said it can't be a bad game given that model, and is pretty user friendly for options and can operate on some low spec machines.Even with all that, the fact that Sega continually brings us classic gems like this and games like Valkyria Chronicles in good ports with no invasive DRM shows its committment to PC gaming. So even if this was a ""bad game"", which it isn't I'd still give it a full applause and full recommend given how well they have done with PC support."
76561198063869032,Recommended,460790,31145085,Posted: 14 April,all,Salem H.,still a very good game even after 7 years
,Recommended,460790,31617234,Posted: 7 May,all,Fricking Heck,I usually don't review games but I found this game to just be exceptional and just super fun while also being replayable.
,Recommended,460790,31280635,Posted: 21 April,all,Banquo,"I just played this game for the first time (never listened to the many recommendations for this game) and I'm in love, I never payed mind to who made the game until about 15 minutes in where i thought ""this plays so much like darksiders and revengence, i love it."" Wish i played it when it first came out on ps3. Having a controller is highly recommended because some of the moves you buy require you to lock on and holding the lock on key while pressing others can make different combos very difficult.Review: 9/10;-Awesome graphics-Fantastic story-Easy to pick up but semi difficult to master gameplay.-Nothing gets stale beacuse newer more difficult enemies appear every chapter.-Extremely cheap for 18 hours of play so farCouple bugs: Right after the cutscene where bayonetta finds her lipstick game crashes if you die in the fight after forcing you to reload previous save.The texturing/artwork of the arena you fight in with jeanne on the second fight dissapears and reappears. every half second. (Quite distracting.)"
,Recommended,460790,31378697,Posted: 26 April,all,Big Bang Blitz,"There's a chance you might have trouble running this. I couldn't get it to start until I changed the drive it installed on. That's pretty bad.STILL - once it installed it became the best game I own. I'm hopelessly addicted to it. Yes I have many games, and in fact have Bayonetta 2. Fact is Bayonetta 1 at a great framerate and high resolution trumps the sequel in almost every way. 2 has some all time great setpieces, but then 1 is no slouch in that department. The fighting is just better in 1. There are some annoyances with how the late game works, yet most players won't ever even see those things. You have to be super dedicated.This review isn't meant to be a comparison between a sequel and a prequel on two different platforms.. no. So how does this size up against similar games on PC? Well NieR Automata is an all time classic already, and really that and DMC 4 are the closest competition. The thing is Bayonetta stomps on all competition with stiletto heels on, and then summons an elder space god butterfly demon to do a really BIG stomp on them. There is no better combat in any game. Platinum set out to make the ultimate action game with this. Then they did.. and damn. No game is so nuanced, so chaotic, so powerfull, so.. pleasureable. Oh god.. it's so good. It's good to the point where after playing 30 hours I felt the urge to type this out about an 8 year old game everyone already knows about. On the surface it is just the most♥♥♥♥♥kicking game possible, but if you want to look below the surface there are astounding details waiting for you to find. Everything is polished to an incredible degree and more importantly is well thought out. Every detail makes sense in both servicing the gameplay and also works in the context of the world the game creates. If you want you could literally spend hours researching the paralells the game draws to actual old world history and many more looking up references to culture both popular and obscure, then you could spend MANY more hours exploring the details of the games numerous systems and incredible weaponry (Nunchaku SHOTGUNS?).. the game itself also has it's own interesting lore if you want to get into that.The control is impeccable. I don't think it's as good as NieR Automata. That's fine it's a much older game and it cements it's number 2 spot easily.Music? Holy damn I don't think music has ever matched gameplay so well. The soundtrack is both superb and littered with it's own references. As a bonus it also has some retro Hang-On, Outrun, Space Harrier, and After Burner tracks that fit very nicely with certain parts of the game where the gameplay diverges heavily from the norm. The game basically has Hang On and Space Harrier type stages. Yeah.Sound? Sterling sound design. Some of the best. Or just the best? I tried playing without looking at the screen and the directional audio and the way cues work make it entirely possible. Not OPTIMAL, just the fact you never have to rely on visual imformation solely helps make the chaos way more manageable. The sounds are bombastic yet easily identifiable among the other sounds of battle. Very satisfying weapon noises adn suprisingly great voice acting.Graphics? Yeah it's kinda old and frankly a lot of games blow it away now. Graphics are not a negative point in the least though, design trumps technology here. The game has never been more gorgeous and it was quite a looker in it's time.All I can figure is you might want a game that's more strategy oriented or has role-playing elements, online gameplay or something this game never intended to offer in the first place. If so this game is not for you. If you want what it says on the tin, if you want the best action game ever created, just like it claims.. you want this. This is a game you may end up playing for years and I eseriously doubt you'd regret a second of it. I haven't stopped since 2009."
,Recommended,460790,31464785,Posted: 30 April,all,rinaldi10pierre,I loved this game so much that I beat it the first day it was done downloading for me
76561198006976651,Recommended,460790,31134266,Posted: 14 April,all,blacker1949,bayonetta on pc. enough said.
,Recommended,460790,31410740,Posted: 28 April,all,Molly Millions,"Bayonetta: An absolutely fantastic game and portPortThe game runs absolutely flawlessly and maintains a stable 60 FPS on 1080p max settings with my pretty low end machine. Other than a few graphical glitches in some of the (pre-rendered) cutscenes, I didn't experience a single crash or glitch in my entire playthrough.I didn't play through with a keyboard/mouse, but playing with a controller feels great. The game also automatically switches button prompts to the keyboard if you press a key or move the mouse, and switches prompts to the controller if you press a button or move an analog stick.PC SpecsRadeon R7 370AMD Athlon X4 860K OC'd to 4.1 GHz8 Gigs G Skill DDR3 RAMGameplayThe game itself was phenomenal. The game-play was atonof fun, graphics were decent (for an older game), music is very catchy, the voice acting was spot on, controls felt great, but a bit of a confusing story.I had to rethink the story a lot while playing, and Bayonetta's motivation for her actions are never really explained. By that I mean, an explanation is givie, but it doesn't explain everything, and it's kind of lazy. Her motivation can be inferred, but a slightly more explicit explanation would've been nice.This is a combo-driven, button mashing, hack-n-slash, and is pretty much Devil May Cry with a free-roaming camera. Every time I would hit an enemy, it felt satisfying. A decent rumble from the controller, a nice slashing/thud sound effect (depending on the weapon used), and blood sprayed out of enemies. Satisfying hits really make hack-n-slash games fun for me. What's the point of beating up baddies if it doesn't feel good? Bayonetta knows what it wants to be, and does it fantastically.Bayonetta is about a witch named Bayonetta. From what I can gather, she's trying to find the other gem of the ""Eyes of the World"", a set of gemstones that she thinks will reveal clues about her past because she has amnesia. Right off the bat it's a bit of a boring set up, but the game picks up the pace by explaining the history of the witches and their counterparts, the Lumen Sages in journals left around the world for you to find.In addition to the journals, there are tons of other hidden chests and collectibles to find, and items, upgrades, and skills to purchase in the store. All these leave a lot of replay value.ProsFun gameplay.Variety of weapons and guns.Tonsof replayability to collect missed trophies and collectibles.I got 12 hours out of the base game, so the $20 price tag is justified for me.The humor is spot on. At least once per cutscene something funny is said.The story can be really cool and interesting when it makes sense. There's a lot of history to the city of Vigrid where the game takes place.Really cool enemies. You fight angels. Not just people with wings, but Old testament stuff, some real terrifying♥♥♥♥♥♥ConsMany of the cutscenes lack animation. They're just still-shots of a film reel, and in some cases it's hard to udnerstand what's going on.Confusing story. I mentioned this before, but it does take away from the game a bit.A lot of pre-rendered cutscenes for exposition that could take place in the game.Driving sections. Enough said.Difficulty can be a bit unfair at times, but nowhere near DMC levels of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.RecommendationIf you like hack-n-slash games, sexy witch ladies break-dancing, and/or replayability, this game is for you. It's got a fantastic price tag already, but if you're skeptical, definitely pick it up during a sale.If you aren't into hack-n-slash games then this one just isn't for you. That's all it really is, and no amount of humor or cool enemies is gonna change that."
,Recommended,460790,31084033,Posted: 11 April,all,GEICO MGB AG | Yoshifan151,Amazing game with an amazing port; BUY IT!
,Recommended,460790,32966188,Posted: 28 June,all,cX` Twisted,"PlatinumGames, you you did a grate job on the port."
,Recommended,460790,32241332,Posted: 7 June,all,The Bright Lord,Just buy it.10/10.
76561198384953790,Recommended,460790,33082222,Posted: 1 July,all,DramoK,"A really solid gameplay, combat is fluid and fun with plenty of combos.The story has a lot of style and little substance with typically Japanese storytelling"
,Recommended,460790,33135689,Posted: 2 July,all,CMYKristy,"Definitely a better port than the Wii U version, sans-Nintendo costumes.As a Bayonetta vet (who admittedly has never beat IC mode), this port was a long time coming. I now have my queen in 3 different forms! As a console gamer, it meets my expectations. I'm not one for tweaking the graphics settings a lot; as long as the game runs and looks as good or better than the original, I'm fine. My biggest pro is that it loads lightening fast and keeps its framerate stable. This is definitely the best version of Bayonetta!My only nit-pick con for the PC port is a lack of extra PC game outfits like what the Wii U version had. Eh, oh well.As you'd expect, a controller is advised!Now to unlock Jeanne for, like, the 6th time :///"
,Recommended,460790,31268145,Posted: 20 April,all,Andras,"Played it for the first time on PC. Platinum games never drew my eye until Metal Gear rising, which scratched an itch I hadn't felt since Devil May Cry 3. I've played some of their other action games and none of them come close... I was honestly starting to lose hope for Platinum's future releases, thinking maybe they just got lucky a couple times. But I've been hearing how great Bayonetta was and how similar to DMC it was for years. Instant buy for me on PC.It's everything I could have hoped for. This game is a masterpiece. That perfect Devil May Cry feel yet in so different a game. All the same action, all the same humor, the satisfying combos and deep combat. Is it any surprise? Hideki Kamiya was the director of both games. Kamiya is also known for being the director of Okami, and Lead Planner/Director in the early Resident Evil games. He's not a golden goose, every game he touches doesn't turn into a golden egg, but god damn it this man has been responsible for more genre redefining games than nearly any other person in the game industry . So long as he's at Platinum Games, I have hope for this company.10/10 Game10/10 Port9/10 Devs"
,Recommended,460790,31849073,Posted: 19 May,all,Shh'Paghetti,"Ahhh good times on my old buddy PS3...If you like hack n slash, guns and S&M finishing moves then you came to the right place.Still a solid 9.5/10-''Let's dance boys''"
,Recommended,460790,32140156,Posted: 2 June,all,Sonya,"Yesterday I beat Bayonetta again on PC! Such a fun game! definetely worth it in 4k and just for 40,000 COP/19.99 USD. Pretty cheap for the game you are getting (and you get a discount on Vanquish, also recommended).My Score:Looks 10/10 - Bayo never looked better. For a game that is from 2009, it is still a spectacle to watch! It has Aged well.Animation - 10/10 - The cutscenes are gorgeous, I would expect nothing less from the director of DMC4...Gameplay 9/10 - Bayo has the best gameplay ever in the Hack n Slash genre. Only surpassed by it's sucessor: Bayonetta 2.Performance 9/10 - The game runs smoothly. Frame rate is heaven compared to the PS3 version. 4k works very well.Story 8/10 - Bayo's story is just an excuse....but is still interesting! Loved the sense of humor in the game... XDGeneral Score: 9/10 (yes yes...I know you were all expecting a 10/10 from me, but that score goes to Bayonetta 2 XD)"
76561198047259478,Recommended,460790,32401189,Posted: 13 June,all,Bayonetta,"+ Everything that comes out of Bayonetta's mouth is gold. Quite possibly the best character I've seen yet.+ All the characters are unique and well-written. In most games, there's one or two people you just don't like or find annoying. Not in Bayonetta (at least for me)+ Amazing story that really makes you think and want to keep playing.+ Gorgeous, catchy soundtrack+ Impressive graphics considering it was published a while ago+/- Harder than expected, but I rarely play action games. It would have been easier had I utilized the game's currency properly. Buy lollipops ^.^- The sequel is only on Wii U :cIf you're on the fence, I say just go for it. If you're a fan of action games, you'll love it right off the bat. Even if you aren't into the combat you can just crank it down to very easy and play it like a story mode."
,Recommended,460790,32402891,Posted: 13 June,all,Jinxsation,Badass female protagonist + big variety of combo attacks + best hack and slash game ever
76561198013866358,Recommended,460790,31095900,Posted: 12 April,all,diggsatron,Its Bayonetta on PC and the port is great. Buy it.
,Recommended,460790,32616488,Posted: 21 June,all,MisterBlister,"Insanely good fun, with a really silly story and a great sense of humor.  Can be a little frustrating at times, might run just a little bit longer than it needs to but the climax/epilogue is excellent and revels in being as over-the-top as possible.  Doesn't take itself seriously at all, but still manages to have a few genuinely touching moments in amongst all the craziness.Here's hoping for more PlatinumGames ports to come!"
,Recommended,460790,31827968,Posted: 18 May,all,BITCH I LOOK LIKE GOKU,god tier game
,Recommended,460790,31091712,Posted: 11 April,all,vansdan,4k. 60 frames. Bayonetta. What else do you want to hear?
76561198230574760,Recommended,460790,33068813,Posted: 30 June,all,Oltzu,Hack and slash your way through mandantory♥♥♥♥♥crotch shots followed up by cutscenes to get ready to hack and slash again. Good game.
,Recommended,460790,33162638,Posted: 2 July,all,Lucky Avalon,"I knew this game was going to be amazing way back when I first saw it in a gaming magazine.  Now that I get to play it, I absolutley love it!  Great graphics, amazing gameplay, music is top notch.  Camera changing is a bit wonky and could have used some improvements, as sometimes it is frustrating to position or see the enemy.  Overall............... greatest game ever!"
,Recommended,460790,31082571,Posted: 11 April,all,Ne[a]era,"HELL YESSSSSS! It' finally on PC! And its very well optimised too!For all of you who couldn't bear the constant framedrops on PS3, this is the ultimate Version you should definately buy!Now Sega and Platinum, BRING VANQUISH AND BAYONETTA 2TO PC!! These games absolutely deserve to be played at 60fps+!!Thank you so much for the late port! It is very very much appreciated! Domo arigato!"
76561198151749775,Recommended,460790,31126182,Posted: 13 April,all,samuelgebowcock,"This game has gratuitous everything, but you have to turn it off whenever anyone enters the room. Plays like a wet dream."
76561198027112180,Recommended,460790,31121871,Posted: 13 April,all,JayCray,"One of my favorite games of all time. If you are a fan of action games then you owe it to yourself to buy this game, especially at $20. Game runs excellent on almost any hardware. BUY THIS NOW! We need more platinum games on PC."
76561198044196973,Recommended,460790,31116952,Posted: 13 April,all,Marauderz,"Like many others, this is the 3rd time I'm buying Bayonetta... so.. yeah, this is worth the purchase especially if you're into action games and haven't played this before yet!"
,Recommended,460790,31117655,Posted: 13 April,all,Hanuke,"This is one great game by Platinum. Glad them and Sega decided to port it here. Also, this is one nice port with few errors and decent additions.To describe the combat, it's fast, fluid and hard. Even normal can make quite a few people die a bunch of times before perfecting the combat motions, despite having near infinite dodge. There's a lot of combos to practice from a bunch of weapon and weapon combinations. Your character, the titular Bayonetta can hold 4 guns. One for each limb. There's also a two handed sword and other things. Also, enemies can drop weapons you can use for a limited time. Plus there, other maneuvers like finishers and even a taunt.Visuals haven't dated much since the initial release, and with higher possible resolutions and other eye candy, it now looks very gorgeous. At higher settings the game may push lower tier computers to their knees but this game in low settings still looks rather nice and doesn't demand that much. Sounds are very good as well and there's English and Japanese voice tracks. As a rarity, the English voice is very nice on this one. The English voice over has as much soul as the Japanese version this time around, so that's a great plus.In the end, this is a great port for a great game. This is pretty much how ports should be."
76561197989350511,Recommended,460790,31122033,Posted: 13 April,all,Noposaurus,"The action is typical Platinum, fast, stylish, exhilarating. However, the level design seems to be showing a mentality unfit for this age. Between the brief mob fights, you have walking segments through the map, platforming parts that sometimes have little visual cues and can be annoying at times, unexpected QTEs, shooting and racing levels that either are unplayable and unenjoyable normally or require no skill once you start spamming evade. The entire game seems somehow dead set on preventing you from enjoying its strongest aspect.I would still recommend the game for the unique style and top notch action, and thanks for the PC port! Do keep in mind though that the game IS one of the first by Platinum and can be unpolished (cancel button doesn't leave the inventory menu? seriously?). If you are only looking for typical Platinum action instead of experiencing the franchise, get their more recent entries."
,Recommended,460790,31110580,Posted: 12 April,all,Master Belschwur,Classic
,Recommended,460790,31142277,Posted: 14 April,all,Vergil,"I always fantasized about playing Bayonetta in 60FPS and HD graphics but never had I ever expected in my wildest dreams that my wish would actually come true. Needless to say, as other reviews proudly imply, This port does meet the expectations and delivers a seamless ""console like"" experience with the awesome PC features we all crave for.Not to mention the realistic price considering the title's former release and age. What else is there to say? This is a GO people! hail Gaben! :p"
,Recommended,460790,31129357,Posted: 13 April,all,Supreme Foosball Sex Offender,Half WitchHalf HumanAll Titti
,Recommended,460790,31113414,Posted: 13 April,all,The Leader of the Bunch,I have not been dissapointed.I want Bayonetta to literally walk over me.100/10
76561197986980314,Recommended,460790,31118714,Posted: 13 April,all,RoyCosta,Veary good port.Solid 60 fpsA lot of grafic seatings and 4k so 10/10
76561198039551056,Recommended,460790,31114654,Posted: 13 April,all,Elmas,Better late than never ;)  Buy it if you haven't played it before.
,Recommended,460790,31118101,Posted: 13 April,all,OOH WEE,"Some frame drops here and there but only in cinematics, other than that its  hell of a game"
76561198046809475,Recommended,460790,31174459,Posted: 16 April,all,tobikron,"That escalated quickly!The action and craziness in this game escalate instantaneously after you press start. Wow. Amazing. And the gameplay is awesome too. In addition the graphics look beautiful, considering that it needs very little hardware power. A great game."
,Recommended,460790,31174637,Posted: 16 April,all,Moist.,10/10Basically the best gamety platinum
,Recommended,460790,31187693,Posted: 16 April,all,Regnells,"Great fun. First time through the campaign might be frustrating since the game likes throwing some cheap punches, but after completing the game for the first time, that's when the real fun starts.Going back to levels you struggled with before and not getting hit once and racking up big combos feels amazing, and really getting the hang of dodge offsetting and some more advanced techniques will make combat a joy.Game is amazing. A definite recommendation from me."
76561197972871936,Recommended,460790,31103703,Posted: 12 April,all,Bamboozle,"This must have been the closest I have ever been to an ""Insta buy"".I actually couldn't believe my eyes, Bayonette is on Steam now!Like Devil May Cry? Buy it!Like flashy Third Person Hack and Slay with an amazing Soundtrack? Buy it!This game is everything it promises to be (and so much more).What a great port of an amazing classic!Thank you Platinum Games! Thank you Thank you!"
76561197974105367,Recommended,460790,31101209,Posted: 12 April,all,METAL,i have always wanted to play this game and now its available on PC. great port. plays well with M&K and displays the PC buttons as well. everything set on max and it looks to the most part beautiful.crazy enemy designs and beautiful looking levels. nice selection on weapons and crazy moves to defeat your enemy. even the voice acting pretty good and the cutscenes at times are hilariously over the top.
,Recommended,460790,31091168,Posted: 11 April,all,Above,I am so happy.
,Recommended,460790,31096220,Posted: 12 April,all,JesusHentaiChrist™,"Unplayable because of rediculous stuttering.EDIT:A recent small update has fixed this problem, thanks.A great game"
,Recommended,460790,31098966,Posted: 12 April,all,Joe Dirt,This game is worth every cent. One of the best hack and slash games I have ever played. Runs beautifully at a consistent 60 FPS while the cutscenes are running at 30 FPS on my PC. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes a challenging hack and slash single player game.Thank you SEGA!-Joe Dirt
,Recommended,460790,31099036,Posted: 12 April,all,TheBearBelow,"One of the best PC ports of a console game i've ever played. Runs flawlessly for me at maxed graphics, though running off an SSD makes the training room while loading redundant as the game loads too fast to make use of it. If you were a fan of Bayonetta on console, you will love it on PC. A+"
,Recommended,460790,31108241,Posted: 12 April,all,BORN-TO-DIE,"A modern classic and the benchmark to beat when it comes to character action games, only bested by its sequel, bayonetta 2.""BEAUTIFUL"""
76561198011975213,Recommended,460790,31110598,Posted: 12 April,all,Z3R0Dyne,"Already played this game on the PS3, then again on the Wii U.  Just wanted to incentivize the developers that people will buy their game if they  port them to the PC."
,Recommended,460790,31110768,Posted: 12 April,all,Gropiemon,The best Bible slashfic ever made 10/10
76561198137125990,Recommended,460790,31116183,Posted: 13 April,all,Deci,just amazing really have to think about what your doing
,Recommended,460790,31114797,Posted: 13 April,all,Ｃｒａｙｆｉｓｈ,"I had Bayonetta back on Xbox360 when it came out, i beat the whole game with atleast platinum on everything and all the achievements unlocked.Guess i'm back at it again!Absolutely a fantastic game, runs smooth and controls are working perfect.This is how you do ports, devs!"
,Recommended,460790,31082362,Posted: 11 April,all,R :C W,"2017: The year someone at Platinum('s publishers) finally saw reason and now i can give them lots of money and i couldn't be happier.Port feels great and runs flawless even on my potato, loading times are insanely short, Game itself is and has been top notch brilliant for 7 years so ... if you care at all about this genre probably have it your steam library by the time i'm writing this."
76561197994207456,Recommended,460790,31139939,Posted: 14 April,all,yoshifreak,10% gratitous sexiness30% non-stop hack n' slash60% wtf were they smoking?
,Recommended,460790,31113186,Posted: 13 April,all,Ex3cutioNNN,Thank you PlatinumGames and Sega for sharing this game with PC Gamers i hope Bayonetta 2 is coming soon .
76561198053293797,Recommended,460790,31112875,Posted: 13 April,all,Spamification1,"I have now bought this game for 3 different consoles. This is by far the best version.Pros:Amazing combatGreat humourCompletely over-the-top boss fights60fps constantCons:Needed to upgrade windows 10 to run properly. Not the games fault, just AMD's.Absolutely recommend it to everyone. Bring on more pc ports, Platinum."
76561197996730397,Recommended,460790,31095764,Posted: 12 April,all,Plutotex,Thanks to Platinum for bringing this gem to PC.Guns! Guns! Guns!
,Recommended,460790,31110737,Posted: 12 April,all,monkaGIGA Rare Smugest Ms.Crouak,"First off, the port is perfect. Decent range of graphic settings and solid performance all around, with stable 60FPS. I'm currently running it with an outdated rig and downsampling from 1440p with GeDoSaTo without an issue.Second, the game is amazing all around and really shows it was made with nothing but love.Ranging from the references to other games like RE and wonderfully crafted escenarios to Bayonetta's own aesthethic and movement. Combat flows perfectly with a wide arrange of abilities and weapons, each with their own combos and ""Wicked Weaves"", Bayonetta's magic.Story may be confusing at the beginning but gets MUCH better earlier.Overall? A must-buy. Even if you don't like HnS, you are gonna probably love Bayonetta. Both the game and the character itself."
,Recommended,460790,31124016,Posted: 13 April,all,Lumi,"Queen of spectacle fighters, now on PC!It's bloody solid, the PC port is fine and loading times are obscenely fast!9/10 would fly to the moon again."
,Recommended,460790,31094241,Posted: 12 April,all,morfilithia,"I've complited this game on 100% on every platform it came out on and will gladly do it once more.This is not my genre at all, and yet, I've sunk hundreds of hours into it. Love the gameplay, the music, the characters, and the overall atmosphere. It's cheesy and overly sexualized but it is well done, and Bayonetta is definitely one of my favorite characters ever.It's insane just how much they've worked on this game's lore and how rich with content the game is itself. It has a huge replay value, and can be quite challenging if you are a perfectionist.Items, weapons, and levels of difficulty as well as numerous costumes offer great variety. The game runs smoothly for me, personally.Also, you murder angels and have an amazing butt. 10/10"
76561198044104155,Recommended,460790,31142481,Posted: 14 April,all,BILBOSWAGINS,"Never played this game before, absolutley blown away by how much fun it is. Still looks pretty good too for a 7 year old game. For $20 it's a no-brainer, and the port is pretty solid as well. 11/10"
,Recommended,460790,31143553,Posted: 14 April,all,HighTidesX,It's about time I got this beautiful woman in my life again. My first divorce was a painful one. 11/10
76561198260084524,Recommended,460790,31093541,Posted: 12 April,all,Reed Wan,"After install - Ok, I play & test a bit.A few minutes later after install - Nah~ Who cares, let's finish the game already!!"
,Recommended,460790,31135795,Posted: 14 April,all,Glen Fletcher,Button mashing and boobs.
76561198091443595,Recommended,460790,31143222,Posted: 14 April,all,TheRoyalMeerkat,I literally suck at the game because the loading screens with combos on them go by so fast.10/10 Port.
,Recommended,460790,31087372,Posted: 11 April,all,.Ż. Dathus [BR],"Devil May Cry with Boobs.I Love it!A bit repetitive, Go to an Area, Kill everybody, Repeat until the end.9/10"
,Recommended,460790,31081727,Posted: 11 April,all,Eisenwolf,I played this on the 360 back when it came out. I have always held the idea of it being on the PC as the right thing to do because this game is so over the top and also completely peerless with it's combo system if you can get it down to a fine art of precise button hits when you have gained most of the accessories and attacks which can be bought in the game it will blow your mind what my favourite witch can do when she kicks the proverbial♥♥♥♥♥♥out of heavens little helpers.The graphics are smooth and much more richer than the 360 version and I can see that the game is a lot more precise as well. Admittedly I do play with a 360 controller it is after all what I played the original with but it does not dissappoint it just seems to have gotten better with age.I would also say that we are UNLIKELY to get Bayonetta 2 because it's sadly a Nintendo Exclusive because Sega dropped the game when it supposedly did not sell well on past gen systems this was probably due to the PS3 having issues with the load times and other game breaking issues and that's why it ended up sold off by Sega and then Nintendo bought the IP I do however have a Wii U so not going to complaining have now what 3 copies of the original and 1 of the second.I loved this game the voice acting of Bayonetta ie Helena Taylor is hilarious at times and some of the boss cut scenes will leave you in stitches when they get beaten. I will never lose my love for this witch. A total blast.
76561198353107273,Recommended,460790,32900723,Posted: 27 June,all,我爱高俊熙,我要大姐姐！！！
,Recommended,460790,32903400,Posted: 27 June,all,Могучая♫кучка,"On GDC 2016, Yinaba Atsushi explained how they exhaust themselves to build the game system for a challenging and balance gaming experience. But when it comes to story, their goal is just ""put the fights together"".So Platinum games always have a obvious shortcoming, their story is weak and their characters lack depth. That's not a good idea when you want to make a platinum 3A game, especially the market is very much mature. That's why they ends up developing Bayonetta 2 only for WiiU.And thank god they met Yokoo Taro and SE."
76561198066452632,Recommended,460790,31090686,Posted: 11 April,all,Machine,Literally the best character action game ever made. Literally. Not figuratively.
,Recommended,460790,31090674,Posted: 11 April,all,LennonTЯ0N,"AWESOME GAME, RUNS SMOOTH AS BUTTER, I always wanted to beat it after playing on xbox, now I thank SEGA for releasing this for pc."
,Recommended,460790,31219466,Posted: 18 April,all,🎃Bad Dream🎃,I killed a boss without using any of my powers except SPOILERS (kinda) witch time
,Recommended,460790,33354073,Posted: 7 July,all,Let's Dance、Boys!,贼棒的游戏，只是如果刚开始玩的人有的场景会头晕，因为有的地方会一直转
76561198070109218,Recommended,460790,33240782,Posted: 4 July,all,Yiri,An extremly good port for the pc and an overall amazing game.>Truly a must-have for fans of action games and fun combat!<
76561198070646890,Recommended,460790,31096110,Posted: 12 April,all,God Of Mafeiness,"7 Years after playing this on the 360, its finally been released on PC. Bayonetta is back in its full glory boys, with all its ridiculously outrageous and over the top stylised combat and action that I loved so much back then.Featuring a superb original soundtrack taht cheerfully spilling out masterfully written tunes with each Angel you take down, an one-of-a-kind art that is exquisite enought to give even the current fashion designers and artists an object lesson in style and last but not least, Bayonetta herself; how often, if ever, do you come across a witch sporting not one, not two, but four magnums on each of her hands and feet, donning armor woven out of her own hair and summoning demons out of that very same hair, all while smashing asses and breaking Angels' cherries at the same time?This is without a doubt the definitive Bayonetta experience. If you liked Nier Automata and wanted to try out some of Platinum Games' earlier hits, this one is not to be missed.Be sure to take advantage of modern features like DSR and Ambient Occulsion and use a controller if you want to truly appreciate the masterpiece that Platinum Games managed to conjure up all those years ago."
,Recommended,460790,33718631,Posted: 22 July,all,KillerQueen1337,10/10
,Recommended,460790,31100681,Posted: 12 April,all,Tanya von Degurechaff,Great game. Amazing port.Please! Port more of these great titles to PC!
76561198147654112,Recommended,460790,31103958,Posted: 12 April,all,Derexgt,10/10 SEGA 4k constant 60fps on everything turned up to max and we also have hdr for people like myself that have a hdr display!!
76561198085943520,Recommended,460790,31159634,Posted: 15 April,all,RollingShoes_,"First and foremost: THANK YOU Sega and Platinum for bringing this game to PC! It doesn't matter how long it took for the Queen of H'n'S to get to PC, what matters is she is here and we have the definitive version at our hands to play! Now, if any of you reading this want more games ported to PC by Sega, by all means please consider buying Bayonetta if you are interested in Hack and Slash games in general.About the game: what we've got here can be descibed like this: the most awesome Hack and Slash game next to the Devil May Cry series. Add one of the strongest female leads in gaming history, astounding combo system, marvelous voice acting (in English! I may add. and we also have the option to set everything to Japanese!)  and replayability to get all the unlockables and then you have Bayonetta. Oh, and I haven't even mentioned the music and boss fights... yeah.. Spectacle fighter at its best."
,Recommended,460790,31083832,Posted: 11 April,all,暗月の剣,"I have played Bayonetta in PS3 before, had tons of fun and sexy ti... I mean... witch time! Trust me, this is one of the best action game port you have here. Better screenplay + 60FPS and support card system as well.If this is your first time with Bayonetta or real fast action game, she won't let you down. Let's dance boiiiiiiii!!"
,Recommended,460790,31123284,Posted: 13 April,all,Kyosai7,"Absolutely one of the best action games ever made.Bayonetta's a wonderful, fun, sexy, over the top character, in a wonderful, fun, and over the top world.The gameplay is absolutely top notch. 60 fps just makes an already great game better. It's by Hideki Kamiya, original creator of Devil May Cry, but better. Dodging, linking combos,s eeing how much damage you can do in as many hits as possible is just a huge thrill, aided by the huge over the top spectacle of the game. He took everything he learned from making that series and improved it threefold for Bayonetta.I really can't say enough good things about this game. My only criticisms were fixed in the sequel, which will never come to PC, as Nintendo personally funded the game. Those being the ""Angel Attack"" mini game is really lame, and a lot of the  story cutscenes are still shots with narration, which are pretty boring. The few cutscenes with full motion and action are spectacular, though.I bought it for $60 on the Xbox 360 release 7 years ago and didn't regret it a bit. I bought a Wii U specifically for Bayonetta 2 (which came with the original for free) and Hyrule Warriors and didn't regret a dime spent. I spent $20 on this, the definitive version of the first Bayonetta by spades, and feel like I haven't gotten this kind of value for my money in a while on one game.If only other underrated gems got the love an attention this diamond gets. I'm looking at you Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition. Buy this game."
76561198069609574,Recommended,460790,32009114,Posted: 27 May,all,VND,Still the best DMC type game.
,Recommended,460790,33670625,Posted: 20 July,all,Skooma_Salesman,You like games?You like movies?You like women?You like style?OK.
,Recommended,460790,31307658,Posted: 22 April,all,Fartlek Spizzle,"It may be ten years old at this point, but Bayonetta is still the finest action title of our time.  The PC port is absolutely flawless as well - constant 60 FPS, no technical issues whatsoever and practically nothing in the way of load times."
,Recommended,460790,33778540,Posted: 24 July,all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"A real spiritual successor to Devil may cry, with a whole lot of love put into it.Quite literally one of the best beatem up combo systems ever derived with immense selection of weapons and attacks to really express how well this game plays.The game does suffer from quite a bit of annoying instant kills during QTE cut scenes.If you are a perfectionist in games, be prepared tyo rage at all the stone awards youll be getting  (What a day)"
,Recommended,460790,31094311,Posted: 12 April,all,platoprime,This is an excellent port of an excellent game.
,Recommended,460790,31094463,Posted: 12 April,all,K.Constantine,It's Bayonetta.
76561198008176162,Recommended,460790,31212054,Posted: 17 April,all,GySgt. B. Armstrong [1st MRB],"Very fun spectacle fighter, and was more than pleased to see it become available on PC to finally play.A few problems getting it started with setting options for keyboard ideally (which you probably shouldn't if you can avoid it, but it is workable on mouse and keyboard), but once it got going it was amazing.My only criticisms are thus:The story that could have used a bit more clarity in some situations, but overall this is a story that doesn't take itself too seriously anyway, so such small gripes IMO can be forgiven. You're playing this because its a great fighting game, some pretty good one-liners, laugh at corny scenes, and because Bayonetta is a treat to watch at work. You're not going into this expecting the next Citizen Kane.Score seems a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to actually get anything higher than stone rank in some situations since the game presents more than a few situations that can con you out of a death on the first try, but then I'm also playing with a keyboard and not a gamepad and don't play all that many spectacle fighters.Overall, a great port for an 8 year old game, and definately is worth the price."
,Recommended,460790,31194627,Posted: 17 April,all,Egg,"The best of its genre (on pc at least, haven't tried Bayo 2)"
76561198082085031,Recommended,460790,31815079,Posted: 17 May,all,Elektro-Lites,Should you buy this game? Inferno yeah you should!
76561198358476494,Recommended,460790,31195044,Posted: 17 April,all,XIII,"Nice game, So addicted. I hope there are additional costumes"
,Recommended,460790,31815413,Posted: 17 May,all,SpiralJew,"Best game I've played of it's genre. Never have I played a hack and slash with such fluid attacks. Glad it was brought to PC, now only have to hope for the 2nd."
76561198069224857,Recommended,460790,31112575,Posted: 13 April,all,organicpeach,A fantastic port of one of the greatest action games of all time.
76561197982813699,Recommended,460790,31140292,Posted: 14 April,all,RyuKaiser29,"Still an amazing game that stands the test of time... and the test of my patience. Even with the idea that I can't ""absolutely fail"" with infinite continues, the game mocks you with stone awards for being that much of a failure. It hurts my ego, but only because I know I deserved it.I'd like to give huge props to the streamer ""CallOfCthulhu"", he's streaming it, and watching him play it, and seeing it run so smooth, I had to get it. I am not disappointed at all. Terrified of the pain the game wants to inflict on me... but not disappointed. Runs butter smooth and looks great on high settings."
,Recommended,460790,31237902,Posted: 19 April,all,Nuclear Hot Sauce,"Games runs great on GTX 970, i5-2500 and 8GB DDR III, 1080p/60FPS, maximum setting allowed, supports plug n play through xbox 360 controller for windowsNote to laptop owners or old mobile GPU owners, I tried it on the GTX 765m, i7-4700MQ, 8 GB DDR III, it does NOT run well at all, I can barely maintain 30 FPS at 720p, all low setting, there are stuttering all over the place, even when you're just running around and have nothing on screenThis is a great port Sega, hopefully this sells good enough for more PlatinumGames' games to be ported to Steam (Vanquish, and MAYBE Bayonetta 2(Doubt it))"
,Recommended,460790,31103899,Posted: 12 April,all,Revolver Lanky Kong,"Game is great fun but has a stuttering bug after the intro that causes an immense amout of stuttering on AMD CPUs and even Intels to an extent, I know AMD CPUs aren't the best but they should be able to run an 8 year old game.EDIT:Figured it out, if you encounter this issue, and are running Windows 10, you can fix this by downloading the Window's 10 Creator's update, the game now runs at a solid 80 frames.EDIT #2:As of 5/18/17, Sega/Platinum has finally released the patch that fixes this bug. Rejoice! While the patch took way longer than it should've to come out, the game is great and the low asking price means I'll still recommend this game."
,Recommended,460790,31230443,Posted: 18 April,all,og gangster,Danny Devito! you're in this game tooo (you'll get our money if u just bayonetta 2 on PC)
,Recommended,460790,31085820,Posted: 11 April,all,stenk,PRAISE JUBILEUS
,Recommended,460790,31216833,Posted: 18 April,all,Spaghetti Joe,"I was waiting for this from soo long,now that is finally out Ialmost finished it up.Actually the best action game I ever played,cool characters,super simple combat sistem but never boring the only hole is the plot,which is actually not the best for this kind of game but it sure worth the prize.B U Y  I T"
,Recommended,460790,31217120,Posted: 18 April,all,Goeli,"Still a fun game, worth seeing Bayonetta dance again."
,Recommended,460790,31238271,Posted: 19 April,all,rondertaker,"if you like third person action/brawlers platinum games make the best i've ever played, and BAYONETTA is likely their magnum opus.  all the ridiculous anime excess and silly sexiness you can handle slathered over an incredibly fluid, intuitive, and challenging combat system.  legitimately reminds me why i fell in love with gaming in the first place, and my life is better now that i have it on PC - plus the port is top notch!  (also now i have something to keep me entertained while they fix nier)"
76561198025263595,Recommended,460790,31730143,Posted: 13 May,all,JUMBO PALACE,Had a great time with this game. I'm not the type of person who gets super into combos and perfection in fighting games like this but this is fun regardless of your skill level. The steady escalation of awesome setpieces and really satisfying fighting pulls you right along. Runs great and still looks pretty good for a game from 2010. Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,460790,31236947,Posted: 19 April,all,SWXY :'D,"Story: 6/10Gameplay: 7/10Combat is fluid, fun (in the beginning), especially when Witch Time is activated after a near-perfect dodge. Only the basic weapon is required to clear this game. Capcom's IP had the ""better"" system which ""encourages"" the player to use alternate weapons to defeat specific types of enemies, resulting in complex methods of performing combos that offers way more satisfaction than what this title offers.Get this for the sexuality, or just support SEGA, or if you are a fan of the Action, Hack and Slash genre."
76561198048712516,Recommended,460790,32123053,Posted: 1 June,all,Homunculus,"ten outa ten best game, best game!"
76561198123900931,Recommended,460790,33870165,Posted: 28 July,all,TromaTyze,"So...sexy witches fighting angels?Well what more do ya need, play da damn gaem"
,Recommended,460790,31093947,Posted: 12 April,all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),Square Enix - ''No one is going to beat 2B's a$$ in 2017''SEGA - ''Hold My Beer''
,Recommended,460790,32509870,Posted: 17 June,all,Dirty Sanchez,Great Game and Sexy ;-)
,Recommended,460790,31959126,Posted: 25 May,all,z00k,"Like Devil May Cry, but even more awesome and over the topVery very well done PC port and a very fun and hard game!"
76561198082519728,Recommended,460790,31100413,Posted: 12 April,all,alexyan,"very nice game even so many years passed. you will like it, hope this series all come to PC"
,Recommended,460790,31130832,Posted: 14 April,all,Omgilikeapples,OG Glasses Bae is back!
,Recommended,460790,31128512,Posted: 13 April,all,Speedaddict,Brilliant port. The game looks impeccable and run smoothly. The storyline is fresh. The action is fast-paced and can be challenging if needed be. I recommend the game 100% and also recommend you pick up a controller to play it.
,Recommended,460790,31100099,Posted: 12 April,all,roxas76927,Finally Yes! :')Thank you Platinum and Sega <3
76561198106527706,Recommended,460790,31130765,Posted: 14 April,all,Teagu3 Martin,"Very nice old game remaster on PC, beautiful work at 4K resolution, pls take me money!"
,Recommended,460790,31895551,Posted: 21 May,all,TizzVaccs,"I would consider myself a pretty seasoned gamer - I know what I like to play and game styles I don't like.  I enjoy reading reviews as much as playing the games to see what I am getting myself into.I'm usually not big on the hack and slash kind of games, but I felt like using my controller for something other than GTA 5.This game is as fun as it is hard, at least to me.  I wasn't looking for a frustrating endless cycle of trying to master the controls and trying to find the exact strategy necessary to beat the bosses - I just wanted to have fun, hear the story and have Bayonetta kick♥♥♥♥♥like in the cutscenes.The game delivered.  You can ratchet down the difficulty level for each of the chapters, and this made it much more enjoyable for me.  And even on the easier settings it might not be as challenging, but Bayonetta still dies and I have to do things a few times to pass the level.   It isn't as frustrating and it is fun to watch the story.I don't have any gripes about the game play or the controls - the abilty to move the camera is much nicer than the Devil May Cry style that can change in an instant and make your character suddenly be going in the opposite direction.  I'm playing on an easier setting so the more advanced moves come easier.  I guess I am just playing on easy badass level, but I can always go back if I want more of a challenge.  I'm not looking to be the best Bayonetta player in the world, I am just enjoying the game.There seems to be a lot of depth with different moves, items, spells and backstory in the game you can look at as well.My only problem with the game is that the character Bayonetta reminds me of the mother from Arrested Development.  She's kind of ♥♥♥♥♥y and standoffish, but I guess this is by design - she is a 500 year old witch.Fun game, fun to play, the graphics are excellent and you can change the difficulty level to decrease your frustration level.  I found it hard on normal, but like I said, this isn't the usual style of game I play, but I am enjoying it."
76561197963711340,Recommended,460790,31100277,Posted: 12 April,all,shobi,Finally.
76561198281046345,Recommended,460790,31194908,Posted: 17 April,all,tgd21,Excellent game
76561198154393321,Recommended,460790,31815103,Posted: 17 May,all,Visceraider,Great game that i am glad made its way to steam. I hope they port the sequel soon.I used to have frame rate issues with my high end AMD crap I am glad to say that after a patch i play very smoothly.
,Recommended,460790,31138205,Posted: 14 April,all,Gaburiasu,"Bought this as soon as I saw it, even though I own it on console already.10/10 game would buy for a third time"
,Recommended,460790,31138794,Posted: 14 April,all,teella,I've bought this game on every platform now! Kicking♥♥♥♥♥and sucking on lolipop's gotta LOVE IT!
,Recommended,460790,31138440,Posted: 14 April,all,DALBEN,"Great game, great port, buy this game!"
76561198106098494,Recommended,460790,31138226,Posted: 14 April,all,Bat,"Good game undoubtedly. I strongly recommand that friends who love ACT game should try Bayonetta.But some of my friends aren't willing to buy it, because they cannot understand English or JapaneseWe need Chinese"
76561198049825330,Recommended,460790,31165623,Posted: 15 April,all,hitchcok69,"I love this game!I first played a platinum game with Nier Automata and fell in love with their style. And boy Bayonetta is so much better in so many ways.I feel im getting close to the end of the game and I know I will be sad when the story will be over.Having said that, its already clear to me that this game has a great level of replayability so Im gonna go back and play it a 2nd time for sure."
76561197998570156,Recommended,460790,31165558,Posted: 15 April,all,GatlingNuke438,The Best part of the PC port is that I get to use my mouse on Angel Attack!
76561197982193835,Recommended,460790,31232486,Posted: 19 April,all,bloodyrave,"Counting this purchase, I've bought this game 4 different times.  First on PS3, then on Xbox 360, then the copy that came with Bayonetta 2 on Wii U and finally the highly anticipated PC port.It's the spiritual sucessor to the Devil May Cry franchise as well as a love letter to every SEGA fan.  If you're a fan of Devil May Cry, Gungrave, God of War or any other 3rd person, fast paced, spectacle action game and you haven't played this, then play this.From a technical stand point I can't really say much, I'm currently running a 980ti paired with a i5 6600K so this game at it's highest settings is a cake walk for me, it's a last generation port with some extra tweakables for the PC crowd- which was nice of them to include after all this time.This game is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Also note, if you don't have a controller- don't even bother, these games were made for play on a controller.  I don't even know how this game's keyboard controls are because I wouldn't like to put myself through that experience.Other similar titles of note from this game's developer on steam include:Nier Automata, Metal Gear Rising: Revengence and to a lesser extent Transformers Devestation as well as Legend of Kora- the last two were licensed titles that were rushed and made on a budget so while they are quite enjoyable they aren't as high in quality as the first two games."
76561198353868560,Recommended,460790,31092080,Posted: 11 April,all,Gambl0rd,"Great platinum games classic! I have a 1080 with i5 6600k. Runs at a capped 60fps and no more or no less, cut scenes are 30fps. I daresay this to be the definitve edition. I use a xbox one controller. 20 bucks may be a tad bit for an old game however i fully support the rerelease on console ports such as this gem on pc. I 100% the original on xbox 360 and i will do it again on the comfort on my pc. If you have not played this game expect over the top action. This game is along the lines of devil may cry or meat gear solid rising."
,Recommended,460790,31674948,Posted: 10 May,all,papalazarou,works perfectly for me.  If you have any sense youl just get it and play the hell out of it.  Its a classic title that oozes quality and style throughout 10/10...the port is fantastic too
76561198409795064,Recommended,460790,34038001,Posted: 5 August,all,crushadi,"nice game port, and i really like the action games like this, hopefully bayonetta 2 port to pc too"
,Recommended,460790,32958815,Posted: 28 June,all,Katzumi,"This Game is absolutly fantastic. Bayonetta is probably one of the most awesome female characters in Video Game history, she is just too awesome :DI highly recommend this game, even though it can get hard, especially in the middle and end part."
76561198080468518,Recommended,460790,33657681,Posted: 19 July,all,Super Senpai,"I have been waiting for this port for a looong time. It is one of my favorites and most played games back when I was still a console peasant. Not often do I see a port that actually does better than the original. This is how all ports should be done and make it worth paying again, not just for nostalgia's sake for those who previously owned it. As flawless as my most admired heroine of all time!"
,Recommended,460790,32992204,Posted: 29 June,all,[:D] bac0n & 3ggs,"At last one of Platinum Games's first masterpiece is here on PC. This game is fun as ♥♥♥♥ and never takes itself seriously. Who wouldn't want to play as a witch who wields pistols on all four limbs and has clothing made from her own hair. Jokes aside gameplay is extremely satisfying pulling off combos and getting those perfect dodges to trigger Witch TIme to chain more combos.Boss fights are semi-frequent but, all of them are super entertaining to fight filled with crazy♥♥♥♥♥set pieces and cinematic QTEs that'll glue your eyes to the screen while you're mashing the attack and dodge buttons.9/10 with keyboard and mouse.10/10 with a controller.Wouldn't mind playing as a English-accented witch with glasses again in the sequel, if it ever comes to PC.""As long as there's music, i'll keep on dancing."""
76561198085972728,Recommended,460790,33291737,Posted: 5 July,all,Kephir Baron,"So, i never got to play Bayonetta when it first came out, but now that is got a pretty damn good port to steam, it is an extremely fun experience.I would like to say though that I have been experiencing some graphical glitches while playing for more than 2 hours at a time, not sure if thats my graphics card or just something that generally happens, but either way it does take away from some of the fun factor as it screws me up as i try to fight enemies.What Platinum games excels at is amazingly fun gameplay, and this game is no acception. It is fun, stylistic, has a lot of personality compared to  alot of hack and slash beat em ups that seem to just be the same carbon copies of each other.I recommend this game to whoever is a fan of Platinum games, and a fan of addictive hack and slash gameplay."
76561198002517129,Recommended,460790,33587909,Posted: 16 July,all,Ninja_Se7eN,"As a fan of Devil May Cry 3, I've no idea why I didn't play Bayonneta back when it was released.I'm really glad this go released on PC. If you like the hack and slash genre, you will not be disappointed with Bayonetta!Now, if only Sega and Nintendo could make an arrangement for Bayonetta 2 to be released on PC as well!"
,Recommended,460790,33614064,Posted: 17 July,all,Frutson,"Pretty solid port. Sometimes game had performance issues on launch and had to be restarted or turned into windowed mode to run properly. Other than that and 30 fps in cutscenes there's nothing to complain.Must play for every character action games fan. Plenty of depth and ability to improve your skills. Music is great, enemies are diverse and there are some fun segments which I won't spoil for you, I can only say that you go fast in them.Only thing i didn't like is how they didn't animate all of the cutscenes, I guess budget issues. No problems with overlooking that. The other thing is the save system. Couple of times i wasn't paying attention i was forced to replay a chapter, losing about 20 minutes of progress. 8,5/10."
,Recommended,460790,33714393,Posted: 22 July,all,have-a-good-time,"The story itself only 7/10 but the gameplay and the character is enough to keep me playing until the end.Pros:- NO DLC- Witch time, it teach you to dodge and react in time- Movement fluid and smooth- Stable portCons:- Might die during cutscene XD- Camera angle sometimes out focus, the enemy can be unseen"
76561197971309067,Recommended,460790,33889754,Posted: 29 July,all,Soulless_dude,Just finished this masterpiece! Can't believe i missed this game until now. Weird but intriguing and exellent level design and variation plus a little bit of ''accidental'' eye candy and great humor. 9/10
76561198174411057,Recommended,460790,34062966,Posted: 6 August,all,shantoxia,Great game!
76561197962053367,Recommended,460790,34067586,Posted: 6 August,all,Defonos,"Overall outstanding and totally unique for its time.   The combat is top notch and the skill ceiling is high.  The combat is extremely fluid and polished (as are most Platinum games). You can get through the game with a few combos, but the devs give you the opportunity to use a s**tload of combos to use in the right timing.   If you want to get platinum medals on everything you'll probably need to know them all.  Extremely stylish and the story isn't that bad either.There are a few annoying moments in the game.  Some of the boss battles have a few gimmicks and the rocket/bikes/shooting parts are OK but tedious in some ways.Game is 8-years old now and has aged amazingly well."
,Recommended,460790,31094097,Posted: 12 April,all,Jivvie,Sweet love of booty; just buy it.I wish I was blessed with this game long ago.The mechanics are beautiful and the style is so engaging. So glad I supported this work of art.
76561198056459247,Recommended,460790,32829488,Posted: 26 June,all,Sexual Healing,"A must-have game for any hack-n-slash fan.I hate to compare the two, but if you're familliar with the Devil May Cry games - you'll feel at home here.Pros:-Stylish, solid and extremely fun, rewarding combat;-Challenging (alas, not exactly ""deep"") scoring system;-All things considered (old game, port, etc) - the visuals are as good as can be expected, smooth and beautiful animations, great character and weapon textures;-Pretty lengthy campaign, worthy of replaying on other difficulty levels, with different weapons, items etc;-Bug free (personally I haven't encountered a single game-changing bug, crash, gameplay related or otherwise).Cons:-Might be a bit brutal to newcomers, don't get fooled by the ""normal"" difficulty setting, it may still unfair at times (the difficulty setting can be changed anytime during the campaign).  The tutorial is extra short, and the game doesn't bother explaining some key mechanics like ""dodge offset"";-Story mode is the only playable option;-Most of the fun stuff is unlocked only after 1 or even more playthroughs, depending on how much you can achieve in a single run;-The soundtrack is a hit or miss, beautiful and immersing at times, and feeling completely out of place in others. It is, however, still solid.Overall, a great game. A must-have for fans of the genre, and a great option for anyone who seeks challenge, action, and style.I only hope they manage to port Bayonetta 2 as well."
,Recommended,460790,31088231,Posted: 11 April,all,Hyper/Mirror,"T H E D R E A MIt's Bayonetta. Please don't tell me you haven't played it, cause if you like video games...You should play this video game of video games.Here's to a third entry in the series."
76561197970528993,Recommended,460790,31172319,Posted: 16 April,all,Indi,"I'm a big fan of stylistic hack and slashers like Devil May Cry, but I never got around to playing Bayonetta.It is an excellent contribution to the genre, and this PC port is extremely well done. It looks great and plays fluidly.My only gripe is that there was no official 21:9 support on release, but the some savvy people in the community quickly found a simple hex edit that worked flawlessly for me. It is my understanding that official support is coming soon.I hope the second game will come to PC too, but knowing Nintendo's business practices, that will probably never happen."
,Recommended,460790,31089797,Posted: 11 April,all,ZippingAce0,"I recently finished this game after a few days of release and through and through this game is much more refined and polished than the ps3 version and likely performs better than the Wii U version. I originally played and owned the PS3 version of the game despite the awful perfomance on the system. Despite already owning the game on console, I felt it was necessary to buy and play the game on PC becuase the improved performance allowed me to play the game a little more than casually. For the low low base price of $20 is well worth the price for the value one would get out of this game."
,Recommended,460790,31973846,Posted: 26 May,all,James D Bad RAger,"very fun hack and slash game.only problem is the color seem washed out,used reshade to fix it, otherwise game run flawlessly on my system max out setting @1440p.ryzen 1600, gtx1070, 16gb ram and win10 pro."
76561198417098778,Recommended,460790,35049022,Posted: 18 September,all,cheese police,"Brilliant game - I never had the chance to play this before, but glad I waited all this time for the PC version. Looks incredible, runs beautifully and requires very little from your hardware."
,Recommended,460790,35077329,Posted: 19 September,all,GamEr G0D (The Hedgehog),This is the Nier Automata of hack and slashes
76561198023690183,Recommended,460790,35079263,Posted: 20 September,all,Ifrinn,Devil may cry and Shadow Warrior had a baby .... far too short. Very fun. More than worth the 20 bucks.
,Recommended,460790,32909580,Posted: 27 June,all,Gheedo,I want bayonetta to kick my ❤❤❤
76561198057752548,Recommended,460790,32830297,Posted: 26 June,all,Reol,♥♥♥♥ Grace & Glory.....Great game though!
,Recommended,460790,32905874,Posted: 27 June,all,OhiToKi,good port game not bad
,Recommended,460790,33027995,Posted: 30 June,all,Starring Slin,Brought back all my bayonetta nostalgia and ran great!
,Recommended,460790,31678718,Posted: 11 May,all,dudeglove,"Originally played this to death on PS3 which was infamous for its excrutiating load times and frame rate dips.This port is excellent. The load times are non-existent. I don't know if it was a ps3-only issue, but the first thing that stood out was that the horrendous Quick Time Events are far more forgiving (the first clock tower jump used to kill me constantly and I could never figure out if it was some latency issue with the controller and/or the TV). On rare occasions there are frame drops (though probably running other programs in the background doesn't help). Visually it's a lot less foggy, meaning the jagged edges of some things stand out more.As for the game itself, it's still a ludicrous near-incomprehensible delight that's as hard as balls, but also has two easy difficulties for those who don't want to put up with Bayonetta's BS. I have thoroughly enjoyed replaying it, especially because it's so easy to just load up now, but I don't think I'll go through the torment of finishing it on all difficulties again.(Pro TIp: the completely broken PPPPK weapon switch combo with Durga/Kilgore on your feet still works - enjoy the explosions!)"
,Recommended,460790,35094676,Posted: 20 September,all,✧･ﾟ: * HOT ANIME GIRL ^.^ ✧･ﾟ: *,10/10every bit as fun as it is tasteless
76561198040173478,Recommended,460790,35215861,Posted: 25 September,all,Spear,"Great game, especially the gameplay with all the unlockables, if you are a Devil May Cry fan you must play this!"
,Recommended,460790,35115548,Posted: 21 September,all,Ballinbino,"Good game, glad they released it on PC."
,Recommended,460790,31101664,Posted: 12 April,all,SmokeyMcP,"Amazing game. Runs like a dream, love every character I've met so far and my god the lewdness/comedy is off the charts.Pretty much just boils down to being a better DMC.I've never played the console original so I can't say for sure if it looks better then that but it is a very beautiful game and alot more then I've come to expect from games that were console only off the start.Would 100% recommend this game to any fan of hack and slash games like God of War or Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,460790,35358997,Posted: 30 September,all,gwynbLeidd,If you don't have another hack n slash to play...
76561198079346730,Recommended,460790,35432923,Posted: 2 October,all,KrisyGaming,It has some great gameplay even the pc controls were amazingly optimized to work well with a keyboard and mouse which some developers tend to leave out when creating pc versions of a console game. Now its even in 4k at 60fps which makes the fighting look even greater.On the downside the games story at moments can be slightly cringy like when they poorly attempt to sexualise the character which is funny and i dont really care but at least do it right and smoothly instead of just really odd and cringy to see. Although thats a rare occurence and i think its done more of as a joke but sometimes they just suck at it and it becomes a cringy hot mess basically.Overall the story is odd and comedic somewhat and very over the top at times but honestly so far this game has some of the best fighting ive seen in a pc game in a long time especially with the keyboard optimisation.Id honestly day if you enjoy fighting games this is a must buy
76561198116160301,Recommended,460790,31278209,Posted: 21 April,all,Saladin,Perfect port of a perfect game!
,Recommended,460790,33673187,Posted: 20 July,all,Cheese Cake,"Bayonetta is the most stylish game i have ever played. If Bayonetta was a clothing brand, i would shop at it exclusively. That's how cool everything in this game is."
76561198073349621,Recommended,460790,33984777,Posted: 2 August,all,Singularity,Best final boss and best ending ever 10/10
76561198152196838,Recommended,460790,32133695,Posted: 2 June,all,WhatIsMyLife,"As far as beat em ups go, this is a great one. Arguably the best game to come from Platinum Games. Easy to learn, but hard to master with a good amount of depth and lots of replay value. It's up there with Devil May Cry 3, God Hand, and Ninja Gaiden Black."
76561197977688777,Recommended,460790,31811343,Posted: 17 May,all,Squeed707,"My favorite Devil May Cry clone ever made.  Thrash your way through hoards of angels and demons with the iconic sexy super witch!  It runs a lot better on PC than it did on 360.  Definitely worth the low priced re-buy years later.  Plus the dialogue scenes are much better in Japanese with English subtitles.  :D  I would suggest this game for anybody age 13+ that is comfortable admiring the feminine form.   If you are one of those kind of people that is afraid of their own body and has to keep shorts on in the shower (aka. prudes), this game is not for you. :P"
76561197962397576,Recommended,460790,31829312,Posted: 18 May,all,Tony Yorkshire,"Bought ""Bayonetta"" and pre ordered ""Vanquish"" both for £22  ""OUTSTANDING"" !!""Bayonetta"" is as fit as a butchers dog!! runs as good as gravy on yorkshire pudding!!Cheers lads and lasses!!Tony Yorkshire:)"
76561198204690079,Recommended,460790,31866314,Posted: 20 May,all,Calamity Blaster,I give Baeonetta a Bae/10
76561198024922437,Recommended,460790,31979472,Posted: 26 May,all,Santa,"I'm not really a big fan of this kind of fighting game type of gameplay, but putting it on easy and going through the game's story was great fun.  Really a great imagination to create such a crazy story and gameplay.  I had a great time and this is actually my second time purchasing the game and playing the game after I played years ago on the PS3.  I hope they will end up releasing the sequel on PC also.  I don't remember having any techincal issues at all either, so a great job at porting this over to PC."
,Recommended,460790,31107352,Posted: 12 April,all,Draco_zm4,"The port I had been waiting for. THIS is what I wanted, the original game to be enjoyed with visual fidelity to the amazingly gorgeous art direction of Platinum Games. This is the definitive edition. Playing Bayonetta in 4K @ 60fps is a dream come true. The gameplay seems more fluid than ever, and I can see every single move of a combo in ultra high definition. The reason this is one of my favorite games of all time is that the gameplay is so satisfyingly intuitive and fun. Cool-looking enough with an easy-mode to keep casual gamers entertained and interested, and with a deep and complex combo system to let hardcore hack/slash players have some really good fun with it.The lore and world of Bayonetta is detailed and interesting enough to make me want to know how the story ends. Many laughs were had with this game. This game will always have a place in my heart, so gud.Thank you Sega and Platinum for porting over the game to PC, and for doing such a good job with it."
,Recommended,460790,32851154,Posted: 27 June,all,much.zen,One of the best action games ever. Just incredible.
76561198039942668,Recommended,460790,31136152,Posted: 14 April,all,Gabe,Can play it with one hand 10/10 game.
76561198039968332,Recommended,460790,31119933,Posted: 13 April,all,Tevuks,oh lord now this is a hella lot of fun. and it can even run on potato (i get about 50fps +- i have i3-3110m @2.40 gt620m 6gb ram)
,Recommended,460790,31149336,Posted: 14 April,all,Consider Sudoku,Still one of the best hack 'n' slash games ever made and as an owner of the 360/Xbone and Wii U version I must say this is the best one yet. Optimized better than Nier Automata although the AA could use some work. Overall for $19.99 it's well worth the price.
76561197980023759,Recommended,460790,31089594,Posted: 11 April,all,sim sim salabim,Definitive version of one of the best action games of all time. High quality PC port. Properly priced day one. Purchased immediately in the hopes that we see a Vanquish port and more Bayonetta however we can get it.
76561198035198832,Recommended,460790,31207271,Posted: 17 April,all,Insert C01n,"If you're a fan of ""Hack n slash"" games there is no way around this game. Crazy gameplay, awesome soundtrack and a nice mix of funny but also sometimes at least a bit ""serious"" moments. It's not an easy game in my opinion but very satisfying if you get the hang of it. Thank you Sega for finally relasing this game on pc!!! :) (Pls do the same thing with Bayonetta 2!^^)"
,Recommended,460790,31229436,Posted: 18 April,all,Argent,She doooooooooo
,Recommended,460790,31117251,Posted: 13 April,all,Blunder Sunder,Nuts - but brilliant. Hard to describe but a ton of fun.
76561198195199414,Recommended,460790,31137400,Posted: 14 April,all,goodlooking543,Pros: Bayonetta on PC.Con: Bayonetta 3 not announced.
,Recommended,460790,31100428,Posted: 12 April,all,󠀠,"lewd, funny and fun a f+repedit: this is actually an amazing game holy fthe combat is amazing and the game is WAY over the top making it really fun to playalso surprised that this is a port considering how well it runs"
,Recommended,460790,31780225,Posted: 15 May,all,ceprof2004,I spent 20 hours with this game. I know it is a lot for this game but actually I really liked the game. I just discovered my love for hack and slash games. I have a history with this game as I ordered only for WiiU but never arrived. I was not meant to play it in a console but enjoy the beauty in PC.Although sometimes I run through frustratig moments with unresponsive control but overall a great game.I totally recommend the game.
,Recommended,460790,31380419,Posted: 26 April,all,Pretentious Geek,"High camp Japanese western parody gone sexual gone witchcraft gone HAIR. Press R to climax.(legit though, it's one of the best games ever made and you should play it now)"
,Recommended,460790,31516718,Posted: 2 May,all,CyberTronic,you get to go surfing. in a highly sexualized hack n slash.
,Recommended,460790,31329703,Posted: 23 April,all,Edamame Dog,"""If there's two things I hate in this world, it's cockroaches and crying babies! Well, a crying baby cockroach would be truly terrible..."""
,Recommended,460790,31081284,Posted: 11 April,all,Junko-sama,60* fps Cutscenes are locked at 30. Other than that it runs perfectly fine. Good game too.
76561197970370861,Recommended,460790,31081310,Posted: 11 April,all,Masterhummel,One of the best spectacle fighters around with a decent port and a fair price.
76561198007440054,Recommended,460790,31673473,Posted: 10 May,all,Hoss Delgado,It's not a port of the PS3 version.
76561198032403754,Recommended,460790,31553248,Posted: 4 May,all,Satch,Overwhelmingly awesome game.  Ninja gaiden 2 would be proud.
76561198282795814,Recommended,460790,31287323,Posted: 21 April,all,Discotyme,This is probably better than the original. Now we just need Bayonetta 2
,Recommended,460790,31285291,Posted: 21 April,all,Extreme Buddhist,"I own this on 360 and Wii U. I've completed it on both. I was almost willing to let this release slide. Then you released it on my birthday. Bought again because I want the 2nd one on PC, which I also have on Wii U but get this♥♥♥♥♥♥out there. It's so good. But it'll make you feel like a dirty little schoolboy. But the action is sublime. The music.... Oh the music... Can we get a vinyl of this? Epic is not the word. Bayonetta's clock tower is the only stage I want to play in smash bros because of the music. Its just so damn good. 9/10 (mainly for making me feel like a pervert with every crotch shot, it makes it my guilty pleasure rather than one I'm constantly boasting about :P)."
,Recommended,460790,31088281,Posted: 11 April,all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"She gets into some ""hairy"" situations"
,Recommended,460790,31205220,Posted: 17 April,all,Uzumaki Naruto,100/10 For THIS FAKING GAMESexy Characther name / BayonettaNice Story faking awesomeCool JOKEGreat System & ControlFun for combat & combou look somegame for funny ? / YES PAY IT
76561198023035754,Recommended,460790,31168700,Posted: 15 April,all,Heathcliff,"When the gameplay is as good as the ""plot"""
,Recommended,460790,31210885,Posted: 17 April,all,Brawl Gaming,This is a great PC port and I recommend it to anyone who hasn't played it on console before.
,Recommended,460790,34221390,Posted: 13 August,all,M i l l e r,Good
,Recommended,460790,33852358,Posted: 28 July,all,paciVista,"Stunning grapchics, amazing soundtrack, great graphics, hillarious, full of action, unexpected ending. This is one of the best game i have ever played in 2017."
,Recommended,460790,31102227,Posted: 12 April,all,Snail,"Amazing port, it even says how much VRAM will be used in the graphics settings.Excellent game, great price, flawless port. I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,460790,34727680,Posted: 3 September,all,☠BoneDaddy☠,It's basically a jazzier and sexier version of Devil May Cry.
,Recommended,460790,31083526,Posted: 11 April,all,necuz,"Flawless port (as far as I can tell, my system is quite a bit over recommended) of one of the best games of all time."
,Recommended,460790,31218972,Posted: 18 April,all,Pixelationist,Pros:- My favourite game of all time comes to steam!Cons:- Reminds me of how much I suck at games now!10/10Would fail 50 times at every Alfheim again!
76561197966058501,Recommended,460790,31490226,Posted: 1 May,all,ekoenig,"Simple and Short:Strong-Sexy-Badass-Bayonetta!!Incredible Game, with one of the most unique main characters you will ever see.And last but not least, a very good pc port...See its possible ! *looking at other companies...*"
76561198324040212,Recommended,460790,32698990,Posted: 23 June,all,Dendy R1,this game is much more sexy than devil may cry
,Recommended,460790,33142716,Posted: 2 July,all,BreakingSalty,"I owned the POS3 version, it was ok kinda buggy tho. This PC versions is, however, fantastic. This was such a memorable game I had to pick it up on Steam. Great port, high quality, and the Steam Controller support is great so you can use the POS4 controller to play this. Picking this game up on sale is a steal, well worth it."
,Recommended,460790,33167430,Posted: 2 July,all,Big Boss,"Was awesome on consoles (except that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ps3 port), even better on pc. If love you games like DMC and God of War you will fall in love with this game. Great port and awesome graphics."
,Recommended,460790,33148019,Posted: 2 July,all,Rokk,"Great game. Surprisingly deep combat mechanics! The replay value is pretty good, too. Platinum did a great job with the port.My only gripe is the QTE's. I found myself dying to unexpected QTE's in certain cutscenes. Fortunately, the game saves before each of these events, so it's no big deal."
76561198040106431,Recommended,460790,33170199,Posted: 2 July,all,Xscaper the tactical,"One of the best hack and slash games from the last generation finally makes an appearance on PC.This port is in excellent shape. Even though i'd rather play this game with a controller, the KB+M seems to work very well.Game runs buttery smooth at 1440p 60fps.It's a must buy."
,Recommended,460790,31087017,Posted: 11 April,all,Dan,"System Specs:i7-2600KMSI Geforce GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6G8GB DDR3 RAMWin 10 Pro 64-bit (Build 14393)Samsung SyncMaster 2494 HM Monitor (16:9)Settings:1920x1080everything maxed out**Set the Preset to user defined because ""High"" had no SSAOTechnical Review:60 fps in prolouge and chapter 1. I heard that some CPU have problems after prolouge, but I don't seem to have those. Video sequences are playing in 30 fps without the stuttering known from NieR: Automata. Loading times are extremly short. In Bayonetta the loadings screen is a ""minigame"" where you can try out combos. I manage to do like 2 punches and the loading screen ends! The 1080p is real 1080p not like in NieR: Automata (without fan patch...).So far a really nice port.About the gameplay: Just as awesome as it was on consoles."
76561198315369321,Recommended,460790,31087098,Posted: 11 April,all,D.Rich,"Flashy, sexy, weird and fun. It's just a shame that the 'crafting' element kinda bogs it down somewhat and interupts the action-oriented pace.Overall though, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,460790,31331576,Posted: 23 April,all,StAnger,"Great game, Played it on the 360 and so glad to have it on PC. Now we just need to get Nintendo to relase the second one for us."
76561198032287370,Recommended,460790,31437418,Posted: 29 April,all,NerfedFalcon,"Simply put, you can't do better for hardcore action on Steam. Dramatic flair, incredible music, and a fighting system that's as fun to watch as to control make for a great package, easily worth three times the $20 asking price."
,Recommended,460790,31273548,Posted: 21 April,all,michaeltm83,"One of the best hack and slash games out there! Originally played this and the 2nd one on the Wii U when they came out then, and playing it on PC felt way better! (mainly because framrate on WIi U was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes).Except that the gameplay feels fluid, story's still good, and Bayonetta is still sexy af.The lack of Nintendo costumes makes this game a 2/10 tho (JK I know it ain't possible to being em).I hope that Bayonetta 2 on PC might happen someday but I kinda doubt it, which is a shame, cause having that game on Steam with constant 60fps would be amazing. I'm at least hopeful for a Switch re-release sometime down the line. More people need to experience Bayonetta 2.Conclusion: Buy this game it's good."
76561198040665441,Recommended,460790,31081589,Posted: 11 April,all,SomeStupidGuy,Runs & plays perfectly.Bayo is finally on PC and as far as I can tell from my small amount of play time the port is amazing.
,Recommended,460790,31117185,Posted: 13 April,all,Intone,THERE WAS NOT ENOUGH FANFARE FOR THIS RELEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
95595309559530955,Recommended,460790,31273813,Posted: 21 April,all,Daywii,👍
,Recommended,460790,31126175,Posted: 13 April,all,Lars,"In the words of Adam Smith of RPS: Glorious nonsense.Sums it up pretty nicely but if you need more:Bayonetta is the PC port of one of PlatinumGames' finest action biffathons.Port report:Outside of most of the AA options not working properly and some odd glitches in cinematics at 2k/4k resolutions, Bayonetta has never looked or played better.  Its a good port that should run well on most hardware.  Controller strongly recommended.About the game:Some of the finest tuned and satisfying spectacle fighting we've seen yet, and this game is getting a bit on in the years now.  It is super responsive with LOTS of attack variations, ridiculously violent, lots of refreshingly super weird enemies to crush, and the action is so fast you don't even really have time to notice that Bayonetta's 'clothes' (cause they're not actually clothes you see) disappear off her body when she magics it up.Lots of japanese weirdness, I'm loving it but I understand that it might be a turn off for others.  Oh and much sexytimes, Bayonetta rarely goes more than a minute without lewd poses or going au naturelle.  I personally feel like it is done on 'her terms' as a character but you know, if you have a problem with seeing some skin now and then, maybe not play this game."
76561198385535303,Recommended,460790,31670583,Posted: 10 May,all,El jefe,"Was worth the wait, fantastic game."
76561197997651721,Recommended,460790,31082681,Posted: 11 April,all,Del1verance,"(I have a GTX 980 4GB)60fps @ 1440p50fps @ 4kTextures, AO, Shadows on Max.Borderless and windowed supported.Japanese and English dual audio.This is the definitive version of the best action game in the last 15 years that doesn't contain the words 'Ninja Gaiden' in the title. Looks and plays absolutely fantastic and shows no signs of age. Oozes style with every turn with its unique art style and captivating soundtrack. White knuckle speed and near instant responsivness (use a controller).This is a must buy."
,Recommended,460790,31158756,Posted: 15 April,all,Tilleleleleee,big boobs + high heels with guns = 10/10
,Recommended,460790,31189692,Posted: 16 April,all,EpicPosterGuy,Beautiful !
,Recommended,460790,31623393,Posted: 8 May,all,[C4Ke] Autumn 🍰,Absolutely loved it
76561197993507398,Recommended,460790,31099453,Posted: 12 April,all,kalib_88,Bayonetta 2 please. Like now... Nevermind. Just saw the Nintendo logo in the Bayonetta 2 opening cinematic. Not gonna happen:(
,Recommended,460790,34532559,Posted: 27 August,all,Eatafkincookie,"A great game that rivals JoJo's Bizarre Adventure in outlandish poses and attacks.Pros:+Bayonetta herself - a great character design+Getting cool aesthetic items or new weapons+The story was oretty good+The feel of the game was great - I loved the eccentric natureCons:-Honestly I personally thought the port was fine and worked brilliantly but the harder difficulties made it a little harder to aim at enemies with a keyboard/mouse.-Combat isn't hugely varied, it's good for the most part and unlocking new moves keeps it interesting but it's still hack n slashy.-The game is prety short tbh, although it released on PC at a great price so I can't complainOverall very fun game to play, emphasis particularly on fun!"
,Recommended,460790,31081469,Posted: 11 April,all,Southside Provider,A far superior port than NieR: Automata!
,Recommended,460790,31086143,Posted: 11 April,all,n9,It's starting.Here it comes.I'm already wet.Im ready for it.Bayonetta 2 when?Nier patch when?2B costume when?I may have to divorce 2B.Thank you Platinum Games for the amazing port!
,Recommended,460790,32739346,Posted: 24 June,all,ThoRanDz,"Unlimited hack and slashFull of actionFighting everywhereAnd the fan services, hhmmmm ...I realy enjoy the game and I realy need next story for Bayonetta (if you know what I mean :D)"
76561198160868511,Recommended,460790,31352180,Posted: 24 April,all,Strayed Lynx,A great port of a great game.I hope that Sega will release on Steam Resonance of Fate as well as the Hatsune Miku games and as for Platinum i'd love to have Anarchy Reigns and Granblue Fantasy: Project Re:Link in my Steam library so i hope they will port those games too.
,Recommended,460790,31092506,Posted: 12 April,all,Quibber123,It's ACTUALLY Bayonetta this time.It's here.It's finally here. (In glorious 60FPS and 4k)
,Recommended,460790,31314977,Posted: 23 April,all,IsaeK,Bayo you should have your hair cut
,Recommended,460790,31191431,Posted: 16 April,all,フィルシーフィンガズ,you can punch god into the sun10/10
,Recommended,460790,31092867,Posted: 12 April,all,Ryuushen,"Thank you SEGA. Thank you Platinum Games.PROS:+ HIGH QUALITY PORT <3+ Sexy Waifu (1*)+ AMAZING and UNIQUE story line+ Great music - It does brings the mood while playing game+ It's fun to play since there's many funny moments but doesn't lack of action (duhh)+ Yes Hack-n-Slash but DOES require A LOT of right-timing dodging+ Steam achievements and trading cards+ Just Twenty for the MasterpieceCONS:+ No Steam backgrounds and Emoticons :C+ Camera is not THAT good yet for Keyboard and Mouse users -> Can still playable after some configurations (Like me)(1*)> Glasses> Long, silky smooth hair> Sexy, seductive smiles> Beautiful, lewd British accent> C U R V E S> Cheerful, confident> Childish on the morning but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip your throat of at noon> Strong AF> C  U  R  V  E  SGOD TIER WAIFU MATERIALS!"
,Recommended,460790,34783417,Posted: 6 September,all,♪ tuty ツ # ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),1. Starts game2. Sees Bayonetta3. Sees Bayonetta with glasses in spandex (͡o‿O͡)4. Sees Bayonetta fantASStic moves ( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)I rate this gaem 10/( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)
,Recommended,460790,31158487,Posted: 15 April,all,soc hexum,It's a video game.
,Recommended,460790,31082645,Posted: 11 April,all,Mhmmm,"Very good port.AA is not working, but who needs AA anyway ;)patched!"
,Recommended,460790,32749404,Posted: 24 June,all,Papa Smurf,This is a weeb game for people who are not weebs.
,Recommended,460790,33334908,Posted: 6 July,all,aczeir,Didn't expect game with this kind of graphic only play with 24 fps in my GT 730 laptop.
,Recommended,460790,31526063,Posted: 3 May,all,WolfLimit,Beautiful! Wonderful! Nice! Gorgeous!
,Recommended,460790,31084568,Posted: 11 April,all,Bovine Joni [VC],"Finally Bayonetta comes to PC. The port is pretty great, the game runs at a constant 60 fps and comes with a decent amount of graphics tweaking options (adjustable Anti-Aliasing, Textures, Shadow, SSAO, and Texture Filtering, as well as options for HDR and V-Sync). The game also supports resolutions of up to 4K, which is a nice touch. Keyboard and Mouse controls are an option, but I'd recommend using a controller personally, as the game lends itself more towards that kind of control scheme. This is a great game overall, if you are a fan of games in a similar vein to Devil May Cry or Metal Gear Rising I'd definitely recommend it. I played the hell out of this on PS3 and will likely play the hell out of it again."
76561198003180739,Recommended,460790,31088950,Posted: 11 April,all,Kamina727,Still the queen of hardcore action gameplay.
,Recommended,460790,31153401,Posted: 15 April,all,Citrus Nebula,"Absolutely amazingI've been a Bayonetta fan for quite some time and to see this game get a very nice PC port is wonderful. The graphics quality on this port is much better than on console.Bayonetta has very crisp combat system with plenty of combos you can perform, coupled with an outstanding soundtrack and fun uses  of gameplay mechanic switches. Get this game."
76561197960778588,Recommended,460790,32660911,Posted: 22 June,all,tyler,"For 2 meals at McD's, you could own one of, if not the best, brawlers of all time.  It is not easy; but it is rewarding."
,Recommended,460790,32866777,Posted: 27 June,all,✡Hamelo B✡,this goodholy
,Recommended,460790,32873437,Posted: 27 June,all,BaconSpiracy,dat♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,460790,32987154,Posted: 29 June,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru!,"its a really good, if you put the lowest setting, you will be fine. Depends on how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is your computer"
,Recommended,460790,31084589,Posted: 11 April,all,MadRat1171,You want to touch me ? ~ BayonettaYes ! I finally touched this masterpice on my PC !The best hack and slash game ever made with amazing soundtrack and stunning action.11/10 This game is one of the best I have ever played !
,Recommended,460790,31084593,Posted: 11 April,all,I N F I N I T E - E U R E K A,"To start this review off, get this game. Seriously last time this game was playable was when, the xbox 360 was still pretty much revelant? Plus its only $20, and it has an amazing story and characters.Pros-4k resolution-Revamped Cutscenes-anti-aliasing, anisotropic filtering, SSAO lighting, scalable texture and shadow quality etc  etcCons-None that I know ofI havent ran into any issue at all, the frames are spot on, no dropping at all.I just hope now we get Bayonetta 2."
76561198079795608,Recommended,460790,31088696,Posted: 11 April,all,vilvec,"I'm glad Platinum & SEGA decided to get this to PC.FIGHTINGIt's the fun combo-based thrill that it's claimed to be.Precise dodges lead to Witch-time, openings and punishments.Torture attacks, guns, guns, guns and some break-dance.A flurry of moves fluently arranged to undress Onetta.It's just brillianty crafted, hellishly satifying and overwhelming fun.STORY...and it's as silly as games can get.It's sexy too. It's so overly fetishized ...it's kinda off-putting.Onetta's best part is her face. And her glorious glasses.I'm glad they came up with this.Bayonetta is never shy of exceeding utter shamelessness,celebrating over-fetishisation and foolishness beyond belief.The story is purest nonsense with nothing left but laughs.Bayonetta just warms my heart.I can only heartilly recommend such a joyride.It's something I love games for: pure fun and giggles.ABOUT THE PORTOne thing about the port though. Nothing to complain BUT the loading times.They were said to be quite long back in the day (optical mediums and all that jazz).So you can train combos while loading.Well. That doesn't work on PC.At all.You might get a glimpse of some button combination and loading is done.If you ever load long enough to get even a single command in, I congratulate on your toaster.I use a GTX 750 ...and the game runs perfectly at 1920x1080 with Textures and SSAO on high, HDR as well. Had to cut the vSync, but got 8xAA and 8xTexture Filtering. No slow-downs to find yet.PS4 Controller works as expected, perfectly fine.VOICESAnd as always: I'm very thankful that the japanese voice-overs are available. You can ignore them if you don't want them, but they are there for those who appreciate the orginal versions. Although Onetta has a really seducive british voice. Very yum."
,Recommended,460790,31161695,Posted: 15 April,all,chrisman11335,If you like Devil May Cry at all just buy it you have nothing to lose aside from your innocence.11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,460790,31193045,Posted: 16 April,all,K_Natsu,"My computer system is abit lower than minimum requirements but stil can play in low graphics. Gameplay is very good, my first impression is lots of her sexy combos and cutscenes.  Before I buy this, I only knew that she is a witch with guns and glasses. > 3< So GOOD THAN I EXPECT"
76561198202031650,Recommended,460790,31148801,Posted: 14 April,all,Ryza,"A great game from Platinum Games and Hideki Kamiya. It is fun, fast pace, action packed, cinematic and hilarious experience.The player takes control of an Umbran Witch named Bayonetta who kills angels with a variety of weapons, combos, torture attacks and demon summons. The plot is confusing at first, but it starts to make sense towards the end of the game. The world of Bayonetta is surprising lore rich, however the game's plot focuses more on Bayonetta, her allies, her amnesia and her role in the lore. It must be admitted that Bayonetta is not a story-rich game. The plot is sufficient; but the main appeal of the game is its combat system. There are a myraid of combos that can be combined with the various weapons and certain combos have powerful finishing attack. After fighting the mini bosses and bosses and Bayonetta's rival Jeanne, it will become clear how awesome this game and the combat system is.The game is definitely a gem and the reviews from critics argee.Bayonetta and Nier Automata are proof that Platinum Games knows how to make fun and engaging games,Bayonetta is also a great way to practise your Enochian."
76561198042706890,Recommended,460790,31279576,Posted: 21 April,all,$M0K3_W33D_ERYD4Y,Bayonetta has a really great... um... personality.  It also has a nice big...uh...story.
,Recommended,460790,31107399,Posted: 12 April,all,Tragon,"Top game, top port, no negativies.smooth 60fps, upgraded graphics."
76561198031906530,Recommended,460790,31260513,Posted: 20 April,all,7Stormwalker,A beautiful port for a amazing game at an great price.3x as fun as ghost recon for a 1/3 of the price.
76561198147789412,Recommended,460790,31263876,Posted: 20 April,all,trew domko,such a great game! i always wanted to play the 2nd one but the first is still really good! was worried that they would mess up the pc port but they did a great job!. i know nintendo is gonna be stubbern and not let bayo 2 get a pc port but i still hope so.
,Recommended,460790,31082649,Posted: 11 April,all,Waltzhound,"Steady 60fps (with cutscenes locked at 30fps) and fullscreen with 1080p with GTX 1070.Bayonetta is possibly within my personal list of top 5 video games ever and having it on PC couldn't get me more giddy. I literally had the the countdown that came before the release of this game on Steam on an extra screen that I could follow from the corner of my eye. Seriously.The combat and gameplay is (in my opinion) above or at least on the same level with God of War, Devil May Cry and similar. The story is decent, but what makes the fun is NAUGHTY. HUMOR.very laughmuch goodwow"
,Recommended,460790,31364289,Posted: 25 April,all,David T.,SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY. Platinum games never fails to impress me their fighting's mechanics. The game is so well optimized that even my intel HD runs this at 60 fps.
76561198380465565,Recommended,460790,31200056,Posted: 17 April,all,1136896164,i am very  like this
76561198159791453,Recommended,460790,31094468,Posted: 12 April,all,oOShiroTenshiOo,Best port. Epic game.
,Recommended,460790,31094635,Posted: 12 April,all,Enzo虚,HAIR FIGHTS!
76561198293076536,Recommended,460790,31592001,Posted: 6 May,all,Lord-Fawful,"One of best games I've ever played. This offers great gameplay but boasts a awesome soundtrack. Controlls are tight and landing combos feels good. Bayonetta never seems to have a dull moment and offers players a fun but challenging play      (if you play on hard and higher) The story mixes humor, witches and angel♥♥♥♥♥kicking what not to love.The only concern I had with was at the begining of the game with lag. For some reason the setting had the resolution at max and turning it down to something my computer could handle the game ran near perfectly."
,Recommended,460790,31356875,Posted: 25 April,all,tearfromthered,"Still the best 3D Beat them all 8 years after release. The graphics are not obsolete today, and the animation are still stunning. Easy to run on older PC, good port (not perfect), but sometimes harder to run on very powerful PC for some weird reasons. 4K 60fps.  this is the best edition of Bayonetta (no new contents sadly)"
76561198044767950,Recommended,460790,31101910,Posted: 12 April,all,Peter,Game worth every freaking cent.I always dreamed about Bayonetta coming to PC and dream come true.Awesome gameplay even on keyboard.
76561198009600257,Recommended,460790,31090271,Posted: 11 April,all,Tinkybell,OMG !!!!!!!!!!THANK YOU !!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,460790,31101415,Posted: 12 April,all,King Vegeta,"Let me first say that I've never played a Bayonetta game before this one, & while this game is a great PC port it's still not perfect. I do however recommend the game, since it is by Platinum Games & nearly all of their games are a jolly good time.PROS-Bayonetta is FINALLY on PC-Fun action Based Combat-Fun & Lovable Characters-Lots of unlockablesCONS-QTE Segments-Minor Camera Issues-Can be RepetitiveGAMEPLAY & FEATURESThe gameplay itself is pretty basic when it comes to similar games in the genre, but this hack & slash is almost anything but basic.  You attack with B/Y buttons to perform various combos. RT is your dodge & if you dodge at the last moment you enter Witch Time, which makes everything in slow motion & gives you a major edge on your enemies.  As you play through the game, you unlock a shop to buy upgrades, items, & weapons.  Most of the time, I found myself buying health items, as this game is no push over, even on normal.If you perform the right combos they will end in a finisher, where Bayonetta uses her hair to summon a demon to attack her foes, & if you max out your magic, you can instantly finish off one enemy.  Your magic charges by attacking & dodging enemies, but also drains when you get hit.  There are items & collectibles to be found throughout the game, some of which can be traded to a vendor to unlock more items.  There are also challenges in the game in each level that I think are meant to be done when you've gotten a few upgrades, as I've not been able to beat a single one yet, but I probly just suck.My main complaint with the game is the QTE's.  They happen too quickly & are super easy to fail & when you do it's instant death.  It's also hard to tell when the game wants you to push the dang button, cause 3 out of 4 times I fail, even though I swear I pressed it at the right moment.There's also some slight camera issues.  It's relatively easy to be attacked by an enemy off screen & sometimes the camera seems to disorient itself to auto-face certain angles, when I'd be much happier just positioning it myself & having it stay where I put it.OVERALLThis game is worth buying for the full price of $20.  The game itself is an instant classic & I couldn't be more thrilled to have it on PC.  Now if only we could get Bayonetta 2 on here, but that probably won't happen anytime soon.  At least we're getting Vanquish!"
,Recommended,460790,31149449,Posted: 14 April,all,residentevilnd,Very fun hack and slash that does not take it self very seriously. This was my first time playing through it and it was well worth the 20 bucks. Great soundtrack too. den/den.
,Recommended,460790,31202727,Posted: 17 April,all,Ipanda22,classic game still playable even after all this time.
76561198029538039,Recommended,460790,31292952,Posted: 22 April,all,ENBSERIES,"Game port is relatively good compared to most others, only have performance drops often down to 20-30 fps (I'm sure AMD CPU's have very big problems with performance, also early-z optimization do not work in this game because of mistakes made while porting), but it runs very well for such outdated videocard as mine (gf650ti) at 1080p resolution and everything maxed out in game video options. Disabling vsync greatly helps in performance bad areas. Mouse and keyboard controls are fine, no need to use gamepad. I haven't noticed any issues, everything runs fine and same as on console version of the game. I'm very glad to see it is finally on PC, big thanks for this and waiting for Bayonetta 2."
,Recommended,460790,32926443,Posted: 28 June,all,Blue Screamer,❤❤❤
,Recommended,460790,31128752,Posted: 13 April,all,xXxKlemminator6969xXx,"You will pretty much say ""what the ♥♥♥♥"" the entire game, admiring the scenery, while violating your controller as you desperatly button-mash for tremendously bizzare yet aesthetic looking combos and finishing moves. I think we might have nuked the Japs a bit too hard.Great performance, with a few crashes."
76561198260021189,Recommended,460790,31156801,Posted: 15 April,all,Dolh,Great game! Really hope Bayonetta 2 will be ported to PC as well
,Recommended,460790,31141219,Posted: 14 April,all,Murilo,I love her hair! <3
76561198026087863,Recommended,460790,31085806,Posted: 11 April,all,espibara,Smooth as butter with my 1080.Finally Bayonetta op PC bloody well buy it.
,Recommended,460790,32714853,Posted: 24 June,all,Jota,"Wanna feel like a badass while kicking angels'♥♥♥♥♥ Well, spectacle fighters don't get much better than this."
,Recommended,460790,31081297,Posted: 11 April,all,HelterSkelter937,this game is a steal for 20 bucks
,Recommended,460790,31228825,Posted: 18 April,all,kEVIN+,"No complaints here. Great graphics, superb smooth combat, and a nice side of sexy.Honestly you cant even tell this is a console port. Zero issues what so ever.If you love DMC, you need this game."
,Recommended,460790,31287693,Posted: 21 April,all,CalmestGoblin,A classic that looks great in 4k. I hope to see #2 come out sometime soon :)
,Recommended,460790,31243005,Posted: 19 April,all,TwiliSailor,"Bayonetta is a masterpiece in the hack and slash action genre, and to have it release on steam with a fantastic PC port allows this game to shine again. Gameplay is fluid and just feels so right. This has to be one of the best controlling hack and slash games to date. But it's not for the faint hearted. You will be punished for even the slightest mistake. Meaning even normal difficulty can be a bit of a challenge near the end.The soundtrack needs to be spoken of, because its stellar. The way it melds with gameplay to create tone and atmosphere pumps you up for every moment. The story is your usual over the top action from platinum games but Bayonetta's character really shines. She's sassy and extremely likeable for an anti-hero. It's refreshing to see instead of the moody sterotype these characters tend to end up as.There's also a wealth of replay-value. You will only see the very basics on your first playthough and on subsequent sessions you can unlock new characters, abilities and some pretty neat cosmetics. You're constantly rewarded for the time you put in, which a lot of modern games find diffcult to do. The only negative I can truly push onto this game is the small amounts of platforming might take away from the fast paced combat. But regardless; Bayonetta is outstanding. Simply a must have."
,Recommended,460790,31228552,Posted: 18 April,all,9/11 was T-sided,Angel Attack with a mouse is like a dream come trueI r8 8/8 m8
76561198063984283,Recommended,460790,31219312,Posted: 18 April,all,taylorguo23,great game
,Recommended,460790,31090439,Posted: 11 April,all,BeeSawd,"Great port, runs well, looks good, and is only 20$ for one of the best spectacle fighters out there. If you like MGR:R or DMC you'll love Bayonetta just as much if not more."
76561197995650617,Recommended,460790,31224237,Posted: 18 April,all,sverox,Bayonetta easy can beat Kratos and Dante simulataneously in one round. Period.Buy it. We wait VANQUISH.
,Recommended,460790,31227638,Posted: 18 April,all,Xeroma,"Still an amazing game all these years later. Its plot is barely coherent, the instakill QTEs are still really annoying, and some of those Alfheim secret missions are still sadistic, but the feeling of action and scale this game has is one of a kind and defined Platinum Games as a developer and continues to do so to this day. The PC version has super fast loading times compared to console and feels great to play. Definitely don't reccomend playing this game without a controller though, you have to hold down buttons often to do various actions and that can get messy on a keyboard fast."
,Recommended,460790,31128075,Posted: 13 April,all,Haz-Matt,Its Bayonetta....do I really need to say anymore on this subject? We all know this game is amazing and at 20$ its a no-brainer.
76561198032576184,Recommended,460790,33247334,Posted: 4 July,all,Samed Camus,"I love this game, the controls are really good, the animation are a really improvement from the console version."
,Recommended,460790,31111417,Posted: 13 April,all,Sevicler,"Pros:Awesome gameplay and epic graphicsWell executed PC port. no lag issues whatsoever.Well written characters (but you know that)Awesome levels of fanservice (without cringe, too!)Cons:Camera control is a little hard with the mouse.Some combos are impossible without gamepad.Cheat engine compatible (may be a pro to some)"
76561198053366040,Recommended,460790,31353091,Posted: 25 April,all,Milksqueezer,"Wow this game is amazing. It runs beautifully on my GTX 1050 with max setting. The combo is just awesome and so easy to learn. The music, how to say it, is interesting and I trully enjoy it. The plot is ok, but who cares. I'm a fan of DMC and definitely a fan of this game now"
,Recommended,460790,31104923,Posted: 12 April,all,Shi_Wei_Li,"Bayonetta (and Bayonetta 2) are simply the best games in their respective genre.  It takes the incredible enemy design and AI of the Devil May Cry series along with it's combo-centric player freedom and blends it with the enemy aggression and tenacity of the Ninja Gaiden series.  Operating the way most action games operate that combination would be impossible to manage as hyper aggressive enemies restrict player freedom to move and perform lengthy combos.  But Bayonetta twists the formula with a grace not found in any character action game before it.By removing the traditional animation locks found in the genre and giving you the incredible ability to dodge without loosing your combo (dodge offset, look up how to perform it immediately) it combines your offensive actions and defensive actions into every frame of the game loop.  You're always attacking and always defending simultaneously in a dance-like display when you master the game's rhythm.  No other game quite like it.  It's a thrill to master; if you have ever liked a game in this genre Bayonetta is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,460790,31104665,Posted: 12 April,all,Draquesha,If you like Devil May Cry or playing a witch with incredible powerful hair this one is for you.A very good port for the pc. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,460790,31427126,Posted: 28 April,all,Death_Sheep,If only I could dodge and witch time away from things that hurt me in real life.
76561197964772089,Recommended,460790,31089391,Posted: 11 April,all,Llyranor,The greatest action game of all time finally comes to Steam.
76561198021093114,Recommended,460790,31299790,Posted: 22 April,all,Alucard,Great game. Please make second on PC also.
76561197995577440,Recommended,460790,31329277,Posted: 23 April,all,Cat Daddy,"I enjoyed this game ALOTImagine if DMC wsnt ♥♥♥♥e and actually continued to be good after 1 and it wasnt the crap that 2 and 3 or 4 gave us. Bayonetta is BRILLIANT. Its one of the few original games out there thats fun, hard as hell to play, lots of action, insane story, beautifful graphics and great characters.The only thing which upset me about the game was once i completed it and used to cheat to open jeanne i didnt really have anything else to do after that. Jeanne herself is just a model replacement for bayonetta herself.......and thats it...no new moves or anything AND you have to start the story from the beginning again with none of your moves carried over or anything. So kinda a middle finger to anyone who did Platinum on everything to unlock herAside from my 1 grip i recommend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,460790,31173720,Posted: 16 April,all,☭Chainsaw Sparkle☭,STOP READING THIS AND BUY THIS GAME. NOW!
76561198080462894,Recommended,460790,31205541,Posted: 17 April,all,사랑해,BEST GAME EVER
76561198274783751,Recommended,460790,32709121,Posted: 23 June,all,Rookie,"I am so happy that I decided to buy this game. It runs beautifully on my 970 maxed out at 1440p 60fps. Keep in mind I didn’t know anything about Bayonetta before buying it. The main character (Bayonetta) is cool, sexy, funny, and just a treat to look at. I keep walking instead of running just to watch her hips move :$One of my favorite things about this game is how well the vibration function was implemented. It complements the gameplay superbly. I use a controller instead of keyboard and mouse to play a lot of games, and often times I'm left disappointed with the vibration support. That’s not the case with Bayonetta, with this game the vibration support is perfect.I have only played 2.8 hours so far but I keep wanting to come back for more. I want to know where the story goes and listen to some more of that weird music while fighting angels.This game is the perfect example of why I like video games."
,Recommended,460790,34461933,Posted: 24 August,all,Ken Masters,"You guessed it, I already had the Xbox 360 version.  I only have ONE issue with the full game in question.  Say it with me.QTEs!!!!I don't know why Platinum keeps adding Quick Time Events like this.  They only marr solid games like this.  Other than the chance to practice combos being taken away due to how fast everything loads, outside of weapon practice that is, this game is amazing.  The characters are hilarious.  The action rivals Devil May Cry 3 and 4.  The music is awesome and no just because two themes play more often than others does not mean it's a bad soundtrack.  Solid action game, buy it.....BUY IT!"
,Recommended,460790,31268126,Posted: 20 April,all,The Dandy,"Have you ever wanted to play a version of devil may cry that was, for lack of a better term, PERFECT?!?!?! have you ever thought to yourself ""gosh I love dmc3 to bits but golly gee willikers is it a bit simple, most of the depth can just be found in bugs or how certain attacks hit stuff, darn, I wish this game had a thousand combos and rated your score wave by wave.""have you ever thought to yourself ""what if dante fought angels?"" or ""what if dante was a girl?""WELL THINK NO LONGER MY VERY TIRED, VERY WEARY FRIENDS, BECAUSE BOY HAVE I GOT THE GAME FOR YOU!!! bayonetta is, in the best sense of the word, devil may cry's ultimate form, but with everything in reverse. the main character is a woman, an incredibly hot, incredibly badass woman whose so aware of, and confident about, her status as a sex object that saying she's being objectified doesn't work given how she flaunts herself like she's god's gift to men (and women) on earth. bayonetta is hilariously badass, OP as ♥♥♥♥ and makes dante look like a toned down, straightforward gentleman by comparison. AND THE COMBOS!! good god they took everything they ever learned from dmc3 and cranked that♥♥♥♥♥♥up to OVER NINE THOUSAAAAAND!! and then fed it a mountain of crack. bayonetta's combo system is ridiculous, she has so many pause comboes, so many directional moves, it's unreal!!!the story is, ironically, hit or miss. you eventually get it, and think ""Huh neat"" after the second playthrough, but it's dat sweet combat that'll really keep you hooked. playing beyonetta can go either one of two ways, really smoothly, or REALLY BADLY and there's never a gray area here. you either come out of top or get rekt because you failed to understand the battle pacing. but the game is gorgeous, gone is the resident evil aesthetic, in its place there's so much color and OOMF packed into every level you'll constantly question your visual range as bayonetta piles on the colors, blood especially is detailed and over the top.Bayonetta kills angels, she's literally the opposite of dante in this regard, she works for hell, she works for money, halos, and she's out to find out more about her past. along the way she'll encounter luka (or as we like to call him, worst girl) and she'll meet up with jeanne (or as we like to call her, not vante, or not vergil depending on the reference you get first, there's even a callback to dmc3's opening cinematic at one point.)  enzo, who is literally just a walking stereotype, rodin, the face of your new god, and balder.♥♥♥♥ that guy.anyway, long story short, you should ♥♥♥♥ing get this game and i will chop off your hands if you even THINK of not getting this game. you are doing yourself, and gaming at large, A MASSIVE DISSERVICE IN NOT GETTING IT!! this right here? this was platinum's breakout hit, it's a platinum game through and through, hell it's THE platinum game. the anti-devil may cry if you will. and believe me, it's ♥♥♥♥ing glorious. it's like devil may cry if devil may cry were made by GOD.so get it already!! the hell are you still reading this review for? go!! GO GODDAMMIT I AIN'T GOT ALL DAY!! PURCHASE THIS MASTERPIECE!!! DO IT!!! DO IT NOW!!!literally 10/10."
,Recommended,460790,31193402,Posted: 16 April,all,Rui,"Finally I don't have to spend $100 on a console I'll barely use, play the game at a silky smooth 30fps with drops and long loading times, or buy a dead platform for this and it's inferior sequel.The QTEs are still instadeath garbage, but everything else is solid.Third best Platinum Title. Bring over Max Anarchy and Vanquish already Sega."
,Recommended,460790,31090371,Posted: 11 April,all,JoJofun,"right before I learned about the countdown, I had a discussion where a friend wanted me to play bayonetta, but sadly I couldn't because I didn't have a consolethanks to very fortonate timing, I got itbut seriously this game is fun, and challenging from what I've played so far"
,Recommended,460790,31109347,Posted: 12 April,all,Sleepy Sheepy,holy ♥♥♥♥ its bayonettaon pc60 frames???4k!??!!?PERFECT COMBAT?!?!?!god damn works good looks good feels good and still has all the same lewd poses we all love10/10 best god damn game  2010 best god damn game now
,Recommended,460790,31305446,Posted: 22 April,all,Mendhak,I died a lot
,Recommended,460790,35069251,Posted: 19 September,all,Stray Cat,"nice game with awesome graphic. fun to play, lf> bayonetta 2 on steam soon"
,Recommended,460790,31162891,Posted: 15 April,all,Glitchman,Nothing feels more Japanese than playing as a witch that uses her hair to kill angels in a graveyard while listening to a Japanese take on an American song. This is what happens when you let Japanese people read the bible
,Recommended,460790,31164056,Posted: 15 April,all,Adiuvat,"Sassy, sexy, funny british witch protagonist10/10"
,Recommended,460790,31131862,Posted: 14 April,all,EazyCheeze1978,"I'm copying and pasting this review from one I wrote seven years ago, for my college-at-the-time's paper, the Corsair! Be aware that there may be spoilers, though they're all my observations from, as I say, a quarter-way through the game. A small update in that for PC, the game has been upgraded and locked at 60 frames per second, supporting 4K resolutions and, for a limited time, coming with digital deluxe content for free including digital artbook, soundtrack sample and avatars.-----Bayonettaby SEGA and Platinum GamesPlayers: 1Genre: Third-person actionRating: Mature for blood and gore, intense violence, partial nudity, strong language, suggestive themesRelease 1/05/10-----One genre of video games that I didn't really think I'd be into is the twitch action genre; in this genre, the player must make split-second decisions to ensure his survival. My coordination doesn't usually allow me to enjoy those games, but in rare cases a game breaks through the mold and keeps me interested. Hideki Kamiya, maker of two of my favorite game series, Devil May Cry and Resident Evil, has again brought hope to my reflexes with Bayonetta.The protagonist in this game is the eponymous Bayonetta, a 500-plus year old witch (not looking a day over 25) risen after a civil war between her clan, the Umbra Witches and their rivals, the Lumen Sages, sent her into a long slumber in a coffin at the bottom of a lake. This witch, like others of her kind, has made contracts with unholy forces; the rules of her world state that because of this, she is condemned to Inferno. This also means that once she rises, she is the target of myriad attacks from the angels of Paradiso, who keep trying to send her where they feel she belongs. Fortunately, her compatriots are never far behind her; in fact, they're in her hair.Bayonetta's 'costume,' ostensibly shiny black leather, is actually cleverly manipulated hair, which she also uses to summon forth her infernal allies, in a technique known as the Wicked Weave. She uses this technique to send those angels foolhardy enough to confront her, which are not necessarily beautiful in form, packing back to Paradiso. She wants the companion piece to her large medallion which she always wears; together forming the Eyes of the World, a quarter of the way through the story, they seem to be a MacGuffin, a plot device the functioning of which is not important but serves as the impetus for the journey.Bayonetta often finds herself in the city of Vigrid; There, she's been told, are clues to restore her faded memory. Vigrid is crowded with people; however, they don't see her, and we only see their shadows, because Bayonetta is almost always in Purgatorio, the parallel dimension in which she fights the angels who try to kill her, and she cannot interfere in their affairs.Aiding Bayonetta on her journey is her bumbling underworld contact, comic relief Enzo, as well as Samuel L. Jackson wannabe, bald, trash-talking arms dealer, Rodin. Against her, amongst the many angels, are the four representations of the Cardinal Virtues; they take the form of epic boss battles at the end of every quarter of the game, and her main rival Jeanne, the possessor of the other Eye of the World, shows up to harass her at several points.The game has a very music-and-candy-oriented slant; Bayonetta bounces and whirls hypnotically through her attacks, and cutscenes showing off her dancing abilities are common. CDs (or pieces of them) acquired from mini-bosses may be redeemed at Rodin's for new weapons, and many of the items Bayonetta uses for recovery or augmentation take the form of lollipops or other confections.The entire game does not really take itself seriously, from its storyline to its flippant yet alluring protagonist and solid supporting cast. The combat is satisfying, the story ridiculously cheesy, and the visuals great. The only minor gripe I may have about the game is that the camera often focuses on the latest and greatest spectacle, of which there are many, rather on what I need it to focus on, namely the ground around Bayonetta and where I need to go next. This doesn't stop me from giving the game five out of five stars."
,Recommended,460790,31176440,Posted: 16 April,all,Potat,"Oh oh, what a day!"
,Recommended,460790,31099364,Posted: 12 April,all,Mishma,Waited an eternity for this. Runs like a dream in 4K.
,Recommended,460790,31323011,Posted: 23 April,all,marshmallowmachete,"I'm absolutely loving this game. I never had this on xbox and I'm surprised how much I'm enjoying it.  The combat is excellent, the story is interesting while not being overbearing.  The cutscenes aren't a bore to watch.  The levels are beautiful.  You feel like you're a star in your own movie the whole time. This is no walk in the park, it's a very challenging game in normal mode which surprised me in a good way. It's hilarous, it's infuriating it's everything I've been looking for in a game for a long time. As a female I don't find this offensive in the slightest.  The gameplay is too good and the moves are too cool.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWGCNdYwF5c&t="
76561198201803187,Recommended,460790,31166834,Posted: 15 April,all,Do4n,We need Bayonetta 222222
76561198123349491,Recommended,460790,31187179,Posted: 16 April,all,high res monkey,Best game ever!
76561198075215516,Recommended,460790,31086248,Posted: 11 April,all,Visette,"Was waiting for this game since it's console release.I am happy to report that port seems stable, gameplay is smooth and my FPS didn't tank even a little.I wouldn't recommend playing this game with keyboard'n'mouse combo, game was made to be played with controler.If you are fan of fast paced spectacle fighters like DMC buy this game now, you wont regret it."
76561198078087730,Recommended,460790,31094563,Posted: 12 April,all,C@$†ёャ,"Best Hack'n'Slash  game i ever see. 12/10BUY IT NOW!/Лучший Слэшер в который я когда либо играл. 12/10, Ведьмак от мира слэшеров.КУПИ ЭТУ ИГРУ ПРЯМО СЕЙЧАС!"
,Recommended,460790,33726003,Posted: 22 July,all,Z I D A N E,"One of the best action RPG released on PS3, now on PC!"
,Recommended,460790,33409909,Posted: 9 July,all,Fish-E,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPHr9ghVyNU
,Recommended,460790,31093728,Posted: 12 April,all,Schiller,"Great game, great port. 60FPS/1080 on a 970. No Ultrawide support and MSAA doesn't seem to work.  Scales perfectly up to 5K. Uncommon resolutions seem to have some weird mirroring effect in some cutscenes. Otherwise the port is perfect.Vanquish next, please."
76561198056236289,Recommended,460790,31309751,Posted: 22 April,all,Brayd of Guy,"Anyone reviewing this negatively is kinda stupid. Even if you don't like it or even if you find it offensive, this game is a masterpiece undeniably."
76561198067169816,Recommended,460790,31274677,Posted: 21 April,all,Half Aluminum Chemist,Mankind's greatest sin was not buying Bayonetta when it came out on consoles.Repent by buying it now on PC.Praise our lord and savior Platinum Games.Amen.
76561198149228675,Recommended,460790,34752491,Posted: 5 September,all,Moon'sDeity,"Here's my extensive 40 minutes in-depth review of the game.https://youtu.be/OihxqwFQc5YI highly recommend Bayonetta. It is the one of, if not, best 3D action spectacle fighters out there. The PC version is the definiteve version at the moment, that is 1 less worry from your purchase decision. For new players and newcomers to the genre, do not be intimidated by the combo list at the beginning of the game. You do not have to learn every one of them to beat the game. Mediocre performance is sufficient enough to clear the game, and if you want to get better, the depth of the combat system got you covered. Imagine peeling off an onion and discover layers upon layers, there's no short of depth for advanced players too. New players can take it easy, advance players can seek for challenges, at your own pace.The game is combat after combat, if you are looking for a complex story, I'm afraid Bayonetta does not offer that. But fret not, the spectacle of the game will have your jaws drop time to time."
,Recommended,460790,35244161,Posted: 27 September,all,TheSavageMan,"Awesome game, well worth the $19.99 asking price.Over the top action and the music is really good as well.Not a fan of hack n slash but this game really made the gameplay fun and I wanted to try and learn new combos.Plus there is sexy witches"
76561198005655387,Recommended,460790,35148412,Posted: 23 September,all,Fleeting Relevance,"One of my favorite games ever. Nice crunchy controls, love Bayonetta herself, I hope the second game makes its way to PC someday..."
,Recommended,460790,31189389,Posted: 16 April,all,PandaSpartanX,Just perfect 11/10
,Recommended,460790,31082022,Posted: 11 April,all,skrublordFey,"Fantastic port of a great character action game about a woman that kills mythological creatures by using guns not only in her hands, but her feet, while also using her hair which also makes the clothes she wears.What's not to like? Better question: Why don't you have this?"
76561198058043953,Recommended,460790,31700755,Posted: 12 May,all,kandnm115709,"The overall story and blatant crotch shots are just as stupid back when I first played it but at least now that I'm older, the nostalgia factor add a bit more enjoyment for me.This PC port is adequate enough for me to recommend new generation of players to try the game out. Ignore the fan service and lame story, then you'll get one hell of a game.Edit: After spending a few more hours playing, I started to remember the problems this game had years ago.1. As the game progresses, Witch Time can no longer be triggered on certain enemies.2. Static cutscene. Some may say this is an artistic choice, I say it's a lazy attempt at a cutscene.3. Instant death QTE. I'm fine with QTE but this game's QTE are horrible. They came out of nowhere, have a small window of opportunity and the button prompts are different each time.4. On rails segments. The part where you're riding a missile is my least favourite part of the game. It doesn't belong in this game and it went on way too long.5. Bland characters. Everyone is uninteresting, even the MC.6. Crotch/*ss shots. Back then, I was a horny teenager so I didn't mind it as much. Now? No, please. Every time it happens, I cringe with discomfort.7. Most technique are overshadowed by other simpler and convenient combos. The only ones that are important are Stiletto and Air Dodge. Bat Within can be useful, if it can be triggered.8. Worse of all, the story is garbage. I was too fixated with Bayonetta's crotch and *ss back then to notice the story but now I know without a doubt that the story is worthless.I'm letting the thumbs up stay simply because I did enjoy playing it all those years ago but if I am to give it a score, I'd say it's a 3/5. It's not actually as good as people say it is."
,Recommended,460790,31087660,Posted: 11 April,all,Alan,Umbran Climax/10
,Recommended,460790,31821075,Posted: 18 May,all,Sunshine,Get your finger ready on the F12 button and your hard drive filled with a hundred or so screenshots.
,Recommended,460790,31876520,Posted: 20 May,all,Advenger95,"Rockstar: ""You RDR fans do realise that it does take a lot of time, money and effort to make a port right?""(Procrastinates doing so as it makes GTA5 into a PC game, without any word of whether RDR2 will be ported to PC)Platinum Games: ""hold my beer!""(Not only updates the original Bayoneta, but does so in a way that makes it look, run and play like a dream, and then decides to port its other games that aren't already on PC.... Keep in mind they did all this a month after launching Nier: Automata!! Busy busy year!!!)Dear games industry.Don't be Rockstar.Be Platinum!Thank you!"
,Not Recommended,460790,31259092,Posted: 20 April,all,Soularyem,"Bayonetta is one of my favorite games.  I loved it when it came out in 2009 and loved it when it came out for Wii U a few years back.  That said, I've had nothing but problems with the PC version of this game.  I could not play it at all.  I have an i7-6700k, 16 Gigs of ram and a GTX 1070.  Yet, even on the lowest possible graphics settings, all programs off, and all drivers (and Windows 10) updated, I experienced nothing but lag and game freezes.  I barely made it past the very opening sequence on the falling clock before the epilogue.  I went through every available idea to fix it, but nothing at all worked.  I had no choice but to request a refund.  I hope these issues get fixed, as I would love to have it on my PC.  But, until then, there is no way I can recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,460790,31318182,Posted: 23 April,all,Agent Ash,"""Not recommended"" sounds too harsh for a decent game that I had some fun with. But a review is personal opinion, and for me Bayonetta has just too many problems to truly enjoy it.Combat is the best part of the game. I started slashers with Devil May Cry 3, and that game ruined most slashers for me because after it they mostly seem trivial, their combat braindead and the abilities unimaginative. Bayonetta actually offers very good combat, and even some new clever ideas like weapon slots on both hands and legs, each opening a new set of combos. You can also unlock new techniques and movements apart from regular kicks and punches, you can combine melee attacks with shots (and in case of some weapons even more interesting technique which all can be literally woven into combos), and all in all you get a pretty deep and complex combat system. My only problem with the combat is that, while there are many moves with various effects, when it comes to basic combos which should just deal damage and nothing else, there are too many of them. The problem isn't that it's hard to learn them, the problem is that there's no reason to: when you already have a good attack window and just need to dish out some damage, it really doesn't matter much whether you go YYYYY, YYBBB, YY*BBY or something else similar — you'll still just get a basic damaging combo. But then again, you can just forget about it and enjoy all other opportunities you have.The rest is where the problems begin for me.* Bosses. While fights are pretty cool, bosses aren't anything interesting. They're mostly just big enemies. Yes, they're different from regular enemies, but not different enough. And you rarely have to do anything different to fight them, mostly you fight them the same way you fight regular monsters. In fact, after a few hours of the game I'm not even sure how many bosses I fought because I don't know which ones were bosses and which ones were just rare big enemies, that's how bad it is. Not memorable, not impressive, just okay.* Items and healing. Like in DMC you can use items and like in DMC they'll reduce your rating. But while in DMC they were optional helpers and I beat the game on all difficulties without using a single one, Bayonetta basically offers no other ways to heal apart from those items (which you also need to buy or craft). And I mean, no other ways outside of combat, because healing items are a very rare drop. It's great when a game is hard, and I'm all for being unable to heal during a fight, but not letting us heal at all between fights or, say, before a boss fight? That's just bad design.* Instant deaths. Deaths reduce rating, and that's great. However, there are plenty episodes in the game when things go sour and there's some sort of a QTE event or something similar, and if you mess up, you die immediately. In addition to that, those QTEs are very badly directed, and it's often hard to understand there's going to be one instead of a regular cutscene. A slasher game is about learning how to fight well, it shouldn't have instant death opportunities which are OUTSIDE of the main gameplay. Resident Evil 4 had better-directed QTE events (you could immediately tell something was going on) and deaths in those felt right, but in Bayonetta they just don't really work.* Cutscenes. I love cutscenes. Hell, DMC3 had tons of cutscenes. And I'm the one to always watch cutscenes, that's why this part annoys me. I like the game's design and everything, but you just don't care about this story and these one-dimensional characters. What's worse, most of the cutscenes aren't cool fights or even cool dialogue. Most of them are BORING dialogue about nothing and they AREN'T EVEN ANIMATED. That's right, they're static. Also, there are just too many of these, and IMO they really break the gameplay.* Menus. It's not a huge problem, but still. I like the craft menu, but...- To find the combo list you need to go through various other books you don't need- Pressing B doesn't close the in-game menu but instead highlights the Exit button which you need to activate by pressing A — seriously?- Practice mode which shows up during load times (which honestly makes no sense on PC considering how short they are) isn't easily accessible (you need to activate it during one of the load times, you can't access it through a menu)- Picking up every mildly special item gives a full-screen notification which pauses the game. You know, I get it for new items, but hell, I already know what those butterflies or red tears do, why stop and tell me again? It sounds minor but it really starts to get to you after a while.All in all, a pretty good game especially for its time, but it has way too many annoying gamedesign decisions for me to enjoy it."
,Recommended,460790,31087061,Posted: 11 April,all,Conkerkid11,The loading screens go by too quickly.
,Not Recommended,460790,31350159,Posted: 24 April,all,Bunny Munro,I am having the low FPS/stuttering problem that others are reporting. Apparently there are some unofficial files out there that fix it for some people but I really think this game needs an official patch.
,Recommended,460790,31095643,Posted: 12 April,all,Tallcat,"A stand-out action game oozing with style. Combat not as deep as DMC4, but it flows a lot better. It's optimized very well in a way Sega is now known for."
,Recommended,460790,31083560,Posted: 11 April,all,·•£RöTÎCµš•·,Almost perfect.Has 3440x1400 - but still with black bars....
,Recommended,460790,31226122,Posted: 18 April,all,TheTrollsCreed,you get to see bayonetta pole dance after you finish the game.
,Recommended,460790,31158764,Posted: 15 April,all,S.A.N.G.- King of Nothing,"Played the game, and now I want Bayonetta to step on me.PUNISH ME BAYONETTA I'VE BEEN NAUGHTY FOR NOT PLAYING THIS ON CONSOLES"
76561197991335964,Recommended,460790,31082521,Posted: 11 April,all,FELDVersuch,"One of the best Games i've played on XBOX, and now The PC-Port is here.The story is average but Gmeplay is King.Fights are sometimes a bit demanding but fun.Lots of stuf to discover/unlock. spent 200+ hours in this game on XBOX  in this game and still its not boring to play it again on PC."
76561198321655019,Recommended,460790,33220859,Posted: 4 July,all,AjYQ,this game konsh bonsh ttetete fon fon
76561198232653764,Recommended,460790,31211217,Posted: 17 April,all,A2,Bayonetta 2 pls
76561198060996435,Recommended,460790,31185305,Posted: 16 April,all,Kiss,ไม่เคยเล่น บาโยเน็ตต้ามาก่อน แต่เคยดูตามยูทูป พอมาลง PC ก็ลองซื้อมาเล่นประทับใจครับ พอร์ตมาลงได้สมบูรณ์แบบ สามารถใช้ได้ทั้งเมาส์ทั้งจอยอย่างลงตัวภาพสวย จัดว่ายังไม่ตกยุค มีรายละเอียด ดีเทลสวยงาม อาจจะสวยกว่าเกมยุคนี้บางเกมด้วยซ้ำเกมเพลย์ลื่นไหล ต่อคอมโบสนุก มีควิกไทม์อีเว้นให้กดเพิ่มความตื่นเต้น ศัตรูหลากหลายและดีไซน์ได้สวยงามเนื้อเรื่องสนุก มีมุขตลกกวนๆแทรกเป็นระยะ คาแรคเตอร์ของตัวละครน่าสนใจใครที่อยากเล่นอะไรมันส์ๆ ไม่ต้องคิดมาก ไม่อยากเสียเวลาทำความเข้าใจกับระบบของเกม อยากแค่เดินหน้าไปตามทางที่เกมพาไป รัวปุ่มและจับจังหวะเพื่อสู้กับศัตรูอย่างเดียว แนะนำเลยครับ วิ่งๆ สู้ๆ ดูคัทซีน เสพเนื้อเรื่อง เดินๆ วิ่งๆ สู้ๆ วนไปครับ...  มันส์คุ้มราคาแล้ว....
,Recommended,460790,32660302,Posted: 22 June,all,InVader,"Imagine this is Devil May Cry, but a fashion show with a porn actress, who is fighting angels while looking good, and is always ""paying attention to the camera for some good shots"". Now here I am, fighting both the enemies and my erection, while I'm playing the game with my feet, when suddenly a special move prompts me to beat the buttons into submission. The years of cultivating your fapping muscles will finally pay off as you furiously smash 'E' and roll your wang across the keyboard for the ultimate reward: getting that hot pose for the camera.Welcome to Bayonetta.Japan, you did it again.The game is nicely playable with kb/m, you might want to tinker with camera and mouse sensitivity in the otions though. Btw. English dub is surprisingly awesome.Now give us Bayonetta 2 please. Looky,looky, we pay good money for the 1st game."
76561197984007528,Recommended,460790,31104872,Posted: 12 April,all,Guts,Its Bayonetta go play this game.
76561198314042484,Recommended,460790,31090445,Posted: 11 April,all,RennDWhite,"Thank you, just thank you"
76561198176061846,Recommended,460790,31102685,Posted: 12 April,all,98Peanuts,Im ready to dance
,Recommended,460790,33196966,Posted: 3 July,all,andoruu,"This is a good hack and slash game with a pretty good story. If you enjoy that kind of thing and also a strong female character, this game is your type of game."
76561197978866559,Recommended,460790,31202019,Posted: 17 April,all,[GVP]raptor_12,Bayonetta is simply the best spectical fighter ever made. Only  dmc3 and bayonetta 2 come close.  If you are into spectical fighters you own it to yourself to nu this game.  The combat is deep and you will not beleive that you are  actually in controle of the things going down on screen.  What other games let's you strap a pair of bazoekas to your legs. That you then use to shoot angels in the face whit.......Exactly bayonetta 2 but apart from that  nothing comes close
76561198086435719,Recommended,460790,31186295,Posted: 16 April,all,The Hindu Atheist,Never clicked on F12 so hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)10/10 will do it again !!!!!
76561198110825836,Recommended,460790,31094916,Posted: 12 April,all,Luis1669,I loved playing this game back on consloe and I'll love even more since its now on pc.
76561198110706126,Recommended,460790,32912415,Posted: 27 June,all,Spike Spiegel,BEST GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11/10
76561198006582789,Recommended,460790,33029072,Posted: 30 June,all,Muertington,"Not as good as Ninja Gaiden 2 (which for me stands an an all time bestest ever in this genre), but still awesome for a game made by japs.Only cons are the insufferable amount of cutscenes that make the gameplay feel sometimes like a coitus interruptus (they can be skipped worry not).Dont buy this for the story and dont pretend the story to be good or interesting, these games are played for its gameplay quality not for its conversation options or ""good writing"" (Bayonetta has neither of those, thank goodness).Used to play this a lot when I had a 360, and as you can see I have not invested many hours in this pc version but it is better than the console one in every possible regard and worth the 19.99 I paid on the release day.Just make sure you have a pc game controller before buying this game."
,Recommended,460790,31151887,Posted: 15 April,all,Emblis,A surprisingly good port for an amazing game.
76561198010407906,Recommended,460790,31087870,Posted: 11 April,all,sathitsak,Is that legendary platinum game remaster in 4K?
,Recommended,460790,31829014,Posted: 18 May,all,Adam XYZ,"Bless you SEGA, bless you for porting this to Steam, I hope more companies will start to try and port more games over to Steam through your example.- Story isn't well written though. =(Everything else though is awesome."
,Recommended,460790,31273043,Posted: 21 April,all,stalkman farmskins.com,"Remember playing this game way back in the day on xbox 360 when it released.Feeling nostalgic i had to get it on the PC.Female version of Dante and even more stylish.A must buy game if you like games like devil may cry.Even though there is not much of an intense story telling like Devil may cry,the combat mechanism and the combos make up for it.This game is hot."
,Recommended,460790,31891484,Posted: 21 May,all,sirbill007,"At this point the wii u version runs and looks better than this version, it runs pretty crappy on my machine AMD 8350 8 gb sapphire 370 and 32 gb ram on windows 10 Video looks ruff to for have it on ultra also,maybe you will fix it up, i guess we will have to wait and see. The game itself is good just not on my machine."
76561198364606363,Recommended,460790,31084820,Posted: 11 April,all,grickwood86,"Finally this wonderful Platinum title hits PC. Having completed it three times on 360 (enduring significant frame drops and godawful screen tearing in the process), Bayonetta is in essence a fantasy themed, linear beat-em-up with extremely light RPG elements (learning new skills) built on a foundation of DMC-style spectacle fighting mechanics replete with a healthy dose of unadulterated smut and off-kilter Japanese humour. I have to be honest, I've always ignored the ""story"", the mechanics are the most important aspect to me and this is simply a joyful experience. From what I've played so far this is a decent port without overhauling the core product to any notable degree, a few minor technical issues quibbles here and there (nothing to write home about). All in all I look forward to completing this modern masterpiece for a fourth time whilst hopefully awaiting the arrival of Vanquish & Bayonetta 2 (fingers crossed)."
,Recommended,460790,32970105,Posted: 28 June,all,Nbrok☮.w,This game is awesome that keeps me boner all the time when i am playing it.
,Recommended,460790,33246568,Posted: 4 July,all,suqx3s,"Non-stop ""Are you ♥♥♥♥in kiddin me?! action from the first until the very last second.An absolute masterpiece.This is PlatinumGames ultimate legacy!"
76561197961678588,Recommended,460790,33269583,Posted: 5 July,all,DumnPlayers,leaderboard broken Steam can you fix it?overall fine game
76561198285459579,Recommended,460790,33250338,Posted: 4 July,all,Quivert,9.1/10 thanks A random but Obsessed Bayo Fan for making me buy it ;^)
76561198086020844,Recommended,460790,33296457,Posted: 5 July,all,Sabishī,10/10 gameplay10/10 camera angles ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198226411476,Recommended,460790,31137345,Posted: 14 April,all,FeGodoy,Beautiful!
,Recommended,460790,31135626,Posted: 14 April,all,DREAMAZING,"ok so the story was um old and blah which I know its a 6 year old game brought back to life but the game looked re-skined vs actually graphically updated, like if they added actual cut scenes vs some of the subtitled slide shows or updated the character animations slightly more. The fighting was still fun and vibrant but the re-skin with the wonky forgetful story plot was just slightly off which made the game  seem boring at moments which made me feel that its $20 price tag was actally slightly to high hince my refund request --- Its an amazing game if your in for a flash from the past type deal or was one of those ppl that missed out on playing it when it released for console since you were on pc, but honestly I think I would wait for a sale till it drops around $10 which I feel would be a lot more giving on your pocket book for an old re-skined title. ---Overall rating for never played users 8/10 For Flash From the Past Users 6/10With that being said I would still recommend the game to anyone that has never played it or missed the chance from the console title. Its a very strong title if your into the awesome way Platinum Games does there fighting mechanics its just slightly old, more of a time waster vs a play through title in my opionion."
76561198133857080,Recommended,460790,31088983,Posted: 11 April,all,rt17021,"Even though i found out about this game today, I absolutely love it!"
76561198163148477,Recommended,460790,31209576,Posted: 17 April,all,MassSpecFella,I love this game but its so ♥♥♥♥ing hard. Its a must play classic though. Great fun.
76561198025116769,Recommended,460790,31089108,Posted: 11 April,all,Ulquiokani,A fantastic port of a fantastic game. I'll update this review once I have completed it again.
76561198017460531,Recommended,460790,31293738,Posted: 22 April,all,"Shalom, Buenos Dias","Witches with gun(heel-guns)? killing angels? sign me up, if the trailer doesnt make you wannaa buy this game. I will. 11/10."
,Recommended,460790,31260138,Posted: 20 April,all,SKLDUDE,"Definitely worth the 20 dollars, great game, minor framerate issues"
76561198037747599,Recommended,460790,31264677,Posted: 20 April,all,snow,"This is an actual good, working port10/10"
,Recommended,460790,31261332,Posted: 20 April,all,pokket,"Fun game, about halfway through. Decent port. Been having some stutter which I didn't have in the beginning, dunno why. And anti-aliasing doesn't seem to do anything maybe? At least I couldn't tell a difference. Other than that not bad. Can't comment on moust & keyboard controls as I am using a controller.my specs:Win10 64-bitintel i5 45708gb ramamd rx 480 8gb"
,Recommended,460790,31261496,Posted: 20 April,all,G.I. Go Home,"Great game. Terrible performance for some users for no reason at all. Cracking the game makes it playable for some reason. So I basically paid money for a game that I had to crack in order to play. It doesn't matter though, more Platinum games on PC pls."
,Recommended,460790,31272199,Posted: 21 April,all,Ztixer,good
,Recommended,460790,31299621,Posted: 22 April,all,Pururingles,"Tell me a more fun time than playing as a waifu who is also essentially a female JoJo character. Go ahead, I dare you."
,Recommended,460790,31215383,Posted: 18 April,all,Djoodi,"The day I learned Bayonetta came to steam was one of the most magical moment of my life. This event made me realize that there is still a God looking after me and does answer prayers.Pros:+Great Gameplay+Great replayability+Normal mode is balanced.+Even with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer it runs quite nice. (I run this game on the minimum required specs.)+T&ACons:-i can't think of any cons... Maybe no regen. Accessory... Or i haven't unlock it yet. Maybe.-It took too long for this to go on Steam-Legend of Korra got nothing on this game.I recommend this game 1000% and it's worth the money.Buy it now and receive the Creator's grace.May the Creator, Jubileus, grace you."
69696969996669696,Recommended,460790,31177405,Posted: 16 April,all,Hitler for gay marriage,What I woudn't do for a pair legs like that
76561198305488604,Recommended,460790,31390829,Posted: 27 April,all,Sarenio,Obessed in the *** of Bayonetta
76561198168666595,Recommended,460790,31549405,Posted: 4 May,all,sn8ke,This game runs so smooth it's ridiculous! At such high settings too!
76561198058982855,Recommended,460790,31221227,Posted: 18 April,all,☣猫大便☣twitch.tv/kattbajs123,"Good game. They also fixed a huge problem with the game that's why i eddited this, and removed my old wall of text! :D"
,Recommended,460790,31906693,Posted: 22 May,all,CeeMcneil,Does anyone know why the game's meshes and stages are glitches and messed up and even the enemies are invisible and cant be touched?ive reinstalled the damn game and nothing worked.i even tested the compatibilities for it and nothing.
76561198065807058,Recommended,460790,31927431,Posted: 23 May,all,BuddyLuv324,Dont f*** with this witch!
,Recommended,460790,31181537,Posted: 16 April,all,911insidejob,I have played batman beat em ups and this one is good.  Fun with great characters. I am going to beat this one before I buy the second one on me Wii U.
76561198043817706,Recommended,460790,31152751,Posted: 15 April,all,Bc,"Fun gameplay, fun over the top scenes and characters."
,Recommended,460790,32205446,Posted: 5 June,all,QuinterX,My wet dream come to PC?? HELL YEA!
,Recommended,460790,32221936,Posted: 6 June,all,Buster Brown Griff-Man,Bayonetta is the sole reason i built a PC. 10/10 wanted to see those legs in HD again.
76561198090666334,Recommended,460790,32093854,Posted: 31 May,all,s0laris,"Fantastic game, 8/10.Difficulty doesnt feel right, the ""sweetspot"" for enemy HP seems to be on EASY difficulty. VERY EASY is no challenge, NORMAL and up becomes button mashing."
76561198034073325,Recommended,460790,31211870,Posted: 17 April,all,haresnoot,One of the most creative universes in games. Also super fun.
76561198116927164,Recommended,460790,31102497,Posted: 12 April,all,Matt,"Fantastic port, fun game.10/10"
76561198272717759,Recommended,460790,31102375,Posted: 12 April,all,Poljanan,"I really regret not getting this game last decade.BUT DAMN IS IT STYLISH.I won't be joking if this isn't the best action game of the year even if it's a decade old port.I'm sorry Nier Automata, but your overbearing melodrama just didn't tick with me. This game on the other hand knows how to have fun like good ol' Dante."
,Recommended,460790,31102726,Posted: 12 April,all,Kibby,Legendary game. Great port!
76561197997071978,Recommended,460790,33221113,Posted: 4 July,all,Overdriver039,A great game! Hope to see the 2nd chapter on PC as well !
,Recommended,460790,31089606,Posted: 11 April,all,Kirbonkadonk,"As fun and over-the-top-silly as it was when it was first released. Performance is pretty much flawless on my end, on a GTX 970 3.5gb, i5-2500k, and 8gb RAM."
,Recommended,460790,32640037,Posted: 22 June,all,HonorGuardian,"Bayonetta REVIEWI was glad that it had been added to PC version! Hadn't play it in old console, so played it in Steam. Look so stunning on PC with my 1440p144 monitor, though the game caps at 60FPS. Still better than 30FPS.I found this game after completed Nier: Automata [PC], Liked it since it got high-speed battles at no limited zone unlike Final Fantasy. Managed to complete the storyline with Bayonetta as first playthrough with less than 12 hours playing. Hadn't complete or collect everything since I simply wanted to enjoy its story and characters. Will be back to collect everything after my multiple games [Too many games to complete].My gameplay in first playthrough:- Totally Suck at responsive time, often get hit every time I hit Dodge key.- Good at repeatedly spam clicks, For example: Spam shooting while riding a missile.- Didn't change weapons to anything but guns.- Enjoyed whole storyline.- Sometimes struggled against enemies that did not give me Witch Time. Took few deaths to defeat that enemies.- Want to watch my playthrough videos? Check this out!HG's Bayonetta PC Playlist - Playthrough #1PRO:- Improved graphic from old version of Bayonetta [PS2?]- Supports 4k with 60FPS- Subtitles are included!- Interesting cutscene styles: Slideshow and Film-style- Time reaction becomes harder as proceed to the end of the storyline, consider that as one of challenges!- Didn't expierenced any major issues/crashesCON:- Does not support 144hz- Not Fully 60FPS game... It caps at 60 FPS on Free Run and Battle but its cutscenes run at 30FPS- Motion Blur. No Option to disable it. I had to fight against Motion Blur while fighting enemies. Required me to take few breaks after every Motion Blur scenes.>>> MOTION BLUR ALERT: Prologue during Witch Time on Airplane, CH13 against boss, and Ch14 while riding missile <<<- Camera rotates really slow..., Wasn't suited for intense battling with Mouse. Already max out Mouse Sensitivity and Camera Rotation Speed, but resulted in no changes.- On Select screen, such as Chapter or Main Menu, Highlight will be press when mouse was only far away from the highlight and left-click...- Double Tap Shift during a battle forced popping into Panther mode when attempt to multiple dodge. It made battle harder... It would be nice if Transform key was set to different key bind...BUGs:- While airplane sinking, there was visual glitch that made flooded animation invisible to player's camera. It will shock Bayonetta if goes into invisible flooded area.My PC System:i7-4790k + Win 10 Pro + 16GB RAM + 500GB SSD + GTX 1080 Ti + 1440p144 Monitor"
76561198212227109,Recommended,460790,31192268,Posted: 16 April,all,Princess Zelda ▲,Yassssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,460790,31080615,Posted: 11 April,all,NaNriX,"Just buy it, no need to think about it"
76561198094147230,Recommended,460790,32913694,Posted: 27 June,all,Xilent,Get  it while its hOT
,Recommended,460790,32911468,Posted: 27 June,all,The Main Bat,Game is good
,Recommended,460790,32924141,Posted: 28 June,all,MarioNet,GOOD!!
76561198373019720,Recommended,460790,33787370,Posted: 25 July,all,360059872,nice
,Recommended,460790,31082568,Posted: 11 April,all,Umbra,"A must. I don't care who you are, this game is a must. You need this game, and if you haven't played it you need to. Over the top action, saucy witches with guns on their heels, and kicking angel♥♥♥♥♥ you won't be disappointed.Port is fantastic btw."
76561198028234087,Recommended,460790,31081187,Posted: 11 April,all,Pisak,Surprisingly good PC port so far. Recommended.
76561197993589983,Recommended,460790,33930472,Posted: 31 July,all,Madash,"Although this is a good game in its own right, for me the crappy  ""consolesque"" style of controls and combat turned me off. It has somekind of pubescent charm to it but ultimately the repetative and boring nature of it all becomes too much."
76561198151381326,Recommended,460790,31351945,Posted: 24 April,all,WindRider,"Very good title.Good point are bayonetta's sexy curvy body and fantastic scenes.Down point is bayonetta's small breast, haha...Waiting Bayonetta II for PC."
76561197994775540,Recommended,460790,31121217,Posted: 13 April,all,Jonh,YES!
,Recommended,460790,31105759,Posted: 12 April,all,Kruno Saho,Perfect!Ryzen 1700X32GB G Skill Trident ZGeforce GTX 1070
76561198060983111,Recommended,460790,31121047,Posted: 13 April,all,Ateia,"Bayonetta on pc not much else to say, polished over the top combat with a pretty interesting story. Port is pretty solid i7 3770k with a GTX 1060 and 8gbs of ram and I get a solid 60fps, altho there have been people with AMD CPUS  reporting FPS issues so you might want to look into that if you are an AMD user."
,Recommended,460790,31427614,Posted: 28 April,all,mario invented nose physics,erect
,Recommended,460790,32002504,Posted: 27 May,all,Screaming Fox,"So, where to start with this?If you've ever played a Hack n' Slash game like Darksiders, Devil May Cry, or anything of the like and enjoyed it, make sure you get this one.Combat system is flawless- I don't think I've ever been cheated out of a combo unfairly, and while the game is a tough one at times, it's never more than punishing you for your own faults.Difficulty is definitely felt, for sure. It's not a hard game (I played Normal and was able to get through each level without much pain) by any measure, but don't expect to glide through running into each fight without some tact.Graphics are nice, but it's not made necessarily to show off any of that as the game WAS released on a last-gen hardware originally anyways. You won't think the graphics feel that dated when you play, and nothing is visually jarring.Optimization leaves a little to be desired from my personal opinion, but I was able to run it 1080p on highest with 60, so I cannot complain. If you're looking for higher resolutions, there's definitely a steep requirement versus achieved result from what I found.Story is the driving force in this game, and you won't really get tired of it as many levels incorporate unique variables into them. (A level where you race on a motorcycle across a highway as it gets demolished? Hell yeah.) In terms of the story's enjoyment, you won't find it turning you off from the game any more than you'd be turned off if you simply didn't enjoy the Hack n' Slash genre.Overall? I can't really complain with this title. I never played it when it first came out, so this port to PC is surely something I appreciate being a part of my library."
,Recommended,460790,31104515,Posted: 12 April,all,Manaricelle,"I was so excited to see Bayonetta available that I bought it ouright! My xbox 360 RROD'd so I was never able to finish this game.I have an Acer Aspire laptop computer, it's about 5 years old and has an intel 15 processor and a AMD Radeon 6650M, so it isn't the god tier of god tier computers. The game runs surprisingly well on the computer at medium graphics. Shadows make the game a bit stuttery, but putting them on low increases the framerate greatly(I don't need shadows anyway)!The game looks really good, and plays very well for a port and looks extremely polished even for a game 7 years old.I don't have a wireless dongle for my Controller so I am using Keyboard and Mouse mode for the time being.Keyboard and Mouse is not BAD, it's very much playable, but it's a bit unweieldy. You are moving and activating dodges witht he keyboard and using the mouse to punch and kick and move the camera. It's a weird setup as you also use the mouse to activate bullet time and you do this alot by accident. Finger placement can be cumbersome, but it's very much playable. My biggest gripe is executing Torture or Climax actions won't always net me the highest points because of trying to find where my finger should go. I'm pretty sure on a controller, input response time would be a lot quicker.I DO have a weird issue when the game has a cinematic with the film slides that displays the filtered cutscene and then displays another smaller widnow with an unfiltered cutscene. It's weird and distracting, but still shows what I need to see.Get Bayonetta, it's a great game and I enjoyed this game so much that I am about to head out to the store and buy a new wireless dongle after this review.Update:Got the wireless controller and it is extremely needed for this game, it feels much more intuitive and the reflexes are so much better. So, if you do not have a controller invest in one! it's totally worth is!"
,Recommended,460790,33072935,Posted: 1 July,all,ZAM_SJ5,please bring Bayonetta 2 on PC im loving this!
76561198020711671,Recommended,460790,31453804,Posted: 29 April,all,Zettadigit,An amazing PC port of one of the best games of PlatinumGames.Beautiful.
,Recommended,460790,31089383,Posted: 11 April,all,TurboNerd,About ♥♥♥♥ing time.
,Recommended,460790,31089371,Posted: 11 April,all,Sid7o,OH Thank you SEGA! Not everything has to be PC kekeke
,Recommended,460790,31222072,Posted: 18 April,all,naysayer,Gooders.
76561198037270711,Recommended,460790,31174200,Posted: 16 April,all,HuskersAlex,I played this game back when it first released on 360. It become my favorite game of all time. Its 100% 10/10.Perfect GameplayGood storyAmazing characters.Amazing loreAmazing SoundtrackThe port is great with a very small amount of issues. Aka MSAA not working.Game is super well optimized.I get a perfect 60fps lock at 4k on a old 980.
,Recommended,460790,31321553,Posted: 23 April,all,JULZ,better combo system than dmcstory is ok20€ for ~11 hours (depending on your skill) with replay valueoverall worth
,Recommended,460790,31169809,Posted: 15 April,all,Darkrai,"It's pretty good mate, I never played it on console. A lot of FPS problems reported, at first it was ""It's only AMD FX chips get ♥♥♥♥ed AMD ♥♥♥♥ *jerks himself and his intel off*"" But updating my Windows 10 to creator's edition fixed that. So, wait for some bug fixes and then buy it."
76561197993394667,Recommended,460790,31120231,Posted: 13 April,all,Berserker,Finally! Now im going to play some more witch hunt!
,Recommended,460790,31135513,Posted: 14 April,all,Miko!!!!!,"YES, YES! ♥♥♥♥ YES! ABSOLUTELY YES!"
,Recommended,460790,31563821,Posted: 5 May,all,Scopedog,"What is there to say about Bayonetta that hasn’t been said in the seven years it’s taken for the game to finally find its way to Steam? It was an outstanding game on its release in 2010, and like the ludicrously proportioned protagonist it barely seems to have aged a day. In fact this is an excellent port and is by far the definitive version of the game - as well as improved textures and shadows, the game runs like a dream on very modest hardware. Like the Wii U version this also comes with the Japanese dub, though it naturally lacks the Nintendo specific costumes. This is a welcome addition as the English dub is a mixed bag – Bayonetta herself is pitch perfect, but some of the supporting cast are a bit ropey.Thankfully a bit of crap acting isn't going to let the side down too much - in case it wasn't blindingly obvious you need to approach this game with tongue firmly planted in cheek, and I would recommend anyone who comes over all faint from the sight of a bare bottom steer well clear. The plot, such as it is, is bobbins of the highest order and is told through a series of interminable cutscenes. When it’s being silly it’s glorious, unrepentant camp. Unfortunately, Bayonetta also tries to tell a proper story and trips over its own ridiculous heels every time – it lacks the knowing crapness of Metal Gear Rising, and here it just comes off as tonal whiplash.But cutscenes can thankfully be skipped, and for those lucky souls who haven’t played this game to death this is Platinum games at their very best, and alongside the excellent Metal Gear Rising represents the pinnacle of the spectacle fighter genre. Those who have played Transformers Devastation might find Bayonetta’s combat system very familiar – dodging at the last moment will result in “witch time”, a period of slowdown that allows you to unleash bad man beatdowns on your foes without reprisal for a couple of seconds. While you can sort of muddle your way through the game on default difficulty, getting any awards or playing on a higher difficulty will absolutely require you to learn the combat system and enemy attack patterns if you want to have any hope of success.Thankfully enemy variety is fantastic, and special mention should go to the art direction and design which is wonderful throughtout. There are an admirable number of weapons and combat styles to play around with too, as well as unlockables – this is a game begging to be replayed, and in fact gets better on repeat playthroughs as you master more advanced combos and techniques. When you get in the zone and get a Pure Platinum medal on a tough combat encounter it really feels like you’ve earned it, as even on Normal the game is no slouch.Bayonetta isn’t perfect mind – There are a couple of on rails shooter sections that are as dull as they are seemingly unending, kept tolerable only by some nostalgic Sega remixes. Later on there’s an honest to god turret section. These sections are obviously there to mix things up a bit, but all they do is make you pine for the amazing combat. Bosses, initially impressive in scale don’t hold up particularly well to replays either and there are a couple of early ones which are a little unclear as to what they want from you. Beyond these gripes though, Bayonetta is still at the top of its class, knocked off its perch only by its own sequel."
,Recommended,460790,35085875,Posted: 20 September,all,Rumpus Bingo,Buy this game already you ♥♥♥♥
76561198166171436,Recommended,460790,33145280,Posted: 2 July,all,alcard_drakemoon,"Hell yeah. Love this game. Weird as you can ever imagine, but thats why I loved it. I would play it again, and again, and again. 100 stars plus. And 6 thumbs up."
,Recommended,460790,31087349,Posted: 11 April,all,SpiritSlayer,"Superbly stylish and somewhat strange, Bayonetta is one of the gems from the last generation that's finally making its way to PC. Simply put, the combat is fluid while still being flexible for your playstyle, leaving many different combos possible to pull off. The game is a true hack n' slash, and anyone who is a fan of games like Devil May Cry, for example, should really consider purchasing. As far as the port goes, the game runs as smooth as butter and has the basic graphics settings. Currently the anti-aliasing is broken, but that will probably be patched.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,460790,34975863,Posted: 15 September,all,m'ango,bayo is mummy af 😍😍💦
76561198058325282,Recommended,460790,31458365,Posted: 30 April,all,Sandrew,It's great
,Recommended,460790,31309882,Posted: 22 April,all,Obligatory Corgi,I have M1911's for high heels...and I can ♥♥♥♥ing breakdance while shooting them and kill everyone within reasonable proximity...10/10
,Recommended,460790,31311056,Posted: 22 April,all,Deadahead,"If you liked it on console, you're going to love it on here.  Even better than I remember! A PC port done right!"
,Recommended,460790,31315204,Posted: 23 April,all,joshmolczyk,"I used to be able to practice my moves on the load screen on xbox, but the load times are almost non existent on PC :("
76561198199820155,Recommended,460790,32778043,Posted: 25 June,all,PixelPerfect,This game took me and held me like a vice grip. Bayonetta has got style. Only wish @PlatniumGames would give us the sequel on PC. It's a masterpiece. 10/10
,Recommended,460790,31310113,Posted: 22 April,all,Levithmong,"Great port of Bayonetta, altough it is a shame that things go through other things which is not supposed to happen. For example, Bayonetta's arms can go through her body if you aim bullet climax in a specific way. It's hilarious to see, but also a bit diminishing to the overall feel of the game."
,Recommended,460790,31258567,Posted: 20 April,all,TarzanEng,"I heard about Bayonetta is on par with a half demon badass. However I do not have a console :(At first when I heard it was ported to PC. I was delighted but after playing it for a while, I absolutely hate it..Cinematic at the very beginning already dropped to single digits. The gamplays hovers betwwen 12fps to 30 fps. Not as smooth as it can be at 60 fps but I think it is not possible I will be refunding it as it is downright unplayable.Looks like somebody has been taking lesson from Arkham Knight....Update: Game fixedIt looks like the game developer finally fix this thing. It has still a bit of stuttering but it is well managable and can be played already.Let be the first to say is congratulation to the game developer for listening to us. Now I can chnage the rating from downright pitiful to absolutely amazing.I would like to say that Bayonetta is not my cup of tea. I do not deny it is great just not my cup of brevegaes. I like the half devil prick better. However, the game is terrific.I just started playing after the bug have been fixed. I find the sexy shot of Bayonetta is a bit too much for me but the character is well design and the game play is good. I love how the Witch time in the game as it reminds me of half devil using Quicksilver but without consuing the devil trigger bar.I know Enzo is not the most likeable character in the game and I find him to be quite whinny at times. However, he is still not as bad as some characters from the game that makes the enemy cried like anime fan from prom night.I also love how the series make a nod to Indian Jones. A nice touch indeed.Play it, you will not regret it. After thepatch I mean"
,Recommended,460790,33939722,Posted: 31 July,all,cowboyB,Great
76561198019550271,Recommended,460790,32399944,Posted: 13 June,all,obstructor,"Its pretty good.The combat grew on me over time, I never mastered it though; I think the combat is a lot better in their newer titles, dodging requires millesecond reaction time.The story really has some cool moments especially with the character cereza.  The plot is very anime, finishing with you killing god by throwing them into the sun... Yep.Platinum games always seems to do a lot with the little budgets they are given.Now for the elephant in the room:  yes her hair is her clothes and she uses it to cast massive spells, making her less clothed.  Bayonetta is quite fanservicey she is often posing and moving in sensual ways.  If you are fine with that go for it.  If you find that cringy, its mostly found in cutscenes and it seems mostly manageable.  But, I won't talk you into a game you aren't comfortable with."
,Recommended,460790,31092826,Posted: 12 April,all,zachillios,"An almost perfectly done port. I greatly exceed the minimum specs and it runs almost flawless except when there's 4-5 enemies on the screen. The game dips a bit but fixes its self quickly. Outside of the technical point, this game is wonderful. Fabulous soundtrack, a messy but very touching story, and some of the best combat in gaming to date. Not to mention the fact that its lead is one of (in my opinion) the greatest female characters of all time. I definitely recommend picking this up."
76561198048529975,Recommended,460790,31091656,Posted: 11 April,all,ASTON[HUN],"Horrid performance and constant stuttering after chapter 2, DO NOT BUY UNTIL FIXED! It's a shame really, i was hoping to finally enjoy the game after i was fed up with the 360 version's framedrops and blurry visuals.You would think that an xbox 360 game would run good on a gtx 1070 and an i7, well think again.After updating to the new verison of Win 10 the performance at last is really good, there are a few stutters here and there, but nothing mayor. I dont get it why a windows update is requied to run the game well but hey, im just glad it works at last! :)"
,Recommended,460790,31081741,Posted: 11 April,all,Meetxj9,"-Saw this this out of no where-Insta buy-Praised the gods-touch myself""You havent bought this yet? What the F*&k is wrong with you!!!"" said everyone."
,Recommended,460790,33820764,Posted: 26 July,all,Not Lolicon,Sexual contents + good combat. Personally it's not worth $19.99.Recommended on sale.
,Recommended,460790,32163306,Posted: 3 June,all,OldManJason,WTH is going on!Game is nuts.If you like DMC and games of that sort this is for you.
,Recommended,460790,31976340,Posted: 26 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,460790,35440341,Posted: 3 October,all,Constrise,"Kinda reminds me of Knack, so 10/11KNACK FOR THE WIN, BABY!"
,Recommended,460790,31189605,Posted: 16 April,all,HighFive,Pro: What a damn good video game.Con: Now I'll have to get a WiiU =(
,Recommended,460790,32640536,Posted: 22 June,all,Noctis,Boner-netta.
,Recommended,460790,32727456,Posted: 24 June,all,romXXII,"My hand's tired, and not from playing ""one-handed"" mode."
,Recommended,460790,31082523,Posted: 11 April,all,GeekyiSland,JUST AMAZING 10/10
76561198009698621,Recommended,460790,31081287,Posted: 11 April,all,Bosk,Better Devil May Cry than DMC
,Recommended,460790,31352715,Posted: 25 April,all,Malakai The Ninja,BIG TIDDIES AND GUNSWHOO HOOTHE ONLY GAME WHERE YOU CAN SEXUALLY ASSAULT ANGELSYEE HAWBUY IT NOW YA WANKSTAIN
76561198045853876,Recommended,460790,31097768,Posted: 12 April,all,Underdeveloped Potato,i have only played it for an hour and i strutted into my kitchen to get food IT HAS BEGUN.
76561198372172500,Recommended,460790,31290398,Posted: 21 April,all,裤裆藏大屌,冷饭真好吃
,Recommended,460790,31106708,Posted: 12 April,all,GamesMaster,amazing game must buy
,Recommended,460790,35066990,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,fun gameplay
76561198051440412,Recommended,460790,31092117,Posted: 11 April,all,大龄选手，越喷越慌,"long time no see, bayonetta~wish there will be 3 soon"
76561197979985299,Recommended,460790,31121379,Posted: 13 April,all,Captive,Thumbs up
76561198062767828,Recommended,460790,31161433,Posted: 15 April,all,Shriyasha,Only cons is Bayonetta 2 :)dont wanna buy Wi Ujust do it Gabe
76561198042023356,Recommended,460790,31085478,Posted: 11 April,all,Thorbjorn,"One of the, if not the greatest action game of all time, and the port is fantastic as well."
76561198054286000,Recommended,460790,31083570,Posted: 11 April,all,Melancholy,Let's Dance Boys!
76561197960401948,Recommended,460790,31176231,Posted: 16 April,all,stane,lmao buy this game right now
76561198259138452,Recommended,460790,31736747,Posted: 13 May,all,Spookteresting,I played this game- and the prologue ran beautifully. First sequence was amazing.Then I think my computer ♥♥♥♥♥♥ed because it then shut down after I had completed the prologue and started the next chapter.10/10 good game
,Recommended,460790,31102590,Posted: 12 April,all,you underestimate my power,solid port of a game that's the peak of its genre
,Recommended,460790,31090501,Posted: 11 April,all,[ZM] Twizzlers,"Haven't had any problems so far, also never played Bayonetta before, so... good."
76561198055997695,Recommended,460790,33061495,Posted: 30 June,all,Heff,literally a perfect game.
76561198190219473,Recommended,460790,31149287,Posted: 14 April,all,F-LAN,love it
,Recommended,460790,31212085,Posted: 17 April,all,The Batman of Zur-En-Arrh,One of my favorite games and the best action game ever made. Period.
76561198028480501,Recommended,460790,31203314,Posted: 17 April,all,navyordinanceman,ITS SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!
,Recommended,460790,31174163,Posted: 16 April,all,Krowten Nootrac,Devilmaycry on crackThis game has some of the most satisfying combat you'll ever experience in a game.  It's over the top action and the enemies aren't just there for you to practice your combos. They fight back aggressively so you're always on your toes. I can't stop playing it and I pray that bayonetta 2 comes to the pc as well!
76561198207757597,Recommended,460790,33231267,Posted: 4 July,all,El Jefe,VeRy SmEXy!!
76561198243651200,Recommended,460790,31105223,Posted: 12 April,all,Sqencer,gud on xboxgud heregot wiiu version
,Recommended,460790,31254734,Posted: 20 April,all,Tatsumasa,"This is as good as I remember it on the original console and still looks good with the enhancements they made. My only complaint is that weapon management is not quite as smooth as in other games like this (you can only save two sets of weapons to switch between) and there is not as much of a sense of progression like other games in this genre (e.g. god of war powering up your weapons with blood)... in this one you can get more health/mana/moves, but it doesn't feel as satisfying of like leveling up a certain weapon/style. However, there is still tons to do here and fighting giant bosses while dodging their moves feels smooth and works perfectly in this port. This is a great example of how a port can and should be done."
76561197992535721,Recommended,460790,34742055,Posted: 4 September,all,Quagmire,"It's hard to recommend this game. I only give it a Yes since the gameplay started out so well, but story and the bosses towards the end are terrible. And getting halos to buy things is a pain. Maybe I missed a step, maybe I forgot a combo, not sure. All in all a decent game."
,Recommended,460790,31262529,Posted: 20 April,all,SlainOracle,"I decided to go to a nearby bar when I found out the place had a new bartender. He began rambling about vinyl being the superior form of music, and tried to offer me firearms in exchange for vinyl records. I went out and got some vinyl, now my arm is a chainsaw, and I don't know what to do after this recent surgery.Oh, the game was good too."
,Recommended,460790,31220117,Posted: 18 April,all,Removal,>failed to play the ps3 ver>because dont have the console>take the pc version instead11/10 will re-run the story again
76561198082509206,Recommended,460790,34915928,Posted: 13 September,all,ed10k399,"Works with...Intel i7 4770kNVidia GTX 10801440p gaming monitorFPS is stuck at 60, even with VSync turned off. But with VSync off, I get tearing. My Asus GSync enabled monitor doesn't help. It stutters when I take a screenshot.Some of the map areas were reused from previous levels.I encountered a bug where resuming from a checkpoint crashed the game. Restarting the game from the same checkpoint crashed the game again (endlessly). Restarting from a save solved it though.The game is OK. I played it at normal difficulty, but should have played it at very easy since I only care about the story and it didn't felt like going through harder combat was rewarding. For a game that made me feel like combat should be flashy / very stylistic (from the cutscenes), some enemies cannot be beat unless I used the simplest techniques, which reminded me of TMNT in NES."
76561198127725682,Recommended,460790,31107161,Posted: 12 April,all,fights4love,Very Fun and Funny game do far.
76561198045896470,Recommended,460790,31163655,Posted: 15 April,all,It's Chloe Bish,"Good Port, Still The Same Ol Great Game."
76561198043172921,Recommended,460790,31095262,Posted: 12 April,all,fly_me_topolaris,Gave has been ported very great. Cheer+++++
,Recommended,460790,31110347,Posted: 12 April,all,Marusame,"This is THE golden standard for character action games. This and Bayonetta 2 (Nintendo published Wii U only) are the best character action games ever made. DMC and DMC4 are only shadows, Legend of Korra is a distraction, and Metal Gear Rising Revengance is but a taste. THIS, my dear chesire... is how you do it."
,Recommended,460790,31087687,Posted: 11 April,all,Username5550123,"Everything a port should be. Great game that runs really well and the controls are great (yes, even with a mouse and keyboard)."
76561198028678769,Recommended,460790,31092226,Posted: 11 April,all,Kyle,Hay yo betta play Baeonetta it's good o netta
76561198072826923,Recommended,460790,31096980,Posted: 12 April,all,KOS-MOS,"So publishers finally realizes how to do business, Huh?Thank you, SEGA for the port.Nintendo now it's your turn."
76561198000705735,Recommended,460790,31735146,Posted: 13 May,all,The warden,i recommend this game to everyone but DO ON EASIEST MODE FIRST AS THE GAME ON NORMAL ISN'T EASY AT ALL EVEN FOR A DARK SOULS PLAYER if you decide to play this game on a hard difficulty prepare a second controller or keyboard
,Recommended,460790,31092371,Posted: 12 April,all,Cybertroy,GILF action at its best.
,Recommended,460790,31091125,Posted: 11 April,all,K►,"Why fps lock?""Human eye cant see past 60fps!""-PlatinumGames201710/10 - IGNEdit: finished the game on medium difficulty, end game feel so rewarding."
,Recommended,460790,31082628,Posted: 11 April,all,I Haven't,Stylish.
,Recommended,460790,31088272,Posted: 11 April,all,. XYZ ... プ,in ps3 play with hack and pc pay to play :3
,Recommended,460790,33050236,Posted: 30 June,all,v IMasTeRz,Liked it before.... love it now.
76561198047095061,Recommended,460790,31200574,Posted: 17 April,all,†SMK† ~ (羽林军)  烈士殉名,Need Bayonetta2 on pc!!!!!
76561198001788291,Recommended,460790,33186862,Posted: 3 July,all,Neins,What are you waiting for?
76561198009201968,Recommended,460790,31082217,Posted: 11 April,all,Sol.Bad.Guy,No.
,Recommended,460790,31103504,Posted: 12 April,all,hoie 🕴🏿,"I get unplayable frame-rates while matching the recommended settings.EDIT: updated to windows 10 creator update, everything is working fine now"
,Recommended,460790,31095034,Posted: 12 April,all,dennys,Beautiful game.
76561198157310893,Recommended,460790,31124182,Posted: 13 April,all,BoEid506,Devil may cry
,Recommended,460790,31136193,Posted: 14 April,all,Fat Man,Great game
76561198100001091,Recommended,460790,31111963,Posted: 13 April,all,拜托，你很弱唉,We need Chinese
,Recommended,460790,33014820,Posted: 29 June,all,ZiCell,I'm getting married.
,Recommended,460790,31902792,Posted: 22 May,all,デジタル,Do you recommend this game?- YES
,Recommended,460790,31875916,Posted: 20 May,all,Shabbro96,one of the best funny hack n slashes of the world
,Recommended,460790,31089239,Posted: 11 April,all,😎 Turbo Man 😎,"EDIT: Works fine now, disregard my performance issues and go buy the game!The game itself is 10/10, but I have to thumbs this down as I am getting 10-20fps with lots of stuttering after the prologue level. Specs are Intel 2600k @ 4.5Ghz, GTX 1060 6GB @ 2Ghz, 16GB DDR3 RAM. Tried everything on the steam forums in this threadhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/460790/discussions/0/135514151378884048/?tscn=1491993715but no luck so I have to refund this for now. I'll be sure to buy it again after several patches later though and update the review to a thumbs up once the time comes. See ya next time, Bae-onetta ;_;"
76561197972995047,Recommended,460790,31738691,Posted: 13 May,all,Coup d' oeil,I'm glad american sensibilities are lost on the japanese.  Politically incorrect shooting fun !
,Recommended,460790,31200431,Posted: 17 April,all,Chubby,She has nice booty
,Recommended,460790,31082359,Posted: 11 April,all,Mild Mannered Manatee,Fly me to the moon senpai.
76561197992842237,Not Recommended,460790,35476271,Posted: 4 October,all,aleks144,"Super good visuals, captivating despite cheesy story.Watch it on Youtube, at least couple chapters, before buy the game.As a game it's a worst example of console kind of terrible platformer,ridiculus arcade minigames, combo clicker.I played through the most game, but just watched couple last chapters on youtube,skipping endless jumpimg and ""fighting"" - there were too boring even to watch."
76561198083923943,Not Recommended,460790,31533323,Posted: 3 May,all,NexusTheDino,"As much as I was hyped to play I was met with disappointment right after the title screen. Lag and FPS issues were prominent throughout the 30 minutes of gameplay I had trying to actually play while the rest were spent trying to find a fix. Many others are having a common issue and it may just be for AMD and a couple other types of computers. Once it's fixed I'm more than definitely going to buy this again and flip my review over because even through the lag, it looked like a great game."
,Recommended,460790,31086496,Posted: 11 April,all,Firestw152,Nut
,Recommended,460790,31082525,Posted: 11 April,all,Hi... I'm Spy,Have a little bit fun and almost forgot I have work to do!!And Shutup!! Go grab it now!!Edit: After Finish game with Mouse and Keyboard control..PlatinumGames Good-f*cking-Jobs!!
,Not Recommended,460790,31303908,Posted: 22 April,all,Z3ROLABZ,"Worked for a couple days flawlessly, then when I went to load my saves the screen freezes but you can hear the controls working and now no mattter what I do it runs like garbage after starting a new game on my 7700k and GTX 1070. Just .4 hrs past the return window :("
,Not Recommended,460790,31406964,Posted: 27 April,all,FoundDeadInMiami,"Just as other people have previously mentioned, i also experience frame rate and stutter issues. I probably would recommend it if not for this issue but it is too glaring to go unnoticed. Until this is fixed its gonna be a refund for me"
,Not Recommended,460790,31549800,Posted: 4 May,all,f  e  e  l  i  n  g  l  i  f  e,"The first level was a solid 60fps on high settings.Then the cut scene played and I barely hit 20fps, with stuttering and unsteady framerate. The same goes for the second level. I think this is due to playing on an older amd cpu.It looks like a great game but I can't recommend it to anyone on a system like mine.My specs:Athlon x4 860kGTX 1050 ti8GB RAM"
76561198320826634,Recommended,460790,31090386,Posted: 11 April,all,IronBear,"I cant get the game to launch at all, iv searched the internet, installed it twice and even tried hard resetting my pc but nothing worked, please could someone give me some tips? I have tired running it as administrator and that isn't working either, any help will be appreciated thanks! ^_^"
76561198271868057,Recommended,460790,34234703,Posted: 14 August,all,Hentai Is in this Season,"Good Evening Steam, this is your boy EatDat♥♥♥♥♥445, and about like 30-45 minutes ago, I beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥so god damn hard that I can't even feel my left leg, my left leg has went totally numb. And, my♥♥♥♥♥♥has also went totally numb, to the point that it feels ♥♥♥♥ing weird when I go and take a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,460790,31085379,Posted: 11 April,all,Solo Player,Bliss in the form of an action game.
,Not Recommended,460790,32933416,Posted: 28 June,all,fireball0836,"im sorry but i cannot reccomend the game as is. being connected to steam means you cn fix the stuff that was off putting before when it was first released. between certain enemies having unbalanced damage/counter windows, qtes with no explanation on exactly how they are meant to be completed (not even a small text box, cmon) and bugs with the leaderboard system being nonexistent yet trying to submit and freezing the screen without any way to fix it in game, this is a lazy port. i might expect it from sega but you guys at platinum games i had higher hopes for. bayonetta is a fun game underneath this and bayo 2 shows how AMAZING of a job you can do! dont just say good enough, the fans are depending on you.for people looking to buy this:get it on sale given the current condition of the port.bayonetta is a likeable strong female protgonist and the game is a high octane action game for the most part.there are  couple parts off putting to some and the qtes brek the immersion as well as the torture attacks are poorly optimized and rarely reach max.i beat bayo 2 on (i forget rn if its ultimate or unlimited climax) the max difficulty and can tell you this games normal is harder due to a single enemy type.despite these the story is great and the characters are lively, and the combat is mostly enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,460790,31280362,Posted: 21 April,all,Magic in the Mushroom,the game has reset all keybindings and i can't set keybindings from the menu (error one or more keybindings already set even though that's not true). i basically can't play the game :( waiting for a patch
,Not Recommended,460790,31350590,Posted: 24 April,all,CaptainPlanet,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥for some reason. I've got a RX 480 4gig card a fx-6300 cpu and 16gb of ram i don't get why this happens. It seems to hard lock to 30fps but it feels like I'm playing at 20 fps. It's choppy, and un-responsive and I've no clue why. Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ then it's a solid buy."
,Recommended,460790,31154464,Posted: 15 April,all,Milberry Frog,my cousin Jono Clayton is a really cool guy
76561198022498631,Not Recommended,460790,31851153,Posted: 19 May,all,brohamad,I personally love this game always wanted it on PC so i bought it. everything was fine was having a blast. but then they patched it now its completely unplayable. i7 6700 and a 980 gpu @1920 x 1080 5-20 fps not fix cant play that is all. .FeelsBadMan.
76561198275853410,Not Recommended,460790,31596001,Posted: 6 May,all,Brandejo,"Bayonetta is one of my all time favorite action games. Got the PC version within a week of its release and was highly disappointed. When the game would run, it ran well. After a random amount of time, the audio would continue but the screen would go black. Couldn't ESC couldn't control alt tab. Even the windows key did nothing. I did a quick search and saw it seems to happen to computers with AMD graphics cards. I'm running an R9-390 and it would play nice for a little then just mess up. I tried different settings and everything to no avail. Had to return for my money back.If you have and AMD gpu, don't bother buying this."
76561198097539613,Not Recommended,460790,31256182,Posted: 20 April,all,E.H,"After hearing a lot of positive stuff about Bayonetta I was eager to see it on the PC, since I've never owned a console.First of all, the game doesn't have any problems for me on Windows 8.1, a core i5 4460, 16GB RAM and a Radeon Rx480. I've experienced no frame drops/bugs/glitches or other things, people are reporting. It always ran with 60 FPS at max settings in 1080p. Though this shouldn't really impress anyone, since this game is over 7 years old. Still, I have to say that for such an old game, it looks decent (aside from some Video sequences which are only in 720p and pixelated when using a higher resolution). The character models are quite detailed and the environments look also nice to this day. However some of the effects (fire and smoke) look pretty dated and ugly. Another small downside, is that even the ingame cutscens are in 30 FPS. And while this isn't a big deal, I hope it'll get patched in the future. Using Keyboard and Mouse as your input devices works also quite well. I actually preffered K&M over an Xbox 360 Pad. Overall I experienced a decent PC port.Now let's talk about the gameplay. I've heard a lot of praise about this game. Some people even called it the best spectacle fighter in existence and what not. I admit, that the only other game I've played in this genre was Metal Gear Rising: Revengenace and just from the gameplay aspect I found it to be just as good if not better. I would describe Bayonetta as competent, though there are a lot of things which muted my enjoyment. The first and most severe thing being the awful quicktime events. It is really frustrating, having to repeat entire sections of a bossfight, because you missed a split second QTE, because you didn't know which button you were supposed to press. Sometimes the QTEs appeared out of nowhere, during a supposed cutscene and I missed them, since I simply weren't prepared. Another thing are some ""rooms"" where you have to fight the enemies. Sometimes you just have a narrow hallway, with two intermediate bosses, that frantically try to hit you. The fact that the camera controls aren't very cooperative doesn't really help. There is also some ridiculous platforming, which isn't some much defficult as it is tedious. Sometimes the angle of the camera is so awkward, that you don't see where you're jumping and fall into your death. One other thing is, that there are no loading times (even from a nomral hard drive), which is good of course. The problem is, that there is no trainig room where you can see all the different combo moves while practicing them. You only have a training room during the non exisitng loading screens. You can of course look up each combo individually in the menu, however this is a really clumsy way of doing it. I wish, they have included the loading sequence as a normal training room.Segments, which could have been completely scrapped, are the aouto scrolling sequences, they neither require a lot of skill nor are they particularly fun. They are just flimsily disguised turret sections. I also don't understand the games save system. Sometimes you start right at the boss you've stopped playing and sometimes you have to start the level from the beginning. It qould be nice if checkpoints were indicated more clearly.As probably most people know, the story is completely ridiculous and over the top and it's a bit hard to follow what's really going on. Though this isn't a major point for me, and I have to admit that I mostly played the game because I hoped to find an outstanding gameplay experince, which didn't really happen unfortunately.In the end I can't really recommend Bayonetta (or let's say I can't price at a privce of 20€), due to the shortcomings in gameplay, unless you are OK with the things listed above or desperately look for a decent spectacle fighter. Maybe wait until it's on sale and costs only 10€ or even 5€. Then I think it would be worth a try. Bayonetta is in my opinon a competent game but I can't hail it as amazing."
76561198174604321,Not Recommended,460790,31237627,Posted: 19 April,all,Flippy Fish,I love Bayonetta do not get me wrong. However this port is not running at all on my pc. I have an i7 with a nvidia 760 and 12gb of ram yet the game is running as if it were in slow motion. I even ran it on lowest settings and it will not work for me correctly. I've wanted to play this ever since I saw Bayonetta face off against Dante in death battle but sadly Ill just have to seek out my old ps3 to play this acclaimed title.
76561198058672268,Not Recommended,460790,31241564,Posted: 19 April,all,Your Favorite Porn,"I sadly cannot reccomend this game, while the game itself is absolutely superb and a blast to play......The port seems to be horrible for certain users, me being one of them; While I refunded this, I will gladly buy it again once it is fixed.SPECSAMD 8350FXGTX960(4gb)8gb RAM"
,Recommended,460790,31098777,Posted: 12 April,all,Han5macboy,MY. WAIFU. ON. PC!pros:+ fan service+ rule 34cons:- not enough bewbs69/69 would fap again
76561198210969172,Recommended,460790,31267368,Posted: 20 April,all,AnarchistCat,ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ ʀᴀɪsᴇ ᴜʀ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀs ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ(ง°ل͜°)ง I TRIED TO SILENCE MY DONGER ONCE; BOY THAT WENT WELL (ง°ل͜°)งᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ Flex your dongers ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ ＤＯ ＹＯＵ ＥＶＥＮ ＤＯＮＧ? ᕦ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕤ┌༼ຈل͜ຈ༽┐ lower your dongers ┌༼ຈل͜ຈ༽┐(ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง THE UNSEEN DONGER IS THE DEADLIEST (ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง
76561198061910271,Recommended,460790,31083257,Posted: 11 April,all,AboveALLskillz,it's like a copy of devil may cryand the art work monster is from like final fantasyover all it's ok game 3/5
76561198085622944,Not Recommended,460790,31373247,Posted: 26 April,all,Syro System,"Going to keep this short. Game is great, if you can play it.Me and several users are experiencing MASSIVE stutters and framerate drops that make the game unenjoyable.Uninstalled and refunded until they fix this obvious flaw (that should have been fixed LONG before launch)."
,Not Recommended,460790,31265358,Posted: 20 April,all,Illasera,"Game looks great, Sound great, and seems interesting.And... That's about it , Let's face it :Camera- Camera control at times (A lot of times) is beyond broken, as well asthe angle placement of the camera and the auto-tracking system. (It means that you can't see your own character, in a 3rd person game).Visual feedback-The screen is too busy in fights with extremely upscaled models thatobscure a lot to the point in which you can't see anything.QTE & Blind-deaths- Cutscenes QTE's that results in blind-death unless you press a buttonwithin 0.5 second(s).Controls & Animations-  The controls feel unresponsive due to long recovery animations.Sadly enough , bad camera, QTE, blind deaths and awkward models scaling that prevents you from getting visual feedback are game breaking elements, Try to avoid it and don't buy into the hype, (Watch it on youtube, its more fun).TL:DR - There is much eye-candy into it , and i can understand the appeal, it looks/sounds awesome, but a game... i wouldn't even call it that, should have been a movie, I am skeptical if the people who made this ever played a video game before, gameplay wise, everything is wrong,Its beyond redemption, I must say, its one of the worst games i have yet to play to date."
,Recommended,460790,31080490,Posted: 11 April,all,Nod,Finally (_I_)
76561198117631981,Not Recommended,460790,31191396,Posted: 16 April,all,Tehtiny,"A freaking AMAZING game riddled with optimization issues, the game dips to less than 20 FPS after the prologue (which I ran everything on Max) and even trying to lower the res to 720p did not help at the very slightest.if they ever patch this, then this game is a MUST purchase...I will give this game a recommendation despite it not working well on my PC, games like this deserve all the love and a couple of patches can fix itEdit: the game also has some FPS problems the longer you play.but aside from I wish there was a neutral review but the only reason I put it as negative is so the devs can easily read it.I will not refund the game and I hope for a future patch.ps: BRING VANQUISH TO PC!!"
76561198017062214,Not Recommended,460790,32754200,Posted: 24 June,all,Blakey,Constantly crashes which makes it almost unplayable unless you are lucky enough to get to the next checkpoint before you crash. In it's current state I'll have to recommend against getting this game. But if they work on making it a functional port then I would change my review in the future.
76561198127232453,Not Recommended,460790,31736294,Posted: 13 May,all,TheArtyD,I decided to pick up Bayonetta for PC after hearing that it had a great port. While the opening ran perfectly at 1080p 60fps the cutscenes ran at 2fps and the rest of the game runs at 15fps with severe stuttering. I've been seeing that a lot of people have the same problem but there is no fix yet.  I hope this issue doesnt get ignored because it works fine for most people. I'll gladly recommend this game once this problem is fixed.EDIT: After looking around some more I found that the issue could be fixed by downloading some files from a cracked version of the game and putting them in the games folder.This video was very helpful -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFxwzISZ8ac&ab_channel=Nurd365I'm keeping the review negative until this is fixed officially.
,Not Recommended,460790,33702575,Posted: 21 July,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I want to enjoy this game as much as I can, the humor, the characters, the story and this awesome soundtrack but the actual game play makes it really hard.. Don't get me wrong, I like challanging games like Monster Hunter or Dark Souls and first Bayonetta's combat feels similar, but then I slowly saw it's huge downsides.1. The camera controls are abismal, way to slow for the fast combat and the lock on system isn't helping at all.2. Walking around feels like walking around in FFX (realy outdatet) and the platforming sections are just stupid. Jump on a platform without knowing where you will land, because you have no shadow.. yea f u too.3. There is not much healing and you have to spare it for situations you realy don't want to die (mostly so you don't have to play an annoying section again) so this means do it or die. Starting a tough fight wit 1/4 of your health? Yea well you can just suicide to try again fully healed .. Just doesn't feel good.4. You often get damaged within or right after cutscenes wich makes the 'no healing' point even more annoying.5. Witchtime is a nice system to get in some free hits after you doged perfectly timed.. Only until you realize that this is almost your only way to deal damage to foes in multi enemy encounters and then for some fights you just can't enter Witchtime (so far haven't seen any explanation) wich makes these fights just a boring waiting game until the enemys seperate.But the one thing the game shines for me is when it comes to bossfights, even better soundtrack, dodge and counter attack till their dead and then wreck them in climax mode. This just feels amazing.I'm not sure how to rate it and as I said, want to enjoy it but gamplay is still the main part of a game (duh) and Bayonetta's gamplay feels weak so i guess I can't realy recomend it."
76561198007105105,Not Recommended,460790,31733832,Posted: 13 May,all,cep21,Was really fun till half way thru.  Now loading my save just crashes to windows :(
76561198013588050,Not Recommended,460790,31370326,Posted: 25 April,all,asinop,"everyone listed the positive parts of this game, I will list some negative parts, which would have been a deal breaker for me had I known them in advance:- The campaign is very short (13 hours). Unless you love playing the same segments over and over again to achieve some higher score, the game has no replay value.- Too many qtes (whatever amout you guess, double it). Even in the middle of a boss fight, the game might suddenly shift qte without rhyme or reason. Sparsity of checkpoints during boss fights (they tend to be lengthy) means you might have to retry the same boss fight many times.- A camera that actively works against you. Expect sudden shifts and rotations from the camera especially during the segments where it matters (such as platforming parts). For e.g. when you are being chased by something (lava, boss, ...), the camera loves to suddenly rotate and view you from the front, instead of something sensible like viewing where you go."
76561198000096248,Not Recommended,460790,31203487,Posted: 17 April,all,KeV,"I'm sad to give this amazing game a negative review. The game itself is great, but the port is hit or miss for some and it should be addressed.When i heard about the game being announced, i bought it straight away, since i never got the chance to play it (only watched a friend play it on his console before). Today i got around to0 starting it up and....the framerate at this time is a huge issue. I couldn't even finish the prologue. While the cutscenes were alright, the gameplay slowed to a crawl and the last cutscene of the prologue turned into a dia show. Abysmally slow.I tried a fix by adding files from the....not so official version, but to no avail. Then i started in offline mode, since that is said to improve FPS a bit. While it got a bit better, it was still way under 60 fps/smooth gameplay.At this point i had to go for a refund, as sad as that was. I want more ports on PC and i would love to support Platinum in their approach of bringing more games to ""our"" platform. But not like this.In the end these issues aren't experienced by all of the players, hence the ""very positive"" rating here, but if you check the steam community forums you'll find more issues with the game.I will keep watch on if the game will be fixed and then i'll delete this review, but for now it's a negative.EDIT: Before people ask for my specs and if i have an AMD processor, here they are:I7 6700kGTX 97016 GB RamWindows 7"
76561198026942544,Not Recommended,460790,33662830,Posted: 19 July,all,lordofsoup,"I really like hack and slash games and want to like bayonetta, but the camera is horrible, you get cheap deaths in cutscenes that really affect your score, and too often you get hit instantly on exiting a cut scene.  Obviously none of these issues are going to be fixed because it is a port of an old game, but its still incredibly frustrating to deal with.  I get that the camera is designed to work with a controller, but I didnt see any improvement when I used one.  Also its really easy to accidently save over your check point, so save often.  Game isnt worth 14 or 20 bucks.  It will be worth it when its 5 in a couple of years."
76561198316630618,Not Recommended,460790,33026017,Posted: 29 June,all,Sullivansis,the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera and crappy checkpoint are ruining this cool game.
76561198118305680,Not Recommended,460790,32800818,Posted: 25 June,all,s.bucher2,camera movement and character movement are very poorly coordinated.Very difficult to view action from the correct angle
76561198003201542,Recommended,460790,31080120,Posted: 11 April,all,AssPained,[X] ♥♥♥♥♥♥S[X]♥♥♥♥♥[X] BEST ACTION GAME EVER[X] PCIt's Bayonetta on PC!!!!!BUY IT NOW!
,Not Recommended,460790,31201172,Posted: 17 April,all,phin3asgag3,"If you have an AMD processor, don't bother getting this game. You'll only end up with etremely shaky, bad fps even on the lowest settings. If they update the game I'd totally play it again."
,Not Recommended,460790,31209081,Posted: 17 April,all,RenoSkeptix,Dudes... No. This game may be fun but I'm seeing a small window to get a response from the devs for a patch to fix the issues in this PC version.If you played this game on XBOX360 then cool... there's only a few benefits for getting this game on PC1: It's on PC and looks (when it's running properly) pretty.2: Use of the Steam controller or turbo functioning controller to get through Ch 14 (Missle Riding Arcade shooter)3: HiRez booty4: NostalgiaThis game is fun but .... x.x There are a lot of times this game won't run smoothly. (I want a legit version)Maybe I jumped the gun on getting this the first day it came out.Please tell me the only way to play this game well isn't just on XBOX360T_T(Edit: I have and AMD Processor... *sigh*)
,Not Recommended,460790,31215023,Posted: 18 April,all,biggie,"don't buy it until they fix the stuttering framerate, can't save a game and autosave is a lie.EDIT: messed around with the subtitles and audio options and seemed to fix the stuttering.Stillcan't save between chapters and don't see any signs of auto saving anywhere."
76561198054646614,Not Recommended,460790,31382568,Posted: 26 April,all,FRENETICO!!!!!,"Bayonetta is a unique game, but i didn't quite like it probably because it isn't my type of game and some reviews are overhyped fans of the game that forget that people who never played this game before will play it.Like I said before, it's a very unique hack and slash. If you are looking similar to Nier Automata, don't look here. Maybe if you like it Devil May Cry series you'll like this game.In my opinion the story and characters are unninteresting, the game makes you generate little to no connection to them. So if you are looking for a great story, not here.Combat is quite frenetic with many moves and if you are looking for a challange (especially at higher difficulties), then this game is for you.This is a good port, with some minor bugs: I had some major FPS drops in the same part of certain cutscenes while the rest of the game i could run 60 FPS (even lowering settings didn't prevented FPS loss) and during cutscenes a small windows appears on the top left showing the same scene is currently being rendered"
76561198019024312,Not Recommended,460790,31369053,Posted: 25 April,all,InterHobo,"First (and probably last) review I've ever written for a game, and I'm writing after uninstalling the game in question.Bayonetta is a schizophrenic, glorious, unplayable mess.The game's enemies are lovinly designed, with lots of cunning details revealed as they take damage and go from menacing but angelic baddies to revolting, chthonic monsters. When you're fighting regular groups of bad guys, the gameplay feels like 90% of a perfect game - Bayonetta's dizzying array of combo moves lets you easily slip into your own playstyles, and the game clearly delights in disrupting your favorite tactics with a vast menagerie of enemies whose special abilities, armor, attacks, and teamwork will challenge you to find new strategies to beat them.The camera is occasionally spastic, fibrillating unpredictably when you're near a wall or corner at times while at other times holding steady. Annoying, but you want to forgive it due to the game's age and the immersion of regular combat.The story is almost always a campy, overly generic send-up of too-serious action games where The Fate of The Universe rests on your shoulders, as The Promised Child who was born of Forbidden Love between Light and Dark. Nearly every cutscene is a great mix of story progression and clever, wink-at-the-audience snipes, bawdy jokes, and anime-style doubletakes. Certain characters are relentlessly serious, however (Jeanne in particular), and you're unpredictably yanked out of the fun MST3k-style atmosphere and slapped around by a story bit that clearly wants to be serious, but you can't take it seriously because you're still chuckling over Bayonetta's last one-liner.But the game falls apart completely during the boss fights.Each boss fight (and some viciously hard encounters like Gracious and Glorious) shatter your enjoyment. The camera swings wildly when you're leaping and dodging, or zooms out ludicrously far when you're fighting gigantic enemies. The boss fights are a mix of repetitive dodge-and-dash challenges and stupidly difficult straight-on brawls with enemies that are faster and far tougher than you.In particular, recurring buzzkill Jeanne is a nightmare to fight in later chapters. She is smaller than any other boss, every bit as fast as Bayonetta, capable of chaining together brutal combos you can't break out of as they devour great chunks of your health, and blasts out super-attacks (wicked weaves) with only a split-second of warning. I stopped playing at chapter 14 after two days of being completely unable to beat her in a tortuously long, multi-section fight that takes at least half an hour.Gigantic bosses have fast, devastating melee attacks you cannot accurately dodge because the game's 3d structure and bad camera angles don't let you get a good guage of how close to let them get before dodging in order to get a 3-second window of super-speed called 'witch time' which is critical to building your long, devastating combos.Some enemies have stupidly powerful laser attacks which do great damage and stun Bayonetta, which they tend to fire in overlapping salvos to maximize chances of hitting you - always followed up with swarms of attacks to catch you at your weakest.Overall, it feels like I'm playing 3 games at once. A dumb, dull, repetitive dodging sim has been mashed together with a fun and gleefully funny action game that wants you to smash baddies and tropes in equal measure, and both of these were chained to a sadistic, Gaiden-Razor's-Edge-hard melee game which demands bleeding-eye attention to detail and hair-trigger reaction times in order to scrape past.Finally, the game is chock-full of super-items (accessories) which, when equipped, give you special abilities to make the game easier. But each one is behind an extremely high paywall which will force you to grind through each level multiple times with careful attention to your save files in order to chain together enough high-ranking performances to afford even one.So yeah, the game is too hard. It's one of those sad fighters that wanted to find the Dark Souls edge between vicious difficulty and addictively fun gameplay, and shot way past the mark.Someone really dedicated and obsessed could beat this game, and probably enjoy it too. But it's simply not worth the hours of being smeared across the floor again, and again, and again, and again, to do it."
76561198048845654,Not Recommended,460790,31223835,Posted: 18 April,all,Fwompstomp,"I never picked up this game on my xbox when it came out, but was glad to see a release for it on Steam. I don't have the best rig, but I can run Overwatch on the highest settings, and stream it without issues. Bayonetta doesn't need nearly as much power and i get ridiculous frame drops and stuttering even when playing on a lower resolution and low graphics settings. Game seems awesome, but I can't get past this. I'm going to wait for awhile and hopefully it will be fixed, but for now it's just a terribly optimized mess."
,Not Recommended,460790,31122024,Posted: 13 April,all,Not a Timelord,"I'd love to recommend this game to everyone...if it would run with more than a quarter of a frame per second. This seems to be a problem mostly for AMD CPUs, but a few Inetl users have reported the same issues - once the prologue is over and the game starts proper, your frames will drop so hard they'll shatter through the earth's crust and plummet right into its fiery core.It's a great game, but not in its current state."
76561198225180368,Not Recommended,460790,34269013,Posted: 15 August,all,yangnw,"Combat is way too repetitive, it's fun for 2 hours max. 2/5"
,Not Recommended,460790,33471198,Posted: 11 July,all,Al Djeafnte,"80% port, it'll arbitrarily set all settings to off and lowest (sounds off, subtitles off, camera speed min, lowest graphical, lowest resolution, etc)Game is... no idea what the hype is about.It feels dated and mediocre.  Tons of ♥♥♥♥ing ""gotcha"" deaths, everywhere.  Enemies have attacks that have no clear telegraph, or the hit box is extremely large.Combat feels only marginally responsive, and non deterministic.  Dodging the same attack in the same way can result in just timing, dodge, or getting hit.  You'll be punished for doing anything other than counter attacking a lot of the time.Camera is almost nonresponsive after setting the controls and changing the game.  Even the ""reset camera"" stops working.Unless spectacle fighters are your very specific jam, I'd avoid this.  This is one of the worst feeling games I've ever played.  It LOOKS cool, but the clarity of where I can go, what is intended, how I'm supposed to do anything, effects not happening consistently, I have no concept how this is such a popular game and have to assume the steam port is actually really bad."
,Not Recommended,460790,33012365,Posted: 29 June,all,Zwin,Crashed multiple times even when the game wanted to run it had a horrid fps 10-15 with fraps
,Not Recommended,460790,31209427,Posted: 17 April,all,"3bx #On""Vacation""","I love the Bayonetta series. The music, the freedom of the character design, the combat and the level design. However after finishing this game, I honestly cannotrecommend for a friend to play Bayonetta unless they want to experience the game for the story/music/gameplay.I've played games in the God of War and Devil May Cry series, and this is by far more difficult. I'm not sure if it's because the game transitioned from 30 fps to 60 fps, but it sure as hell is harder to time things such as witch time dodges.Camera angles are god awful.Seriouesly, I can not stand these garbage camera angles. Especially when I go into combat. It's constantly moving around on it's own, angled at really terrible angles so that I can't watch as much as possible. Next thing I know, I'm getting attacked by enemies from out of my camera view because I can't do a damn thing to see them while attacking another enemy. Trying to change the camera using the right-stick also does nothing as the camera simple snaps back into it's predetermined place immediately after I let go.QTE will come out of nowhere.This was a huge gripe for me. I never knew until after my first death that there was going to be a life or death QTE event during a cinematic. It lead to many deaths that I had no control over because the timing available to press these buttons wasn't very large.Button mashing is stupid.Seriously, button mashing is a terrible mechanic. People can make scripts and have turbo-controllers that can by-pass this. Not only that, but even avid gamers can have trouble reaching MAX unless you know beforehand what key you need to mash. It would have been better to implement single button presses in a pattern(randomized?) you follow, rather than mindlessly trying to smash one button.Lots and LOTS of cinematic time.I love well done story and lore, I don't mind sitting through cinematics. However, this game really takes it over the top and I would not be surprised if 1/10th of game time was sitting through cinematics. Sure you can skip them, but the system to skip them is really clunky, and you miss out on A LOT of story. The cinematics can be between 2 - 5 minutes long.The farther you get, the less things trigger Witch Time.This is a core mechanic of the game, but yet you will find many times as you progress that less and less attacks from enemies, and even certain enemies in general,will nottrigger Witch Time.If you can get past the above, then feel free to buy. Otherwise I honestly can't recommend due to the frustration you might experience."
76561198086386786,Not Recommended,460790,31211764,Posted: 17 April,all,lumberjackgatorthc,Although this game is really fun on the xbox 360. The frame rate issues on the steam version are unexceptable. And should be fixed immediately.
,Not Recommended,460790,32331658,Posted: 10 June,all,Fusion Zamasu,"Bayonetta.exe has stopped working.FX-8350  4.0 GHz16GB DDR3R9-390X 8GThis is all I get now after I passed 3 hours of play, can't start a new game, can't continue, all files verified, game is broke.NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198018620608,Not Recommended,460790,32289127,Posted: 9 June,all,wertzuiop,"The game is okay, it's neither good nor too bad.Pro:- Many combos (although not really needed, except the Bat skill which pretty much increases your dodge frames)- Many weapons- Lot of different enemies- Music is okay- Witch time in battles is pretty useful cause it gives you time to think about your next moves- The finishing moves against bosses are pretty coolCon:- Too many cutscenes, half of them are just a slide show of pictures instead of a real video. It feels wrong. It is quite annoying if you replay missions and always have to press start, down, A, left, A to skip the scenes. 30 seconds later you have to do it again and again and again...- The enemies are too flashy/shiny, I cannot really differentiate between attacks and normal behaviour.- On your first playthrough you may think that some battles are pretty cool, like fighting on a wall or on a flying object, but if you want to play this game seriously these kind of battle locations are too distracting and the camera sucks at focusing on your enemies during these battles.- Everything that happens is just so random, I know the game wants to be as random as possible, but it did not appeal to me. I could not care less about the strange characters or weird locations in the game.- The story was not told in a good way, I think I got it in the end but some things are really strange. (e.g. at the beginning you fight some kind of tutorial battle while some off speaker tells you what happened in the past, which is important. I understood NOTHING during the battle because the battle sounds were way too loud and I was focusing on the battle and not the talking. Further constant flashbacks of the same scenario of the past again and again did not clear things up for me. It was kind of useless.)- I thought the game was funny but I was never laughing about anything. Boring jokes and smack talking.- Too many QTEs (some are extremely unfair for the first playthrough, because you have no time to react to them, there is just not enough time if you do not know that the QTE will appear. At one point I was even expecting a QTE and it appeared on my screen for like 0.3 seconds. No chance to get this done)- The magic bar was never really explained, I do not know what moves/witch time actions are draining it- New available skills are kind of useless, button mashing between Y and B (XBOX controller) will do the trick, even for ""Pure Platinum"" victories.- A lot of boss battles were always the same. Some huge, random boss is attacking you, you dodge the attack to trigger witch time, then you start attacking the boss for a few seconds until the slow motion stops. Repeat process...- There are some missions that are played like a rail gun shooter. Again boring as hell.I had high expectations for this game, because a lot of people love it, but I think it is just boring because I felt nothing for the characters and the button mashing was tedious. I compared it to DMC 4 and in comparison this game is the worse choice."
,Not Recommended,460790,32172881,Posted: 4 June,all,Ext3rmin4tor,"I bought this game expecting an awesome porting like for Castlevania: Lords of Shadows. The game itself is interesting, but the problems I encountered overcame the good things. The following are the resons for which I do not recommend this game:1. If you remap the keys when playing with keyboard/mouse then some vehicles do not work properyl or the pop-up suggestions for the interactive cinematics are wrong or do not work. The only way to go through them is to plug in a controller. This is bad because the most widespread control method on pc is keyboard+mouse.2. The balance of the difficulty levels is ridiculous: on easy everything is automatic and you start with all the health upgrades and moves unlocked, to the point that you just need to click with the mouse to get through all the enemies. The normal level becomes very hard. This gap between difficulty levels should not be there.3. The performance is bad. Really bad. Considering this is a game from 2009. I have a GTX970 and sometimes the stuttering makes the game almost unplayable.4. The plot is ok but not excellent."
,Not Recommended,460790,31801462,Posted: 17 May,all,Pekar,I would like to give it a review but I can't even start the game.Edit: I only had to buy a SSD and delete my whole HDD. After Prologue low FPS and had to fix this.
,Not Recommended,460790,34350157,Posted: 19 August,all,crowbar,"I played Metal Gear Rising, Vanquish, Nier Automata and Bayonetta. From all these Bayonetta is EASILY the worst game. I have no idea why people act like this is the best the spectacle fighter genre has to offer. Don't get me wrong. The game is not bad, but it really is not worth playing if you ask me unless you really need more of this. Even DmC from Ninja Theory is better. Metal Gear Rising has way cooler enemies and WAY cooler bosses and boss fights which have really cool characters and all are tied to the story, and the story itself while stupid isn't bad. Bayonetta's bosses are all just huge monster things that all look the same and most bosses are so bad where you stand on a platform and you can only attack the boss when it punches you and the fist stays on the platform for a few seconds. I hate these kind of bossfights, because it completely defeats the point of having a boss that is so huge. If there were just a few of these it would have been fine. On the other the Metal Gear Ray bossfight in Rising is so awesome and dynamic.Also the game has a million combos, but all of them are completely pointless. The only reason to use different combos is because the scoring system forces you to do so, not because they are actually mechanically different. There are just like 3 or 4 combos you really need. One for movement, one for AoE maybe and one or two more. All other fill the same roles.DmC has lots of different ATTACKS instead of COMBOS, but you do the combos YOURSELF by stringing together the attacks however you want. Vanquish is better because its not just the best third person shooter ever made, it also has a solid story that is not completely stupid. Its also a very compact game. Bayonetta is filled with really stupid, boring and pointless moements. There is a section in the game where it turn into a bullet hell shooter, but the execution is so ♥♥♥♥ing awful. There is a driving section, but again, execution is just laughable, and it goes on for really long too.I gave this game way too many chances now because it gets so much praise, but in the end I always have to force myself to continue playing."
76561197992616238,Not Recommended,460790,31282655,Posted: 21 April,all,Sloppy Seconds,"Bought Bayonetta to play it at 1080p60fps, game barely musters 10-15 FPS on lowest possible settings -- even at its worse the PS3 port was never this bad."
,Not Recommended,460790,31857012,Posted: 20 May,all,uncolober,"EDIT:Just as they said, my second time through the game, this time on Hard, was much more entertaining.+ Brilliant combat mechanics.+ Lovable aesthetics.+ Clearly the thing is a labour of love. It's meticulously put together, and nothing is accidental.~ Enemies often attackimmediatelyafter the end of cutscenes. Obviously not a bug but a feature, but it only works when you don't skip the forever-dragging cutscenes.- Cutscenes are dumb, long and interrupt even the ♥♥♥♥ing boss battles. Sometimes there are 2-3 nonsensical cutscenes per boss battle.- More QTEs than in a ♥♥♥♥ing Uncharted game.- Minigames are idiotic, long and often broken (e.g. the bike part).- Platforming is on par with Sonic 2006. I wish I was exaggerating or kidding.Verdict: DMC this isn't and God Hand this isn't."
76561198003987457,Not Recommended,460790,31304469,Posted: 22 April,all,Paladin Leeroy,"Game runs slower than a slug, terrible shaky camera in second stage makes it immposible to finish it ."
76561197988935391,Not Recommended,460790,32745158,Posted: 24 June,all,Steew,"I had issues with ""invisible lines"" everywhere, I guess it was screen tearing? My monitor is 144Hz, I don't know if that's a issue (It really shouldn't be..). The options didn't do what I told them, say I turned on substibles, no subtitles. Everytime I turned the game on my option settings would be all. No sound, no Vsyns, no HDR etc. Would have to turn them all back on again.Shame, I really looked forward to playing this. Hopefully someone else can manage without all these issues."
,Not Recommended,460790,31236166,Posted: 19 April,all,deep0x20,"Awful port, missing UI, can't remap contoller key bindings. subtitles not appearing when they should. I also wouldn't recomend trying to fix any bugs that come if you are new to the game like me as people are posting spoilers all over the place."
,Recommended,460790,31082411,Posted: 11 April,all,imp_ct,Persona sucks
76561198176407386,Not Recommended,460790,31961187,Posted: 25 May,all,FREE1UP,"I can't even get past the prologue without the game freezing or the screen going black or white.  Sometimes I don't even get TO the prologue without those things happening first.  And I have a pretty good rig that runs every other game well.  In the little time that I actually get to play prologue (the falling battle) I get screen tear and lots of framedrops, then it would just freeze.  I've tried all kinds of graphics settings and tweaking but I've gotten the same results.The entire 1 hour that I've spent playing has just been a process of trial and error, including today.  That's it.  I'd love to review this game but I'd actually have to be able to play it first.  I'm really contemplating getting a refund or just not turning it on again  until a patch is announced that fixes the issue."
,Not Recommended,460790,31163842,Posted: 15 April,all,Prince Harming,"I absolutely LOVE Bayonetta but pass on this version. My PC is more than capable of handling this game on max settings but the game runs terribly and is unplayable. After the prologue the game studders and skips in both cutscenes and in game.  I've tried all the fixes out there, but none of them seem to work for me. NO one can get a solid answer as to why this is happening or how to fix it. Buy with caution and hopefully your rig is blessed and it will run it. If it ever gets fixed I would highly recommend this game because it's one of my absolute favorites of all time but this port is garbage."
76561198035387508,Not Recommended,460790,32697254,Posted: 23 June,all,Ragnaros the Firelord,"So you're probably combing through the reviews for this game thinking ""This sounds fun!  I'm gonna buy it!"".  Well, don't.  I'll preface this with saying ""This game is fun"".  Unfortunately the PC port is garbage and is still in need of a lot of tweeks to fix the game-breaking bugs.I have 2 hours of game time and its crashed twice on me.  The first was when the video cut out and I had to restart a chapter, the second was when it froze, forcing a restart.Then there's a bug that I stopped playing at.  I had to fight a horde of enemies and their weapon models stopped displaying., making it impossible to telegraph attacks properly and dodge.Save your money and wait until this game becomes functional."
76561198001042009,Not Recommended,460790,32737192,Posted: 24 June,all,The Kim in the North,Great game and would have been worthy of a repurchase if not for constant crashes and other issues.
,Not Recommended,460790,31703154,Posted: 12 May,all,Chickenjax-,"In My Opinion,this game is very boring and very repetitive.Sometimes it is also very frustrating to play ESPECIALLY when trying  to beat some of the bosses.It sometimes feels unfair and overall unpleasant to play.I didn't finish it and I do not intend to finish it because of these reasons."
76561198004811351,Not Recommended,460790,31299303,Posted: 22 April,all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Bayonetta is a third person “character action” game in the vein of Devil May Cry. Focusing on spectacle and style akin to an anime, you are constantly subjected to ADHD shifts in gameplay, jump cuts, and over the top escalations of stakes. The bombast and variety keep things from getting boring, but there is so much cringe here it makes me want to puke.I can't help but feel this is the third or forth game in a series that is past it's prime, run out of ideas, and is simultaneously paying heavy fan service to a fanbase that doesn't (didn't...) exist and trying way too hard in every other conceivable way. There's a focus on Bayonetta and the cast of rejected cartoon characters that surround her, and they're all terrible. Bayonetta herself is leggy witch of some kind who conjures powers from her hair, which causes her to lose her clothes (also made out of her hair.) She's part posh British librarian, part hyper sexualized dominatrix. If that sounds cool (or hot)... nah. Any “adult” aspect suggested by her is so juvenile and superliminal you can't take it seriously. The innuendo comes down to, “Let's ♥♥♥♥.” and the answer is “No thanks.”. It doesn't help that the supporting cast she's surrounded by; “cool” Blaxpoiltation dude, fat loudmouth Italian guy, metrosexual goofy ladies' man, and annoying little girl should all be D list background characters in another game. Here they're slapstick archetypes, or rejected action figures from the '90s.The nonsensical/poorly translated story about angels and demons, alternate dimensions, time travel, left and right magical eyes, and familial betrayal that ends up in outer space is utterly incomprehensible. I could take the anime stupidity in stride if it was presented well, but the numerous cutscenes seem like they weren't even finished. Randomly switching from traditional CG to motion comic with voice over and a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥movie reel filter is jarring. It's a poor trick to try to hide a lack of a budget with “style”.The saving grace of Bayonetta is the core brawling mechanics. When you are on foot kicking, shooting, and juggling the crap out of various angelic monsters the game is solid. Dodging attacks at the last second activates a slow motion Witch Time, which when combined with your unlockable combos and several weapon/gun combinations can produce an enjoyable combat flow and is visually appeasing. Chaining attacks while avoiding damage builds up a magic meter which can be spent on special moves or bloody finishers that award you with more currency depending on how quickly you can mash buttons during mini-QTEs. While there are some cheap hits and camera issues, it's an entirely competent fighting system.Unfortunately, those bright spots are few and far between. Not only does the game break up the combat into super small arenas where you fight a dozen enemies at a time if you're lucky, but the majority of Bayonetta is spent doing other activities. From bad motorcycle levels to finicky platforming to light gun bonus stages to a Space Harrier clone, if you don't like what you're doing in Bayonetta just wait a few minutes. Then you'll be doing something much worse. Half of the time you won't know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on to begin with. Variety can be a great asset; random garbage is just random garbage.The game also has a tendency to want to stop you from playing at any given chance. Aside from the ever looming threat of cinemas, pick up an item for the first time and the game will stop, giving you a description of what it is. That's fine... but there are A LOT of items, and to use them you have to enter a poorly designed submenu and concoct other items in a confusing minigame for some reason. Other collectibles are scattered around the levels as well, but I've never lost interest in collecting them so fast as I did here. Books are available to read up on the history of the witch versus sage battle, but the text is full of typos and doesn't make sense, so it just adds to the confusion.Technically Bayonetta on PC is a very good port of an almost decade old game; it runs smoothly at 4K resolution with almost zero load time, and there's plenty of graphical and HUD options to mess around with. I wouldn't say the problem here is the game has aged poorly; it was never good even when it originally released."
76561197971861210,Not Recommended,460790,33747601,Posted: 23 July,all,Nudelsuppe,"Typical spectacle fighter with craziness and nice combat. However, some enemies are just pure cancer and have either no attack indications or its waaay to short to react properly in the heat of combat. I'm not good at this kind of game, so if you're not playing these regularly, you will probably die all.the.time. as well. Also, you will get instantly hit at many boss encounters after the cutscene which can take away up to 25% HP at once. If you forget to evade INSTANTLY after the cutscenes end, you will get hit. Hate it."
,Not Recommended,460790,31122924,Posted: 13 April,all,the Darkest Road,"I only have two hours into this wonderful game. I own it for Wii U, and obviously PC, but I haven't gotten around to playing it on the Wii U. Once the game hit PC I knew I had to have it because what better platform to play it on?Over two and a half into the game, I'm loving it! I got to a part where I zone into a new area for some satisfying combat only when the combat was about to end, the game crashed. No big deal, I'll just restart and play. Nope. Everytime I load into the game, right after the loading/pratice screen, the game immediately crashes to desktop. I have repeated this several times with no success and I am unable to play the game. I even tried verifying the file integrity. The next step is to reboot my pc, and if that doesn't work then I'll try and reinstall it.Oh, and some other minor issues with it is that the audio is weird at times where some peoples voices are a whisper but other times it's perfect."
76561197974798460,Not Recommended,460790,31089792,Posted: 11 April,all,Misfit,"has a bug with amd cpu, intro level work fine but it get unplayable at chapter 1.thumps down until a hotfix is out.dont buy if you have an amd cpu."
,Not Recommended,460790,31117019,Posted: 13 April,all,✪ Punky♡,Game suffers from terrible frame issues
,Not Recommended,460790,31129160,Posted: 13 April,all,MegaloPeriwinkle,"I LOVE this game, however there's a few game breaking bugs. Mostly with the cutscenes, for some reason this game freezes during the start of cutsenes and during battle at random. I'd really like a patch for this. I'm in love with this game and I'm not sure if its just me, but it has to be fixed."
76561198170129530,Not Recommended,460790,31189223,Posted: 16 April,all,reecerzx,this game seemed fun but it runs bad. I had the specs for is and more but i got bad frame rate among other things.
76561198021774673,Not Recommended,460790,31165197,Posted: 15 April,all,Msoulwing,"While the base combat of this title is extremely well done, the game is also filled with awful instant-death moments, both as part of platforming and fights, usually in the form of a sudden QTE.I have also experienced several encounters where attacks hit me immediately after a cutscene ends, making it nigh impossible to dodge.Basically, the game requires you to know what's gonna happen beforehand, and punishes you with death(which impacts your rewards) if you don't.Get this if you like your fun gated by frustration, but as far as Platinum games go, I'd recommend getting Metal Gear Rising or Nier Automata instead."
,Not Recommended,460790,31117551,Posted: 13 April,all,「Pierre Nodoyuna VI」,"The game is a beautifully crafted treasure, but the port is painfully broken for me.It keeps freezing till the point I need to CTRL+ALT+SUPR, and also, random body textures go all-black sometimes.I don't mind the texture issue so much, cause it's just annoying, but the game continuosly freezing makes this unplayable.Mine seems to be a punctual case, cause other people are reviewing the port as excelent, which pains me even more.Specs:AMD Radeon (TM) R9 390 Series.Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4590 CPU @ 3.30GH.Windows 10 (64 bit).16 GB RAM."
76561198297952547,Not Recommended,460790,34917334,Posted: 13 September,all,Inshushinak,"in CHAPTER VIIIkeyboard , mouse or joystick (Each controller device) are disable and I cant control boynetta !I contacted the support for several times, but they could not help me and solve my problem .FAAK  THIS GAME :)"
,Not Recommended,460790,31170415,Posted: 15 April,all,SgtArmyofOne ⛦,"I've been wanting to play this game ever since I watched my friends play it on their 360, so having to thumbs down this isn't done lightly.I don't have the best of luck when it comes to Steam games, but the problems I'm running into seem worryingly common throughout the discussion boards. I was able to play the game for a solid three hours without a blip of a problem. Now, I'm lucky if I get five minutes into it before crashing. I should point out that it isn't happening with *everyone*; but as of right now, the game is unplayable for myself. This problem has been coming about with the game being on its lowest resolution, lowest graphic ability, and in windowed mode. Attempting to play it in any other format would cause it to freeze up before I left the main menu.The few hours that I did manage to get into, though? It was flawless, gorgeous, and fun. I could hook up my PS4 controller and seamlessly switch to that with no complaints of lag.Until (if) this problem is patched or fixed somehow, I can't really recommend this game. I'll definitely change my rating if it's improved."
,Not Recommended,460790,31159726,Posted: 15 April,all,Skye,"After the Prologue it causes an Issue where it would just freeze on the Loading Screen, no matter what Settings i had, sadly refunding this (usually) good Game, will re-buy and edit this Review when i see this Issue resolved"
,Not Recommended,460790,31089701,Posted: 11 April,all,Sir Twaddles,"as of 4/11/2017, the game experiences SEVERE stuttering after the prologue for many people with AMD CPU's and some with intel CPU's."
,Not Recommended,460790,33242661,Posted: 4 July,all,Kosm,"I was really looking forward to play this game, sadly performance issues make this game unplayable for me."
76561198027626890,Not Recommended,460790,33543564,Posted: 14 July,all,Joe Momma,"It's a good port of a mediocre old game that aged badly.Part of the reason is that I couldn't stomach the main character. I'm all for the ""sexy chick in an outfit made out of her own hair so really she's always naked"" thing, but Bayonetta looks like a deformed barbie doll. And then the fact that the game throws you head-first into action without explaining much - the ""3 torture attacks"" thing comes to mind as an early example.Then there's the general chaos on the screen, and addled camera that makes said chaos even less digestible.Played it for a little over an hour and refunded.EDIT: Addon for the idiots: you forget I can delete your comments. BALEETED! LOL!"
76561197971071678,Not Recommended,460790,31160764,Posted: 15 April,all,zeitiger,"Game is running smooth, but rendered story parts stucks and freeze so it's impossible to follow. Sad"
76561198011639293,Not Recommended,460790,31706701,Posted: 12 May,all,sephy666,Did not work right on mine or my wife's PC. Jittery gameplay after the prologue and barely runs at 40FPS despite some people claiming it runs at 60FPS at 4K on half decent hardware. Awful port
76561198252191994,Not Recommended,460790,31337605,Posted: 24 April,all,xelnagaartifact,Dislike:- Quicktime button smashing which ruins cutscene enjoyment- Driving game in some chapters.  Didn't buy this to play driving game.- Annoying auto camera adjustment- Mini shooting gameLike:- Hot chraracter- Cute kid animation walk/run
76561198001804755,Not Recommended,460790,31206000,Posted: 17 April,all,Garuda,Counter rating- Too many positive ones.The Game starts good but they stretch the content in the second half. Tons of visuals and cutscenes / quicktime events that just repeats for hours.
,Not Recommended,460790,31199274,Posted: 17 April,all,HoomanSA8,MASSIVE NEGATIVEThe Devs don't even bother them selves to look on the forums or etcThis game won't be launched on many user's PC including me . This has to be fixed immediately .
76561198015520350,Not Recommended,460790,31101788,Posted: 12 April,all,The-Fifth-Column,I might have been doing something wrong but when I booted it there were no default Mouse and Keyboard controls. You can set manually though. Also suffering from extreme frame stutters even though fraps says its running at 60fps solid.
,Not Recommended,460790,31149019,Posted: 14 April,all,drunkaroos,"First off, I rarely write any reviews, but I figured this game is worth one.I personally did not enjoy my time with this game. The hours logged on my account are not accurate, I have actually played around 10 hours, or about half of the campaign.The gameplay is mostly blind button mashing as the camera is terrible, and the flow of combat is ruined by frequent QTE's. The story is vague and mostly found in notebooks or annoying flashback sequences.The port is a very good one though, as I never dropped below 60fps on max settings with my MSI R9 380 and i5 6600k."
,Not Recommended,460790,31170722,Posted: 15 April,all,LAW ︻デ═──,"Played breifly then refunded but why?Poor frame rates at times, cutscences had weird picture in picture bug and horrible frame rates at times.Basic system spec: AMD FX8350, 8GB Ram, R9 270x 3GBOtherwise controls were good and graphically similar to the original release on console."
76561197997966155,Not Recommended,460790,31148674,Posted: 14 April,all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,"Gorgeous game, a technical masterpiece.  The engine that this runs on .... (I believe also runs Devil May Cry, Castlevania Lord of Shadows etc) is awesome.  Sadly I just did not get into this game.   It rubbed me wrong with the female protagonist, the music, the fighting style.   Something along the lines if I just didn't really get into it.   But nothing wrong with the port here.. running smooth as silk maxed out in 4K and the game blows almost everything else out of the water in terms of how good it looks and runs.I just didn't like it.   DMC I really got into.. I liked the world, the character, the combat.. this to me was a bit meh.  Then again Im not into Anime stuff so I assume that has something to do with it.... But it should be known I won't disregard a game just because it is created in this style.. I just didn't like it didnt mesh with me."
76561198232979232,Not Recommended,460790,31149204,Posted: 14 April,all,Sidetrackx,"I am so sad cause i have been waiting years to play this and it lags soo bad that i can see the lag like an old movie reel, this runs like a turtle caught in bullet time by another turtle, im getting refund till fixed!"
76561198009505358,Not Recommended,460790,31307549,Posted: 22 April,all,ItsOnlyAGame,meh... Overrated.
76561198021872483,Not Recommended,460790,33896956,Posted: 29 July,all,Ackara,"One of the worst game I ever played.Seriously wondering how this game have such good reviews in steam is beyond me.The creator was in strip joint one day and had an idea of a game.A stripper who will wear leather/latex clothes and will be naked when using extra power. Every special move will require stripper dance and must add a pole because what is a stripper without a pole to dance with?Then lets twist it by making demons part of good and angels part of the bad. Take few already made monsters from previous games, add white color to them and here are your bad guys.Since the budget was all spent on studying the stripper, game will have few stages and will keep cycling it in different theme. lastly, let's add cheat cut scenes......alot of it. more than half of game on cut scene. It will make the game seem so much longer.And now you have the game ""Bayonetta""This game has no play value at all. Just a corny themed game with very crappy story. Don't waste your time on this."
,Not Recommended,460790,31107767,Posted: 12 April,all,Kragor,"Game is currently unplayable for me, and despite my specs being more than enough to play older and new games it runs at 5fps consistently. can't really recommend it as it is, but it is a great game. I'll remove/update this review once issues with the AMD FX series CPUs are fixed."
,Not Recommended,460790,31922763,Posted: 23 May,all,Woke™,"Highly skillbased game, and only really enjoyable if you put the time into learning things like 'offset'.I, however, did not feel compelled to invest this time into this old game and thus got stuck halfway through. Because sucking at the game only gets you so far. It isn't like Dark Souls where you can use multiple playstyles to get you through, if you can't use offset, you're screwed. It would be like if Dark Souls forced you to learn how to parry and riposte or you'd get stuck halfway through.Thus it was not an enjoyable experience for me, and this serves as a warning to players who are expecting it to be something else than it is. It's an older game, but it being just released on PC I'm thinking this won't be common knowledge."
,Not Recommended,460790,33914806,Posted: 30 July,all,Chaotic Entropy,"A clusterf%&k of noise and colour, written by a 12 year old."
,Not Recommended,460790,31149485,Posted: 14 April,all,drachen,"I've been gaming for 25+ years and this is the worst set of bugs I've ever seen in a game. I started up the game normally, played a bit and quit after i died at some point. When I reloaded the game, I had to restart it, as there was no save. OK, crappy, but I'll do it. Then there's no sound. I can't skip the cut scene or get to anything where I can check the sound, so I kill the game and check my system sound. It's fine. I go back into the game and go into sound options and everything's sent to 0. I fix the sound settings and restart tghe game. I watch the entire unskippable intro cut scene yet again. I get to the tutorial part and I can't do a damn thing. I kill the game and restart again and it's deleted EVERY SINGLE KEY BINDING. Movement, attack, change weapon, etc, everything is unbound.Don't buy this game until they address this nonsense."
,Not Recommended,460790,31658947,Posted: 9 May,all,Majeztyk,"Intel Core i5, 16gigs RAM, and 128 Gig SSD hard drive, with an Nvidia GTX 970 gpu.Dont know what all the rave is about, but I got the game.  Now that I did, I cant seem to play it.Because I get a ♥♥♥♥ing blank/white screen, and the only thing the I hear is the Audio.Game sucks, till they patch this ♥♥♥♥ing bug. Wont buy any more of their games till I hear good things on the forums."
76561197971025777,Not Recommended,460790,31919159,Posted: 23 May,all,jan_parsons,Not what I expected.
76561198052417309,Not Recommended,460790,33580442,Posted: 16 July,all,john.braeside,"There's no intelligence required to play - just a slash and burn, so not my type of game. Requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,460790,31455305,Posted: 29 April,all,LordLiquorich,Terrible port! This game loads so quickly compared to the console versions I can't even spend time practicing my combos any more!
76561197983752675,Not Recommended,460790,31087625,Posted: 11 April,all,MA.xhrl,"I do like Bayonetta and have been waiting eagerly for it`s release on PC, however now that it's finally out, I discover that it is unplayable.The prologue runs excellent but everything after that is pure stuttering. Cutscenes, fight scenes, you name it. Unplayable FPS.I've seen the discussion threads and am aware that many more players are having these issues.I'm pretty sure this is a trivial problem to solve and am awaiting a patch to fix it. Until then I will leave it on not recommended.UPDATE : Not sure what I did, but it seemed to work.Tried the following:- Updated windows 10 to creators update-Disabled VSYNC-Ran the game without internet connectionHowever, until I know for sure what caused the problem, or get an official statement from SEGA, can't recommend this port on PC."
76561198087229819,Not Recommended,460790,31094806,Posted: 12 April,all,alexcai1990,无论怎么设置帧数都在10-20，一开打直接掉到个位数，无法忍受，绝非个人电脑问题，优化让我这个昨天半夜爬起来买单下载的铁粉感觉跟吃了屎一样！
76561197988510453,Not Recommended,460790,31215005,Posted: 18 April,all,Sheep Lord,"I never played the game before this and I just have no idea how to word this.I have always heard good things about this game.  But this is just unimaginably bad and it's incomprehensible to me that anyone likes it.I have no performance issues, the game is just really bad.Terribly choreographed cutscenes, terrible voice acting.  Not that better actors would have made a difference, the writing is just horrible in the first place.  Every single line is a cheesy one liner except it has no meaning in context.  In the beginning of the game, the main character is fighting angels and says ""You look tired, why don't I tuck you in?"" as she fights them.  What the hell does that line have to do with the situation?  Everything about this game looks like it was conceptualized by a group of 9 year olds.The gameplay is terribly repetitive.  I looked at some youtube videos after my 0.8 hours of play to see if it got any better, and it doesn't.What is likeable about this game?  The gameplay is terrible, the story is terrible, what's all the fuss about?"
,Not Recommended,460790,31905075,Posted: 22 May,all,Chren,Just mindless button mashing.
76561198138129381,Not Recommended,460790,31100862,Posted: 12 April,all,Articue,If you're looking for a hack n slash game this is not what you're looking for.  I don't recommend this game if that is what you're looking for.
76561198347265479,Not Recommended,460790,31637962,Posted: 8 May,all,vinsonterry19,can i get a refund please
,Not Recommended,460790,31562997,Posted: 5 May,all,AngryKarl,"DAMN. TOO. MANY. CUTSCENES......which are trying to look so coool but are so cheesy instead.I used to envy PS3 guys for having Bayonetta, so I've bought it on the first day of PC release.It disappointed me on many levels."
76561198015106281,Not Recommended,460790,32738783,Posted: 24 June,all,__theClaw();,A disgrace to PC ports. Good luck trying to make this at least run.
,Not Recommended,460790,32756300,Posted: 24 June,all,Rosemon,"Mindless hack n slash, extremely boring"
76561197991657927,Not Recommended,460790,32656214,Posted: 22 June,all,MrMuse,"Well judging by all the rave reviews you would think this game would be an awesomely well optimised hack and slash. It isn't. The graphics, HD or not, show their age and the controls aren't wonderfully fluid WITH a pad much less without one. To be honest, it's hardly playable AT ALL without. And Bayonetta comes across as exactly what it is and nothing more - a conversion of an old console game. The only reason reviews are SO positive are because most of them seem to have been made by fans of the console style of action game who want to RE-experience a game they liked when it was out on console. The rest are either easilly pleased or just relieved that the conversion isn't more of a disaster."
,Not Recommended,460790,31155768,Posted: 15 April,all,Anonysaurus,Do they really play this on their consoles?
,Not Recommended,460790,31109215,Posted: 12 April,all,EnigManic,"Platinum Games did a great job porting this to the PC so if you really enjoyed playing it on the consoles then you'll enjoy this port. Interesting, because most developers do a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job optimizing their games for the PC. If you haven't played Bayonetta before then you may not like it unless you have poor taste, strong patience and a penchant for pretty video game characters. I'm not sure how this has come to be known as such a great game.Okay, onto the technical aspects of the game..The level design sucks. The stages are very constrictive, almost claustrophobic. They attempted to provide beautiful scenery and architecture and they mostly succeeded but they throw up invisible walls everywhere so you're essentially riding the game on rails while being teased with interesting looking areas that you can't explore.The gameplay sucks. The game is very linear, requiring you to follow specific strategies to advance and you need patience to get through the game with your sanity intact. The game is supposed to have an auto-save feature but if you leave the game before finishing a level, even after it ""autosaved"", you will always have to restart the level from the beginning, only saving your stats and halos. The camera control is sometimes wonky, you'll be in the middle of a fight and the camera sometimes starts drifting on its own like a car with a bad wheel alignment.The combat physics could use improvement. You're in the middle of actively kicking the crap out of an enemy with a powerful combo and he just casually steps in through your attack and hits you, dealing damage and interrupting your combo. You would think an enemy would be staggered back when he's kicked repeatedly in the chest.The game seems very interesting for the first half hour but the lousy level design and gameplay quickly ruin it. The protagonist has a very pretty face and a nice voice but her dialog is awful and her body is so skinny it's repulsive. Also, she stands and walks in the most rediculous pose as though the game designer was drunk on Sake while trying too hard to make her seem sexy.If you like shoot'em ups like Devil May Cry then you may enjoy this but be prepared for crappy level design and sloppy gameplay and clear your schedule before you resume playing. Don't start a level unless you're prepared to finish it or else you'll be doing it over again from the beginning."
76561198029221009,Not Recommended,460790,31897134,Posted: 22 May,all,Sithlord,Just mindless button mashing.
76561197991160243,Not Recommended,460790,32751654,Posted: 24 June,all,Cake. Mud,.
76561198055321541,Not Recommended,460790,31187100,Posted: 16 April,all,uwot,Overrated
,Not Recommended,460790,31104998,Posted: 12 April,all,Leondriel,"Cutscenes stutter like hell, I keep getting framedrops in the fights... and all that using only 1080p on an Intel Core I7 7700, 16 GB RAm and a GTX 970. No thank you, do a proper port or no port at all."
,Not Recommended,460790,31535637,Posted: 3 May,all,Daiyevid,"To be honest, I don't even know where to start with this game. I can't believe I spent real world money on this."
,Recommended,460790,31956684,Posted: 25 May,all,Sterob,No Denuvo. Good port. Instant buy.
76561198201942863,Recommended,460790,31943770,Posted: 24 May,all,BangBlockBap,"Edit: Finally got past the boss. This game is really combo based which im not too into tbh. Had to look up actual combo codes... yikes. Not really my thing.Fun with great humor until I got to the Jeanne fight towards the end. This game is INCREDIBLY difficult, more so than necessary to the point where my hand physically aches because I just desprately want to get past this level. All the combos and stuff it wants you to do is an unbelievable pain to the hand. This game is fun but will take a lot of trial and error. Do I regret buying? No, I've had fun and enjoyed the story and cut scenes. Would I recommend? Not to most. The entire game seems to be pushing towards avid harcore people, not towards average or casual types. Normal was too difficult, and that says a lot. But I mean if you dig that go for it I guess. Quality is fantastic if you have the system to run it, I don't know why people are complaining of fps not being 60?? It runs fine, just cashes here and there from well known bugs."
76561198085463768,Recommended,460790,31108587,Posted: 12 April,all,rockmedved,"Now that they've finally addressedSteamworks integration issuesthat rendered the game unplayable for a large number of users, I am changing my review to positive. Shoutouts to every gloating prick on the forums who kept telling everyone their PCs weren't powerful enough to play an 8 years old game.Anyway, there's not much I can say about the game itself that has not already been said in those 8 years it's been out. It's a DMC-style slasher that has a great combat system with tons of combos, solid variety of weapons and absolutely brilliant integration of firearms into melee combat. Boss battles are epic, protagonist's antics are enjoyable, some character interactions are cute and amusing.The game is not flawless: a lot of the dialogue is nonsense, some cutscenes are not fully animated and instead horribly stylised as a chaotic and ugly film tape, 100% mission completion requires lots of cryptic, completely arbitrary backtracking, motorcycle mission was programmed by someone who has never played a racing game, and a shmup segment near the end of the game really, REALLY outstays it's welcome.Incredibly enjoyable core gameplay, however, makes Bayonetta's weak points very easy to overlook. This game is a classic for a reason, go buy it!________________________________[original pre-patch 1 review]Can't recommend it in its current state.I can play through the prologue with excellent framerate, but it goes to s#!t after the very first cutscene, becoming completely unplayable, and there's a ton of people having the same problem (check the forums).Will immediately change my review to positive once this is fixed, because c'mon, it's f'kn Bayonetta, but if this is left unaddressed, I'm gonna have to get refund."
,Recommended,460790,31965590,Posted: 25 May,all,ouija.,"Pretty good port. Fun as hell, seems a little harder than I remember it"
,Recommended,460790,32000431,Posted: 27 May,all,Sly Fox,"Fly me to the moon, and let me 10 out of 10..."
,Recommended,460790,32010538,Posted: 27 May,all,Dr. Shrugs,As great as ever.
76561198047269124,Recommended,460790,31987163,Posted: 26 May,all,Cuppiocaek,A must buy.Thats all you need to know.
76561198324049038,Recommended,460790,31994218,Posted: 27 May,all,Willsciacca,"For some reason it didn't run well for me, my laptop is 8gb of ram and 960 geforce, and Intel i7, idk why it didn't run to well, I even tried to lower the settings, still didn't run to we'll"
,Recommended,460790,32033061,Posted: 28 May,all,SgtShinobi,The game that put Platinum Games on everyone's radar has finally made its way to PC. It's clean and plays like a dream. Beat the hell out of Angels and Demons and get graded harshly because you missed a fight ayyyyyy.Outrageously fun.
,Recommended,460790,32034644,Posted: 28 May,all,Smash Smalltail,Play Super Smash Brothers like a Melee pro.
76561198142141221,Recommended,460790,31827215,Posted: 18 May,all,StarFish,"In my top ten games of all time Im converted, Bemusing, Bewildering and just down right fun."
,Recommended,460790,31097235,Posted: 12 April,all,ChyrosNX,"A port quality that Nier:Automata should have been.An easy 10/10.Otherwise, Capcom should let Platinum Games make the next Devil May Cry game under the helm of Hideki Kamiya, the creator of the original Devil May Cry."
76561198045295329,Recommended,460790,31859959,Posted: 20 May,all,The Who,"Played it for dat aiyyyes, stayed for the gameplay.This game is highly optimized. Its PC requirements are similar to DMC4. If you can run that game, you can run this.As a bonus, this version also includes Japanese voice acting previously unavailable for original console release. It can be a good replay incentive for your second playthrough with Bayonetta voiced by the legendary Atsuko Tanaka, also responsible for:Motoko Kusanagi - Ghost In the ShellFate/Stay Night - CasterDevil May Cry 4 Special Edition - TrishStreet Fighter X Tekken - PoisonYennefer - The Witcher 3The only downside for me is the washed out color through the town areas. Perhaps because the game is rather old, and the textures are low quality for today's standards. Otherwise, great game."
,Recommended,460790,31860124,Posted: 20 May,all,Neko-Nya~!,"One of the better ""Hack and Slash"" game out there. With about 12 hours of gameplay and replayablity through increased difficulty and loot collecting.The combat is fluid with a need to dodge anything and everything that comes your way but is not in anyway a hinderance to the combat of the game.Personally I feel the story to be lacking a bit but overall still enjoyable to sit through.One problem I have with the game is the QTE (Quick Time Events) which are unavoidable and fustrating to deal with. One can only smash the button that fast and the 1 second you get to input the command is less than sufficient in some scenarios.All in all, well worth the given price of $20."
,Recommended,460790,31852284,Posted: 19 May,all,スマッグ・クント,"Do you like sexy women?Do you like guns?Do you like beating the absolute crap out of people?Do you like sexy women with guns beating the absolute crap out of people?If the answer to any of these questions is yes, get this game."
,Recommended,460790,31685572,Posted: 11 May,all,The Colonel,"there are still some jitters here and there, but the worst of the port's technical issues have been fixed for me and this is now basically the best version of the game, and also this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic and worth more than twenty bucks"
76561198378780604,Recommended,460790,31832894,Posted: 18 May,all,Ninja Scroll,One of the best games of all time now looks as good as it plays
76561198325731030,Recommended,460790,31873927,Posted: 20 May,all,WickedSoul,I don't think there is anything I could say that others have not.Buy today.
,Recommended,460790,31878924,Posted: 21 May,all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","Entertaining, runs great and smooth ( And I'm on an AMD system ).Basically a dream come true, finally able to play Bayonetta on PC.Game is fun and all, but sometimes the Difficulty can be bit "" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""Let's pray SEGA will be porting Bayonetta 2 to PC as well."
,Recommended,460790,31860186,Posted: 20 May,all,italo.oliveira,"I can't put in words how much this game is fun and how good the port is.Bayonetta is one of the few games that capture the essence of game: IT'S FUN TO PLAY.Seriously, the gameplay it is so good that you will repeat the same mission several times only to try new combos, combinations and try to improve your score.Every hack n' slash fan MUST play this game."
,Recommended,460790,31328920,Posted: 23 April,all,Huffman Dickings,"Bayonetta may very well be the definitive game of its genre... Every idea Kamiya had with DMC, he perfected here.In fact Platinum only has one other game that might rival Bayonetta as one of the best action games every made.... and that's Vanquish.BRING VANQUISH TO STEAM, SEGA. YOU HEAR MEEEE?!!?"
76561198141253211,Recommended,460790,31338495,Posted: 24 April,all,Skyler03,If you want hack and slash this is the best
,Recommended,460790,31328118,Posted: 23 April,all,.:SagnolTheGangster:.,"If Dante had a wife Bayonetta would be! BUT...No one can play this game with one hand :3*Waiting for the sequel to be released on PC,much love!"
76561198376284511,Recommended,460790,31336846,Posted: 24 April,all,Keyror,I love bayonetta. A nice game!
76561198080558441,Recommended,460790,31223345,Posted: 18 April,all,Mr Automation,Extremely fun. Took me quite awhile on my first playthrough watching all the cutscenes and learning the enemies. One minute you're fighting and the next on a motorcycle or missle. Would highly recommend. Eventually hoping that Bayonetta 2 makes it on here so I can play it also.
,Recommended,460790,31223043,Posted: 18 April,all,Grimmward3158,fantastic game. if you are a fan of devil may cry series then this is a must have. great hack n slash style with an awsome story line to boot.
76561198052917731,Recommended,460790,31223005,Posted: 18 April,all,Srhike,Play it!
76561197998474082,Recommended,460790,31233022,Posted: 19 April,all,Lazy Lancer,"Hooray for an awesome port of an awesome game!I`ve already played it on PS3 but bought it again for PC.Gameplay-wise, it`s the same good old BayonettaPC port is really decent, full mouse support, graphics quality settings, keyboard button highlights and some controls adaptation for K&M (tl;dr - can play without a gamepad all right). Would love to see high-res textures as well... but whatever.Thumbs up for the guys who made Bayonetta on PC possible!"
,Recommended,460790,31234992,Posted: 19 April,all,ZFen_DMC,"Really love aunt bayonetta. #upsgathering money for another beauty, The young 2B hahaaa. :v"
,Recommended,460790,31235939,Posted: 19 April,all,Funky Boy,"this game re-enforces my love of shlock and my dislike of children, the perfect product one might say"
,Recommended,460790,31212222,Posted: 17 April,all,xgrrl,"I originally played Bayonetta on Xbox 360 when it was released, and I'm really impressed with the quality of this port! Graphics look fantastic, and I have experienced zero issues with poor frame rates, stuttering, or lag. Load times are so fast that the loading screen only flashes for a split second! It's very playable with a mouse and keyboard, which was surprising...however, I'd still recommend a controller.Combat is fun and engaging, and I love the somewhat campy feel of the characters. The combo system is rewarding and gives you a powerful experience. I think the devs did a great job creating a strikingly beautiful setting for this unique story.Thank you PlatinumGames for a great port of this excellent game!"
76561198103690347,Recommended,460790,31221150,Posted: 18 April,all,diji,Recommended+ awesome protagonist+ fluid gameplay+ entertaining cutscenes+ well optimized- nonsensical plot- underwhelming enemy design- boss encounters are mediacre except a couple- platnum have already topped this with bayonetta 2 and metal gear rising
,Recommended,460790,31213374,Posted: 17 April,all,JRosales3691,Tons of fun so far! Liking the port!
,Recommended,460790,31213384,Posted: 17 April,all,Putt-Putt Laughs At Your Gay Ass,Obtains SwordUses nothing but the sword for the rest of the game.
,Recommended,460790,31230971,Posted: 18 April,all,griffox,awesome game. alittle bit fps problem should be resolved wwith a quick update. game already own lots of fans from last 7years
,Recommended,460790,31207708,Posted: 17 April,all,Wendin,Finally I get to play this game too... Was really disappointing back then because I didn't have a PS3.PC needs more games like this. This game is 100% fun and gets straight to buisness.
,Recommended,460790,31245255,Posted: 19 April,all,Sans,It's Bayonetta4K60 FPS11/10 Would buy again
76561198101316407,Recommended,460790,31245418,Posted: 19 April,all,TheGaunttlet,"Good game, really good game."
,Recommended,460790,31248107,Posted: 19 April,all,game-bell™,CEREZAFORLAIFU
,Recommended,460790,31257073,Posted: 20 April,all,The Berg,So stylish....
,Recommended,460790,31233612,Posted: 19 April,all,Mike190Twitch,"As someone who never got into bayonetta when it came out, It was a good opportunity after so many years for me to get into it and see what I was missing. I remember seeing my roomie play it in college back in 2010 and for one reason or anoother I guess I just don't get it at the time. I had a xbox around the time. Well needless to say I gave it a try on PC and i have to say that I absolutely love it! My only gripe or concern with the game is that it seems (or at least the impression im getting from others who played it in the past), is that there seems too be a timing issue when it comes to combo attacks. In one of the boss fights when you are having to spam a button to ""counter"" there just doesn't seem to be enough time to press the button enough times to do damage to them or not get hurt. I wonder if this is even a patchable thing. It's a bummer because just taking damage ends up in you getting a lower score for the battle. OTher than this, I loved the game and really wish taht Bayonetta 2 or 3 could come to PC. But 2 doesn't seem very likely. Keep up the great work PlatinumGames."
,Recommended,460790,31349231,Posted: 24 April,all,ktulu-,10/10
,Recommended,460790,31349206,Posted: 24 April,all,Da_Predator,"Thank You Platium Games! Great port to PC, Graphics are spectacular, works perfectly with an Xbox 360 controller. This game is out of this world and I am looking forward to play Bayonetta 2 on Steam!"
76561198020881462,Recommended,460790,31347112,Posted: 24 April,all,ラーズくん,"Fantastic port of an absolutely fantastic game.Bayonetta was one of the best gems of the 360/PS3 era, with a staggering amount of content, depth, and personality. Hopefully this starts the ball rolling and we can continue to get PC ports of Platinum classics like Vanquish and Anarchy Reigns."
,Recommended,460790,31346357,Posted: 24 April,all,ｂｌａｃｋ tulip 夢愛人,"Some people (such as myself) have been having problems with stuttering and FPS issues during cutscenes. There is a fix for this that requires putting files from a crack into the folder of the game. It's stupid, but it works.With the new files the game goes from 30 fps gameplay with 2fps during cutscenes (yes, two) to solid 60fps. Finally I can enjoy that booty the way it was meant to be played.If you don't buy the game because of bad reviews about FPS then know that there is a fix :)"
76561198063993089,Recommended,460790,31349829,Posted: 24 April,all,butane lighter,yes this is a good one!! :)
,Recommended,460790,31351513,Posted: 24 April,all,Nifty CheshireCat,"Super fun! Might be more fun if I didn't suck and keep getting stuck at the start but that's on me not them. Def. worth picking up, especially with this price point"
,Recommended,460790,31355476,Posted: 25 April,all,Skelzor,"Call it a hack-and-slash, spectacle fighter or a character action game.It's still the most stylish, egaging, varied and polsihed game of it's genre.Buy it so you can spam Red Hot Kick."
,Recommended,460790,31355554,Posted: 25 April,all,elfaia,Do you like action games? Get this if you do.
76561198038986880,Recommended,460790,32772486,Posted: 25 June,all,hlange,"A good PC port. Graphics are fine and everything runs smoothly - which does not always happen in case of titles ported from consoles. There were some issues originally with choppy cut-scenes, but it seems to have been fixed.What's more to say here - the original was already out for years..."
,Recommended,460790,32811567,Posted: 26 June,all,"Sofa King Class ""E","The UI is off by default... ♥♥♥♥ you.Kind regards, the guy now trying to kill the boss AFTER i have to replay the chapter... you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Recommended,460790,32801423,Posted: 25 June,all,★PePe★,epic game i highly recommend
,Recommended,460790,31501216,Posted: 1 May,all,Vii,"I rented this game once in 2009 and thought it were a lot of fun, and properly difficult fun, and some part of it lingered in my head ever since. The witch left a place in my heart, and when I randomly saw that it were on steam I bought it instantly.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This Game!Lets not beat around the bush, this game is Hard. This game is Sexy. This game is Polished. And it's Fulfilling. But the Content is staggering. Over 20 missions plus bonus things to do, plus hidden unlocks for getting high scores on the campain.. Then theres Hard Mode, because after replaying the campaign 3 times maybe you actually learned how to dodge and combo.Then theres little things that make you feel warm and fuzzy inside. Easter Eggs are everywhere, references to the developer's favorite games are piled high, cheat codes and hidden weapons and costumes and MORE COSTUMES and before you know it you've played the game enough times to actually undertand the nuance subtleties of the story and you're pulling out tissues because this 7 foot spider legged ultra powerful witch lady is actually relateable or something!?This game is worth $60."
76561198005958992,Recommended,460790,31501413,Posted: 2 May,all,Chronolord,"This is a brilliant game, I love it. It is a fast past action game, so if that's your thing, you will want to get this. Bayonetta is a witch who is suffering from the usual bout of amnesia, and who's sole job it is is to kill angels. That's about all the plot you will need to know. There is an interesting story within the game, that you will experience as it unfolds. I won't post spoilers. The boss fights go beyond the simplistic aim for the glowie bit, they will require a bit of planning (not too much, since this is a fast paced action game). She is dressed in a skintight outfit, she is not afraid of her sexuality, she owns it.Post Patch update.Game runs magnafloriously.Buy this game. Buy it right now."
,Recommended,460790,32869167,Posted: 27 June,all,Relyt,Great game glad its finally fixed!!
76561197990027064,Recommended,460790,31714076,Posted: 12 May,all,IORIGil,"Hmm..can't recommend this..framerate issues as soon as game start (not menu screen) Tried all different detail settings no go. It drops to 15-30fps around there & during cinematics drop to single digit framerate. :( PS: I can play other games no problem all running at 60 fps smooth on a 1680x1050 monitor.System is AMD FX6300, 1600Mhz DDR3 16GB Ram, Gigabyte Gaming G1 GTX1070 8GB, on Windows 10 Pro (1703) .UPDATE: I manage to fix up my framerate issues..still have no idea what's wrong..but I did a ""Restore"" under Nvidia Control panel under the Manage 3D settings..stuff..its now running a consistent 60fps. Yay!! will try to see if I find out what settings was change there that cause the framerate problem. :P"
,Recommended,460790,31654494,Posted: 9 May,all,vctls,"Excellent game.A bit hard, like most games of this kind, yet manageable.Tons and tons of combo possibilities.The storyline is silly but not completely bland. And you actually get rewarded with lots of over-the-top cutscenes, so even the ending is quite satisfying. (Unlike lots of recent AAA games. Still looking at you, Arkane Studios!)The graphics feel a bit outdated for 2017, but it's still extremely enjoyable.Just add some SweetFX or ReShade goodness to get better colors and such.The only real downside of this game is the camera.Fighting in open areas poses no problem. But in narrow spaces, the stupid camera will prevent you from keeping all enemies in sight and get you killed all the time.You can use L3 to reset the camera and L2 to lock on enemies, but it's still super anoying."
,Recommended,460790,31692673,Posted: 11 May,all,DJ Archangel,"One of my top action games of all time.Here you find what Arkham/God of War/Darksiders type action games are all trying to accomplish but as much as I love the genre, I feel only Bayonetta really got right: the combat system is fluid, and maintains vast variation without requiring a steep technical mastery curve.  In other words, she can flow endlessly through waves of enemies, varying her combos and techniques as much as the player desires without requiring much more than a minimal level of skill to keep up ""the dance"".What do you get for your hard earned Steam bucks, you ask?Screwball story?  Oh yeah.  There are angels and demons and witches and Italians....  Sometimes it's interesting and thought-provoking; sometimes it's goofy and inane.Crazy alt-axis combat?  You'll be dancing on the ceiling!  (Oh what a feeling)Guns?  Oh yeah.  She strapped a pair on her stilettos for good measure.  She's probably got prehensile toes...ew...or something sexier than that....  You could almost spend the entire game shooting things if you wanted.Witch Fu?  Or would it be Dom Fu?  The line is blurry.  Anyway, angel butt is adequately slapped around.  This is the game's bread and butter.  Try stuff.Weapons?  Yeah, she can either buy them for halos (i.e. Sonic's rings-- trademark ring noise included) or she can actually pick them up off angel corpses-- even when they are 4 times her size!Crafting?  No ""boot making dance party"" here.  The crafting is simple enough to keep from being a distracting component that would kill the pacing of the game, but provides options to suit player preferences.  (Well, crafted items are a little disincentivized if you like achievements)Ridiculous jokes and references?  If you aren't groaning and rolling your eyes (maybe a facepalm or two) within minutes, then this must be your very first video game.  How weird of you.Cheesecake galore?  Isn't F12 wonderful?Be prepared to have classic Sinatra tunes completely ruined for you for the rest of your life!  Be prepared for the next wave of Bayonettas at every con (and Scarborough Fair replicas on eBay)!<Pause>THANK YOU PLATINUM GAMES!  I am so very grateful that you took our requests to heart and gave this whimsically and masterfully crafted game back to us on the PC.<Resume>Now, everyone-- let's start haranguing them about Bayonetta 2. ;)"
,Recommended,460790,31606189,Posted: 7 May,all,KaZumaTree,"THE game that put PlatinumGames on the map, and made them an action game dev studio powerhouse back in '09, now brought to the PC in remastered HD glory.+Vibrant art direction with a very unique and standout female main character contrasted by highly intricate and interesting enemy designs, all against a backdrop of over-the-top self-aware action that is a visual treat at any level, brought to remastered HD glory on PC.+Solid sound and music direction, all playing to type and is also a wonderful treat to the ears. Voice acting and writing also plays to form, playing the campjustright to keep that razor's edge of both fun and serious.+PlatinumGames' now-legendary touch of creating an intricate, exciting, and approachable gameplay mechanics setup that rewards precise skillful play without leaving less capable hands out of the loop, with each action done by the player always an exciting, tense ballet of evasion, offense, defense, and combos.+Whilst story is traditionally not the strong-suit for such games like this, there is substance here, and a plot that has some twists that it really does not deserve to have, let alone good ones, all palying to form that never takes itself too seriously, and lets it have fun with it from character interactions to the central theme of the plot.======-Over-the-top action can both be a visual treat, and far too much going on screen at any one time. Add to that Bayonetta as a character is a controversial one given her overt sexuality to her concept, which can be a bit of a negative to some.-Whilst the game is indeed possible to finish with the worst hand-eye coordination known to man (lower difficulties are selectable), the game does have a very,veryhigh and demanding skill ceiling, potentially requiring hundreds of hours of play to even see the end of it, let alone the admittedly limited replay value (Normal completion leads to Hard, which leads to Climax difficulties, going through the same content of about 10-12 hours). If you're not up to snuff and/or dont have the hours to put into the game to master it, expect to die, a lot.-Whilst the game runs flawlessly thanks to being a solid PC port (with support for higher resolutions at 60fps, solid M+KB controls, etc), the '09 age lines are showing quite a bit, with locked 30fps in cutscenes, lower-than-norm texture resolutions in some areas, archaic '09 menu interfaces, and some contrivances that have gone by the wayside in this day and age."
,Recommended,460790,31599303,Posted: 7 May,all,Halflight,"Bayonetta it's a hack-and-slash, third-person action game developed by Sega which was originally released on the PS3 and Xbox360 in 2010, but was recently ported to the PC after a remastered edition was also included with selected copies of the sequel on the Wii U from 2014. The plot follows the titular witch, a woman who has made a pact with the demons of Inferno in exchange for unique powers and  has been sleeping for centuries in a coffin at the bottom of a lake, as she embarks on a journey to the ancient European city of Vigrid to regain her lost memories, discover the secret of her clan (the Umbra Witches) and kill many, many angelic beings from Paradiso.Bayonetta's general gameplay can be best described as a mixture between Devil May Cry, Ninja Gaiden and God of War: aside from very tame platform and puzzle sequences, you'll spend the majority of your time hacking foes to pieces with your vast array of weapons (which are mainly divided into melee and ranged weapons, with you being able to equip two sets of them at a time, one on your hands and the other on your feet). Aside from weapons, you can spend the in-game currency (halos, which is mainly dropped from foes) to purchase accessories to give you special passive abilities, items to heal yourself or temporary become more powerful and new combos and techniques to use against your foes. The most peculiar gameplay element from Bayonetta is Witch Time, a technique triggered by dodging an enemy attack at the last possible moment: time will slow down for everything and everyone but Bayonetta and you'll be able to attack foes with impunity. Mastering this technique is pretty much required to beat the game. Another cool and unique feature are Torture Attacks: if you have the right amount of damage to pull them off, you can put your target in a torture device and do massive damage to it via a QTE sequence.Past the basics, Bayonetta's gameplay is far more complex than that, and beating the game just once on Normal may be considered just the beginning of the experience. Aside from harder difficulties, the game encourages you to find the extra collectables lying around, engage in the side activities you can do and farm a lot of halos to unlock new toys and be pretty prepared for the extra challenge ahead. The game also spots a score system which will evaluate every battle you take part in and every chapter you complete depending on the time it took you, the number of combos, the damage you took and how many items did you use. To this end, you can replay each chapter of Bayonetta in order to get better scores or complete anything you missed.Truth be told, however, and this is my only grip with the game, Bayonetta can, at times, feel too challenging for its own good. While the Very Easy and Easy modes are, of course, pretty manageable, on Normal the game won't hold any punches, and some sections will beat you up over and over again (thanks mainly to forced, suceed-or-die extended QTEs sequences and sudden changes in gameplay which give you little time to adjust). The jump in difficulty between Normal and Hard is truly staggering though, and you'll either grind your♥♥♥♥♥♥in Normal beforehead for the extra gear or you won't go anywhere: think of it as a very merciless NG+.This PC remastered release is, at the time I'm writing this, the best version of Bayonetta bar none. The PC processing power gives the game enhanced visuals and ultra-wide resolutions are also supported. The greatest accomplishment of this release is however the severe cuts to the game's loading times, to the point of them being nearly instantaneous, which is always a welcomed relief in an action-packed videogame such as this (and Bayonetta is filled with transictions with loading times, most notably entering and quitting the game's menu, which you are going to access often to consume items or check records).Roughly seven years later after the original release, I'd still suggest Bayonetta to basically everyone, especially since it's now accessable at such a fair price and in such a good PC port.  Aside from it feeling extremely good to play as an hack-and-slash game, feeling very fluid and rewarding, the main reasons I like Bayonetta is the funny writing involved and the general artistic direction of the game, with cool environment and enemy designs all around. After all, the general idea of playing as a servant of Hell killing holy foes left and right is incredibly original"
,Recommended,460790,32144164,Posted: 2 June,all,AnimeandWhiskey,Great Performance. Good Looking Graphics For an 8-Year-Old Game. Action Packed Fighting/Combos. Best $20 You'll Spend!!!!
,Recommended,460790,31144582,Posted: 14 April,all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,"This game is a work of genius.Updating my review since the game has now been patched! :D The framerate issues are gone, game is now an excellent port!"
76561197977630226,Recommended,460790,32455044,Posted: 15 June,all,OnyxIdol,"Cool game. I suck at it though. Also, I don't get the plot."
,Recommended,460790,31085971,Posted: 11 April,all,Bookenz,"BAYONETTA!ON PC!GOOD PORT!CONSTANT 60 FPS IN GLORIOUS 2,7k DSR ON 1060GTX!GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,460790,32696235,Posted: 23 June,all,Williamtx900,i love bayonetta its amazing game it has some great music like the after burner theme in chapter 8 route 666 its the best and most fun chapter ever i hope sega ports bayonetta 2.
,Recommended,460790,31332169,Posted: 23 April,all,Chris Genovese,"Finally i can play the Game! after all the issues i was having and frustration somehow the game is fixed with no reason (as it stopped working,now its working)thx for the fix,don't know what you did tho as i didn't change anything in my pc"
,Recommended,460790,32421813,Posted: 14 June,all,Cookie Crisp,"This is the way to play Bayonetta. It looks amazing and the 60fps rework is a nice touch. However, main cutscenes are locked at 30fps with gameplay going up to 60. Also recommended, that you play this game with a controller. I played with a Xbox 360 wired controller on my first playthrough. It's a lot smoother and a lot more comfortable with a controller.Great Story Line, Great Combat, Great Combos, Great Graphics, Great Soundtrack, Great PC Port.9/10 Would Play again :)"
,Recommended,460790,31945951,Posted: 24 May,all,Kingly30,"Used to play it so much on the XBox. After all this time, it's still one of my most fun to play games. A lot of people will describe the game as a button masher, and although it kinda can be if you are uncertain of what you are doing, once you know most or all of her combos, you will find there is actually a technique to it all.PROS: Great music, great fights, some humor, very likeable characters.MIXED: This was probably due to my stupidity, but for all the years I played this game (counting my XBox experience), some of Bayonetta's backstory is still kinda confusing for me. Might be back conveyance or I just missed it all. Doesn't detract from the overall awesomeness of the game however.CONS: Unless you absolutely hate Fly Me to the Moon (this song plays A LOT), not much in cons. There are a few parts where a death felt relatively ""cheap"" (fall off this particular path and get killed; dodge this incoming thing or it kills you), but there was only a few of these so after the first run and you know what to expect, it's really not that bad."
76561197972682195,Recommended,460790,31875690,Posted: 20 May,all,fico23,"This game was absolutely nuts! In all the good ways. I remember playing this game for the Xbox 360 a few years ago and when I found out this game was getting an updated, better looking and running PC port I was very happy. Sometimes the game does get a little janky, but the game overall, runs wonderful at 60fps and I'm running it in 4K. The gameplay is insane as I remember it with the ability to slow time on good dodges and making sweet combos as you are battling the forces of Heaven in a wonderful adaptation. Platinum Games and Sega must want this to continue as Vanquish is coming soon, so hold on to your butts because we are getting more games! Get this game ASAP! You will love it for the action, for the sexiness, for the drama, for the laughter, and most importantly....for the challenge."
,Recommended,460790,31776389,Posted: 15 May,all,2B or not 2B,"What am amazing game ... gameplay,story, music, art style everything is top notch.. the combat and its animations are just perfect and every combat sequence is a rhythm... nice variation in enemies. The bosses are magnificent in appearance and in fight..best part is each level is different and the mechanics are just great.. fighting on missile, boss fights in water, over the top action sequences so much variety.. The combat is challenging not just button mash, so its very satisfying to get higher medals..The story and the way its presented is cool.. the cutscenes are just so stylish that even in cutscenes i never got bored :DLast but not least Bayonetta - one of the most charismatic, eccentric and powerful protagonists in games..In my 12 hours of gameplay not a single second felt wasted/bored.. this is how action games should be done ! Will take these kinda games any day rather than 50 hrs of generic average open worlds that are coming out today!Gratitude to platinum and sega for bringing this to PC and giving me a chance to experience this awesomeness..10/10"
76561198372926237,Recommended,460790,31451276,Posted: 29 April,all,salhelder,"The PC port is fairly decent, nothing beyond what's expectable though it should be able to run at 60 fps at even average machines, yet I have to warn that I did have a couple of hickups during the entire playthrough.This is a very japanese game, as in anime (not exclusevly), but I say that in the best possible light. Plenty of cutscenes out of context might look like it was made anywhere in the west, but it diesn't take too long for its antics to reveal themselves, and they tend to work wonderfully most of the time. There's also the weird pronunciation of names, nothing new coming form Japan, Ronin being read with a french take, much like Lupin.Top notch voice acting on both languages. The soundtrack both overuses ""Fly me to the moon"" a tad too much and also uses it very cleverly as story motif. Besides that the rest of the soundtrack is more than good enough to get the job done.The combat is for the most part really good, there's plenty of variation and is one of the few games in the recent past that gave me the itch to try to better my scores. However it doesn't shy away from throwing new mechanics out of the blue and expects you to handle them properly - if you're new to the game you'll fail them half a dozen times -  this is particularly true in the alternative levels, like the one where she rides a motorcycle, these levels are far from perfect, but are still enjoyable even though they'll ruin your score.The biggest problem with the game is that often it isn't clear or properly scripted to the player when the cutscene ends (the non-stylized ones) and the gameplay begins, this means that you might take damage or fail a part if you don't know what's coming. Other times it's not clear what's expected to progress in a level, though I'll say nothing is absurdely obscure. Some of the quick time events were fairly odd and frustrating, but I might add I really don't like QTEs.The graphics are quite good for the age of the original title. Granted, were it made today we might expect more polygons on the characters and more colorful and detailed environments, still it pulls off some fairly memorable and beautiful scenery through the levels.The story unwinds itself rather well, with a few and mercifuly short exposition dumps, but considering the way the story and introduction where handled there wasn't an easy way out of this. The characters are well put together, even when they could have been horridly annoying: in other games one could perfectly expect Luka or Jeanne to be very irritating, but they're not in this game."
,Recommended,460790,31325374,Posted: 23 April,all,Skrekkur,"Finally on PC, still holds up completely, visually and really good looking and feeling combat system as well. This port is really well done and runs like a dream (60fps constant, even when downsampling from 4k) .At first I felt a bit unconfortable with the protagonist being hypersexualized and potentially being treated in ways that are bad. However after playing the game, she is never helpless just super strong yet human and her being sexy genuinly feels like its coming from her, but of course since I am a man, im not fully qualified to make any final judgements here.I play with an xbox 360 controller so I cannot comment on the quality of keyboard controls, but at any rate you probably should play with a controller."
76561198042586458,Recommended,460790,33053101,Posted: 30 June,all,TheTangyAsian,"unique version of hack and slash with mechanics that have quite the learning curve, though definitly capable for any player due to the multiple difficulty settings. Sadly the practice mode in the game is hidden in the sense that the only way to activate it is to press back on a controller (esc on keyboard) during loading screens which load extremely fast. Overall, very happy with graphics, gameplay and gratifying difficult combos."
,Recommended,460790,33141720,Posted: 2 July,all,真「SHiN」,"Bayonetta is that kind of video games you want to play alone, after midnight, and in secret. Or don't do all of those and play with your parents watching. Who knows, they might buy you a copy of Playboy or Hustler because they're worried you've never seen a real woman before."
,Recommended,460790,33051578,Posted: 30 June,all,IvanK,"Excellent game. I always wanted to play this game when it came out on the PS3, but i never got the chance.Thanks a lot to Platinum Games for bringing this game to PC, excellent port, with no failures and as awesome as i remembered."
,Recommended,460790,31127870,Posted: 13 April,all,LILSharkZilla,Awesome port for an awesome game. Some of the most fluid and fun combat that I've ever experienced. Well worth your money.
,Recommended,460790,32816428,Posted: 26 June,all,Calamansi,Would pay full price for that♥♥♥♥♥. deym son!
,Recommended,460790,31254482,Posted: 20 April,all,Makrases,"Excellent port with no glitches, runs well and it's a really fun/funny game."
,Recommended,460790,33237016,Posted: 4 July,all,Offline Jockey,"This game was a lot more entertaining than I thought it would be. Also even on keyboard and mouse, controls work very well. Personally, there was never a moment when I had to fight the controls rather than the enemies.Great game. Looking forward to playing Bayonetta 2 here as well some day."
,Recommended,460790,31497422,Posted: 1 May,all,TotalJulian,thank you sega for fixing the game it now runs very smoothly and its playable
76561198026617205,Recommended,460790,33298407,Posted: 5 July,all,Geralt of Rivia,"This game is insane, but it is insane insane in a great way. That's really it because words can't describe this stange yet beautiul ♥♥♥♥ed up master piece."
,Recommended,460790,33296668,Posted: 5 July,all,Rad Guy,Good.
76561198038027226,Recommended,460790,33411874,Posted: 9 July,all,Bentwit,"I found myself entertained due to the combat and different weapon choices (katana + ice skates were my favorites).But the game could do without the QTE sequences, in my opinion.I played this game through with a controller, since I didn't like the gameplay with keyboard & mouse."
76561198256914154,Recommended,460790,33529035,Posted: 13 July,all,OldSpiceStrike,Only bought this for them♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460790,33598986,Posted: 16 July,all,SEX-E Coco,i LOVE THE GAME SO MUCH that this is the 3rd time buying it. plays really good with the most reasent patch they have out for it.
76561198367830288,Recommended,460790,33562436,Posted: 15 July,all,kylenn3,never wrote a review before but i had to for this game100/10great game
,Recommended,460790,33552307,Posted: 14 July,all,Qrow,"Bayonetta is probs one of the most underrated games, the characters are really good although there's not that many through the game but Bayonetta makes up for that with her attitude and what she has to say enzo is a funny character too bad they dont add him in the game unless you count when the game starts and ends. I will say this tho there are some cliché's in the game that if your a guy make your nuts quake and whatever you feel if your a girl (no hate please) but the game has amazing move's and a very interesting story non the less it's worth your money. let's hope they make a pc port for Bayonetta 2"
76561198134194331,Recommended,460790,33611384,Posted: 17 July,all,obi_juan,"This game surprised me with it's japanese influences and zero-f*cks mentallity towards ....everything. Bayo is hot, the moves are realllly awesome and the fights and bosses are really satisfying. Makes you feel really awesome after boss-battles and owning those combo's. Dayum-level 9."
,Recommended,460790,33574649,Posted: 15 July,all,The sky is blue,"If Steam allowed for a neutral button instead of a like or dislike, that is what I would be clicking instead.Pros:1. Varied and Fast paced combat. You can bash the same buttons repeatedly or try and learn new amazing combos;either playstyle is fun and satisfying.2. Visually, pretty nice. Some enemies look really frightening and get you amped up for the fight!3. Witch time is a real blast once you get used to it.4. Enemies have subtle cues that telegraph attacks, and I really like the idea of audio cues.Cons:1. Horrible story and dull characters (with exception of Bayonetta). It isn't well told and the dialogue (in the english dubatleast) is very mediocre (this coming from someone who generally loves over the top anime). There were somegeniunely funny moments though. Also, too many cutscenes...2. The camera is very bad. I frequently found myself unable to find my bearings during fights with multiple enemies orespecially large bosses. Even the audio cues didn't help in really hectic moments and resulted in cheap deaths.3.  Way too many cheap Quick time events, many of which are suddenly inserted into boss fights.4.  Time wasting gimmicks - You can turn into a panther, but it felt forced and wasn't really used well. Same with the wallclimbing mechanic, which to me felt like it was added to artificially amp difficulty. Some boss fights also have theirown gimmicks, from turning the game into a shooter (using an aa gun) , to riding a bike and piloting a missile etc - allof them felt like a gigantic waste of time and didn't really add anything to the game.So there you go, my opinion of the game. I really enjoyed the combat but I thought it was let down by the camera and gimmicks. If you can get past the cons, the game is really enjoyable.Personally, if you're looking for hack and slash games to play - I'd recommend two of platinum games' other outings over this one: Metal gear rising revengeance or Nier Automata, both of which are slick and a lot more fun. In fact Nier Automata has become one of my most favourite games of all time with near perfect combat and story - it too has its gimmicks, but they are very nicely executed!"
,Recommended,460790,31800076,Posted: 16 May,all,Olm,What do I even say. It's Bayonetta. You're  a sexy witch beating the crap out of angels. Good sound design. Great combat. Fun Story. Only reason not to buy it is the issues it seems to have with AMD cards or if you're not into mindless combat.Edit:AMD card issues have been fixed
76561198042736574,Recommended,460790,31085748,Posted: 11 April,all,exeq,"The greatest game from x360 is came to pc, and it seems to have no issues at all. Runs great, plays even better. If you never played it and you enjoyed other platinum games like Metal Gear Rising or Nier:Automata you will enjoy this as well. Keep in mind that the graphics are a little dated but the remaster helps a lot here. Now I have no need for my x360 :)"
76561197999444044,Recommended,460790,31086074,Posted: 11 April,all,champion1642,"This should have been done a long time ago.However I'm glad they did eventually port it to PC. If I had known that this port was in the making I would never have bought the PS3 verions of Bayonetta 2 weeks ago.This port is very well done, the textures look so much better than the PS3/360 version, and the game runs at a smooth 60 FPS. Shadows and effects look better and also no more jagged edges, especially with 16xAA.I would recommend using custom settings, that way you can max everything manually. This is a very good port, controllers work flawlessly, and there are no issues so far.The only thing people may compain about is that it's locked at 60FPS, which I don't see as a problem since it doesn't affect gameplay, and it runs pretty smooth regardless.I am using a 144Hz monitor freesync monitor, and it runs really, really smoothly.My RX 480 is even able to run this game at 4K using VSR (Virtual Super Resolution) and scales it down to 1080p, still at a solid 60FPS.This is how Bayonetta is meant to be played. A great game, and at a reasonable price. Unlike DMC 4 Special Edition upon release.Platinum games have made some very decent games on last gen consoles, here's hoping they port more of them, especially Vanquish.Bayonetta 2 may be an iffy one though, since Nintendo published that game.Hopefully Nintendo will give the green light, I mean they have nothing to lose at this point from porting the game to PC, since it is an older title. But meh, business politics sometimes take the lime light."
76561197974277699,Recommended,460790,31082070,Posted: 11 April,all,Torsak,Best version of best game for 20 bucks. B U Y
76561198029117076,Recommended,460790,31081854,Posted: 11 April,all,Arag,"Awesome, now i dont need console;)"
76561197965390927,Recommended,460790,31081713,Posted: 11 April,all,LexusRuir,Is this really up for discussion?
76561198190812625,Recommended,460790,31081983,Posted: 11 April,all,Hresvelz,One of best action game and great port
,Recommended,460790,31081990,Posted: 11 April,all,kennyoce,Constant 60 fps! Nice port
76561198012737296,Recommended,460790,31082614,Posted: 11 April,all,Tailer,"If you love action games, then why are you even reading this just buy it NOW!Great PC port works flawless on my amd 290 4k everything max except smaa."
76561198039798549,Recommended,460790,31083028,Posted: 11 April,all,Chidori,What do you want to see here? Its Bayonetta for PC its a good port runs perfectly with 60 FPS no extra bells and whistles just one of the best 3rd person spectacle fighters ever produced now finally rescued from the oblivion that is the last console generation.How is KB+M? Honestly I dont know and I dont care who plays games like this without a controller? Its like playing racing games with KB+M. Just strap on your heel guns and have some fun.
,Recommended,460790,31083035,Posted: 11 April,all,xXx|Pvt丶Miku|xXx,"oh my god!i love this game soooo much!!kind of years ago i play this game on ps3,then i thought this will port to pc.today finally my dream come ture.im so excited!!!bayonetta,every single frame looks so beautiful,so pretty!!!im faaaaaaaaall in looooooove!!!!!!1000000000000000000000/10  don't wait if you want to play"
76561197970628732,Recommended,460790,31082964,Posted: 11 April,all,Rhubarbical,"Brings back memories and a reminder of how much I have to L2P again.  Absolutely no issues encountered in port (GTX 980), some unexpected graphics options (SSAO?), even alt-tabbing with fullscreen/borderless works just fine.Best played with a controller indeed, though.   PC needs more of these spectacle action games!"
76561197993517487,Recommended,460790,31083007,Posted: 11 April,all,Kao,"Amazing GameHave played that game on Wii U and I Love it. ne of the best hack & slash never made.Devil may cry creator, Hideki Kamiya is God.Pc port is excellent, max settings 60fps.9.3/10"
,Recommended,460790,31083088,Posted: 11 April,all,Alex Roca,"One of the best games ever made. Now in PC at 4K/HDR/60FPS, well made port with DS4 and Switch Pro pad support. Sadly the cutscenes are still at 30fps."
,Recommended,460790,31083127,Posted: 11 April,all,RandomMarine,"Disclaimer: This review is based off of my experience over hundreds of hours spent playing the Wii U version. It does not go over any technical issues that may or may not exist in the PC port!Over fifteen years ago, a Capcom employee was given the task of directing the development of Resident Evil 4, but he made it a little too awesome, so he decided to make it something else. It became a game that defined a genre, it became the first Devil May Cry.Eight years later that director, Hideki Kamiya, returned to the genre under the flag of PlatinumGames. Bayonetta was the result.This game has the most fluid and satisfying combat I've experienced. You're given the means to turn every one of your actions into a relentless assault. Witch time is your reward for being in the thick of the battle and anticipating the enemy's actions. Dodge offset allows you to blend your offense and defense together into a seamless dance. Wicked weaves allow you to seize control of the battle, launching foes to set up stylish and high-scoring combos.All the game asks of you in return is to master it. It's not an easy game by any means, it will take hours of practice to master the intricacies of the combat system, and certain types of enemies are designed to relentlessly kick your teeth in. But once everything clicks together, the game becomes a blast that few others even compare to.If you're the type of player to play through a game's story just once then shelf it. Then, frankly, I don't think you'll enjoy Bayonetta. If you're the type that never puts down a game until it's 100% complete (And no, I don't mean just the achivements.), mastering its mechanics along the way. Then step right up, I believe this game's just the thing you're looking for. You haven't really completed Bayonetta until you've cleared the tough-but-fair final difficulty level and triumphed over the lost chapter.And even then there's extra characters to unlock and start new files as, with their own twists that further raise the difficulty.However, it's not a perfect game by any means. For how masterfully the game's combat is designed, it's not without some flaws. First of which I'll mention are the QTEs. The game is littered with them, and while I'll say most aren't that bad with anticipatable inputs and/or a generous amount of time to react... there are quite a few throughout the early chapters that have neither, and seem to exist solely to sour the experience for new players.The second I'll mention is the presence of gimmick chapters. One of which is a mediocre driving sequence that overstays its welcome. Another is a third-person shoot-em-up part that while I personally like it, I know there are many that loathe it. Those two sequences are fortunately the only ones in the game, unlike a certain other 'Wonderful' Kamiya title.The third flaw are the giant enemies, from the Beloveds to the cardinal virtues and everything in between. While every other enemy is a blast to fight, anything big enough to never stagger from an attack tend to boil down to being fairly uninteresting punching bags.The fourth and most minor is the way that many of the Alfheim challenges are hidden. Many require arbitrary backtracking to discover, with just as arbitrary points where you you're cut off from finding them. I suggest using a guide through a second/third playthrough to wrap up all the hidden challenges and goodies."
,Recommended,460790,31086895,Posted: 11 April,all,Dizzy - Tribe of Judah,Great Port
76561197996719954,Recommended,460790,31086954,Posted: 11 April,all,danmaku,An excellent port of an excellent game. Any action aficionado owes themselves to buy this game.
,Recommended,460790,31083216,Posted: 11 April,all,Additiv,"7 years later, Bayonetta finally gets the pc treatment it deserves."
76561198039990469,Recommended,460790,31090578,Posted: 11 April,all,RedfieldX9,Awesome game!
,Recommended,460790,31080875,Posted: 11 April,all,Mr. Bear,"The playtime will only grow. Sega give us Bayo2 so that too, can increase its playtime."
76561198141198132,Recommended,460790,31080896,Posted: 11 April,all,ironman,"Good port, the graphics settings and performance are really good, so far so good."
76561198043037406,Recommended,460790,31111223,Posted: 12 April,all,runa93,"Saw it was on sale, grabbed it and its true: being bad  has never felt so good. :P10/10 will be bad again."
,Recommended,460790,31114036,Posted: 13 April,all,phosPhoreScent_,"Well made port, runs like a charm..Along with dark souls this was my favorite xbox 360 title, amazing and deep gameplay that looks insane.. Makes you feel like the best gamer in the world, things happening on the screen are absolute mental, but you always feel responsible for it..I now own this on 3 platforms, xbox 360, wii u (bayonetta 1 & 2) and now for pc! :DA true one of a kind gem 10/10"
76561198067781113,Recommended,460790,31114118,Posted: 13 April,all,maximusditzel,after widnows update all lag is gone and the game looks awesome in 4k. bring vanquish
,Recommended,460790,31112872,Posted: 13 April,all,SquOliver,"Just submitting this review to help cement its ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" status.Oh yeah, the port is fine and the game is great. Port was done by the same software group that did the Valkyria Chronicles port. The only thing that's missing is the costumes from the Wii U version."
76561198087646198,Recommended,460790,31112990,Posted: 13 April,all,Selesia,"Great game, really worth it."
76561198008329825,Recommended,460790,31113144,Posted: 13 April,all,Yo (ºلº),Great! Now we w8 2nd part!
,Recommended,460790,31113145,Posted: 13 April,all,Damke,Buy this game.
76561198256473140,Recommended,460790,31113233,Posted: 13 April,all,regencies,"Crazy press joystick, I feel good."
,Recommended,460790,31113446,Posted: 13 April,all,Scoot,"GuysguysIt's Bayo on PC, and it's a good port. Just buy it. I'm playing at solid 60fps and it's still throwing me for a loop. I remember so many parts would CHUGGGGGGGG on frames down to 10 or so, even on SOME parts in the WiiU version. This one is as good as it gets. And you know there'll be plenty of mod support eventually.Just get it. It's so amazing, and it gets your cuhrazy fix if you're bored of DMC4."
,Recommended,460790,31123200,Posted: 13 April,all,Rizz,"Picked this game up years ago for the PS3 but never played it too much, I could tell it was a game I'd enjoy if it had higher/smoother framerates and higher resolution, and I was right, the game is incredibly fun, this truly is the definitive version and for a very reasonable price.I love the early learning curve of the game and the sense of accomplishment it rewards once you get the hang of combos and dodging mechanics, when battles at first end in many deaths, then suddenly platinum ranking a battle with no damage taken, very satisfying.The game offers replaying previous chapters even if the game hasn't been beaten, which is a great way to grind out some extra currency for items from the shop, the early stages; particularly the Vestibule prologue is a great way to hone your skills and quickly obtain more currency at the same time, so if you're into the grindy type of stuff, it's there, but completely optional."
76561198013960069,Recommended,460790,31117667,Posted: 13 April,all,Drorl52,this game is a m a z i n g!!!gtx 960 2gb16 gb ramwindows 10 64 biti5 6600krun perfect without a problem.dont hesitate buy it!
76561198174023730,Recommended,460790,31126099,Posted: 13 April,all,pig-attack,"Bayonetta on PC?! Yeeehaaw, too bad that my notebook cant handle her Climax. Thanks god for desktop PC."
,Recommended,460790,31126169,Posted: 13 April,all,sasukeskapa,Still the best hack and slash game :D
76561197979208116,Recommended,460790,31123773,Posted: 13 April,all,Darkrune,"6700k and GTX1080.  4k with 60 fps and 2 second loading times.  Only uses 47% of the first GPU.  No SLI support, because it just isn't needed here."
76561198073689783,Recommended,460790,31095446,Posted: 12 April,all,ARKangel805,"YES, Who would of guessed that Bayonetta was gonna come out on PC!? I sure didn't."
,Recommended,460790,31124102,Posted: 13 April,all,Mina Nohara,"Sexy Parodius May Cry.125/10 would play again.....................Neat performance. Don't complain if you have garbware (garbage hardware, got it?).****ESPAÑOL****Sexy Parodius May Cry.125/10 lo jugarian de nuevo................Antes de quejarte sobre el rendimiento, juzga tu hardware primero."
76561198115964636,Recommended,460790,31134364,Posted: 14 April,all,Sorta Stealthy,"Really well done, everything from the original, even down to the glitches/exploits, all perfect."
,Recommended,460790,31134653,Posted: 14 April,all,!-R4ptor-!,Best Game of all (Witch) Time<3 @ SEGA + Platinum
76561198204090401,Recommended,460790,31135899,Posted: 14 April,all,Pizza Cat,"I stopped playing Breath of the Wild only to play Bayonetta again.Bayonetta it's a very fun game, and even if you have played it before, play it again.This is one of the best PC ports ever made. Runs very smooth even on older computers.The only negative is that fps are limited to 60.If anyone from SEGA or Platinum reads this, please note that for PC games the fps must be unlocked. And please bring more games to PC. You will make far more sales on steam rather on the PS4. Especially the Yakuza series will sell like hotcakes here.I haven't anything to add that haven't been metioned before.Bayonetta get a solid 10/10 from me"
76561198078925835,Recommended,460790,31124879,Posted: 13 April,all,Herez,Flawless masterpiece
76561198040492318,Recommended,460790,31092016,Posted: 11 April,all,Theo,tfw no skimpy HEV suit skin with matching crowbar skin for the Shuraba
76561197969393189,Recommended,460790,31090824,Posted: 11 April,all,Lord Charnecus,"I played this originally on PS3 and left it halfway through due to performance issues, saying, a bit hopeless, will play it on PC if ever released. Now all of a sudden the time has come and this is the version this glorious game deserves. Well done Platinum Games."
76561197961955941,Recommended,460790,31091314,Posted: 11 April,all,°ToKen | WoMan°,"Thank you SEGA - if possible B2 for the pc community please- good but not perfect port- classic game  - DMC style, sound , gameplay , art- full Jap style"
,Recommended,460790,31091383,Posted: 11 April,all,asthenic_therapia,"KT, Team Ninja, it's your turn!"
,Recommended,460790,31091483,Posted: 11 April,all,CactuarPrime,babe mayo
,Recommended,460790,31091623,Posted: 11 April,all,Sean,Another good SEGA port
,Recommended,460790,31091784,Posted: 11 April,all,TENSION,"Plays just like I remember it on the PS3 but now at 60fps. Comes with a standard array of configuration options for the PC with resolutions upwards to 4k. Japanese voice acting is an option now, something I don't remember from the the Japanese import on the PS3, but it's been a while so maybe it was there.Overall a solid port to the PC, good job Platinum and Sega. I now patiently await Vanquish."
,Recommended,460790,31091787,Posted: 11 April,all,QuadICE,"Runs perfectly, plays perfectly, controls perfectly.Thank you Platinum!"
76561198058836792,Recommended,460790,31095748,Posted: 12 April,all,Nazgual,Beautiful
,Recommended,460790,31097091,Posted: 12 April,all,Potitoman,"YES! YES! YES!!Platinum Games knows how to make insanely good spectable fighter games and this one is amazing!If you like the Devil May Cry games, Bayonetta is sort of the same, except with the dial turned to 11,000!!I cant put it down!"
,Recommended,460790,31097203,Posted: 12 April,all,Very stressful skeleton,YEShttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ2QgcRrWlc
,Recommended,460790,31099334,Posted: 12 April,all,Shubidubi,"I've been playing Bayonetta since 2010, It's my favorite game since then, and now that it came to PC, 7 years later, I still recommend this game like a MUST if you like Hack & Slash, the Non Stop combos in this game are something to amaze. And obviously if you find funny to kill all the God's angelic cleric with giant demons... well... this is the game. And remember... she does all that in high heels. xD"
76561198018919662,Recommended,460790,31098575,Posted: 12 April,all,zaccyp,"Cheesy, corny, cringey, over the top. Great game."
76561197993679089,Recommended,460790,31096156,Posted: 12 April,all,rodolfo,i enjoyed it at wiiu system but didnt managed to complete  as im more focused at bayonetta 2.hope to complete it here in pc.
76561198080239615,Recommended,460790,31091191,Posted: 11 April,all,Comkill117,"Well it's here! One of the greatest action games of ALL TIME, and now that it's on PC there's no excuse not to play this awesome game. I'm a huge fan of it on the 360, and you can be sure I'm gonna be playing it a lot on PC."
,Recommended,460790,31091023,Posted: 11 April,all,Reenee,"It's stylish, it's action-packed, and it most certainly will require some skill to get through. Bayonetta is well known for its gameplay and this port breathes new life into the game. Runs flawlessly at max settings on my system, which is a very good thing as I almost always do not endorse buying games on day one. But seeing as Sega and Platinum not only pulled off the port well (at least on Intel systems) and generously offered the game at a budget price, I do not hesitate in recommending this game."
,Recommended,460790,31091078,Posted: 11 April,all,Whalen147,"its good port of a  great game. Couple graphical bugs and glitches (one crash  so far) but other than that, well worth the $20 bucks"
76561198257664912,Recommended,460790,31091105,Posted: 11 April,all,Laughing Coffin,Been waiting to play this game again ever since my PS3 died in 2014...Bayonetta is back!Looks as good as it ever has - and runs even better!
,Recommended,460790,31090868,Posted: 11 April,all,|JSRL| SauJon,Oh boy I love HairWitch is good game 10/10
,Recommended,460790,31110247,Posted: 12 April,all,moistnugget,"Damn good port, love the idea of bringing it to PC to give the people who didnt get a chance to play it before, to play it now. Lets hope for more ports of this quality."
76561198058816577,Recommended,460790,31092267,Posted: 12 April,all,This Guy,It's the original game everybody loves only now it runs better than ever at 60FPS on your sweet sweet 4K monitors with all the PC gaming master race advantages.What are you doing reading reviews? Buy it already!
76561198021312091,Recommended,460790,31105168,Posted: 12 April,all,Gayfraud,"The ps3 version was solid gold- a great and very weird action game whose vivacious protagonist and cast of characters are greatly improved by liberal quantities of leather whips, chains, and playfully-applied medieval torture devices. The PC version appears to be more of the same, but with stunningly improved visuals (in what was already a visually stunning game) and stabler framerates. This game really can't be recommended enough, both for its own merit and to encourage developers who put out competent PC ports of their games at very reasonable prices."
,Recommended,460790,31103630,Posted: 12 April,all,unhealthy internet obsession,"One of my favorite 360 games that I can now replay and have even more fun!  This game is an absolute blast, and it rewards & encourages you for getting better at the game.Thanks for a great port!"
76561198267440234,Recommended,460790,31102829,Posted: 12 April,all,akishitt,Cheekyyy!!!
,Recommended,460790,31103541,Posted: 12 April,all,NutDemon,Swiggity swooty.That's some good booty.
76561198077222801,Recommended,460790,31083973,Posted: 11 April,all,DYN DIM ACSIWN,GOOD GAMEGOOD PORTedit: Later in the game now and I'm getting some stuttering issues here and there. Doesn't ruin the game by any stretch and it isn't constant but I don't really expect things like this from a port of a 7 year old game.
,Recommended,460790,31100781,Posted: 12 April,all,CaptSarge,That's some good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460790,31100859,Posted: 12 April,all,Doktor Boney,Don't ♥♥♥♥ with this witch
,Recommended,460790,31100889,Posted: 12 April,all,Ozzy_jipao,"finally...bayonetta has come(back) to STEAMnear perfect port, 60 fps on my GTX 960, and more importantly, 20 bucks and no denuvo BS. new to bayonetta but you like devil may cry? you'll love this for sure"
76561198237163250,Recommended,460790,31100906,Posted: 12 April,all,Limit Break,Excellent port.
,Recommended,460790,31100978,Posted: 12 April,all,Artillicus,"I had this originally on the PS3 (I know it was the inferior version). But I loved it so much. It was, fittingly, the first game I ever Platinumed on the console. Devil May Cry is one my favorite series and it was a dream come true to have it's originator return the genre. This game is so balls to the wall, or should I say boobs to the tube (does that work?), that it's a complete blast from start to finish.Now that it's on PC I can finally replay it and not have to worry about backwards compatibility (the true killer of consoles). I'm in heaven. No, that's bad. Bayonetta hunts angels. I'm in hell! No, that's no good. Dante hunts demons. Let's just say I'm really happy. Euphoric. That the word.If I had to sum up this game for newbies, it's like really good sex. It's a lot of hard work but it's a vastly enjoyable experience with a hugely satisfying climax. Spoiler:You punch God's soul into the sun."
76561198014939744,Recommended,460790,31101147,Posted: 12 April,all,kawatiny,Bewitching :)More seriously one of the best action game I've ever played and it's an excellent PC port.
,Recommended,460790,31101295,Posted: 12 April,all,WestCoast Weeb,With so little time played on this game. I am in love with it already.
,Recommended,460790,31093402,Posted: 12 April,all,Jiggsaw,good game
,Recommended,460790,31093414,Posted: 12 April,all,Baskura,Over the top fun and a great port.Fingers crossed for a port of Bayonetta 2.
,Recommended,460790,31093559,Posted: 12 April,all,Romanito,Exactly what I was waiting for since my Xbox 360 died.Excellent game.Excellent port.
,Recommended,460790,31093768,Posted: 12 April,all,gamekid,"Welcome to the PC, my witchy friend. Make yourself athome."
76561198057258262,Recommended,460790,31108676,Posted: 12 April,all,Gaius Van Baelsar,"Amazinnnnnnnnnng game, played on 360, and now PC its the definitive version, and a very good port smooth like butter if u like Hack and Slash games, and over the top action this is for you"
,Recommended,460790,31108528,Posted: 12 April,all,Dudeimtank,"Does anyone know how to save, configured Keyboard and Mouse controls, when they are assigned?"
76561198108035969,Recommended,460790,31109420,Posted: 12 April,all,Jesus,"So far, I love this game! This is my first time playing beyonetta, but it's been amazing. I understand I could've played this back on the 360 or ps3, but the best experience is on PC. If you need a game to get into, and on a budget, pick this up. It's really great."
76561198286094777,Recommended,460790,31100569,Posted: 12 April,all,Lizardqueen,"To start off, as far as problems with framerate are concerned, when I first booted up the game and played the Prologue, it was so choppy to the point I couldn't time my dodges properly. I went to look in the discussions a few hours later and found someone had posted a fix. The solution was to go to the NVIDIA control panel, click on Manage 3D Settings, go to the Program Settings tab, add Bayonetta.exe as a program to customise, and then select High-performance NVIDIA processor as the preferred graphics processor. Now I am able to play the game on full graphic settings with silky framerates and seldom a hitch. I'm well above the recommended specs, so the initial problems were quite a concern for me. Hopefully they work for others just as well.Now, as far as the game itself, it's absolutely brilliant. I first played this game back in 2010 a short while after it was initially released, and I spent that entire summer playing the living hell out of this game on Xbox 360. It takes a while for it to get old as it is designed to be played through over and over and so on.Probably the only actual weakness Bayonetta possesses is the plot that is so far up it's own♥♥♥♥♥that I still can't completely grasp it 7 years after originally playing through it (for further exposition and a better understanding of what the hell is going on, I suggest watching the anime Bayonetta: Bloody Fate. It's essentially a rehash of the game's story, but with a noticeably streamlined plot that makes you go ""Oh! I get what that means now!"") It's a minor gripe in my opinion; I enjoy the story and writing, it's just hard to understand, especially on your first playthrough.Apart from that, combat is still exhilarating as ever, replete with a versatile arsenal of infernal weaponry and nifty accessories, some of which yield satisfactory reward if you master them, i.g. The Moon of Mahaa-Kalaa, a bracer that gives you the ability to parry and, with perfect timing, counter an enemy attack, no matter if it's against a lowly Affinity or a boss angel. Aside from a decent selection of special techniques, the combo list in general is insane, each weapon having it's own full list of attacks. And just because it's a button mashy action game does NOT mean it doesn't require skill, especially on higher difficulties. Your reflexes and choice of weaponry are crucial in getting as high of a rank as possible, doubly and even triply so if you are on Infinity Climax or doing a simple challenge (the really good ones of which I shan't spoil, but when you find them they are SICK.). Also, I recommend staying away from the easy difficulty settings as they will hinder your learning of timing and combos thanks to the automatically equipped Immortal Marionette, which only serves to enable pure brain-dead button mashing of the highest order.This game is an absolute gem, tied with Final Fantasy X/X-2 as my favourite game of all time, and I am so happy it's on Steam for new players to experience and even long time fans like me to revisit and appreciate with higher performance fidelity once you fix any issues that may be present upon startup. I'm proud to say this is a fantastic game and I highly recommend it to fans of action games and over-the-top fun overall.TL;DR - Read the first paragraph if you have performance problems (for users of NVIDIA chips, this should help you). This game is brilliant and a must-have for players who enjoy nonsensical fun, convoluted story, and innurendos. Pick this up, you won't be sorry!10 lipstick bullets to the frontal lobe out of 10."
76561198038701868,Recommended,460790,31114832,Posted: 13 April,all,Osmond_NLG,"I'm quite surprised of how well the game performs on PC. It reminds me when they ported Valkyria Chronicles and that performed very well. SEGA done a good job w/ the port. As much I can say Platinum Games done a good port, I have to say about Nier: Automata and how the performance of that game despite the good reviews of it, it doesn't seem the case. Plus the lack of anti-virus software to make people believe that piracy will hurt the sales of the game. I say if you give people a good port, the money will come flowing. It's what I see the difference between the 2 companies and SEGA figuring out how to please their customers. I had to type that so will give the pros and cons.The pros gives a constant 60 fps in-game while 30fps in cutscene. It feels more fluid as if this is what the game intended to be even though the consoles did it's best. Even on max settings it performs well, as if SEGA knows what requirement specs to use to please PC users that are....................like 8 years behind? The price range is perfect, pretty much a steal to buy, to be part of your library.The cons though, well there are some HDR issues where it gives another ""box"" while in cutscene.....very weird. Sometimes the game will crash at points in game that you think it won't happen. Hopefully those will get addressed. Very few cons, but those what hit me while playing it.Would I recommend this game? YepLast words, hopefully what I want to see from SEGA and Platinum Games nxt is Vanquish. That will bring the hype up for that game again."
,Recommended,460790,31111455,Posted: 13 April,all,toonami99,"I bought this to support platinum games, I loved this game back in 2006, but I've done just about everything. As I continue to re-play this there is just one thing that is killing my enthuasiam. THERE IS NO OPTION TO REMAP CONTROLLER BUTTONS in game. Seriously, this is 2017, there really should be this option, not everyone likes playing in the default manner.I am still trying to find a workaround, but Be warned. As I currently write this, you cant change the buttons."
,Recommended,460790,31116638,Posted: 13 April,all,Abathur,"Bought this game in PS3 a few years back. Was still playing. Bayonetta 2 beign on Nintendo was a heartbreaker for me. Was even seriously considering to buy Nintendo for it too. Never thought I'd see it on PC. Now if the sequel would be on PC too I'd start worshiping Hideki Kamiya. Now if only you could give hand to Resident Evil too...As for review, I'll be writing from what I know with PS3 version:Well you get to play a bad witch girl who slaps angels for fun. Quite a rival for Dante too. And you do it with a style that would make Kratos look bad. It's gameplay is fun and doesn't get boring. It's replayable, for various reasons you'll see yourself playing it again and again. From cosmetics to unlocked characters there are a lot of reasons to play it again and again. Story is fun and good enough. Characters are both funny and entertaining. Game itself is challanging, with each completion a harder mode is unlocked. Keeps you on your toes. You'll be angry at the enemies you fight against but never the game play itself. I recommend this game!Let's hope the 3rd game will be on PC too.I'm looking forward to 4th game.Better make the 5th good.I have high expectation for 6th.See you in the 7th's review!"
76561198020720029,Recommended,460790,31116434,Posted: 13 April,all,The Rarest Temmie,A game I wanted to play for a long time but couldn't because I don't have a console... UNTIL NOW!Played the prologue and it felt amazing in 60 fps .... So fuggetabout not buying it.
,Recommended,460790,31115174,Posted: 13 April,all,Optimus_Mega,"I've played this game on 2 other consoles (PS3 and WiiU) and this is the best version of the game. There isn't much to say about the Gameplay because it is the epitome of character action games. It does more than what Devil May Cry does in the way of quirky character development and plot; The movements are more loose and well considered than Dynasty Warriors; The level design isn't the best you'll ever see, but Bayo does a lot of things that you won't see in other games. I enjoyed playing this with the inconsitent frame rates on the PS3 and the awful controller on the WiiU. The PC Version of the game fixes both of those issues, and I can finally enjoy the game in the way that it was meant to be played. You would do yourself a service in buying this game just to have it. Play the game when you're too annoyed at life and just want to beat scores of angels into the ground; and even if you're bad at the game, it has an interesting enough story to keep you laughing and enthralled in its direction.This is the most buy game I've ever played."
76561197969849409,Recommended,460790,31111593,Posted: 13 April,all,Kaelside,"Controls are tight, game is fun and ridiculous and its the best its ever looked :)All-round awesome."
76561198124777007,Recommended,460790,31111525,Posted: 13 April,all,D3v1lk1ss,"The game is awesome and the port is ""decent""...maybe not everyone could see it, but after like 5 min. of gameplay the game starts to have a little stutter like every 7-12 sec. Not a big deal for most peple, but it's pretty annoying to me; and there is no way to set the game at 50 fps to avoid the problem cause it will have MASSIVE stutter too! So, hoping for a patch."
76561198141506625,Recommended,460790,31460303,Posted: 30 April,all,Asian no rice,"If you had this game on PS3, you should buy this game on steam. You'll have better experience, better framerate (ofc duh) and you can now change the voices to Japanese if you didn't like the English."
76561198043862134,Recommended,460790,31450778,Posted: 29 April,all,a bad panda,"Great port, no issues running this game, and challenging enough to be fun. My only gripe the extensive button mashing sequences in the middle of battles. I recommned playing this on a controller. I have not tried to play on the mouse and keyboard so I can't say how good the control scheme is. Nonetheless, This is a great game if you are a fan of hack and slash."
76561198049646754,Recommended,460790,31450718,Posted: 29 April,all,chronomew40,I love this game and have bought it on all systems that it has come out on. I bought this edition in the hopes of suporting the franchise and maybe seeing more work like this. Keep at it Platinum and Team Little AngelPositives+fast paced combat+tight controls+fun protaginistnegitives-some of the challenges can be hair pulling hard
,Recommended,460790,31402719,Posted: 27 April,all,Daii,"Is a great game, a very great port, the story, characters and gameplay are very well, just when you try to play with keyboard and mouse and the start you will have problems but you get use fast, i want Bayonetta 2"
76561198030310426,Recommended,460790,31404149,Posted: 27 April,all,Kristoph,Thoroughly enjoyed this game and would recommend it.  The only gripes I'd have is the occasional difficulty spike and fighting with the camera.
,Recommended,460790,31350030,Posted: 24 April,all,andyzombie14 (アンドンビー,Beautiful 10/10
,Recommended,460790,31123850,Posted: 13 April,all,David,After upgrading to Intel Masterace for an unrelated reason to this game i no longer have a reason to not recommend this so.. fookin lit m8s
76561198104129090,Recommended,460790,31360022,Posted: 25 April,all,<Getaboshi>,Good ported game from platinum.It's one of must have game in your library.
,Recommended,460790,31518812,Posted: 2 May,all,CLARA,"For a PS3 turned steam player, I have been waiting for Bayo PC port ~8 years since its initial release. Can't wait for Bayo 2 to arrive on steam.+ Game works perfect without glitch+ Amazing action combat mechanics+ Cool character design+ Upbeat musicAAA game for action game fans."
,Recommended,460790,31543231,Posted: 4 May,all,2B,This game might have a plot.
,Recommended,460790,31594083,Posted: 6 May,all,BriskGuy,"After beating the game once I can whole-heartly recomend this game. it looks beautiful and is overall a really fun expierience. with a little bit of practice, you too can be pulling off crazy combos and have a blast!"
76561198051732179,Recommended,460790,31589690,Posted: 6 May,all,Shugo,Awesome game. Played it back when it was released on console and it runs super smoothly on PC. Here's hoping for a Bayo 2 port or even a sequel! :)
,Recommended,460790,31594715,Posted: 6 May,all,So LEWD,"Best game!! -,,-"
,Recommended,460790,31633824,Posted: 8 May,all,W1ND,"Amazing. That's really one of the few words that come to my mind when playing this game. The graphics look so vibrant and fluid that make the world of the game look vibrant and clean.The amazing soundtrack that accompanies the beautifuly crafted environments make the scenery of the game just pop that much more and the superb voice acting gives so much life to all of the very interesting, and admittedly goofy characters.The fast paced combat benefits form the gorgeous background and almost eargasmic soundtrack that keep your eyes and glued to your screen.Not only that, but every enemy interaction in this game feels interesting an unique due to the great amount of enemy and weapon variations that keep the fights fresh and interesting. Couple these factors in with an expansive moveset, brutal attack/finisher animations, and creative boss fights, and you have yourself one of the best action games on the market.In conclusion, Bayonetta is one of the best games that I have played in a very long time. The j8aw dropping scenery, expertly written and executed dialogue, fast paced and brutal action, interesting enemy, character, and weapon designs, and an absoulutely MAGNIFICENT soundtrack make this game a steal at it's current 20 dollar price tag and a must have for any action/adventure lover."
,Recommended,460790,31588914,Posted: 6 May,all,m0s,Devil May Cry with bewbs.
76561198057745441,Recommended,460790,31624223,Posted: 8 May,all,DustyMech,"8/10Route 666 was the best Sonic game I've played in years.Obviously the story was absolutely ridiculous, but damn was the gameplay incredible. There were even some moments that made me chuckle.Highly recommened at the asking price."
,Recommended,460790,31585332,Posted: 6 May,all,Sold out Shows,"Overall an incredible game! An experienced player will get at least 3 playthroughs (N, H, Infinity)Great fun as a Hack&Slash with a very solid story, keeps you on the edge. Great character development.Great game, can't wait to play more!"
,Recommended,460790,31591309,Posted: 6 May,all,vontell_,I've been simply wating 7 years for this. It cant be better. Now just wait Nintendo to stop being a b**** and let Bayonetta 2 go.
,Recommended,460790,31618825,Posted: 7 May,all,[FLG] -=GrimPsych3=-,Heard about this game and never tried it on Wii. Yesterday i bought it because now it's on PC and some friends talked about this game it's like Devil May Cry on drugs xD..... I just played a couple of minutes and.... I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAME OMG THIS IS INSAAANE!!! 11/10
76561197990399347,Recommended,460790,31554310,Posted: 5 May,all,KJBagel,"This was my first time playing this game, glad it came out for pc.  I liked it so much I may have to buy Bayonetta 2 for my Wii U9/10"
,Recommended,460790,31124981,Posted: 13 April,all,Nexavss,"Really good game, fisrt impressions are really good. I been having a blast on the little time that I have been okaying this game."
,Recommended,460790,31125010,Posted: 13 April,all,sweet🍀dill,"As long as there's music, I'll keep on dancing."
,Recommended,460790,31138144,Posted: 14 April,all,Dracossaint,"Ok let me just say i love this game, it runs at 60 fps and its smooooth. now on to the criticts to improve it. not saying itsa not a FANTASTIC GAME!ok the color is extremely odff in color profile in 4k (note it dosnt struggle to run at 4k mind you, also a nhew cord and such) it makes red looks purple.  tan an offshade of green, Now some have issues with fram pacing still (seen  people streaming it)and even after the update. now all you have to do is run it in borderless full screen and itsa fixes the 4k color issue. the frame pacing seemed alleviated by going fullscreen for the streamer. a little inconvient though.the frame cap seems to be 60 fps, but i turned off  vysnc and still limited to 60 fps.also the hud was off by default and so was the sound. i was stuck in the first chapter untill i turned the hud on and realised i had to do a touture attack to pass it. hours spent in the same fight and no matter how good i got... i thought i remembered it didnt enable in console untill a later time, but i guess not?Overall do ir ecommend this game?A 1000X YES, it is a very good hackem up, beatem up game for about 15-20 hrs of content its 20$ I HIGHLY suggest this game for anyone that liked games of that style or a fan of the devil may cry series. (same game director and man dose that shows, in a good way though. not like a "" oh this is just a female dante"" ) the story is descent and well thought out and this games bombastiuc in your face digaf additude is a JEWEL in thsi day and age! it dosnt care about pleasing the censors, or this bs or that bs! it is a game and it is what it is! Powerful female protagnist is a Good description of the main charcter. slight bdsm meets milf/ libarian , but in a chessy charming fashion"
,Recommended,460790,31137990,Posted: 14 April,all,Crispy,I am a simple man. I see boobs. I buy.
76561198213658839,Recommended,460790,31142919,Posted: 14 April,all,dejosensi,the perfect gamr for hack and slashnow  we need bayonetta 2 please !!
76561198023765843,Recommended,460790,31138075,Posted: 14 April,all,OG-Tortoise,What you think...if you never played it before...playing it now...if you played it before...play it again in it's updated glory.
,Recommended,460790,31147377,Posted: 14 April,all,3m4nkc1n,"Honestly, because of weak pc download from torrent, saw 30+fps on med/high graphics and bought it without hesitation (?(sorry, I'm Russian))Game are greatXbox 360 controller must have"
,Recommended,460790,31147765,Posted: 14 April,all,Stanley X,I would recommend this video game.
76561198014296177,Recommended,460790,31147986,Posted: 14 April,all,Skaut,Absolutelly amazing !If you are fan of very early Devil May Cry or even DmC then you gonna love it. Whole world is a lot more crazy and overall style is ridicules to the limits but that is what makes this game special. If you can handle Bayonetta`s ruff approach and very stylish sexapeal then you`ll be having a lot of fun playing through whole campaing. Min 13 hours of absolute fun and crazy hack and slash - from vey easy to very demanding playstyle (depanding of difficuly level).Now i got high hopes for Bayonetta 2 and Vanquish - just like everybody else on Steam.Enjoy.
,Recommended,460790,31141969,Posted: 14 April,all,AuthorRreadd,"My first time ever playing the game... Its fun no doubt, but the camera can be sooooo flustrating sometimes. Other than that its a dope game, runs very well on my pc."
,Recommended,460790,31137882,Posted: 14 April,all,[C a n a b i s  N e m e s i s],"10/10~""one cracker of a game"""
,Recommended,460790,31137651,Posted: 14 April,all,dokidokidonuts,"This game is fantastic. I played it when it came out and was super excited to see this pop up out of nowhere on steam.It plays just as well as the original if not better that it can hit 60fps during actual gameplay. The only disappointment was the cutscenes drop to 30fps which caused me massive screentearing, but after turning vysnc on, it runs smooth as butter on High Graphics Settings.Just buy it and you won't be disappointed :D Also it will help convince Platinum to release more of their titles!Played beautifully on High on a 1070 gtx sc, i7-7700"
,Recommended,460790,31124720,Posted: 13 April,all,BOT DEADASS,Bei o nutt ahh
,Recommended,460790,31163117,Posted: 15 April,all,Clayze,"I've always wanted to give this a try, but not having a console at the time prevented that.Anyway, so far the game is a joy to play, even though I've never really played a hack and slash and trying to react and combo lots of things at the time is tough.It's a good way to spend a long weekend."
76561198034930953,Recommended,460790,31162818,Posted: 15 April,all,OBama was a llama!?!?,"It's running fine on my old piece of junk, it's a game I always wanted to play but never could, and it was released for a great price. I've been blown out of the water by how they handled this release. This has been an ideal PC port for me."
76561197998231236,Recommended,460790,31120010,Posted: 13 April,all,kenundrum,"I bought it because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Steam. Plus I saw the Bayonetta 2 review and thought that looked good. While the gameplay is OK for combat generally, the boss battles are beyond stupid and way too plentiful though. The story is horrendously bad. And it doesn't end (at least it feels that way). Near the end, the bad guy monologuing was absurd, and terribly long.I am all for divorcing myself from reality to a decent degree, but this game goes too far. The stroy is a disjointed nightmare. I mean you can somewhat follow it, but it is far too cliche', and nonsensical. Remember the guy you just killed? Well he is back, and none the worse for wear. Remember all the bosses you killed? Well, they are all back, and in one piece.And they throw stupid new ideas at you near the end of the game, like: I never did it before, but all of a sudden I am steering a bullit. Also, there are terribly long sections where you are riding a motorcycle, or a missle, that just feels like an unnecessary minigame to steer and shoot on a rail. On the ground: Oh, you can turn into a raven. Cool. But we ( the Devs) do not want you going that way so here is a nice invisible wall for you. And in between combat many times, they abuse the cliche' bridge falling to pieces as you run across it gag.I wanted to like it. I tried to like it. And while it has some good combat (about 20% of the game is good), it has frustrating and illogical (according to the rest of what you learned in the game) fixed camera boss battles (20%). The walking and looking around is OK, but you are fighting the camera all the time. Another 30-40% is suffering through the story and the terrible motorcycle missle sequences.I changed my review to recommend with the qualifier of skipping the story.Edit: I have been playing through the battles again, and skipping the terrible cutscenes, and the combat is fun and deep, and takes time and practice to get it right. I give the combat of general villians, and minibosses a thumbs up. Still do not like the major bosses but they are tolerable. And I still absolutely hate the motorcycle, missle sections and the entire story. I can't skip the cutscenes fast enough."
76561198264082571,Recommended,460790,31209984,Posted: 17 April,all,Weaver of Nights,"It's a Platinum Game. What does this mean? Over the top action setpieces (ie bosses), and easy to learn, hard to master cobat that is so fun and exciting. The Bayonetta titles have a mechinanic that is a risk reward, so agression is paired with patience quite often. So enjoyable. As far as the port is concerned, top notch. They even decided to ""future proof"" it, allowing for 5k resolutions. One gripe through is do NOT play games like this with a mouse and keyboard. Yes, the controlls work fine, but it's best to be using a DS4 or Gamepad, as a traditional controller was what these games are optimized for."
76561198094016953,Recommended,460790,31893186,Posted: 21 May,all,Neonseraphim,Non stop great action and one of the best ports yet.
,Recommended,460790,31892286,Posted: 21 May,all,thePoark,"Finished on 2017-05-21.  Left me wanting more; here's hoping, by some miracle, Bayonetta 2 can make it to PC (pray to the Nintengods).  I'm probably just getting old, so it was pretty difficult for me on Normal (most of my levels ended with stone medals), but it was an amazing ride.  Really put me in the mood for more good spectacle fighters.  The PC port is really well done; no issues, ran at max settings in 4K and just soaked in the glory."
,Recommended,460790,31895276,Posted: 21 May,all,Kristina,"I am very pleased with the art book included in the first day edition.Anyway, I first played Bayonetta on the PS3. It's safe to say that this isn't a lazy port, like so many other console games that have been brought to Steam.The controls are tight, the dodging is just as satisfying as it ever was and I never get tired of upgrading. I have had no issues running Bayonetta whatsoever. I have not bothered with the keyboard controls.My only problem was with an occasional trial and error quick-time event.If only we could get a port of Bayonetta 2!If you've played and enjoyed any of the Devil May Cry games, or are looking for an action game with breakneck speed: Bayonetta is a solid contender."
76561198110421511,Recommended,460790,31459838,Posted: 30 April,all,Detonation,"Well, I it's nice. Cutscenes are laggy, but during gameplay no lags.EDIT: After last update, cutscenes are no longer laggy."
76561198059200217,Recommended,460790,31888683,Posted: 21 May,all,KonKrz,"This game is everything I love about the japanese people! My one and only instabuy. Classic humor and over the top-ness.Solid gameplay,DMC style.Imaginative enemies.Clothes made of demon-summoning hair.Good stuff.Buy now!"
76561198347056635,Recommended,460790,31776547,Posted: 15 May,all,dallawx,"I absolutely enjoyed this game. it is simply the best fun i have had in years!I am so glad this came to PC. Having played a disappointing glitch-filled game like mass effect Andromeda (A series I love so much since ME1-3 was my best game of all time), I was pleased with my time with literally Hot Bayonetta.The humour, the action, the moves and general gameplay all make a flawless and fun game which is what games should be.Needless to say I am on my 2nd play through."
,Recommended,460790,31805194,Posted: 17 May,all,moke,"The best game in my library. Runs very well, gameplay is fun, multiple playthroughs dont get boring."
,Recommended,460790,31790049,Posted: 16 May,all,topgunLT1,Amazing Hack n slash game that hasnt aged at all since its original console release back in 2009. The PC port performs well too and with 4K support this is indeed a must by for hack n slash games.
76561198085390560,Recommended,460790,31793298,Posted: 16 May,all,BlackButtlet,"If the intro to this game does not get you rock hard for Platinum fun, I don't think anyone can help you. Buy this game and have a stunning good time being sexy and kicking all sorts of heavenly♥♥♥♥♥as you dominate the fodder and legends of Paradiso, usually quite literally."
76561198021664572,Recommended,460790,31809005,Posted: 17 May,all,proci85,"If you have a multiGPU setup, manually set multiGPU to disabled (especially with AMD). Otherwise, the program will start to stutter and eventually CTD."
76561198070696085,Recommended,460790,31798221,Posted: 16 May,all,CJones,"EDIT: Okay, as of the most recent patch, the SteamAPI.DLL bug seems to have been fixed. So as promised, I have changed my review to POSITIVE. Thank you SEGA and/or Platinum Games for fixing such a fantastic game.Original review:Great game. Great port. So why would I give it a NEGATIVE review?Because of the absolutely ludacrous SteamAPI.DLL glitch that, for about 10% of people (such as myself), absolutely tanks the framerate after the prologue, regardless of system specs. The reason why it's it known FACT that the issue is with the steamapi.dll file is that because if you replace that one file with a cracked version from a pirated version of the game, it runs perfectly. Unfortunately this not only disables Steam achievements, but is technically also against the TOS. But it's currently the ONLY way to make the game run playably, if you happen to have this issue, which again, has nothing to do with system specs or OS.Why the developers can't fix in over a month, a game breaking glitch that hackers fixed in a matter of hours, is beyond me. But when they do, I'll gladly change this review to positive. Because again, it is a fantastic game, and other than this one issue, is a very good port."
,Recommended,460790,31866767,Posted: 20 May,all,Wolforn,10/10. Bayonetta is one of those games like Resident Evil 4 where they could just release it on everything and I would keep buying copies of it. Fantastic port of a fantastic game. Hope we see Bayonetta 3 soon.
76561198009417597,Recommended,460790,31228938,Posted: 18 April,all,Raven,"Since there is no other choice besides ""Yes"" or ""No"" for recommending this game, I am forced to say no for the matter that for some reason the frame rate for my game has dropped to unplayable levels yet it was fine until I closed the game to take a break and come back 2 hours later to this issue. Until some kind of fix is made, I can not continue to play though I desperately want to. For the record... I'm not running on a potato.OS: Windows 10 Pro 64-bit. x64-based processorProcessor: AMD FX(tm)-8350 Eight-Core 4.00GHzRAM: 16GBVideocard: EVGA GeForce GTX 1070 SC 8GB DDR5If you can play it without this issue then congrats, you'll love it.EDIT: Latest patch managed to address my issue so now I can finally play the game.Thanks Devs for putting hard work into the game~"
,Recommended,460790,31328290,Posted: 23 April,all,hondsgemein,"I heard this game was fun, but I didn't expect my jaw dropping several times in just the first hour. Also runs perfectly well in 4k/60fps, and SLI doesn't even work yet. Thank you, Sega."
76561198264308111,Recommended,460790,31329172,Posted: 23 April,all,shanks_q8,lovely game
76561198103769709,Recommended,460790,31328364,Posted: 23 April,all,bedunham,"First impression: ""What the hell is going on?! What the hell is that! My Heels are Guns!""The cinematic fight scenes are like fast moving pin up posters with weaponsAbsolutely ridiculous, over the top, and awesome. Groan worthy and addictive"
,Recommended,460790,31343391,Posted: 24 April,all,Gaweyne,Best hack'n'slash I've ever played. So sick.
76561198066791257,Recommended,460790,31343616,Posted: 24 April,all,龍貓,"I have three copies of this game on PS3, Wii U and PC. Not a single regret.The game runs amazingly, even on older computers. It is a serious recommendation to play this game if you haven't ever touched it."
,Recommended,460790,31345087,Posted: 24 April,all,That Greek Guy,One of the best hack n slash beatemups ever. If you like action get this game now.
,Recommended,460790,31340359,Posted: 24 April,all,Aquarius_D,Bayonetta on PC?...Miracles do happen!.This is an example of a timeless classic and a superb port!. I'm really proud to have this game in my Steam collection!
76561198073113238,Recommended,460790,31512107,Posted: 2 May,all,치즈김밥,"This game is worth, so worth!I had this game on Xbox 360 and played it a bit, but quit it back then. I don't understand why i never finished this game?!But after seeing it being released on steam i just picked it up again, and dear lord that was a fun ride! I can only highly recommend this game to anyone that likes to beat stuff up and have an interessting story along.(Didn't have any problems with performance, run smoothly at 60fps all the time, well except cutscene those are only 30fps but that should not be a negative aspect. Excelllent PC port, well done!)"
,Recommended,460790,31515720,Posted: 2 May,all,fangerzero,"One of the very few games I have been able to replay over and over again from start to finish and enjoy it every time. There's something about this game that is just fun. I love the story I love the gameplay the music the characters, I love it all. I even bought Bayonetta 2 even though I didn't own the console. I have yet to play it, but hope it'll eventually make it's way to PC. As for what makes it so damned fun? The actual gameplay is good for a button smasher, the dialogue is phenomenal as long as you can handle it. The music is catchy and easy to listen to for long periods of time."
,Recommended,460790,31518021,Posted: 2 May,all,polastarr,"Having finished this game several times on Xbox 360 and Wii U, being able to replay it in 4K is just awesome, thanks for this awesome game, Platinum :)"
76561197999458496,Recommended,460790,31267330,Posted: 20 April,all,Dave The Insane,Simply the one of the best action games you'll ever play. Platinum Games amazing combat combined with a story that is as empowering as it is sexy make Bayonetta a must-have for every gamer.
,Recommended,460790,31266789,Posted: 20 April,all,Rikki,Beautiful
,Recommended,460790,31270694,Posted: 21 April,all,thrawnhill,Great boss battles and a decent story. The load times are next to nothing and the story is consistant and engaging. Totally worth the 20 bucks.
,Recommended,460790,31356774,Posted: 25 April,all,Sneikk,After many years i get to play this wonderful game..I'm so in love with this game and i recommend it even though the price is big!It's a must-have
76561198385206378,Recommended,460790,31379252,Posted: 26 April,all,mierda,Amazing game
,Recommended,460790,31369319,Posted: 25 April,all,Mister,"Amazing game, great story! I enjoyed playing this though there's a few rare bugs that occur (nothing major)."
76561197966434874,Recommended,460790,31390284,Posted: 27 April,all,Nabilun,"Superlative action game, holds up perfectly well (and arguably outdoes some/most more recent efforts...). Port runs great, capped to 60 fps but rock solid and the game is a totally different experience from the (pretty bad) ps3 version. 100% recommended for anyone even remotely interested in the genre (and for anyone else who just enjoys superb gameplay design)."
76561198374538974,Recommended,460790,31672938,Posted: 10 May,all,New_Bell,simple is best!
76561197971142476,Recommended,460790,31673948,Posted: 10 May,all,kakimena,"Incredible artwork, a world that feels unlike anything else, great humor, good cut scenes, and furious combo-based gameplay with high replay value. Caution: this game is quite challenging on ""Normal"" difficulty. The only downside: some of the fights feel a little too scripted."
,Recommended,460790,31695431,Posted: 11 May,all,Russian Man,fantasic game highly recommend.
,Recommended,460790,31703630,Posted: 12 May,all,NO CONTEXT,"I didn't get to play Bayonetta on the consoles so I am very happy for this really good pc port. Definitely worth the price. 10/10 for the smooth witch action. I hope they make a Bayonetta 2 and Okami PC port,too."
76561198009810322,Recommended,460790,31340804,Posted: 24 April,all,Sevuz,"A solid Action game at 60 fps.Bayonetta can fun but also frustrating. As always the beginning is easy with few challenges along the way. You will get the hang of it after a few hours. Towards the last 3 hours the kid gloves are off and the game will throw meaner and fast enemies at you and you will shout a few curse words in the process. If you want platinum on all levels you better get ready for a few replays. Game has stable performance and had no crashes in my play-throughPros:-	Challenging action-	Holds up pretty well for an old PS3/Xbox 360 port-	Options for 1080,1440p, 4k and 60 fps-	Sexy lead and sexy combatCons:-	Camera can be a bit annoying in some levels-	Lock-on is useless-	Huge difficulty spikes in the later levels which will bring your rage out-       Dodge and sprint shares the same button"
,Recommended,460790,31667604,Posted: 10 May,all,DieMudda,9/10 this is what the old school hack n slash is like. Best hackNslash i have yet to play.
,Recommended,460790,31777754,Posted: 15 May,all,septimus4,This is a beautiful port for a beautiful game. Very happy with my purchase
,Recommended,460790,31777871,Posted: 15 May,all,XxMEMELORDxX,PC players can finally enjoy the glorious world of Bayonetta and it runs PERFECTLY.Best thing Sega has done in years!Highly recommended for any slasher fan
76561198056853976,Recommended,460790,32377083,Posted: 12 June,all,tedtris,"This is one of the best action games ever made.  Amazing combat, great story, incredible character design, perfect music.  Platinum and Hideki Kamiya, holy crap.  Just buy this.  You like God of War? You like Devil May Cry? The action gameplay on this is on another level.  And this pc port is perfect.  Hoping they'll somehow get the rights to port the sequel to pc next."
76561198037314419,Recommended,460790,32394517,Posted: 13 June,all,abuzarhassan,happy to have on pc after long time....excellent.
,Recommended,460790,32396785,Posted: 13 June,all,geyik,"i sincerely wish that women can enjoy this game as a testament to female power fantasy, just as i enjoy conan stories."
,Recommended,460790,31080927,Posted: 11 April,all,Pekko Ojou-sama,Runs silky smooth @ 4K w/ max settings on my medium rig. Menus and other 2D elements don't look stretched. Everything a port should be. NOW GIVE US MORE.
76561198354162916,Recommended,460790,32405140,Posted: 14 June,all,Fenix.,For some reason it runs like crap for me but its bayonetta so ♥♥♥♥ it.
76561198028069623,Recommended,460790,32363763,Posted: 12 June,all,Hans,"Been waiting for this game to come to PC. I absolutely love the PC suppor they've given this title. Game plays very smoothly with the steam controller. Only issue I have with is the locked 30fps framerates on cutscenes, probably because of they were pre-rendered.Definitely a must-buy."
76561198203161604,Recommended,460790,32280126,Posted: 8 June,all,ShadowRunner34,"I have always wanted to play this game.  The second I saw it on steam, went straight to buying it.I was experiencing some lag, but that's probably because of my computer."
,Recommended,460790,32242826,Posted: 7 June,all,FatSackMonk,"I've finished this game with 100% collection and achiements on Xbox 360 many years ago, and now I've finished this game on PC. So it's no doubt I recommend this game. If you have ever liked any Hack & Slash games, like Devil May Cry or something similar, you probably will love this game. I think it is the perfect one of this kind. Many playable elements, secrets, missions, collectibles, high replayability. many combos and weapons. You'll never get boring in this game, even when you are watching the staff screen, you'll find it enjoyable. If there was only a very limited list of games I can highly recommend, this game is definitely the first one in the list."
76561198381445430,Recommended,460790,32323821,Posted: 10 June,all,SJC,"A very fun beat-em-up that I enjoyed from start to end. Hard mode is a pain in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, though."
,Recommended,460790,32340667,Posted: 11 June,all,riachsoup,"I never thought I liked hack and slash games, but this awoke me to the genre. The visuals, the dialogue, even the story are great.I never played this on PS3 so I can't comment on the upgrade from consoles.It is ♥♥♥♥ing mental. I love it."
,Recommended,460790,32066112,Posted: 30 May,all,Davidfoundation,"Best action game, best girl, best bartnede 'nuff said."
,Recommended,460790,32258745,Posted: 7 June,all,ShakeY,"Bayonetta is an action game made by Platinum games. If you have played any of their games before then you know what you are in for.The characters and voice acting in the game is very enjoyable to watch and listen to, the mood of the game is fun and the combat has great depth. The only thing I didn't like was the story, which felt maybe a bit too drawn out for what it was."
,Recommended,460790,31108416,Posted: 12 April,all,AlekswithaK,"What more is there to say about arguably the greatest and most stylish character-action game of all time?It's Bayonetta.  You know what to do.At last, my queen has returned."
76561198339903134,Recommended,460790,31377154,Posted: 26 April,all,Blitz Gazer,"New Review: I bought a new laptop a few days after writing a review for this game thinking that it must be my old laptop that was causing it and I was right. But the game still has some random frame drops or sometimes a short freeze during gameplay and cutscenes regardless of resolution and even on low graphics. I was about to give up on playing this game but a patch came and it fixes everything. Now I can play the game smoothly and without problems, thanks for the patch.Old Review:Thanks for the port PlatinumGames and SEGA, I've been waiting for this game for a very long time.About the game, its Bayonetta what's not to like? Although I'm gonna stop playing this game for a while because my laptop can barely run it. It keeps on skipping some frames the further I go in the story (currently at the stage after obtaining the panther skill? I think) the bigger the skip and its giving me a headache. Will definitely buy the sequel as well, if they decided to port it.I recommend this game to players who like DmC and Female Protagonist, If your not into those then don't bother."
,Recommended,460790,31909742,Posted: 22 May,all,XanderMuncher,"This is one of my top favorite games of all time, and it's one of the only games that made me willing to spend time doing all achievements and platinate all chapters. And the PC port is by far, the best version of this game, period!!I own the X360 and Wii U versions, and the loading times in PC, even to access the menus, is super-fast! No boredom on loading screens, specially when you have​ to repeat a Verse in a chapter. :D"
76561198023997640,Recommended,460790,31909065,Posted: 22 May,all,[FOX],"Best game from PlatinumGames and father of original Devil May Cry game Hideki Kamiya. Bayonetta is a brilliant in world game library. Art style, characters design, music, gameplay, battle system and crazy boss fights - just perfect. If you a fan of action/ hack and slash genre, especially of original DMC games, Bayonetta - made just for you."
,Recommended,460790,31905467,Posted: 22 May,all,"You, But Stronger","This is the definitive way to play the game. It's the original masterpiece, made better with the incredible framerate/resolution unlocks, and the many wonderful options provided by PC. Drop everything and play this game now, it's honestly one of my favorites of all time!"
,Recommended,460790,31906133,Posted: 22 May,all,Skairen,"Well...what can I say....great time from start to finish. Thank you for this port to PC, great performance and no bugs that affected me in any moment. One thing, I don't have a problem with you guys capping your game at 60fps but please, please stop capping your scenes at 30. Is not that big of a deal and you get use to it but is quite annoying. But again apart from that great time with it. I wish you guys could also release Bayonetta 2 on other platforms.....sadly many things need to happen for us to get a release on PC. If you are a fan of Platinum Games and what they can do with time and freedom, this game is a must and Vanquish is other those games you have to enjoy."
,Recommended,460790,31561816,Posted: 5 May,all,DeltaManiac,"As a fan of DMC, and the lassic beat em up and hack n slash genre,  I played this game completely from the start to the end wihtout a break.5/7 Would play again!!"
,Recommended,460790,31519757,Posted: 3 May,all,★ Cynquilla ★,"I've never had the opprotunity to play this game on console, and kept biding my time and finances to get it. Well, a few days after its release, I grabbed it and simply fell in love with Bayonetta. She's gorgeous!! I love the butterfly shadow she casts and love her attitude, her moves, her voice, her actions... 10/10."
,Recommended,460790,31092688,Posted: 12 April,all,Rahkriid,"I have waited a long time for this to hit PC. 100% Bayonetta on Xbox, though I doubt I'll ever be able to do that again.Plain and simple, it's a Hack'N'Slash. Basically Devil May Cry without a complicated button sequence for dodging. If you loved the legacy DMC games, you might jump right into Bayonetta. After all, it's nearly the same devs.Combat is again, Hack'N'Slashy. You have combos make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ and nice finishers to give angels a bad day. Then you have climactic beatdowns to make these golden wretches regret they ever existed.Story is interesting. There is no moral direction of who is good or bad like in DMC. A conflict without a sense of who is good or evil.Music is unique, and just plain awesome. Sampler comes with 6 tracks, which is less than I expected. But no complaints for 20 bucks.Also, realize that this has been designed as an arcade game. I have read that many people hate it for cutscenes, and combat being ""interrupted"". Which it's not being interrupted, it's in stages, or verses in this case. It's designed with the intention of being played in an arcade."
,Recommended,460790,31489508,Posted: 1 May,all,mitochondria,Let's hit the Climax!!
,Recommended,460790,31492518,Posted: 1 May,all,Jinguuji Marimo,Fly me to the moon and let me play among the stars~
,Recommended,460790,31505857,Posted: 2 May,all,˗ˏˋMcMooˊˎ˗,"One of platinum's best games and now on PC, the best version, it goes without saying it's a must buy, pretty cheap too, even better if you get it on sale.Also heel guns.And guns on each god damn limb.More guns."
76561197979729679,Recommended,460790,31515382,Posted: 2 May,all,gaberoc,"So...unlike most here, this i'm new to gaming (lazily using the hub's login even) and after designing a fancy character, am more of the 'let's bop it over the head witha frying pan' style player.  I saw a Bayonetta youtube review and low and behold it is here on steam!!  I've played two hours total, and absolutely love it!!!For all the new players out there, this is RIDICULOUS FUN!!! cheers"
76561198362218616,Recommended,460790,31514327,Posted: 2 May,all,Tempest,I played this game to death on the ps3. I'm so happy it's available on Steam since I got more into PC gaming :D. Probably the most near perfect game of it's type.  Time to go through this again!
,Recommended,460790,31652145,Posted: 9 May,all,hrace009,"DMC Female mode, love this game"
,Recommended,460790,31143138,Posted: 14 April,all,Max Damage [CZ],"Now I understand the fuzz and dissapointment about the fact that Bayonetta 2 was released only on Wii U. Cause this hack & slash game is top notch, even after 7 years when it was originally released.The gameplay is awesome, fluid and fun to play. Lots of enemies and bosses, lots of combos to do, lots of playstyles based on the weapon you are currently using.Graphics are nice. It is obvious that this game is older, but the overall style suits the game. 60 fps is good enough for me. This PC release is a very good work.Story? Crazy as what you would expect from Japan developers. But it is mostly fun and parody.However, seriously, if you do not like japanese games, animes and all that crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will not like this.I finished this game in two long sessions, I was that hooked. I will definitely play it again after some time and I am actually considering to buy Wii U just for the sequel.In other words - 10/10"
,Recommended,460790,31666809,Posted: 10 May,all,FrankofTV,One of the best action games ever
,Recommended,460790,31662077,Posted: 10 May,all,Jenesis,"Great port of a great game! Compared to the PS3, loading times are sleek (You barely get to complete one combo during the loading screen!), graphics are awesome, and gameplay is fluid. Would pay full price for a great game and a great experience! Bayonetta 2 please come to PC too! ^^"
,Recommended,460790,31933311,Posted: 24 May,all,kgsfrog,"Platinum quickly became one of my favorite developers and this was the game that started it all for me.  Bayonetta (originally on xbox 360), Vanquish (same), Bayonetta 2 (Wii U), Transformers Devastation and Nier Automata (PS4), I have enjoyed all of them and recommend each of them whole heartedly."
76561198327489369,Recommended,460790,33653063,Posted: 19 July,all,PennY,pretty good games
,Recommended,460790,33874258,Posted: 28 July,all,OMGitsKonrad3,Ladies and gentlemen its what you've been waiting for...Angel Attack!
,Recommended,460790,33913261,Posted: 30 July,all,Lord KKs,Best Hack and Slash that i have played so far. Deep combo system; really hard; frenetic gameplay.
76561198054351128,Recommended,460790,33830518,Posted: 27 July,all,Starscream,"I feel like this game was made by two team. One very competent and one that doesn't know jack about video games.The game has some excellent ideas and good executions... And sometime just decide to throw it out the window for some reason.They have a ""witch time"" system that basically allows you to transform your ennemies into punching bags so you can have fun with your combos. You trigger it by having a ""perfect dodge"".However, the witch time only activates if you dodge some very specifics attacks, you have no way of knowing wich except if you note every attack in the game. And guess what ? If you do a perfect dodge on an attack that won't give you the witch time, you still get the audio cue telling you you got the Witch Time even though you don't.In the same fashion, like in many games, before attacking, the ennemies gives off a visual cue, a ""flash"". To tell you when to use your perfect dodge.. But no. Some attack will give off the cue one entire second before you need to dodge, some will at the exact moment you need to dodge. So the visual cue doesn't serve any purpose, since you need to watch the animation anyway.The game in itself is very good, but full of inconsistencies that can ruin your gameplay.However, it has it's price going for it, wich is what makes me recommend it."
,Recommended,460790,31188880,Posted: 16 April,all,Kinzo きんぞ,"I've played the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of Bayonetta, I haven't played the Wii U version though. But from what I played and in terms of quality and playablity, I'm gonna have to put the PC verison of Bayonetta inbetween 360 and PS3 for two reasons: When playing with a controller, randomly in the middle of the game my controller set up would change, the D-Pad and Left Stick would switch functions and I had to unplug my controller to fix it. It seems to occur when I go into my menus and back into gameplay. The other reason, and I hope to god not to see it again, was when I was battling Jeanne in Chapter 5 the platforms was flickering on and off and it was really messing with my eyes. Those are my only complaints with this PC version, other than that this game is still fun and entertaining. If you like Devil May Cry, then I highly recommend playing this game."
76561198027094762,Recommended,460790,33847879,Posted: 27 July,all,KoroSensai,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Absolutly love the game no words needed just bloody fantastic!!♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198117792209,Recommended,460790,31792119,Posted: 16 May,all,VolcanoMom53,A modern gaming masterpiece! I love this game so much and would recommend it to anyone.I had never played a hack and slash game or spectacle fighter before this but found it to be extremely entertaining with it's:Fun charactersChallenging but fun and flashy combatCreative level and enemy designAlmost non-stop action! The cutscenes are short and very entertaining in their own rights.
76561198131510411,Recommended,460790,34559935,Posted: 28 August,all,MightyDoodlebug,i liek dis gaem
,Recommended,460790,34476212,Posted: 25 August,all,Jazz Wizard,Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing bananas!
76561198101369184,Recommended,460790,34506672,Posted: 26 August,all,Cole Train,Love it
,Recommended,460790,34505961,Posted: 26 August,all,OstrichMasterRace,good
,Recommended,460790,34055570,Posted: 6 August,all,Quake III,This game is insane
76561198156451517,Recommended,460790,32305988,Posted: 9 June,all,Bill Nye The Nazi Spy,10/10.Easily my top 5 games
,Recommended,460790,34321046,Posted: 17 August,all,Garcin,Was always a great game. Runs best on a PC.
76561198115424990,Recommended,460790,34319529,Posted: 17 August,all,Wolfdaddy,just buy it
76561198153959841,Recommended,460790,34338528,Posted: 18 August,all,Mr. Fahrenheit,"For the love of all that's good and decent in the world, buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198024916171,Recommended,460790,33949615,Posted: 1 August,all,Ztree,"OOOOO, What a Day. Absolutely beautiful a Japanese masterpiece. Please Sega, continue to bring these amazing titles to PC. Arigatou."
,Recommended,460790,34207868,Posted: 13 August,all,Oblivion,One of the best games I've ever played. Love it!
,Recommended,460790,34258692,Posted: 15 August,all,Emily,Badass sexy MILF stomping corrupt angels10/10 would bang
76561198067965692,Recommended,460790,34754835,Posted: 5 September,all,heyevery10,one of your powers is to whip an enemy onto a bdsm horse and chain choke them until death.10/10
76561198098916941,Recommended,460790,34795463,Posted: 7 September,all,XXXRichardspencer,I would've never gotten a chance to play this gem if Sega hadn't ported it. Such a fun game.
76561198238745934,Recommended,460790,34665906,Posted: 1 September,all,16Hrs.Of BO Blocking POWER,its ok i guess
,Recommended,460790,34474923,Posted: 24 August,all,EpicHotSauce,"I paid a ""girl"" to cosplay as Bayonetta to kick me in the balls and ""bust a cap in my ASSSS"". She was a little confused but the climax was mindblowing! 10/10 would get tortured again by an Umbra Witch."
76561198002009022,Recommended,460790,34701423,Posted: 2 September,all,ZarquonReturns,"It's good, and exactly what you'd expect from the trailers. A genuinely enjoyable and ridiculous action-cheesecake-breakdance-boot(ie)-pistol-shooter-fighter, featuring hot hair-only-clad babes fighting evil and the evil good. For freedom and stable realities!Also, it's pretty objectifying of the female form, but c'mon, it's a frickin' video game, not a Lifetime TV mini-series about Virginia Woolf or whatever."
,Recommended,460790,31303047,Posted: 22 April,all,LunarLazuli,"Definitive version of Hideki Kamiya's classic hack and slash masterpiece. 60fps (excluding some cutscenes) and 4k are possible here. Anyone who has suffered with the PS3 version at all will be extremely satisfied when they get their hands on this port. Combat feels even more satisfying and fluid than ever before thanks to the power of PC hardware, and loading times are nonexistent.Bayonetta is a game that just nails everything from presentation to music to (most importantly) tight and satisfying controls. You'll often see Bayonetta being compared to DMC or even being slandered as a rehash but I think that's a pretty unfair assessment. Both games play extremely differently especially regarding the pace. DMC is far more slow and combo based while Bayonetta is fast and centers a lot around timing your dodges. Combos still exist here and they remain important but there is a bit of a focus shift in terms of how to score well in Bayo compared to DMC. Because dodging is a big part of the game, your score suffers immensely if you take a lot of hits. Pulling off flawless verses to earn Pure Platinum medals is immensely satisfying and for me personally the scoring system is one of the biggest strengths of the game overall. Suffice it to say I'm a huge fan of both games and I just wanted to highlight some of the things that make Bayo stand out despite having a less complex combo system.  It is more than made up for with other gameplay elements that balance it out and produce a game that is just as good as (if not better than, depending on your prefrences) the Devil May Cry series.It's also worth highlighting that in the modern age of cut content, and relentless dlc/microtransaction hell Bayo is a game that actually just rewards you for playing instead of paying. As you play you can unlock things such as new difficulties, hidden upgrades within levels, secret weapons, characters, outfits, etc. To use a modern example, Zelda Breath of the Wild just charged extra for its ""Master Mode"" difficulty, where Bayonetta simply lets you unlock Infinite Climax for free. On the same topic of BotW, there is gear that can only be unlocked through buying and using Amiibos instead of, you know, exploring the giant world they made and feeling rewarded when you find it. Bayonetta is made by a team of people who have real passion for videogames, and aren't trying to rip you off. Support companies like Platinum every step of the way to encourage these consumer friendly game design choices.Bayonetta alongside Devil May Cry 3/4 are easily some of the finest action games ever made, so it's fantastic to finally see this on Steam. If you are an action game fan you absolutely owe it to yourself to pick this game up if you haven't yet."
76561197980796094,Recommended,460790,31511312,Posted: 2 May,all,witness1,"Bayonetta IS one of the best if not THE best spectacle fighter out there (although Bayonetta 2 could be better, which we will never know, because Nintendo isn't going to port it...). The PC version is supreme! I own the PS3 version also - in fact, I bought a PS3 just for Bayonetta. I must say, the PC port is amazing. No stuttering, no  loss in responsiveness, just brilliant.It is hard! Challenging is a bit of an understatement. It took me along time to become good. But my oh my is it worth it. The artstyle alone would be worth it!The last of the Umbra Witches fights against angels (oh no you don't know what ""angels"" are to Platinum Games...) and does some world rescue stuff while looking good doing it.Currency-grinding gets a bit annoying in the end. Look up some hints for that.Have I mentioned how fantastic this game is? Yes? Well I will repeat myself gladly in this point!PS: Do me a favor and buy it, so Platinum and SEGA get an understanding that console exclusives are bad for their business. TXFollow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=298050"
,Recommended,460790,34874367,Posted: 10 September,all,Frostilyte,"Bayonetta is a game I highly recommended. I was nervous when I first approached it, but that quickly fell to the wayside when I discovered I could hone my ability to play it using the high level of customization for difficulty. The visual style and pacing of the game on top of the over the top nature of the characters, cut scenes, and the hack and slash sections of the game all had me deeply engaged in Bayonetta. Bayonetta is an outstanding example of how to tie a game’s mechanics, design, and story into a cohesive package and was really fun to play. If you haven’t played it already, consider giving it a look. Bayonetta is a very special game."
,Recommended,460790,34856064,Posted: 10 September,all,mag666123,"Bayonetta is one of if not THE most fun action game ever made. Awesome combos, giant enemies, cool tricks and good writing are all present. The PC port is the best version, with a constant smooth 60fps 1080p, making the game feel and look even better.10/10 This game should already be in your library"
,Recommended,460790,34963540,Posted: 14 September,all,Xion,"GREAT! Thanks a lot Platinum! Now I have to buy a Wii U and the sequel just because I love this game so goddamn much!No seriously, I wouldn't do that. But seriously this game is good enough to make me want to do that. I'll admit the KB+M controls are a bit odd to get used to, but I found them more reliable than a controller. Perfectly playable either way and would recommend the controller for the QTE prompts. I gave it a first run playthrough using KB+M though and other than not being able to press keys with my fingers as fast as I can controller buttons with my thumbs, I have no complaints. Mechanically everything is pristine perfection. I do wish it was more obvious when gameplay was about to start as a cinematic transitions into it, and I wish the opening sequence hadn't dragged on as long as it did, but trivial nit-picks at best. This is Platinum Games at it's finest and it stuns me they've only been getting better since. I doubt Nintendo will allow even a ""Nintendo content stripped out"" version of Bayonetta 2 on PC, but I would buy it at even $60 if they did. Otherwise I'll have to use alternative means to play it.What? You've not heard of Platinum Games? Well, this studio that made this game and many other great action games before and since is probably the singular BEST studio at making action-combat games in the industry right now. They mostly make hack'n'slash and brawlers, but have done at least one 3rd-person shooter as well. This game for as little as it sold is probably the game that made them famous. Not for how great the gameplay is though, but for the controversy of how ""objectified"" Bayonetta is. Let's set that record straight: SHE IS NOT OBJECTIFIED!!! Not at all. At least not in the game; can't say the same for all the fanfic out there... Bayonetta is a female protagonist that is characterized to own her sexuality. She's not abusing it to get what she wants, she taunts and flaunts with it like any self-respecting woman does. It's taken to a comedic extreme sure, but that's to counter-balance how exaggerated male protagonists are in mainstream games. You cannot go wrong with Platinum Games starting here. If you like Hack'n'Slash or Brawlers, even as old as this is now, it'll still easily make anyone's top ten in those genres."
,Recommended,460790,35002140,Posted: 16 September,all,mcbargava,"A very good port and also well supported by SEGA/ Platinum. Not like Nier automata, which seems to have almost no support after many months on PC (during the time of my writing)."
,Recommended,460790,35371008,Posted: 1 October,all,Lazuli Nova,"This is an amazing game with an amazing story line. The game took me 3 continuous days to finish and I don't regret it. This game is something worth the money, I can play this as many times as I want and I will never get bored of it. Right now I'm trying to get 100% achievements."
,Recommended,460790,35366375,Posted: 30 September,all,FeelsBadMan,"amazing voice acting, gameplay, and storyline. definitely a must buy."
,Not Recommended,460790,31251009,Posted: 20 April,all,C0DA,Some frame rate issues make it unplayable for some despite many official & unofficial patches
76561198085045446,Recommended,460790,35315264,Posted: 29 September,all,Hentie Dj,1 of my fave games from when i was a kid. y did they cancle 2gameplay if u never played this game. uploading the full game storyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNHHdr76hHc&t=397s&list=PLMZdVFd55PqwXEdwjbyG7Cna8HvOw2p-G&index=1
,Recommended,460790,35499280,Posted: 5 October,all,UltimateWifu,i played it for the plot
76561197975754030,Recommended,460790,35431397,Posted: 2 October,all,Banni,Good PC port
76561198073121774,Recommended,460790,35473180,Posted: 4 October,all,Bohrito,"Absurd, Over the Top, Crazy, but damn is it a good and enjoyable game! story is not too gripping but interesting nonetheless. Grab yourself a controller and start hack n slashing!"
,Recommended,460790,35479731,Posted: 4 October,all,Lukecis,"I've always heard good things of Bayonetta, so I was pretty excited to play it finally myself. And I like it very much. Very much? Sounds like I have problems with the game. Why? Because there are design choices which are no-gos in any videogame. So I only like it. And the final straw that made me write this review is Chapter 3.Let me start with the good things:The fighting is very fun, you have a lot of freedom to move and attack with several weapons and many skills to destroy your enemies.The story (although I'm not too far into it yet) is very interesting and makes you want to know more about it.You can unlock more weapons and skills in a shop, where you can also buy several Lollipops, which are used as ""potions"". You can craft these Items by yourself as well. The music is very good and fits to the gameplay.The visuals are astonishing and add perfectly to the action.The fact that Bayonetta is basically naked the entire time (her dress is formed from her hair) makes my pathethically little reproductive organ explode.The bad things:Quick Time Events. I don't like them, but I accept them in videogames, since they were always a part of it. But in Bayonetta, they are the spawn of the devil. What the heck developers? The player can't expect them when playing the game for the first time. The game gives you like 1 second to realize there comes a QTE (indicated by a symbol at the bottom) and even less time to see which button you are supposed to press and to react to it. If you miss that moment, you die instantly.That's just...no! That's something that should NEVER be in any videogame. I'm a normal human being with a normal reaction span, noasiansuper computer. A proper indication that there will come a QTE with 1 or 2 seconds more to react would be already fine. I know the game is supposed to be played multiple times, so later you know what's coming, but that's no excuse for a horrible design choice like that. No, just no!Like I said above, the final straw making me write this review was chapter 3. I'm going to describe a short sequence now, so if you mind that, stop reading now.After repairing the first bridge in the lava cave, you come to a second one, which starts to break once you run over it. Well, what is that over there? Something that looks like stairs, guess I have to get to the piece right of it to walk up after barely getting to the end of the bridge before it falls. Oops, looks like when I jump over there, an invisible wall lets me fall to the 1st death.Well, I thought, maybe I just didn't jump in the right moment. Let's try it again. 2nd death. Ok, that's not the way for sure. Running up the wall doesn't work either. 3rd death.What do you have to do? Of course, fall down with the last piece of the bridge until ""Press A"" appears and jump in the right moment, triggering a cutscene. Due to the suddeness of this, I died again. How is anyone supposed to know that in the first place? I died4 timesfiguring out what to do here. Maybe it's justBayonettas rearmy own stupidity. Or the fact that I can't fckn see the future. But that's stupid. Seriously.The conclusion:All in all, the game is very goodand definitly better than Ride to Hell: Retribution. I will play it until the end, but I will now expect more of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t coming up. That's really sad, because I started playing with very good expetations. But it kills some of the fun knowing there will be more and maybe even worse sequences like I experienced yet. I'm interested in what the game will offer me in the later chapters.Since above points are only a small part of the whole thing, I will recommend this game. But as a gamer by heart, I can't ignore those terrible design choices which sabotage the experience for me. I heard the sequel has no QTEs, so the developers seem to be able to learn (something you can't expect from all game developers(looking at Monolith Productions)in nowadays gaming industry), so they get aGood Noodle Starfrom me. What an honor!"
