user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198064433551,Recommended,460810,32234559,Posted: 7 June,all,Bretty-Bretty Golden Spaghetti,"You can rocket slide on your knees into an enemy robot, backflip off of that robot's face, enter bullet time, pull out your Sniper Rifle and head shot three more robots before you hit the ground.Not as part of a QTE or anything, just in normal gameplay.10/10."
,Recommended,460810,32035475,Posted: 28 May,all,Papa_Barstow,Vanquish is like max payne had sex with gears of war and then the baby took gymnasticsEDIT: the first 99% of this game is pretty easy. But the last 2 bossfights......................goddamnEdit 2: Third playthrough and this game is still pretty fun. Story is trash garbage thoug but is to be expected
,Recommended,460810,31953518,Posted: 25 May,all,cole roddy,"The definitive version of the game.First Bayonetta, and now this.Thanks again, SEGA and Platinum.Bring us some more!Digital Foundry port review below:www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUYvoKdowJE"
,Recommended,460810,32075190,Posted: 30 May,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Vanquish is so radical I frosted the tips of my hair and then cried when people bullied me about my frosted tips.In the distance future of 19XX, San Francisco is attacked by the world's baldest man and his giant microwave gun. Baldest Man then declares war on the United States and demands an unconditional surrender. Unwilling to surrender, the President sends out her moon-man army to stop Baldest and his army of Mega-Mans on the space station known as Providence where both Baldest Man, his Mega-Mans and the microwave gun are.You play as Sam Gideon, a chain smoker with a cool suit. Sam must team up with large Steve Blum and his army of Moon-Men to both stop Baldest Man from firing the microwave gun again as well as find someone he's looking for. But much like my mental health, everything spiraled out of control real quick and Sam is forced to do cool things over the course of about...I dunno, five hours?Yeah five hours.Spankwish is a third person shooter with a big emphasis on mobility. While you can be a big stinky nerd and play it like a traditional shooter. Sam's cool suit allows him for a measure of mobility not usually seen in the genre. Not only can he dash, jump, and punch with the force of one hundred angry gorillas, but you can also slow down everything while doing certain action. They explain why, but I wasn't listening.All these tools together work well in styling on any robot fool that gets in your way. The amount of mobility Sam has mixed with the mouse aiming not present in the original console release means you'll be spending a lot of time looking like someone out of an action movie.Madfish is also surprisingly a really military-focused game. You're rarely alone while on Providence and are usually accompanied by a good number of moon-men who sometimes even manage to kill something. It's really weird how a video from the fictional civilization of Japan can make a game feel more like a military shooter than most military shooters.The PC port also has some surprises, like opening a dumpster and finding an angry raccoon, only good.There are a few weapons that I don't recognize from the PS3 version of the game, like the armored-piercing pistol or the big pew pew laser gun.The game ran a solid 60 fps for me all the way through, I didn't notice any kind of slowdown. I was told that there was a glitch while I was playing that tied damage to framerate or something to that extent, but if you're being hit often enough that this is actually a deal breaker for you, then you're probably playing the game wrong.Not that I'm saying a glitch like that is excusable. But c'mon man, you're not a game journalist for IGN, get your act together.You should probably play Vanquish, or don't, I'm just a homeless man in a business suit, you shouldn't listen to me.Still I'm going to give it 11 sliding across the floor at mach speeds out of 6 or so.Police officers are blue because they were originally surplus US army uniforms after the civil war.The curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curationOh hey, this is also my 100th contribution to the curator. Hollywood, here we come!"
,Recommended,460810,32346103,Posted: 11 June,all,LittleBattler,"I love going fast, this game lets me go fast.Shooting while going fast is hard, game lets me slow down time to aim while going fast.Fast."
,Recommended,460810,31966897,Posted: 25 May,all,vin,"Unlocked framerate, 144hz refresh rate, 4k resoultion, mouse and keyboard. This port is a dream come true."
,Recommended,460810,34147301,Posted: 10 August,all,Neo,"Really fun, fast paced third person shooter.Its main downside is the short campaign, but it´s a great game to play and you can control it perfectly on keyboard and mouse.Looking forward for more SEGA ports to the PC (Persona and Yakuza, SEGA PLS)."
,Recommended,460810,31957118,Posted: 25 May,all,VaaN,"""Gears of War"" meets ""Sonic the Hedgehog""."
76561197973616173,Recommended,460810,33670184,Posted: 20 July,all,rosshaslett,"Frankly I really enjoyed this game. I was worried when they said this was a port from console because I do not have the ""twitch"" reactions that the youger players have ( I am almost 60 ) so I played it on casual. I had a bloody blast playing it!!! The guns felt good and the sliding was great. I even got the hang of AR towards the end. Just to show people what I really thought I am now going to play the game qn a higher setting and the again higher if I get good enough. The only down side is that it did not go on long enough. Oh well off to play on normal. Buy this game if you like a shooter now and again and enjoy yorself."
,Recommended,460810,31954383,Posted: 25 May,all,Blattdorf,"Runs well, plays well! The definitive version of Vanquish!"
,Recommended,460810,32653410,Posted: 22 June,all,The Poet,Best Action of 2010.Best Action of 2017.
,Recommended,460810,32378404,Posted: 12 June,all,CULT|recoil,Super Gears of War Turbo Championship Edition.
,Recommended,460810,31954254,Posted: 25 May,all,LaughingButterCup,"It may be short but, i'd prefer a shorter, fun and more polished game over a long, boring and repetitive game anyday!.......looking at you resident evil 6!I loved it on the 360, happy it's now on the PC!"
,Recommended,460810,32561430,Posted: 19 June,all,grafica,+high speed actioninteresting enemieslooks amazingfunbig robotsexposionsgreat portat its best with mouse and keyboardb-movie like experiencedifficulty settings and challenges add replay value-too short
,Recommended,460810,31965229,Posted: 25 May,all,CULT|icycalm,Third-person shooting refined to the nth degree. A worthy successor to Max Payne and Gears of War.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html
,Recommended,460810,32030060,Posted: 28 May,all,๖Fluffy,Getting tired of fighting russians in CSGO? Well this game got you covered.Because here you'll fight robotic russians.
,Recommended,460810,31958536,Posted: 25 May,all,Gatsu,"One of the coolest 3rd person shooters ever made. This fast action is something that hasn't been in games very often and the powersliding is awesome. PC port seems to be perfect and with different voice language choices too. I played this a long time ago on PS3, so I am happy to see this on Steam finally :D. Hella recommended if you want one epic experience.Prepare for the space Normandy."
,Recommended,460810,32021823,Posted: 28 May,all,Pikapool,"Vanquish is an old PS3 game, one of the best PS3 games at that time (IMO). Its a 3rd person cover shooter with a cyborg suit and bunch of robotic ♥♥♥♥♥es to kill. I played this game quite a long time ago on my ps3, to be honest, I was having a hard time because playing this game with a controller is a big no for me, aiming is hard, and it could lead to frustration especially in Challenge Mode, the game has difficulty rating of 9.5 (10 is the highest in playstationtrophies website). Yeah, its a no joke if you want to get 100% it, I got my platinum in about 40-50 hours, I dont know how will I do with KBM though.Story:Its about a terrorist ♥♥♥♥♥ing about money or world domination, I am not sure which one, I didnt put much attention to the story. But one thing for sure, the final boss battle is my favourite.Controls:The controls can be remapped in the option, you can remap everything which can be remapped. No input delay, no double function in a same button. But I suggest to adjust the aiming and zooming sensitivity, if you leave it at default, when you zoom, its gonna get berserk like it moves so fast and makes it hard to aim.Graphic:We got quite an upgrade here in PC version. In the graphic option we got resolution, display mode, AA (Edge dan FXAA), filtering we got bilinera, trilinear and antisoptric, SSAO quality option (low, normal, high), HDR option, and LOD  ( I dont know what is this, please dont ask me about this). One more thing, there is a bug that tied to your fps, the high the fps, the more damage you received (aka the faster you die).Gameplay:Just like any other shooter, but what makes Vanquish different is the sliding, you can slide boost by kneeling, its cool, so dont worry. While slide boosting you can activate AR mode by aiming, its basically a slowmo mode, it also activated automatically when you are near death. For weapons, we got assault rifle, heavy and boosted machine gun, shotgun, AA pistol(my favourite), rocket launcher, LFE gun, disk launcher, lock on laser, EMP and HE grenade. Weapons can be upgrade when you're picking the same weapon (only when you already have full ammo on that weapon, if has less ammo, it will replenish the ammo instead of upgrading it), upgrading the weapon increase firepower and max magazines. Tips: stick with your assault rifle, its quite powerful when it has reached maximum level. Certain boss battles has QTE (a cool one). Enemies also has varieties, from grunts, jumping ♥♥♥♥♥es, huge robot with flamenwerfer, huge robot with rocker launcher on its back, balls, squares/rectangles, drill robots, etc.Conclusion: This game worths full price, but its your money, your choice, but you have to get it. Its an amazing game. Support console port from SEGA, maybe someday we can get Persona on PC."
,Recommended,460810,32880448,Posted: 27 June,all,Rainjar,"There are many third person shooters on the market but none are quite like Vanquish.If you know anything about the studio behind this game, Platinum Games, then you're most likely aware they're popular for over-the-top action games which tend to have fairly tongue-in-cheek stories and Vanquish is no exception. You play as a smoking one-liner machine in a DAPRA suit working alongside the U.S army to take down the Russians giant space city guarded by robots. It's pretty silly to say the least and that's without getting into how brilliant the cheesy dialogue is. As the game doesn't take itself too seriously it's easy to enjoy it as the popcorn action flick that it is, the only downside is it can occasionally feel like it gets in the way at times which disrupts the pacing.The real meat of this title is its gameplay. Directed by renowned industry veteran Shinji Mikami, the man behind Resident Evil 4 which influenced countless games since, you can bet your bottom dollar you're getting another interesting take on the third person genre. Slow motion features in titles like Max Payne aren't that uncommon however Vanquish mixes this up with the ability to go insanely fast to get around the area. When this is coupled with the ability to slip into slow-motion while aiming and truck loads of enemies shooting hundreds of bullets at you it creates a dense action experience that other games can't even compete with, especially if you play it on the high difficulty settings that are extremely punishing making every bullet a massive threat. Leaping over cover then speed boosting along the ground at ridiculous speeds to kick an enemy square in the chest, then leaping off its exploding body while shooting its allies in mid-air in slow motion is very satisfying and there are few games I can think of that make you feel as much of a badass. The game mostly consists of basic robots but there are certainly enough enemy types as you progress through the games five to six hour campaign that'll give you more of a challenge and force you to think a little bit about how you're going to approach the situation.Unfortunately the game does have one major issue in that you can just play it as a straight up generic third person shooter. You can stick to cover and just play it safe with no real threats aside from a few rare enemy attacks and the disincentive of having a lower score at the end of a chapter which I think few will care about. This along with a fairly bland, rarely changing environment throughout the game can lead to a rather boring experience which I feel is why Vanquish isn't held up more as a must play TPS. The game can also feel conflicting at times depending on higher difficulties, where trying to be constantly out in the open speeding around will  result in your getting killed plenty of times due to the many ways in which your suit overheats leaving you wide open for a barrage of attacks, meaning players really have to try strike that balance with the playstyle they want to match the difficulty settings.In closing Vanquish is absolutely worth recommending but be prepared to reconsider the way you're playing if it's not clicking for you. Personally I have put many hours into the campaign on multiple difficulty settings along with the challenge rooms on the Playstation 3 version. It's always been a game I can just pick up whenever and enjoy just as much as I did the first time, so I have no doubt I'll continue revisiting the game for years to come and hopefully you will too.-If you enjoyed my review you may like my wordpress where I write about games in general and review titles that may not be on Steam:https://rainjarblog.wordpress.com/"
,Recommended,460810,32057163,Posted: 29 May,all,TheOnlyFury,"Vanquish is cheesy. Vanquish is very ""B movie."" Vanquish questions the lines between corporations and militaries while allowing players to punch gigantic robotic dinosaurs in the spine until they explode.Please understand that Vanquish does NOT take itself seriously, and you shouldn't either. The story is serviceable (and even fun at times), but it really only exists as a vehicle to carry you  through well-designed levels of mayhem. The controls are tight, PC optimization is incredible and it feels great to be back! Spend the hour or two it takes the game to get going and you'll be skating around industrial complexes and shooting rockets at robotic jellyfish in no time.TLDR: If you like the look of the gameplay, this title is for you."
76561197971021986,Recommended,460810,32206423,Posted: 5 June,all,uni1313,"Vanquish is a port of a console game for PS3 and Xbox 360 from 2010. In 2017, it was ported to PC following the port of the game Bayonetta also from Platinum Games.The game is a fast third person arcade action shooter. It’s set in a future earth where you must stop a Russian space station from destroying the US. The game plays inside this giant space station that is guarded by an army of robots. You play a soldier which uses a mechanical suit to which gives you special powers. Together with marines you must stop the Russians.The gameplay can be compared to a game like Gears of War. You also must take a lot of cover but much less than in Gears of War. To beat the game, you must master the AR Mode which is a sort of ‘slow motion’. You have a lot of different weapons and some grenades as weapons. The game can be finished in 6 to 7 hours – but this is an arcade shooter made for replay ability.The graphics are impressive – but a bit dated, which is normal for a 7-year-old game. This port supports a lot of configuration options for the graphics. For ultrawide – 21:9 aspect ratio users there is a workaround which you can use to have no ‘black borders’. I can confirm that the game works flawlessly on 2560*1080 at 21:9 aspect ratio.The sound is OK, but nothing special.I highly recommend this game!"
76561198009232769,Recommended,460810,34275430,Posted: 16 August,all,Oatmeal Guy,GAS GAS GASI'M GONNA STEP ON THE GASTONIGHT I'LL FLY
,Recommended,460810,34021233,Posted: 4 August,all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"This game is one of the best exponents of its kind.Title of the action that is carried out in a masterly way.Fast and steady action, the title never slows down throughout history.In about 8 hours you can complete the story.It is a wonder with regard to the gameplay and graphics competing alongside the greats of the genre of modern times.I did not find any type of problem or against which it is worth mentioning.The controls respond magnificently, excellent game.Frantic and non-stop from start to finish. 60 FPS agile and stable, a very good title.100% recommended."
76561198037650969,Recommended,460810,31958147,Posted: 25 May,all,FroheMilchmann,"Perfect PC port of a perfect 3d person shooter.Well done, SEGA, well done."
,Recommended,460810,31980587,Posted: 26 May,all,Talvieno,"THIS IS NOT A COVER SHOOTER.I'll make that absolutely clear, right from the beginning. This is not a Gears of War clone. It may have an atmosphere vaguely similar to Gears, but it is not Gears, does not play like Gears, and playing like Gears should not be attempted. Cover is for making sure your head is on straight before you jump back into the action.The game is a fast-paced bullet hell mania, like somebody crossed Sonic the Hedgehog and Touhou with our beloved Gears of War. If you play it like Gears of War, you're gonna have a bad time.The gameplay is amazing. You get a rocket slide that really makes you feel like you have rockets strapped to you. You get a slow-mo mode that you can trigger whenever you want (provided it's not on cooldown). Everything is glitzy and cheesy, and completely over-the-top. It's action. It's eyecandy. It's not supposed to be anything else, and it's all the more glorious for it. Like DOOM 2016, this is a game that knows what it wants to be and is unapologetically confident about it. The dialogue and story are just as over-the-top and cheesy as the action. The game knows it. It wants to be over-the-top, and by god, it manages it.If you're not a fan of moving around a lot while you shoot, this isn't your game. If you prefer shooters where you can play the sniper, this isn't your game. If you like using cover, or dislike twitch shooters, go somewhere else. This isn't your game. However...... If you like getting up in the face of an enemy at speeds that make you feel like the mother♥♥♥♥ing flash, rocketboot flip-kicking them in the chest, and following that up with a shotgun blast to the face while you're still in midair (and then a grenade like the cherry on top) - this game is absolutely, one hundred percent for you.The gameplay is hard. There's no question about that. This game isn't forgiving and it'll make you work for the wins you get, but as you play, you'll get very noticeably better. And the better you get, the cooler it will feel.Cons:- Yes, this game is short. There's a lot of replay value, though, especially if you're the type that likes speedrunning or perfecting your playstyle. The skill ceiling is VERY high in this game.- There's currently a bug that makes you take damage a lot faster at high framerates. If this discourages you, sit it out until it's fixed.- The story is terrible. It's a good kind of terrible, though - the kind where it doesn't really matter how bad the story or acting is - it doesn't matter that the actors sound like they're constipated after swallowing a cup of gravel. The gameplay is fun enough that you likely won't even care."
,Recommended,460810,32076332,Posted: 30 May,all,procrastinatr,"I remember thinking that this game looked cool as hell when it came out on the 360 and PS3 7 years ago. Now that I finally own it in the form of the PC port, I can finally tell past-me that Vanquish is, indeed, the most spectacular TPS I have ever played.I pick the word ""spectacular"" very deliberately, as this is a game intended to reward skillful, precision input with extremely frantic, beautifully animated, and thoroughly over the top visual feedback. Shinji Mikami (Resident Evil series, God Hand) carried over some design philosophies from RE4, making this the only other game in existence where I am actually excited to see a QTE pop up, because I know A) it will be fair, and B) will actually depict something more spectacular than the in-game mechanics could easily allow. It's icing on the cake instead of robbing you of doing cool things yourself, because everything you *can* do would be the actual QTE in another game.Although at first blush it's another Gears of War styled cover-based shooter, cover in Vanquish exsists to serve one specific purpose: to give you a few seconds to recharge your juice and catch your breath before literally diving straight out into the fray. With tools at your disposal such as bullet-time, slide-boosting, slide-boosting INTO bullet time, and extensive weapon upgrades, Vanquish actually has more in common with a character action fighter a la DMC or Bayonetta than a third-person shooter. Once you get your grip on the mechanics and find yourself tangling with your first significant opponent, it becomes clean, fast, and mesmerizing.Of course, no game is perfect, so I feel inclined to note that Vanquish could do with more enemy and level variety; you'll be seeing the same red, blue, and grey foes and mostly the same grey space station for a lot of the game. That said, the few enemies that are here all behave very distinctly from one another, and the game is very smart about finding new ways to combine them and situate them in levels to keep the challenges fresh and rewarding. The game certainly never gets boring, although it could be said that this is because it is certainly on the lean side in terms of raw gameplay hours. This doesn't bother me personally because Platinum Games subscribes to a very traditional, arcade design philosophy where you beat a game, then become intimate with its mechanics through replaying and challenge modes. Vanquish has enough going on that it is rewarding to replay, and I intend to come back to it on and off regularly now that I have completed it.Back in the day, I remember that the game got slammed for its lackluster story, as if an action game by Shinji Mikami ever had a compelling, philosophical narrative as a goal. The dialogue is awful, the acting is hammy, the camerawork and action are fantastic and actually interesting and original. If you are the kind of person who can enjoy Pacific Rim, for example, it won't bother you.I've become a far more cynical and wary consumer in this wonderfully corrupt video game industry of ours, but playing Vanquish was highly refreshing, because in no way did age destroy the idea of this game I had in my head 7 years ago; I enjoyed it today exactly as much as I thought I would in 2010, which is kind of an uplifting thing to realize."
,Recommended,460810,32012799,Posted: 27 May,all,fawky,he scoot butt
,Recommended,460810,31958857,Posted: 25 May,all,Steelrain🎃,Now THIS is how you port a game. Bravo Platty.
76561198050998958,Recommended,460810,34367564,Posted: 20 August,all,riggadahigga,"In terms of the quality of this PC port, it's honestly outstanding and feels even better to play it on PC than it did on console all those years ago. The gameplay is truly classic with it's bullet-time mechanics and movement feeling almost like a mecha-anime-dark-souls kind of deal. The difficulty, at least for me, is similar to that of DOOM whereas the standard difficulty is not unnecessarily hard but still poses a challenge.What holds this game back are the problems with its story. Yes, going into a game like this, one shouldn't expect much of an intriguing story to follow a game praised for its arcady action, but what is disappointing is how much potential there was given the setting and scenario presented.It's largely about a war between Russia and the U.S., with the player taking control of an advanced robotic suit to be deployed alongside U.S. Soldiers. This also takes place on a centrifuge-like colony floating out in space, full of different railways, dams, and all sorts of cool buildings. The soldiers you accompany, one character in particular, are all about getting the job done, no matter the cost, which leads to conflicting ideals between the two leads.Given all these components, the story sounds interesting enough, right? Well, unfortunately, this story is taken on too many wrong turns, with certain cutscenes being entirely unimportant because the characters aren't given enough to them. By the end of the game, the script pretends that the player has built some sort of relationship with all the other characters, but for their time spent together there was no emotional payoff. The missions seem to follow in these footsteps as well, the context of each level being often unclear. The player will find themselves meandering through the colony, sometimes feeling like just another pair of boots on the ground, and sometimes feeling like their objective is something greater. It's unclear even by the end which one it is as all the time spent journeying through the colony didn't build to much by the end.I wish I could say that the awesome boss fights and stylish gameplay made up for the poor story, but occasionally even the gameplay slows down for areas that you feel should have dialogue, but don't. This holds it back from being its best, and I'll have to give it a 7.5/10. However, if you're not easily distracted by story and just want a shooter that spices things up with its gameplay, then I still have to recommend this."
76561198307839504,Recommended,460810,34612351,Posted: 30 August,all,wdyt,"It's a 10/10. Not only is Vanquish the best shooter ever made (imo), it's also PlatinumGames' finest product (imo). Shinji Mikami's proven he's the man time and time again (Resident Evil 1, Dino Crisis 1, REmake, Resident Evil 4, God Hand, Vanquish, The Evil Within), and this time is no different.Full disclosure, I'm not a fan of the slow walking sections. But, I don't actually have any other complaints with this game.I got every Steam achievement in about 15 hours, using the 'mouse and keyboard' scheme, but this is a highly replayable game. There's also much cooler stuff to do that isn't tied to acheivements (God Hard difficulty, for example).Other highlights, the unlocked frame rate and resolution bring a tear to my eye. This version of the game also includes all of the DLC from the console version (Anti Armor gun is too good).If you don't like short highly replayable games, pass on this. It's campaign is no longer than 5 hours, for even the most inept, and if you're competent to any degree you'll finish it in 3 hours.Caution:Vanquish does boast some unique mechanics. Although they are always useful, you can painfully grind through the game without them on difficulties below Hard. It is for this reason that I'd highly suggest that you put the game on Hard your first playthrough. Even then, Vanquish takes time to learn. If you're looking for an end goal, you may have an idea of what you're doing by the time you finish Tactical Challenge 6.Still, can't recommend it enough. Especially at this price. It's ideal for when you feel like playing a highly entertaining game with no filler. This game was made for leaderboards."
,Recommended,460810,31992084,Posted: 27 May,all,◆ ʟɪɢʜᴛ ◆,"First & foremost, I'd like to point out that ""Platinum Games"", the developers of Vanquish, Bayonetta and a multitude of other notable titles, are to be regarded as one of the best dev teams for game ports due to their impeccable performance, quality and refinements.Dear Devs, take notes.Overview:Vanquish is a hyper paced, high octaned 3rd person sci-fi action shooter.It is a game title that adminsters a distinctively unique experience particularly revolving around its gameplay mechanics.The game depicts a futuristic era of war where a group of Russians launch an assault on certain cities of the United States of America which consequently leads to a spacial conflict.The gameplay is primarily known for its ""Matrix"" like slow-mo modes that can be triggered with certain maneuvers that comes at a cost of its exaustion if made use of overly. Regarded as one of the core mechanics, it plays a vital role at defeating many robotic adversaries making up for a andreline fueled action game experience.One of the gripes that one could have with Vanquish is its short campaign that encompasses a total play-time of  6 hours.It was first available on console around 2010 however the 2K17 PC port brings forth refined HD textures, visuals with an unlocked frame rate, 4K resolution, 144hz refresh rate and KBM support. Taking that into account makes it up for a lavish gaming extraordinaire exclusive for the PC gamers.War has truly accelerated."
,Recommended,460810,31976731,Posted: 26 May,all,A Gay Stoned Cat,"This... Is a work of art.The port is flawless, you can't even tell it's a port.The game is a must-play for anyone. If you grew up the behind chest-high walls of Call of Duty, you get to learn what a fun shooter looks like.  If you grew up in the Strafe Jumping Bunny Hopping Glory days, it's different but all together familiar.The only reason you should not own this is if you're not a fan of: Shooters, Platinum games, and fun."
,Recommended,460810,31986138,Posted: 26 May,all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Action GamersPlease note, the majority of time here (considering I've beaten the game before) was focused on the PC performance, and is not indicitive of my time with the game as a whole.Summary:Sure, the PC port has a minor thing here and there that could be better, but for a port of a cult hit game: this is what you want. This is the definitive version of the game: hitting 60+ FPS in a game that hit 30 on consoles, and it really does help in the action gameplay. You'll speed around killing everything you can, and while yes there's a bug that makes you easier to kill via the framerate, I actually think it semi balances out with the new aiming controls that you have via the mouse and keyboard.As for the gameplay: this isn't necessarily the Plantium action formula that you know from games like Bayonetta and Transformers, but it doesn't me the design here is bad at all: quite the opposite. There's something about speeding around, shooting enemies left and right in the head, while getting rugburns on the ground metaphorically. It's cheesy and over the top in a bunch of good ways, and for the low price here: you are getting a game with a lot of replayability, at least in my mind. Good challenges to keep your interest. Sure, the campaign is rather short compared to most: but that doesn't really have a bad section to it either. It's a game that you'll love to perfect: try every weapon combination, see how powerful you can make a weapon, or just punch things in the face a bunch.I want to thank Platinum and Sega for putting the effort into that port, because people really needed to see what this game was all about. It's a classic in my mind, and worth the price of admission at 60 dollars even today. And the fact that you get it for at least a third of that? Yeah, definitely a must buy.Port Report:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrwEkRBG0lsLists:Positives:Performance for a 2010 game is fantastic. 60+ FPS (100 or so on my rig) with minimal frame drops IN action. Improves the game immensely in my mind.The Boost machine really does make for strategic gameplay especially at high difficulty. You'll die a bunch: but you'll have fun while doing it. Playing around with it is fun: and cinematic in a sense.The controls work for the Keyboard and mouse, and yet don't feel like they are necessarily hurt the game from its console roots. Sure, you can play with the controller as the game was designed with it in mind: but I surprised how well the keyboard controls still fit here.Like the weapon upgrade mechanic, where keeping a gun around that's a higher rank that may have less bullets ACTUALLY is viable. With quick decisions you have to make, that can make a difference.The cover based mechanics and fast gameplay just WORK so well. Flanking is viable, getting flanked is viable. Great gameplay in this aspect.A score mechanic that you'll actually care about, even if you typically don't like scoring sections. Sure, it's just a score, but there's something addictive about maxing it out here.Replayability. Between the different weapons and the score mechanic, there's something about “one more run” that really works for this game.Some really good one-liners overall. Especially the roomba line.Look, the plot is like a B movie scifi plot. It's a goofy. It's not original. It's been done. But you still laugh.Sensitivity adjustments for not only your mouse, but specifically for zoom and firing is REALLY appreciated. Dual bindable keys also is a nice touch.Negatives:Cutscenes do have some problems in terms of frame drops specific to the PC version, and have tearing if you don't turn Vsync on (which for hi end users you won't want to given the FPS drop)The plot is supposed to be a parody of military like games, but it just stays out of uncanny valley enough that it actually doesn't do a good job of making fun of it at times.Assault rifles in general feel over powered compared to literally every other weapon, even with the variety. Wish there was a tiny bit of a rebalance to weapons.Achievement hunters with the challenges: know that right now: it's going to be difficult with the hard mode and the framerate portion.Don't like that there's a camera sensitivity option in the options menu that is grayed out no matter what I do. STOP teasing me.Understand why some options are command line (FOV), but give warnings about why not to change it and make it in the options menu rather then add the layer on top of things.This isn't against the game per say, but man this makes me feel old."
,Recommended,460810,33417947,Posted: 9 July,all,GameZard,"My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewVanquish is a sci-fi action third-person shooter video game developed by PlatinumGames and published by Sega. Directed by Shinji Mikami, who is the director for the original Resident Evil. The game finally made it's way to PC but is it as good as critics say? Well in my opinion it deserves most of the praise. The gameplay is an interesting take on cover shooters like Gears of War but instead of being a slow character running from cover to cover you are a jetting into enemy lines and going into bullet time in order to shoot all the robots. The gameplay is fun and fast paced. The graphics still looks good and the music is serviceable. The story like most PlatinumGames makes no sense a feels rushed and it is only made worse that the game ends on a cliff hanger. A major negative is that the game is so short. I recommend this game as it's a fresh spin on traditional shooters."
,Recommended,460810,31954692,Posted: 25 May,all,Oldmanpotter,"What if gears were made by a much cooler, super Japanese studio? It would be Vanquish. So far the game runs nicely on the PC and looks much better than its original PS3 release."
,Recommended,460810,33977104,Posted: 2 August,all,SLUG_GUNNER,"I recommend this game to people who:- Like fast-paced, almost all uninterrupted action- Hate baby difficulty (game offers brain-dead-easy mode for the casuals tho)- Like futuristic / sci-fi / cyberpunk environments- Mecha-anime inspiried action- Like to have fun playing good gamesI DON'T recommend this game to people who:- Are driven to play games due to a good narrative / interesting story.  Go play a JRPG instead.- Don't like short games.  This game can be done in ~5-8 hours at normal pace depending on how good you are.- Complain when game is too hard / unfair after getting whooped a million times.Nit-picky♥♥♥♥♥♥- Music is ok.  You can keep it or turn it off and play your own music.- Game offers many languages/subs.- Game crashed on me once, but I couldn't replicate it"
,Recommended,460810,32026806,Posted: 28 May,all,ArcticZenith,"Take Gears of War, give your character a suit with booster jets, add a slow motion mechanic, and you've got Vanquish.Even if you are remotely interested in action games, Vanquish is a MUST PLAY.Make sure you play on HARD mode first. It will force you to learn all the game's mechanics and not allow you to just breeze through the game easily with no effort. It is the perfect balence between being challenging while not feeling completely unfair.Hands down a 5/5"
,Recommended,460810,32280206,Posted: 8 June,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","I spent years waiting for this to come to the PC, but I never expected that it actually would. Vanquish is Platinum Games' take on a third person shooter, for better or worse. It has a few actiony moves like being able to jump and dodge around, and instead of sprinting you jet around the level on rockets, shooting around in slowmo in the process. It's overall pretty smooth, and it would be a lot of fun, but the level design is mostly just boxes and bridges, and there are only a few moments where it feels like Platinum knew what they were doing in terms of designing the levels around the mechanics. The story is also more or less half-finished, and the backstory you get in the loading screens is illegible because of how fast the game loads, which admittedly isn't a terrible problem to have. The game is also only around 4 hours long, and the only reason I have so much time in it is because of forgetting it was running in the background. If you're a Platinum fan then Vanquish is worth playing, and it's not a terrible game either way, but even though it has impressive ideas the game as a whole is kind of unimpressive, so you may want to wait for a sale unless you're sure you want to give it a go."
,Recommended,460810,31955773,Posted: 25 May,all,Dvv,GOTTA GO FAST
76561198036732153,Recommended,460810,32492510,Posted: 16 June,all,Proxy,Two words describe this gameF_ucking Awesome!The only thing that would make it better is Co-op and a longer story (beat it in 6 hours)List Review:Pros-Great graphics for its ageThis game Is very action packedYou can play it like a classic cover shooter or you can:Dash around your enemy's-and-Roll for sweet slow mo actionHot ChickRussian bad guyMain Character is a badass and is somehow a scientist that works for DarpaSPACE AMERICA!Pretty good sound trackOne guy claimed the opening title gave him motion sickness so opening title is awesomeSlide kicking does MAJOR DamageEach weapon has different Melee animationsCons-Kinda CheesyThe Games story feels like theres a whole backstory you missed (to me atleast)The game is shortNo co-opNo multiplayer
,Recommended,460810,34778985,Posted: 6 September,all,mhenryblack,"Had to contribute my two cents to the opinion pool, and it is basically this:Anyone who gives this game a negative or even milquetoast review is out of their flipping mind.I can understand muted enthusiasm if they played the old console port and were unhappy about the lack of the addition of new content.In reality this game is the most white-knuckled, action packed third person shooter I have ever played, you get all the good of the genre (gears, etc), with a speed Infused sense of Mobility that I've never seen in a shooter.The game runs perfectly and looks beautiful at 60 frames a second....  Or faster.While I appreciate the graphic Innovations of recent years and have a machine that's more than equipped to run them, I recognize how well made this game was for the time that it came out. Some games age well, Batman Arkham Asylum or Arkham City still look beautiful today, and Vanquish falls into that category.The graphics aren't the most advanced thing ever created, but they are gorgeous, epic in scale and more than adequate for the gameplay they are crafted around.I never played this game on a console, this port is my first pass and it played flawlessly with a controller.I've heard from other reviews that some of the intellectual content inside the story seem like a rip-off of other franchises, but taken by itself everything in the game works beautifully, whether it's an original idea or not.I felt very much the same way about 40K Space Marine, another game that didn't limit you solely to running for cover in a third person shooter environment.Another important issue, is the wonderfully ethical price structure attached to this port.I purchased this port at full price, yeah a ""whole $20"".  I feel Sega/Platinum should be rewarded for pricing this game as a remaster should be, they did the same with Bayonetta and I applaud them for it.When you compare this practice to gearbox's insane $50 price point for the Bulletstorm remaster, The $15 price point attached to this game as I write this review, should feel like an absolute steal, Because even without a sale it's worth every penny.Last but not least to any game gods that may chance upon this review, this game falls into a special category for me. That category would be ""most desired sequels"": Along with Bulletstorm, and Space Marine, I would LOVE to see a sequel for this game, and would happily pay for a pre-order.Bottom line, if you're a fan of shooters or action games and you've never played this before, Buy It Now, no matter what the prices is.10/10"
,Recommended,460810,31957763,Posted: 25 May,all,Abdulla,This Game Porting is amazingI remember playing this game in PS3 runs like toaster below 30framesnow fully optimized for 144Hz monitor
,Not Recommended,460810,31977954,Posted: 26 May,all,Vak,"Vanquish is an amazing game that took far too long to get ported to PC, and anybody that enjoys third person shooters or action games should give this a shot...When the port is fixed.This port has quite a few issues when played at higher framerates. A friend and I can both confirm this, as well as multiple people from other websites across the internet.When playing on a 144hz monitor, any damage you take is increased, and some context sensitive interactions do not activate at the right spots leading to being unable to progess.If you have a high refresh rate monitor, wait to pick this game up. Otherwise, it's fantastic.EDIT: I've tried the beta patch, and while it fixed SOME of the problems, there are still quite a few left. I've gotten melee-chained by grunt units multiple times, and some interation cues are still nonfunctional.Also this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c_KGw7a0Lc"
,Recommended,460810,33288721,Posted: 5 July,all,RedTedRedemption,"Welcome to the most American anime you will ever play. This game draws together the insanity of an anime with the no ♥♥♥♥s given attitude of an american action flick. The combat is fluid, the gunplay feels good, and the game gets nice and challenging by the end. It plays well as both a third-person cover shooter and a kind of 3D bullet hell. The developers managed to take bullet time, a normally gimicky mechanic, and make it into something that both works and adds to the game experiene. If you're looking for a stupid good time then this game is for you."
,Recommended,460810,31985535,Posted: 26 May,all,Senarade,"If you like shooting and butt-sliding, then just butt.... I mean... buy it. Plus this is a really well done port of the original with lots of graphical enhancements for those with the power to use them."
,Recommended,460810,34258095,Posted: 15 August,all,Makin,"If you are not sure whether to buy Bayonetta or this one, definitely get Bayonetta. Vanquish is a decent third person shooter, but that's all it is. Its story sometimes feels like Platinum, but most of the time it's just generic and boring. The gameplay is alright, if a bit too hard (and as you can see, shorter than average, beaten in 6 hours in my first playthrough).I'd give this game a 7/10, because despite all the flaws I've said it's pretty playable and the shooting is fun. I'd wait for a sale, though."
,Recommended,460810,33725991,Posted: 22 July,all,Z I D A N E,Devil May Cry Shooting game version!
,Recommended,460810,32739170,Posted: 24 June,all,Arbie,"btw this game is ♥♥♥♥ing rad, just boost kick walls and start going ham on people.godhand w/ guns, re4 w/ jetpacks"
,Recommended,460810,32019633,Posted: 28 May,all,AlucarD,"Lightning fast action game done by Platinum games and directed by the godfather of surival horror Resident Evils, Shinji Mikami. With a studio and a director like those two you know its gonna get good :DJust like with Metal Gear Rising (another Platinum gem) just throw away the story in this one as you are here to power slide and punch robots in the face by using a super cool darpa developed suit that enables slow motion when things turn south.Basically Gears of War with robots and very evil russians that microwave San Francisco from orbit.The gameplay is fast and fun and the PC port runs way beyond 100 FPS so strap your darpa suit on, light up a cigar and turn on the acceleration because you are in for a wild ride. 8 power cores out of 10 :)"
,Recommended,460810,31956547,Posted: 25 May,all,Ebichu,"PlatinumGames is ""Making Games Great Again!"""
76561198116585298,Recommended,460810,33916578,Posted: 30 July,all,Don José,"From the man responsible for RE & RE 4 comes Vanquish, a fast paced action game that mixes elements of third person shooter and beat em' up.Vanquish is a scifi game that tells the story (or should I say, long streak of cliches?) of DARPA op Sam Gideon, who along a future US army will try to retake a recently captured space station by the Russians. The story has a very 80's premise, full of cheesy lines, short but lots of fun.It should be noted for Platinum fans that, as always, the gameplay is the real thing for these kind of games.+Pros:Smooth experience: No game breaking bugs nor inconsisten framerate (the infamous framerate damage bug has also been fixed).Solid mix of genres: This game might remind you of Gears of War, don't be fooled. This game is not trying to be a third-person cover shooter, but a space marine version of Dante with robot instead of demons.Cheap: For 20 dollars-Cons/personal ranting or nitpicking:Too short: You can finish this game in less than four hours.Few extras: There's not much to unlock in this game besides the challenges and a god mode, so anyone looking for lots of content might be disappointed.No multiplayer: People looking for a competitive experience might want to look elsewhere.Also it must be noted that this PC port is superior to the Xbox 360 version because of higher framerate (Xbox 360 version was 30 fps capped as far as I know).In conclusion, this game is very recommended for gamers who want to try a different kind of shooter, Platinum fans or gamers who like single player experiences."
,Recommended,460810,32534576,Posted: 18 June,all,EFRAZZZZZ,"M A S T E R P I E C EFinally on PC! Damn guys, i was really disappointed when i discovered that this title was just for consoles.PC is and will always be the best way to enjoy a game, PERIOD.This game is frenzied, fast and you don't have time to think. Nothing but LOVE for these features. Some of the things that i like most to see in a videogame.Simply one of the best game i've ever played & owned.Still thinking?! BUY IT!P.S: hoping to see the multiplayer soon!"
76561198067251264,Recommended,460810,32160907,Posted: 3 June,all,Zachev,"A fantastic PC port of one of my favorite single player games.  This game is not very long.  (4-6 hours IIRC)  Hell, if you have slow download speeds, it probably takes longer to download than to beat.That said, I am definitely enjoying replaying this game.  The port runs very smooth, and in some cases, it takes less than 2 seconds to load from menu to game."
,Recommended,460810,33782360,Posted: 25 July,all,Mayor McNasty,"This game chronicals the exploits of the raddest dudes to have ever lived.Play the game and find out, i'm not even kidding, youtube that crap and tell me i'm wrong, i dare you.This game is rad."
76561198068611267,Recommended,460810,32012677,Posted: 27 May,all,Demonic Duck,"Imagine Binary Domain (or more accurately, a less buggy Resident Evil 6) but at high speed!Easily one of the greatest 3rd person shooters ever made.+High speed, high skill based shooter+Awesome quicktime events+Story is enjoyably cheesy, much like Binary Domain+Punishingly difficult with an easy mode available-A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon upgrade system that encourages you to use a specific loadout rather than play with the various guns on offer-Upgrade system also HEAVILY discourages you from using grenades!-Some weapons are useless because of the upgrade system (HMG, LaserCanon that uses your boost, etc.)-Shotgun spread is too wide with little ammo, making it a good melee weapon rather than an awesome gun.-Bug where you take more damage on higher framerates-Menu options text looks like it's at a low resolution-Various other bugs"
,Recommended,460810,34646898,Posted: 31 August,all,HOLYONE,i loved this game back on the 360 the higher framerates really to this game justice great port totally worth it one of the best action games
76561198113753042,Recommended,460810,33762883,Posted: 24 July,all,LIFE ALERT CRIME PROTECTION,“WARNING!! This game features flashing or blinking effects that may cause seizures or temporary los of consciousness”I’ve waited 7 long years to continue my seizure treatment :)
,Recommended,460810,33413577,Posted: 9 July,all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"Even though it took them seven years, I'm glad that SEGA & Platinum were brave enough to finally port a modern light gun game to the PC. Of course, you might look at Vanquish and be bewildered, confusing it for yet another generic console port cover-based third person shooter. Everything about Vanquish seems to emulate an arcade experience, from the walls of enemies thrown at you, to the neon green HUD & cheesy sound effects, to the frenetic campaign & cutscene design. As expected of any good arcade game, nothing going on really makes sense; the plot is just an excuse to create new locations and introduce bosses.Follow the adventures of Sam Gideon as you rocket-slide from cover to cover until you somersault-kick a Russian space robot in the face and spray LMG bullets into his allies in slow motion during the fall back to the ground. Sam's movement is purposefully clunky, with loud mechanical grinding and slow animations, giving him a unique feeling from other Platinum Games characters that is more mecha than dancer. The only complaint I have about the combat is landing a melee attack will deplete your Augmented Reaction gauge. Normally when you enter low health, AR (slow motion) will trigger until your remaining gauge runs out, giving you ample reaction time to kill a few enemies around you and/or get to cover. Getting down to low health without the AR available will quickly result in you dying because of how many enemies are attacking you at once in most situations. This however is a small nitpick and the only negative I can think of when it comes to anything in regards to gameplay. Melee combat's effectiveness varies wildly depending on the situation and is often more useful for making yourself airborne by kicking off of terrain. The complexity of combat slowly unfurls itself as your struggle to survive causes you to innovate with mechanics. This is yet another Platinum masterpiece that is easy to learn but difficult to master; watching YouTubers pull of complex maneuvers is as exciting as watching a DMC or Bayonetta playthrough despite the vastly different gameplay design.Vanquish does everything it can to defy your expectations from a third-person shooter. While the music, SFX, and voice acting are all mediocre, everything else about this wild ride of a game elevates the experience to something special. Yet again, Platinum created something unique and memorable out of what could've been just another cover-based shooter. Even though it's seven years late, Vanquish is still an excellent experience that shouldn't be overlooked."
,Recommended,460810,34069132,Posted: 6 August,all,The Classy Cat,"Definitely worth getting if youre into fast paced action games. Story might be a little bit cheesy but game never dissapoints in throwing in more and more stuff in your way and the tension rarely drops. Upgrade system is pretty easy and well implemented to the entire gameplay. My only complaint is Sam could have upgrades of his own as well (such as upgrading his energy bar, his speed, strength etc.) and instead of remastering this 7 year old game Platinum could come up with a Vanquish 2 with next-gen graphics by now. Still would recommend if you're looking for something like MGS: Revengeance but don't mind the lack of swords.7/10"
76561198023119247,Recommended,460810,32571251,Posted: 19 June,all,Futureal4ever,So far after 4 hours of game play very visual stunning gameplay and its gears of war but better mechanics and fighting abilities totally addictive
,Recommended,460810,31982994,Posted: 26 May,all,𝓗𝓔𝓛𝓛RED🔥🎃,"I haven't owned a console since Playstation 2. This game made me want to buy an Xbox 360 just to try it's enticing gameplay, but I never got around to doing so! Well, 7 years later and on PC, I finally get to play it. It's beautiful to look at and MUCH quicker than it's hardware-limited first release. Please keep ports like this and Bayonetta coming, thank you!"
,Recommended,460810,32005459,Posted: 27 May,all,uncolober,"It may not be the new God Hand, but it's great and, most importantly, gets better and better as you play and learn. At first it's just Gears, then for a while it's Max Payne, but then without you even realizing the exact moment or reason war does indeed freaking accelerate and suddenly the whole game goes VROOOOOOOOOOM"
,Recommended,460810,31990446,Posted: 27 May,all,miranda,"(note: at the time of this review, there's a glitch where you take double damage with 60fps, so I'd recommend limiting your FPS to 30 with RivaTuner until it's fixed)If you've played any of Platinum's games before you basically already know what to expect - terrible story, decent cutscenes, and over-the-top action gameplay.Vanquish is a breath of fresh air in a shooter that doesn't restrain mobility - it's based around sliding around in and out of cover, using juuuust enough boost meter to shotgun blast an enemy, then rolling in between assault rifle bursts until your meter recharges. It's tough in the beginning when you're first getting used to it, but once you get a handle on how much boost-meter you have, how fast you can kill enemies, and whether you -really- need to use your slow-mo now or if you can wait, it takes on a new dimension as a stylish score attack where you're constantly improving. The excitement of when you boost-melee an enemy, then switch weapons and kill three others while in the air in slow-motion never really goes away. It controls great on M&KB and your speed is only restrained by your skill. The announcement trailer is honestly what you can expect from Vanquish once you get some practice in.The game's a bit short - 7 hours on the first playthrough with cutscenes, but there's challenges/other difficulties and it's pretty replayable, whether it's just getting new high-scores or trying out guns you didn't pick up on the last playthrough."
,Recommended,460810,32007458,Posted: 27 May,all,William Shakesman,"PC master race wins once again, Sonybabbies. As always, there is nothing you have which we cannot take away."
,Recommended,460810,31958760,Posted: 25 May,all,queen 🌸,"This is a pretty great port of a very fantastic game. Buy itp.s. please more platinum games titles to the pc,"
,Recommended,460810,31959934,Posted: 25 May,all,Remove Bees,"A solid port of a 7 year old game, Platinum does it again.It's your typical  third-person shooter with an emphasis on speed.Which means you get to slide around on the floor shooting things with your jet-powered knees.In other words it's really good.Totally worth the money."
76561198114561560,Recommended,460810,31985485,Posted: 26 May,all,C-kei,"Story:One-note characters talking about one-note♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing too special about the story, just gives you a reason to kill stuff. Though i will advise people to change the voice acting to japanese not because of weeb♥♥♥♥♥♥but because the english voices will make your ears bleed due to them being stupidly growly.Graphics:Now the visuals are pretty impressive, i have to say. For a game that was released back in 2010, it looks really nice. The developers did a great job in terms of graphical fidelity and performance. Sure some textures look a bit questionable but that doesn't really hurt the game. The only negative thing i could say about the games look is that it could use a bit more color. It looks a bit sterile at times but who knows maybe that's what they were going for.Music and sound: The sound design in regards to weapons, environmental stuff etc. is well done. However i will say that the soundtrack is pretty forgettable, just a bunch of techo-music blasting in the background.Gameplay:Now this is where the main course begins. The gameplay basically consist of you running through everything from corridors to big open areas, blasting robots that get in your way. Now the very first thing that needs to be addressed is the movement. Your character has a slide ability which contributes to games fast-paced nature. This tool gives you so much mobility and control on your character, which makes the fighting all the more enjoyable because you have to solely rely on your reactions. This game also uses a cover system which you would think be intrusive and break the pacing of the game but it doesn't. It's only used in very short bursts because hiding behind cover can get you killed due to enemies flanking you or throwing grenades, shooting missles etc. Constant movement is a must. This game also features a slow-down mechanic which adds even more to the games fun factor. As for the weapons they're all  pretty satisfying to use, they feel powerful and have a good sence of impact and your given a decent amount of them to keep things interesting. In terms of  difficulty, the game never felt ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty or stupid, it always seemed fair and balanced. However there is a learning curve and it can be pretty intimidating at first but once you get the hang of things it's a blast. I only really have 2 negatives about the gameplay. 1:they re-use boss fights which makes the game seem less varied and 2: it is a very short game, you can finish it in like 7 hours on your first playthrough. However on the flip side the game never over-stays it's welcome .In conclusion:This game is insanely fun and is definantly worth multiple playthroughs just because of the shear enjoyment factor. I encourage everyone to buy this game, especially now with the 20 euro price tag."
76561198009810322,Recommended,460810,31958780,Posted: 25 May,all,Sevuz,The game is another great port that runs butter smooth thanks to Little Stone Software.Fun action packed game and a gem any action fan should try out. Only minus is that it's all over before you know it and has no sequel :/
76561198078338341,Recommended,460810,31957675,Posted: 25 May,all,zer0cypher,Play as Jetstream Sam's descendant and work alongside a Solidus Snake lookalike in this fast-paced action 3rd person shooter.10/10 would never stay too long outside or in cover again.
76561198160868511,Recommended,460810,31974004,Posted: 26 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"Fast paced stylish 3rd person shooter,with deep,unique gameplay mechanics,masterfully ported from PS3,despite it's age,thanks to some graphical improvement it can still look pretty nice and will run well even on low end rigs."
,Recommended,460810,32381773,Posted: 12 June,all,NilkadNaquada,"It's pretty fun, certainly leagues better than your average cover shooter, but it does kinda drag on, the enemies are lacking in variety, some of the bosses are annoyingly designed, and overall it still suffers from a lot of common cover shooter issues like hitscan attacks from offscreen and a nebulous idea of how much health you have. Still, it's just basically, viscerally satisfying to blast around a field on your rocketlegs, destroying robuts. Worth a play, just don't expect a life-changing experience."
76561197983974712,Recommended,460810,32507080,Posted: 17 June,all,Prototype - Zero,"I originally brought this game on ps3, back then I walked a couple of miles to buy it from our local game store.Vanquish is a game that in my opinion is worth playing.It was one of those games that was awesome, but nobody played it or talked about itI think they won an award for that actually. I went back to the console version a couple of months ago an wished that they'd re-release this game, and my wish came true.Who knows Hopefully it'll be a Vanquish 2 or a spiritual successor someday.As long as platinum hasn't gone the route of other games companies and put their titles in some unknown vault."
,Recommended,460810,32896692,Posted: 27 June,all,johnzero,"Really good game, very good port.Needs desperatly a sequel!"
76561197990220919,Recommended,460810,33486708,Posted: 12 July,all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,Your Character will Smoke Cigarettes in the Game!!  Smoke em if you got em!Highly Recommended!
,Recommended,460810,32321548,Posted: 10 June,all,Teh_turk,"♥♥♥♥♥ fun, ♥♥♥♥♥ fast, ♥♥♥♥♥ wonderful animation. And hard mode is decent."
76561197984543386,Recommended,460810,32382422,Posted: 13 June,all,MagiTycho,"Vanquish has been one of the most satisfying FPS gaming experienves I've had in a long time! The characters are great, the story is easy to follow, and the objectives are simple but challenging. In SOME ways it reminds me of SpaceMarine with some combat aspects akin to Mass Effect.Its a fun game and I recommend it for anyone who would enjoy a linear progressing FPS with tense action and some neat mechanics."
,Recommended,460810,34778314,Posted: 6 September,all,DMStewart,Pretty good. Remionds me of Binary Domain. Both are exactly what they advertise themselves as being. $15 seems like a good price for this. Some of the movements feel a little old after a while but the design and structure of the main character work in this atmosphere well enough that you stil want to try to be as creative as possible with your battles. Its a win. Normally this isnt even my type of game. But when these style of action/arcade 3rd person shooters are done well they can even reel me in.Overall Id have to give this a 7.5/10. Few things that seem a little odd are the cutscenes seem to be a little long and a little to frequent. And most of the cutscenes almost seem like there is built in screen-tearing. Im using a 144hz with v-sync on and its just the type of action and animation that seems like there is always motion blur and always enough choppiness to make it seem like v-sync is off. Minor issue but a slight annoyance. And the voice acting and script isnt great. When a cutscene is going just imagine some average folks at Comicon CosPlaying a scene in their hotel room after behing at the conference all day. Not sure if this an issue of direction or not. Most actors still need to have a director help get them into a scene; it is the director's (or writers') job to lay out the premise and tell them how to deliver. It feels like these folks had no guidance. And thats tough when youre trying to read into a sci-fi world.So the game doesnt really do anything great or perfectly. But it does enough of everything well enough. Just like your [fake internet] girlfriend.-DMS
,Recommended,460810,35131885,Posted: 22 September,all,WallaWallas,"VanquishI missedVanquishthe first time around on PS3, but it was one of those games sitting high at the top of my pile of shame. The combat is fun and fast, and feels like something betweenGears of WarandJet Set Radio. I enjoyed the story and was genuinely shocked by a few of the plot twists. Each Act takes place in a fairly unique environment that keeps everything feeling fresh. New enemies are introduced regularly forcing you to adapt and encourages using different weapon types; although the overall enemy variety is a little underwhelming and most everything can be easily taken down with a fully upgraded Assault Rifle. My biggest complaint is the length, with only 5 total Acts. Even on the hardest difficulty available at the start (an even harder mode is unlocked after completing the game once), the campaign will only take about ten hours.Completing each Act will unlock a new Challenge, which is basically a horde mode consisting of five waves each. Each Challenge gets progressively harder, and completing all five will unlock the sixth and final Challenge. Only the masters of the game’s combat and gauge management will be able to “vanquish” all six Challenges (sorry, couldn’t resist).Summary and Target Price PointVanquishis a respectable7.5 out of 10 with the biggest complaint being that it’s too short. Normally priced at $19.99, you can usually findVanquishfor $14.99.I would recommend waiting to pick it up at $9.99.Check outthis linkto compare price and price history ofVanquishfrom your favorite retailers."
,Recommended,460810,31960879,Posted: 25 May,all,charliewaffles,"It's probably the best third person shooter I've ever played in terms of gameplay. The PC version is great, tons of options, great mouse and keyboard controls, runs great... The story is ""meh"", and the dialogue is cheesy as hell, but that's never been Platinum's strong suit anyways. What can I say? Vanquish is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,460810,31987448,Posted: 26 May,all,Redrusty66,"Amazing port, it seems Platinum's demand that their games be ported with no expense spared or not at all is paying off with some of the best upgraded ports of the decade. Follwing MGS Revengeance and Bayonetta, Platinum's insistence that the ports be brought up to proper PC standards is a godsend for those tired of cheap and half-baked ports. The amount of upgrading required to bring a console quality game properly to the PC is no small affair. Many of us wish they just wouldn't bother if they cannot do it right. This, Platinum's 3rd home run out of 3 is an amazing one to have in your library.This is one of the best 3rd person shooters I've ever played, and I'm so glad it has finally arived on PC and made to be played at 60 fps with a mouse and keyboard to show it's true potential."
76561197998570156,Recommended,460810,32008366,Posted: 27 May,all,GatlingNuke438,"IMO, although it is short, it is the best 3rd person shooter single player game ever made. The slow-mo is a great twist on the formula, it rewards leaving cover unlike most games in the sub-genre. Port is mostly excellent too. However there is a damage framerate bug at the time of writing so I would look into that, the bug makes hard really difficult to play but I had no problems on normal."
,Recommended,460810,31961524,Posted: 25 May,all,Archon,"Combining high-speed/risk-reward gameplay evocative of RE6/Devil May Cry, and Michael Bay action/explosions Vanquish is an interesting blend of a bullet hell game mixed with stylish action. Getting up in the faces of enemies and learning their weaknesses to take them down efficiently combines with Max Payne-like bullet time to compensate for the sheer amount of enemy and enemy projectiles onscreen while making the player feel like a badass when they pull off multiple kills.The most interesting aspect of putting pressure on the player is that aside from your ammo stores, your A.R.S meter is also linked to your reserves for sliding about and maintaining your mobility. The A.R.S meter drains whenever you use it to slow time down. In otherwords: Abusing and mismanaging bullet time is penalized heavily if you accidentally drain your bar fully, at which point you will be unable to slide and the I-frames and speed of your dodges are severely reduced. If you do not learn to maintain a balance and synergy in your tactics you will eventually get yourself killed. The bar will also rapidly drain if you take far too much damage, this again emphasizes the need to understand how enemies attack and how to quickly dismantle them if you want to get out unscathed. It feels great once you get the hang of it all and there are a few hidden mechanics to learn (deploying grenades while sliding and the ""Smoke break."" tricks.Each weapon has a unique functionality to varying levels of usefulness depending on how one plays. And certain enemies have specific behaviors that can be used against them (Romanovs). Flamethrower romanovs can be killed instantly by shooting their fuel tanks enough, and the missile variant will somethimes fire a large warhead that can be shot as it is launched for an instant kill.My biggest gripe with the game would be with God Hard difficulty, where the A.R.S bar depletes twice as fast in bullet time. The game starts to fall apart mechanically and rewards the player more for cheesing/abusing cover instead of getting into the fight, as A.R.S is much less useful, I concede that even in the ""regular"" difficulties the A.R.S bar should recharge a bit faster and have its duration reduced a bit to incentivize the player into using cover as little as possible if they're playing well. On God Hard, the game starts to become way too cover-centric and more of a frustrating ordeal.As a PC port I'm extremely impressed, pretty well-optimized, SSAO support very straight-forward and functional keyboard/mouse support as well as the standard 360 controller. It's one of the few console TPSes I've ever played that felt just as much at home on mouse and keyboard as on its native controller.The game is short and the story isn't really all that interesting, the learning curve is also a bit too oriented towards simply having good reflexes than I'd like, but it's definitely an experience I'd recommend.8.4 out of 10."
,Recommended,460810,33533337,Posted: 14 July,all,Tamerlane,"Sega has done some sketchy things in the past but their recent ports have been surprisingly decent.It is definitely a Japanese video game with a hyper view of American culture. Incredibly cheesy, flowing with internet references along with action movie tropes and it’s fun to watch. Diet metal gear.Gameplay is fast paced with emphasis on cover and mobility by using the suit to drift around. A fun and often frenetic arcade action shooter. The enemies are well designed and they actually respond when taking fire even to the point where certain mini-bosses can lose their limbs and flail about helplessly. Some enemies become more dangerous as they take damage and others running at their last spark will throw themselves at you. Not much can be said about the friendly AI though as their real function serve as distractions or as rescuable damsels that pop out ammo/upgrade rewards.Gunplay is damn enjoyable with disks that hack off limbs from bigger enemies to machine gun that staggers or sniper rifles that slaps enemies back on their bums.Performance wise, there’s a bit of stuttering at times but it has never crashed on me. Levels are quick to load and everything else runs fine.A fun shooter and well worth the price."
,Recommended,460810,34785547,Posted: 6 September,all,Derp_Daddy,"Fantastic third person shooter that thumbs its nose at the trending cover based mechanics at the time. It's an incredibly fast paced and great feeling video game that, though short, stands up to multiple playthroughs and challenge runs."
76561198043866334,Recommended,460810,32066483,Posted: 30 May,all,JasonPhillip135,"When Vanquish first released, I like many others managed to skip over the game completely. Turns out that was a damn shame, as Vanquish is an excellent third person shooter. Vanquish hits its strides in gameplay, and its cheesy but entertaining cutscenes. Furthermore, Vanquish is this weird version of a gears of war game, as much of the games pacing, and level structure, are like that of gears of war 2. Vanquish however swaps extreme gore, and violence for a sillier fast paced approach to its gameplay, and story. Throughout Vanquishes short, but entertaining story, you will jet slide around shooting Russian robot's in slow motion, only to be interrupted, by cutscenes that remind me of metal gear solid with all the cheese and bravado, that manages to keep you entertained. On the technical side Vanquish is a great PC port, I had no interruptions at all running the game on my machine, it’s got various sets of options, and supports resolutions, and framerates that the Xbox, and ps3 versions couldn't deliver. If you were like me, and managed to miss out on Vanquish when if first released I would recommend not missing out on the definitive version of the game now."
,Recommended,460810,31957772,Posted: 25 May,all,Aida Enna,PLATINUM GAMES DOES IT AGAIN
,Recommended,460810,32008142,Posted: 27 May,all,Chad Thundercock,"A game so fantastically fun Polygon and Kotaku would refer to it as a ""Vile expression of male entertainment media, zero feminist influence"".Must buy."
,Recommended,460810,31959654,Posted: 25 May,all,Dr. kek. R. Attenjunge,The Hype was definitely worth it. Go buy this game.
,Recommended,460810,32008689,Posted: 27 May,all,Adecool,"If you haven't played Vanquish, you havent experienced what can only be described as the pinnacle of third person shooter games. I don't remember the last time a game kept me this engaged and at the edge of my seat the entire time. The fast-paced, action packed gameplay is extremely challenging but NOT impossible which makes the experience worthwhile and enjoyable, and the environments are simply jaw-dropping with epic backgrounds and a few unique level designs. The story doesnt leave room for any character development or world building since it moves so fast in order to keep up with the gameplay. But with such an arcady game like this, a deep story isnt necessary and you will eventually grow to appreciate the brief cutscenes. Great game."
,Recommended,460810,32075520,Posted: 30 May,all,Dustpan,"I already want to replay it, but I don't want to spoil myself by having too much fun."
,Recommended,460810,31965973,Posted: 25 May,all,Pixelbuster,Rich Evans would be proud
,Recommended,460810,31956278,Posted: 25 May,all,EvenGo Want to do Look More Like,"The game starts you off with Democrats getting killed by Russians. Very sexy, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,460810,31955238,Posted: 25 May,all,MOM,"25% discount for Bayonetta owners: checkSega porting another game: checkOne of the last works of Shinji Mikami (before TEW): checkCrazy shooter mechanics and amazing action gameplay: checkBadass main protaganist: checkGood adaptive keyboard controls if you're not a fan/not used to gamepads: checkThis game finally getting treatment it deserved: checkPlatinum games proving once more they are the best at making games: checkAnyway, this is another proof that the best ways to support game developers now is to buy old games we already love (because let's be honest the current gaming sucks). If you haven't picked up this game on console or somehow missed this is best way to try it out.P.s. I wouldn't say it's like a bayonetta and 10/10 game, but this is definetly strong 8-8,5/10, because the story is...meh."
76561198040112987,Recommended,460810,31960621,Posted: 25 May,all,InvisibleShadow,10/10 would powerslide again.
76561198119522204,Recommended,460810,34769586,Posted: 5 September,all,hayashi.ir,It's a fun game with crazy action and also a pretty anime storyline. The game is only about 8 hrs long. Therefore you won't really be able to have any sort of emotional connections with the characters.Still a pretty fun game to go in to.
76561197963263391,Recommended,460810,31956441,Posted: 25 May,all,kiteless,"smooth as butter, great port"
,Recommended,460810,31965215,Posted: 25 May,all,r2j2612,"Perfect time to play a game based off Russian invasion on USA.10/10 for depicting whats gonna  happen in future.Sarcasm aside, this is the definitive version of Vanquish. 70+ fps on my RX 580 on Highest settings. Thanks Sega!! Looking forward for Bayonetta 2 now."
,Recommended,460810,31985930,Posted: 26 May,all,真「SHiN」,This game is like what happens if Hillary Clinton unfortunately won the presidency.
76561198056369383,Recommended,460810,31968194,Posted: 26 May,all,ultweave,"One of the best 3rd person shooters I've ever played, and I'm so glad it has finally arived on PC. This game was made to be played at 60 fps with a mouse and keyboard."
76561198011237530,Recommended,460810,32007185,Posted: 27 May,all,🎃ArousedJelly💀,"This game was pretty good. Though I was dissapointed on the length, the game does offer replayability in different difficulties. The gameplay was decent, theres a lot of weapons to use and abuse. If you aren't sold yet, Jetpack Kneecaps."
,Recommended,460810,31960372,Posted: 25 May,all,InFar,Played this game on Xbox 360 and PS3. And finally we got best version now! In 1080/60 it looks and plays absolutly perfect. Still think Vanquish is the best TPS on this planet and highly recomend it.
76561198078364057,Recommended,460810,31981609,Posted: 26 May,all,Rocky™,"Thank god I'm an atheist! - Robert BurnsYes it's a good port! The only bad thing with it right now is that , if you put the fov to 120 (Per launch console command) there are graphical lighting glitches. I think the devs said that the higher fov is ''unsupported'' right now. May be fixed later but it's definitely still playable. Playing it on 21:9 (Also per launch console command) on 144hz without ptobblems...well, except the lighting glitches I mentioned when the fov is too high."
,Recommended,460810,31986801,Posted: 26 May,all,101--,Pure dope.
,Recommended,460810,31956897,Posted: 25 May,all,MOLESTER,"First Bayonetta and now Vanquish. Sega knows how to make one bust a nut!And yeah... there is actually a game that called exactly the same - Vanquish (2004), and it`s pron game... how ironic!"
,Recommended,460810,33496307,Posted: 12 July,all,Zerutso,"Ever since it released in 2010, I've adored this game. Always been one of my favourite games of all time for the gameplay alone. The story isn't exactly that exciting and some of the characters are a bit boring, but the gameplay itself is what makes this game great.The PC version has had a few bugs (which, for the most part, have been ironed out), yes, but it is a port, so that doesn't real shock me. It is a great port aside from those bugs, though. They really brought this old game to life again."
76561198122026328,Recommended,460810,32560246,Posted: 19 June,all,Gilm0,"Shinji Mikami snorted alot of coke and predicted the 2016 electionPros+Fast, Action-Packed, Insanely Fun Gameplay+Sgt. Burns+Short and Sweet/ Perfect for Score Lovers+Bogey+Elena+You can do a bicycle kick of a robot and go into bullet time and shoot all of his friends before you hit the ground+There's a part where you go up and elevator and see robots dancingCons-Recycled BossesOverallPerfect action game with insane replay value"
76561197978452114,Recommended,460810,33322925,Posted: 6 July,all,AimlessRogue,"I may have only played a couple of hours, but I like this game a lot. The graphics are pretty good (the cutscenes much less so). It's an older game and it definitely looks better than it did on consoles years ago.It's hectic and you can be as crazy as you want while killing the enemies are you can be more restrained and take your time.The story is your basic, Russia attacks America and your the best hope for America kinda deal. If you enjoy games like DmC or Bayonetta, you should enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,460810,33167713,Posted: 2 July,all,Agents Game Power,https://youtu.be/BNkYKJMGo90The world is a dangerous place. That unfortunate truism was never more apparent than on the day a breakaway group of  Russian terrorists named The Order of the Russian Star attacked and obliterated San Francisco with a giant super weapon.
76561198170228417,Recommended,460810,33209531,Posted: 3 July,all,ShaneBang3,LOVE IT! Had it for the 360 but the PC version is amazing!! Im so glad they had a re-release the gameplay is fast paced full of choices so you can play in your style and even when you complete the game you'll just restart and do it all over again!! The armor peirceing pistol is the Sh*t and once you figure out all the little tricks for uping the weapons to there highest lever  its just non stop owning of your enemy. Totally reccomend for anyone who likes gears of war and Viewtiful Joe this is there love child and it is japanese jeses...
76561198120780532,Recommended,460810,33434532,Posted: 10 July,all,megatron302,GAME IS AWESOME JUST BUY IT
,Recommended,460810,33715577,Posted: 22 July,all,The_Marshal,"This game is awesome, the quick paced action makes me feel like a badass. If you're into fast paced action games, I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,460810,33740794,Posted: 23 July,all,Sugary,"Great port, but the game itself is still lacking.It doesn't have much in the way of enemy variety or Platinum's signature crazy setpieces and unique bosses(that you don't fight twice, at least), but its time-slowing and bum-sliding mechanics are enough to make you feel awesome in normal gameplay while still providing a nice challenge.Overall, though it lacks in variety, its uniqueness makes it worth at least giving a chance."
,Recommended,460810,31968941,Posted: 26 May,all,Idiotproofninja,"My Favorite Third Person Shooter of all time has come to PC.It's only taken 7 YEARS.Do you like blowing up giant robots?Do you like blowing up giant robots in style?If you answered yes to any of these questions, PICK THIS GAME UP!"
76561198062856256,Recommended,460810,32034683,Posted: 28 May,all,League Is Better,"I remember this game back on the 360 and always wondered how it got so little recognition. This is a top notch third-person shooter with ""hints"" of bullet hell, and fast-paced gameplay. What a blas! Already jumping into my second playthrough. At last this game gets the port it rightfully deserves."
,Recommended,460810,31981715,Posted: 26 May,all,Snail,Thank you Sega
,Recommended,460810,31960612,Posted: 25 May,all,The Tried Piper,"Great game so far. A cover based shooter where you shouldn't be in cover and moving at ludicrous speeds towards your opponents instead. Just remenber to keep an eye on your energy bar at all times as you will become vulnerable and have to play the game like a bog standard third person shooter for a bit if it runs out. Also the energy bar decreases to overheat anyway if you are near death. So move fast, in order to not get shot, in order to move fast.This back and forth makes for a gripping, moment to moment style of gameplay, that is unmatched in it's fun-ness. I whole heartedly reccommend at full price."
76561198084061309,Recommended,460810,31960766,Posted: 25 May,all,-Tan,Vanquish finally arrived at home
,Recommended,460810,31983840,Posted: 26 May,all,GHEIST,"A great port to a great game, finally vanquish on pc. Good job SEGA."
,Recommended,460810,31959929,Posted: 25 May,all,Moss,"Well, I FINALLY finished it. Think a good mix of Lost Planet 2 and Gears of War, using the MDK coil suit after rocket boosters are strapped to the back of it, plus Steve Blum and Leon's QTE-suplexing power, taped to Warframe's Nezha for maximum drift.  Did you understand any of that?  No?  Don't try to.  Just FEEL it.It's a Platinum game, so expect to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you on a silver platter by the first boss (and the first level in general)... by the time you beat that boss, you'll be ready to fly through pretty much everything, as the boss makes you really get the hang of the controls before letting you go on.  Tough, but not unfair is the Platinum rule, and Vanquish [thankfully] is no exception... that is, until you reach Act 5.  HOLY CRAP.  37 deaths on the last stage alone...... oh right, the PC version.  So yeah, it works.  AMD FX 8300, R7 360, nothing particularly special specswise.  It runs at a solid 50 FPS most of the time at 1440p (granted, I'm using the an Xbox One GPU equivalent overclocked), but this is a Platinum game, so expect lots of framerate-destroying explosions... and expect to like every single one of them.  The framerate at 1080p is of course much more solid, frequently staying around 80 FPS.The actual visuals are awesome, the texturework is generally fine and completely clean (but nothing noteworthy by today's standards, as if that actually changed anything), and SSAO/other-stuff has been added to make the game look a bit nicer.  There's also quite a few jaggies with the default Medium settings, nothing that can't be fixed with a higher resolution.I have three main complaints:The upgrade system is kind of worthless and unreliable,Some cutscenes seem a bit choppier than they should be for no real reason, namely ones with Elena (?)The preorder ""OST Sampler"" is only five of the in-game music tracks.This is some bottom-of-the-barrel nitpicking and Vanquish PC is an absolute must for anyone.  I haven't tried the KB/M controls so I can't really say how good they are, but playing on mostly-60-except-when-it's-11 FPS with a controller feels absolutely great.  (Update: I was playing at 1440p on a crap GPU.  1080p is fine!)Oh, and it's got Mikami on board, the Resident Evil 4 director, so expect perfect pacing and some absolutely absurd gravity-defying BS in the quicktime events.  Other than the usual Platinum problems (the initial git-gud shock, the hard-as-f@#% first half of the final boss before it gets fun, and so on), Platinum has only minor issues setting it apart from the best in the genre, and as long as you stay out of hardlocked cover, you'll be doing crazy s@#% within the first three hours.I really can't recommend it enough.  It's rare that I preorder something, and even rarer that I don't feel like an idiot for doing so, but Vanquish was worth every penny and was exactly what I was hoping for waiting in hopes that it would be ported.  There are a few complaints about game length, but if you look at my own hour count... that's not bad for a $20 game.  I can say without a doubt that Vanquish is incredibly well paced, and doesn't overstay its welcome whatsoever."
,Recommended,460810,31971616,Posted: 26 May,all,Kosh,It's funny! But truth is that Vanquish - best shooter in last few years for PC
,Recommended,460810,31969996,Posted: 26 May,all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,Now you don't have to play Binary Domian anymore.
76561198053419204,Recommended,460810,31961248,Posted: 25 May,all,Human Required,Best third person shooter ever. Gears of War+Sonic the Hedgehog+the mountain of cocaine that was left on the floor of Platinum Games' development office.
76561198128674712,Recommended,460810,34773951,Posted: 6 September,all,ARS Operator,I played this game in 360 long time ago. Still a very decent fast-pace and hard but fair shooting game.
76561198059392186,Recommended,460810,32010051,Posted: 27 May,all,The King In The North,"Vanquish is easily one of the greatest games I have ever played. The simplicity of your available moves and the depth of how you can combine them make for a fantastic gameplay experience that continuously evolves as you play. It has the mechanics of a third-person cover shooter combined with the style and challenge of a Platinum Games brawler. Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,460810,32062501,Posted: 30 May,all,frymenot,"Used to play it on x360. Still the same with several improvements and several downsides.Pros:flawless 60fps and unlocked resolutionaiming with analog now smoother due to increased frameratestill the same ol good Vanquish.Cons:Could get to easy for aiming if you use mouse, qte however feels better with controller.Invincibility frame bug on 60fps and above making you die quickerStrange bug that stutters most cutscene videos and automatically skipping them when it happensStoryline is bonkers anyway so you could just play it, but kinda a downer when you do want to look at some cool scenes.There's been beta patch that fixes some things, so far the invincibility frame got fixed but i still get those cutscene skipping. Hope they keep working on it and make it better."
76561198055631052,Recommended,460810,32116371,Posted: 1 June,all,Rafalo15,"Vanquish is a masterpiece, its a goddamn intense, action packed adrenaline rush from start to finish. I played the original version on console back when it came on 2010 and considered it one of the best action games I've ever played.I still do.Its a short game, consisting of five acts and can be beat in roughly five to six hours. The story is serviceable, there's nothing outstanding or memorable about it, and thankfully the game puts it to the side in favour of focusing on the action instead. In summary, the story is about the Russians taking over a space colony and vaporising San Francisco with its laser beam, the President then sends the military in to reclaim it with you, Sam Gideon, being assigned to help them out by DARPA with your own goal in mind, to locate and rescue Dr Candide, the man who designed your ARS suit.The ARS or Augmented Reaction Suit enables you to slide around for maximum maneuvrability, as well as slowing down time if you take enough damage or trigger it manually, this allows you to plant some well placed shots or maneuver around a boss to hit their weak points. You have just 12 weapons including the DLC weapons, which are overpowered compared to the base weapons but aren't all that common. The boost machine gun for example, makes the heavy machine gun useless as they're both the same but one is stronger.The rest of your arsenal is basic, consisting of assault rifles, shotguns, sniper rifles and the likes. You can also use melee but only when your suit has energy which can be frustrating. However, sliding towards an enemy at full speed before kicking them halfway across the map was an absolute blast that I did more than I really should have.For a cover shooter inspired by the likes of Gears of Wars, Vanquish surprisingly uses little cover, and when it does you actually get penalised for it. You're essentially meant to move fast, hit hard and, obviously, not die. However on hard mode and above, thats kinda hard to because of a bug that increases the damage you recieve on higher framerates, it was eventually fixed, after I beat the damn thing, but I played on hard and there were certain sections that were nearly impossible as a result of this.But I persevered and beat the damn game in just over 5 hours with 56 deaths, the only way I could beat any boss was taking potshots from cover as they could kill me in 2-3 shots, and thats not even covering the larger scale battles where I had to spam emps to get a chance to find cover before getting shredded to bits.The game slows down towards the end, pitting you against tougher enemies, par for the course, but then it throws in human enemies with jetpacks which just.... it was irritating at times. Not to mention the second to last boss running around in circles while throwing minions at you, a pet peeve of mine.What I did enjoy about the last act of the game however, was the final boss fight. Its just you against two human enemies with similar abilities to you and I absolutely loved it. Ending with a rather surprisingly well implemented QTE sequence, it was an epic setpiece for the last fight of the game.Heck, even the credits are an interactive part of the game, as you fire at asteroids depicting the faces of the developers, with the legendary Shinji Mikami being the final one. That alone should sum up the absolute batshit insanity of this game, but the combat and the fast pace of it is easily the best part and why I highly recommend this.It was and still is PlatiniumGame's best game for me, and the PC port is absolutely stellar with minimal frame drops or any other issues, apart from that (now fixed) damage bug. I'm so glad that they ported this to PC so I could play it all over again.Positives:As insane as I remember it beingFast paced actionShort but so funNegatives:Voice acting is meh for the most partSam is forgettable as a protagonist, he has a good few points but is overall rather flatStory is a bizarre messForgetting the subpar story, the game's a solid 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,460810,32957818,Posted: 28 June,all,ChickenHeart,"If Contra somehow managed to make the leap into a 3D-shooter without failing spectacularly, Vanquish would have been the most ideal result. Flashy visuals, goofy transforming robots, and the desire to keep rushing headlong into swarms of enemies prevail in this title. While cover is plentiful and useful, the game constantly urges you to get in close with that 40-foot-tall walking tank and spew lasers into its glowing joints while it attempts to crush you underfoot before delivering a spinning backhand into the blatant pulsing reactor in its center.That said, there are plenty of blemishes dotting this piece of software. The upgrade system is obtuse and discourages you from trying new weapons; your boost, bullet-time, and melee abilities all being tied into a single bar really hurts your potential to pull off interesting maneuvers and forces you into hugging cover to recuperate waay too often; and ultimately the game is linear to all hell with very little variation of the basic run-and-gun formula.However, I will defend the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microwave-gun-toting-colony-taken-over-by-russian-robots plot to the death."
76561198174023730,Recommended,460810,33056893,Posted: 30 June,all,pig-attack,Im hooked. Its very pleasant game with everything nice to watch. Unique in many ways.
,Recommended,460810,32094189,Posted: 31 May,all,🦇SpookyPhoenix🦇,"While the story is as cheesy and dramatic as any other Platinum game, everything else about this game is spot on. Unlocked resolution and unlocked framerate make this game look and feel better than every before and the pure adrenaline boosting gameplay will keep you going until the very end - only to want to play it all over again, just like every other Platinum game.I rate this game a solid3/1010/10"
76561198068368444,Recommended,460810,33113615,Posted: 1 July,all,Reaper1933,"These are my first impressions of Vanquish. Why I'm I making an first impression video of an old game. Well it may be old for console players since it came out in 2010 for both ps3 and Xbox 360, but its kinda new on PC. Platinum games are making an effort to expand there player count onto PC with some ports of there older games. Lets see how they did with VanquishLets talk about the port itself real quick. Its on steam and at full price its only $20. It has up to 4K support and unlocked framrates which is very nice for people that have nice computers =(. It also isn’t buggy and for the most part plays really well. There are a decent amount of options in the settings and overall I think this was a great port, especially when there are some real♥♥♥♥♥♥ones out there ( Batman, Dishonored )First lets talk about what this game does wrong, It has a very short campaign ( 6 to 7 hours ) with a terrible story, and the sad part is it looks like they tried a little with the story, some games you can clearly tell they didn’t care about the story ( Street Fighter V ) but I don’t get that impression with this game. They have a lot of cut scenes and dialog and acting and drama/mystery going on. They even try to build a bond with the characters, There is one character that is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but he he starts showing his good quilts the more you play the game in hope of making you care about him in the end. But his character is too bland and for being in the game a lot he doesn’t do much so by the end of the game I still hate him. I feel like the story just gets in the way of the awesome action. I also don’t like the colors in the game, everything is very gray and boring for the most part, but the graphics are not bad at all.Ok what is good about it. Well while we are still talking about the presentation of the game, I think this games shines a lot in the animation department. Your character moves very fluid and he has this style to him with the way he moves, it makes doing some of the crazy moves a spectacle to watch. The gameplay is the real show here. It is fantastic, you can slow down time and wreak havoc on your foes but it takes up this gauge and sliding also takes up some of your gauge, so you need to use it wisely. The movement system is pretty damn good. You can hold down shift to boast/slide to get close to your enemies or you can use it to slow down time by aiming or if your nearby cover you can quickly get into that with a press of a button. You can also roll with the space bar, its not as good or fast as sliding but it doesn’t take up any of your gauge. Shooting feels pretty good, nothing special but its not bad by any means. They have some different guns you can find all over the map that all do different things are are fun to shoot and play with like the saw gun which is a gaint gun that shoots gaint saws at your enemies. The Enemies are also well designed, they don’t have the best AI but they are still fun to kill. There are a good bit of different opponents to face and cool bosses to kill. There are also some variation in the game. One point I was protecting this cargo against these big robots approaching us, this other time I had to be quite and shot out these lights so the enemies don’t spot us. Sometimes they can be really fun sometimes its ok but it does a good job at breaking the mold and that is always a plus. The game also lets you tackle situations in different play styles too which is always great to see, you can stay in cover and play it like a basic 3rd person shooter or run around using your sliding to get up on people and blast them.Overall I think this game is great. If you are into fast pace third person shooters, this is it. It is short and has a really bad story but has some amazing gameplay. I'm sad this game didn’t become more popular before but I'm happy they ported it to steam. Out of♥♥♥♥♥♥ meh, recommend, and highly recommend, this is a highly recommend in my opinion, its only $20 and its a blast to play."
76561198086758882,Recommended,460810,31958816,Posted: 25 May,all,Zappieroth132,"I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME!Bayonetta wasn't my cup of tea and frankly I think that games combat is lacking in a lot of ways.But this! This man Oh my!The music The voice acting the >cinematics< (Tho ill get back to that) The gameplay! It's all really good!.The gameplay is what shines... but frankly everything about this high action packed fast paced 3rd person shooter is nothing short to amazing!The cutscenes at least for me seem to have a little audio problem tho, And it seems that the Special Effects are to loud while everything else is a lot lower in volume... Which made them rather unpleasant to watch.But other then that little problem everything else is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥epic.This is how games should be.Options menu has fully rebindable keyboard layout and every other setting you can think of is there."
,Recommended,460810,31960487,Posted: 25 May,all,PAC TEEDUS X,"The worst thing is that it took 7 years to finally play one of the best shooters ever on a platform that can actually handle it. This port exceeded all of my most unlikely expectations: great graphics, runs on a potato and controls amazingly well with M+KB"
,Recommended,460810,32077746,Posted: 30 May,all,squiddy t,"The story of Vanquish is pretty simple. Sam Gideon, an experimental fusion between Solid Snake and Genji, must battle an unstoppable army of Russian robots to stop mecha-Putin from using his giant space microwave on New York. It's kinda generic, but the game doesn't take itself seriously at all. It's just ridiculous enough to create something exhilarating and pretty darn awesome.The setting is fun, but Vanquish really shines in its gameplay. At first glance it appears to be a generic third person cover shooter, but in this game youreallydon't want to be behind cover. Some types of walls can be destroyed by enemies, bullets often come from all directions, and the game even penalizes your score for time spent behind cover. Instead of hiding behind barriers and waiting for the enemy to stop shooting, Vanquish really encourages you to go all out at the enemy. Other than walking, your main method of locomotion is rocket sliding. By sliding around on your knees, you can avoid enemy fire, move from cover to cover, or even shoot while boosting. It makes the game feel a lot more active and exciting.Platinum Games seems to really love its slo-mo, and Vanquish is no exception. While sliding or dodging, you can hold down right click to enter a bullet time mode that opens up a ton of possiblities. You can line up shots while sliding around, take a moment to check your surroundings, or take a page from Neo's book and dodge bullets in the last possible moment. The game does a great job of making you feel like a total bada♥♥. One of the coolest things I've done in the game was boost up to a boss, use a powerful melee attack that launched me into the air, then enter slomo on the way down and continued to shoot at the boss, finishing it off.The guns in this game are pretty solid. There's only a dozen or so different weapons, but I don't feel like there needs to be more. They all fill their own little niche and stand out from each other. The controls feel really solid with mouse+keyboard, especially coming from a console port. As I mentioned before, the story is really stupid in the best way possible. The writing could use a little work, but I kinda like the campiness of it. I could do with cutscenes occurring a little less frequently. The port is pretty decent: I needed to turn some settings down to reach 60fps on my mid-range rig, but it didn't drop below that very often. For some reason, the game loses ~20 FPS in the first-person segments, but these usually don't have any action going on. My only big complaint is the graphics. Unlike Bayonetta, which has a graphical style that holds up really well (even with the recent PC port), Vanquish looks and feels like a 2010 game. The pre-rendered cutscenes do not hold up at all, and while the in-game graphics are pretty decent, the UI and menu textures look super muddy and low-res on a 1080p monitor. I can understand not wanting to retexture everything in the game, but would it take much work to just clean up the menus a bit?Despite the lack of polish on the port, Vanquish is a very exciting game and well worth $20. The gameplay is fast-paced and intense, with a lot to master. Though it seems to be pretty short (I'm about halfway through with 3.4 hrs played), the scoring system should keep me coming back for a while. I highly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,460810,32226773,Posted: 6 June,all,Kevbwell,Damn... that was fun
,Recommended,460810,35136231,Posted: 22 September,all,HateBreeder,"VANQUISH. Short but so much fun, loved the boss fights too. Platinum Games know what they're doing."
,Recommended,460810,32361658,Posted: 12 June,all,Hisasi,"A PlatinumGames classic, fun and fast paced shooter but with a forgettable and short campaign.Buy during a sale, not worth €19,99 :)"
,Recommended,460810,32053713,Posted: 29 May,all,Rycluse,"The premise of this game is ""Platinum makes a third person shooter"". That's really all you need to know. And it works beautifully.Also if you choose to skip all the cutscenes in this game, you're not missing much. There are way to many of them and the story is an incoherent mess that just exists to give you an excuse to powerslide around and shoot robots"
76561198078138574,Recommended,460810,34788182,Posted: 6 September,all,ThePhilistine,"Me- ""How old is this game""(Protagonist makes ebay reference)Me- ""Ah yes"""
,Recommended,460810,31983910,Posted: 26 May,all,The Jammer,Best version of Vanquish by a landslide.
,Recommended,460810,31974301,Posted: 26 May,all,Blanche Noir,"Vanquish basically makes players into a glass cannon - the power-suited Sam Gideon is incredibly fast and has all the offensive power he'll ever need, including slow-mo, but he can't take too many hits. The robotic enemies swarm into the locations and move for him, on the higher difficulty levels in particular making a beeline for the flanking spots. So your main offensive tool is movement: this is a 'cover' shooter about catching a breather then blasting off in another direction, rather than lining up behind a trash can to hold off an army.Vanquish is another Platinum Games title that still stands alone: think about how many third-person shooters we see, and six years after release not a one can touch it"
,Recommended,460810,31989230,Posted: 26 May,all,Axirts,"Game seems to be working fine for me (win 10, 1060 laptop at 1080, will try it on my 4k monitor later). No crashes, lag, or bugs.This is the first game I played on ps+, years ago. I decided + was worth it based on that. I would have never considered getting it back then but will gladly spend 20 on it now. Great game, great controls and mechanics. It's harder than I remember."
,Recommended,460810,31957595,Posted: 25 May,all,TotalTortilla,"This is the definitive version of Vanquish, and I can't recommend this game enough. It's a breath of fresh air for shooter games as a whole with a few simple mechanics and countless ways to utilize them (most of which you discover through experimentation rather than tutorials). If you're a fan of previous Platinum works and want to see them tackle a new genre, or just want to shoot things and go fast, don't pass this up."
,Recommended,460810,31963271,Posted: 25 May,all,MrZeebub,Totally dope game. Near perfect port. Keyboard and mouse controls work fantastic. Game runs like a dream.
76561198042784353,Recommended,460810,31966377,Posted: 25 May,all,Deckard,One of my favourite 360 games. Awesome on the PC. An absolute bulletstorm that makes your brain feel turbocharged.
76561198066956047,Recommended,460810,31979504,Posted: 26 May,all,YesIAmTheSpaceman,"Back in 2008, PlatinumGames announced their first major partnership in a four-game publishing deal with Sega: two of which being Madworld, directed by Shigenori Nishikawa, one of the lead designers for RE4, Infinite Space, directed by Hifumi Kono, former higher-up with Human Entertainment, best known for the Fire Pro Wrestling and Clock Tower games.  However, the big two that had people interested were Bayonetta, a 3D beat-em-up spiritual successor to Devil May Cry called Bayonetta, directed by DMC creator and Resident Evil 2 mainstay Hideki Kamiya, and a 'mystery shooter' from the godfather of modern survival horror himself and Kamiya's predecessor, Shinji Mikami.His first game since the cult hit God Hand back in 2006, the four-year span between God Hand and Vanquish after Clover's closing was the longest hiatus Mikami had spent between games, but it doesn't show here: Vanquish is easily as polished as Kamiya's Bayonetta, if still not as commercially successful.  Where Bayonetta takes the 'style-em-up' approach of DMC and pushes it over the limit with slick action, Vanquish - like God Hand - fully embraces the arcade high-score gluttony of old-school beat-em-ups, only with a third-person shooter.  The game does have cover mechanics for those who would prefer it, but it also is based around a streamlined control system with unique movement controls and melee attacks dependent on weapon loadouts to justify switching weapons on-the-fly for variation, with the chest-high walls as fallback for those who may need it.  WIth these systems in place, as well as four largely varying difficulty levels, it makes Vanquish an accessible shooter that, while not as pretty as a game like Bayonetta, rewards replayability.Which brings us to the bad news: if you're not a fan of high score gameplay, then outside of the extra challenges, there is very little content to the main game itself.  If one playthrough is more than enough for you, it's going to be a very short game.  Luckily, the $20 price tag is a reasonable price for such a game.As for the PC port itself, it's definitely a step up from the original console versions.  Originally developed for both 360 and PS3, but developed primarily for the PS3 in an attempt to avoid 'shoddy PS3 ports', this game has uncapped frame rate and resolution settings, multiple language settings, and numerous other technical settings.  On the other hand, most of the cutscenes are prerendered, and will usually cap at 30 fps, and sometimes even stutter on more low-end rigs, and if that's something that bothers you, it might not be the game for you.  In terms of controls, I've tried this on both mouse & keyboard and an XBox 360 controller, and the controls are extremely intuitive for either control scheme.  I've had the game crash on me only once, but a few others have stated issues with crashing, so it's also something to keep in mind."
76561197972413920,Recommended,460810,31985636,Posted: 26 May,all,Frosty21,"Amazing... simply amazing port.  Not sure about others' problems but runs perfectly, playing with mouse and keyboard makes the game so much more manageable, got through act 1 without dying in around 30 mins, locked it to 60 fps to avoid the damage bug people were talking about, but simply FUN!"
,Recommended,460810,31987531,Posted: 26 May,all,Zero,"Very fun, but the playthrough is kinda short.... ca 4 hours on a normal run. With alot of deaths xD 7/10"
,Recommended,460810,31959885,Posted: 25 May,all,Dingleberry,"I missed playing this awesome game so much!! The action and the pace is fast and super exciting! The soundtrack fits the game perfectly. If you enjoyed bayonetta, you’re gonna love this one!"
,Recommended,460810,31960011,Posted: 25 May,all,AllTheFutures,"A solid port of a classic game.There are some framerate issues with the prerendered cinematics, but the performance is there where it counts in the gameplay.The game itself looks sharp and detailed and the framerate is steady for my machine."
76561198068177588,Recommended,460810,31959413,Posted: 25 May,all,Ethereal Wolf,"Great gunplay and satisfying, excellently designed bullet time mechanics. Graphics settings are just what you would expect from a PC game. No real way to map controls freely on a controller unfortunately (although on keyboard and mouse you can) and the scenery can get a little monotonous, although if you're playing this game to admire environments I think you need to reevaluate your life. Otherwise a fantastic game.My biggest issue? There isn't a sequel yet."
,Recommended,460810,31960160,Posted: 25 May,all,Filippus,"It's like Binary Domain and Metal Gear Rising met and banged at the speed of light and then gave birth to this game.It may sound stupid since both of those came after Vanquish but that's beside the point. This game, with its shoot-robots-in-slow-motion-while-sliding-down-the-ground gameplay, is probably the coolest thing I've done in a video game since doing the same thing in Max Payne but without sliding like you just made an entrance to the Saturday night dance floor.It's a non-stop over-the-top action romp that leaves you very little room to breathe, enough firepower to always make you push forward, and just enough self-control to make each ten seconds of downtime succeed with a battle more intense than the previous.If the last paragraph made you excited at least a little bit, you should get Vanquish."
,Recommended,460810,31966293,Posted: 25 May,all,dimssora,Low budget game and decent graphic! <3
76561197979788735,Recommended,460810,31958727,Posted: 25 May,all,Warm Teabags♂,Epic port lots of fun!!!!!!!!
76561198222460760,Recommended,460810,31958643,Posted: 25 May,all,Tom Martin's Asshole,I can't begin to say just how much 60FPS improves this game.Buy it.Now
,Recommended,460810,31964573,Posted: 25 May,all,twitch.tv/xK3nnyx_Lim,"If you failed to get Vanquish in 2010, do yourself a favour and get it now in 2017! Vanquish is one of the most exhilirating, stylish and fun combat 3rd person shooter games I've ever played."
76561198001673592,Recommended,460810,31962865,Posted: 25 May,all,The Legendary Strider,I played this game on xbox years ago and now they brought it back I had to have it.....a few bits of lag (might be because of my rig) but the gameplay uhhhh ive missed it so much haha.....if anyone is looking for a single player shooter with nonstop mechs and robot killing then this is the game for you.....I hope that they make a sequel for this game because it deserves it.....I will be honest the games story aint that long but it aint too low either if your playing normal because youll experience how to go nuts......8 out of 10 I give this
,Recommended,460810,31961366,Posted: 25 May,all,RahbBebopin,"Easily one of the best shooters ever made, not hyperbole. I hope Platinum and SEGA make a sequel!"
,Recommended,460810,31961094,Posted: 25 May,all,Vechernyaya,"Excellent port.Keep up the good work Sega, and bring us more game like this, you'll be sure to have my money."
,Recommended,460810,31972609,Posted: 26 May,all,TRΞMΛN,"Yeah, man... Great gameWas great on PS3 too"
,Recommended,460810,31961285,Posted: 25 May,all,Tatsuya Shiba,"The main villain, seated on a makeshift throne pautinopodobnoj uncle, one nod of the head crushes US cities. Flat-chested us President declares war and sends the protagonist to deal with the ""stinking commies"". No story, the characters cardboard. The main chips game - reactive armor a La Iron Man and the opportunity to smoke in a shelter."
,Recommended,460810,32024895,Posted: 28 May,all,Carnivore Angel,"Just the kind of goofy, over the top, rule-of-cool nonsense I know and love Platinum Games for making.  Thank god it's finally on PC - it's short, but god is it ever fun."
,Recommended,460810,31968027,Posted: 26 May,all,Jackass McQuack,"This is the Games Port review before any updates:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros:The visuals are beautfiul, but if your Graphics Card isnt powerful then the resolution will suffer.The controls are smooth, and easy to learn.The Ground Glide function makes moving around the large battlefield tolerable.The enemies are fair, and smart. So if you get close to them, dont expect them to be the receiving end of your gun, they will smash your face in.Very high enemy variation, keeps it interesting.The Character interaction is quirky and easily memorable, save for the story.It has controller support.The game runs fast for the type it is, barely any lag issues.Theres a lot of hidden features with your Character Sam Gideon. IE If you're behind cover, pressing shift makes him take a hit from his cigarette X3Lot's of Easter Eggs!COLLECTIBLES!AWESOME BUTTON MASH CUTSCENES! PUNCH THE GIANT ROBOTS HEAD!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Cons:Your AI friendlies are dumb as a bean bag with a brain.The cutscenes sometimes pull you out of immersion.The left over tutorial bits sprinkled out will pull you out of battle, losing your concentration.Theres no jump function, makes manuvering around in the game feel weird.Picking up things can be hard if you arent exactly over them or touching them.Weapons barely have any description, go to the wikia or the manual.Having no weapon description means your firing it just to see what it does, this might seem like an exciting feature of discovery, but ammo is limited to that one gun during that section.Upgrades to weapons are not explained, so you can pick them up and not notice that your assault rifle has 3 stars in the corner, and not know what it did.The game does not have windowed option, you have ALT+ENTER.This also makes streaming a bit more difficult if you have one screen.The game is very quick to throw you into new enemies, meaning, if you're concentrated on a group of enemies that are already there and firing at you, a behemoth can spawn right to the side or behind you and anihilate you if you're not paying attention.The AR mechanic can be confounding. So if you want to get a sick shot in slow motion, better use a controller. Because the keyboard makes it worse.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------And finally, port bugs.The aiming left click is broken, it will keep you aiming and not firing.The main gun firing mechanic is also broken. If you catch the game in a situation of pressing too many buttons at once, you're immediately emptying your clip into anything thats in front of you. And you're not pressing anything.I have yet to discover anymore, but seeing as the main function of the game is broken, I might not pick it back up until it's fixed.Please fix it guys, I want to love this game."
76561198119748150,Recommended,460810,31960132,Posted: 25 May,all,thecoletrain128,Quite an impressive port for one of my favorite 3rd person shooters. It's able to hold a consistent 60 FPS and looks great to boot. This is the best way to play Vanquish.
,Recommended,460810,31965325,Posted: 25 May,all,S.U.C.C,"This was one of the most underrated games of the PS3-360 era, and it still holds up well today. The story is bonkers and it doesn't exactly look the best, but the fast-moving gameplay and satisfying action are perfectly intact, untouched by time. The price isn't too bad either; Vanquish is extremely short but there's very little filler. It also helps that the port is really good, too. It scales well, so you're definitely going to get a better experience than the last-gen 720p 30ish fps game from seven years ago, especially in 60fps.For context: I've played about two hours into the PC version, and finished one playthough on PS3."
,Recommended,460810,31965385,Posted: 25 May,all,Cloudero,Give this game a try if you are:1)A third person shooter fan.2) A PlatinumGames fan.3) Looking for an action-packed game to play.The port runs very well and there is no problem playing the game with Mouse and Keyboard.
76561198117631981,Recommended,460810,31965316,Posted: 25 May,all,Tehtiny,"It runs amazingly well, great job platinum! and thanks for porting vanquish to steam!"
,Recommended,460810,32466769,Posted: 16 June,all,Annie T. Mood,"A short and incredibly speedy third-person shooter by Platinum.The entire game, minus the cutscenes, can run well over 60 FPS depending on how strong your rig is and loads incredibly fast between loading screens as a result.Originally a console game, the controls were designed for such and controller play is very much do-able. Coming to PC however and with it being an incredibly fast third-person shooter it's obvious that KB+M are more viable as that new playstyle has been implemented nicely here as well.I've only played the demo way back on PS3 so I'm not sure how good this port looks graphically in comparison, tough it still looks great on high resolutions.The plot is that cliche'd America VS. Russia thing and the EN voice acting is just as corny. It's a placeholder for the game itself if anything.There are 5 acts and a varied number of missions in each one, but the game itself is incredibly short like many other Platinum games.QTEs exist here; most are simplistic but the button mashing ones can be physically tiring, worse if you're attempting them on a keyboard.The game's a fast third-person cover shooter that's actually designed to encourage mobility and not be behind cover very often. A lot of cover options are destructible depending on what kind of damage is done to them and there are plenty of enemies that will, in one way or another, close in on you making the stationary option a poor choice eventually.The key features for the mobility are the game's slow motion feature known as AR mode and the ability to power slide, Boosting. You can't do either forever and they both use up the same bar on the UI which indicate how much heat the protagonist's suit can take before it overheats & needs to cool down for a lengthy period. While it's cooling down, you won't be able to use Boost or AR mode during that time so you're encouraged to manage them properly; making constant use of both features extensively without overheating the suit.The AR mode is essentially the ""bullet-time"" in the game and can only be activated manually through varied means. The game doesn't just go into slow motion during this, but you also move and shoot faster, giving more reason to use it frequently. AR mode can also be triggered automatically by taking too much damage which is meant to be a moment for you to get to safety, but it can't be turned off as a result thus forcing the suit to overheat. It's a bit jarring that you can't turn it off manually if that kind of situation occurs since more often than not you'll already be in a safe situation before you need it on any longer.Boosting allows you to slide with decent control at high speeds for as long as the gauge on the UI allows it. It's one of the main features that make the game be as fast as it looks and it feels cool doing it, especially whilst simultaneously shooting. Aiming or just shooting while Boosting turns on AR mode for as long as you're shooting or aiming, even with a sniper and a rocket launcher. It makes sense with aiming but I don't think it activate if you're just firing without aiming. If you're playing with a mouse, you can make complete u-turns with ease while sliding.The shooter part is decent. The primary enemies in the game are a fair variety of robots and they all hit pretty hard, at least on Normal and Hard mode, and even harder when they use close-ranged attacks. Most of them can have their limbs shot off or disabled if damage is dealt enough on that part. I find that bit of info only really useful if you don't know how to or can't avoid some attacks properly and you're aware of what can be shot off, but nonetheless it's a great mechanic to have.The friendly soldiers you fight with are virtually useless. They don't hit their targets very often, they die fast, they can sometimes obstruct your view, and there's no penalty for them dying in any way save for some point deductions at the end of a mission. The best use I ever have for them are for them to be distractions and if you revive someone when they've got a marker on them that indicates you can do so, you're rewarded with a weapon. Whether or not the weapon they drop is random, I didn't check.There are eleven weapons in total you can find throughout the game and you're only allowed to carry three at a time excluding the frag & EMP grenades as seen on the d-pad-like interface. The assault rifle is probably the most common gun in the game as it damages decently, is fairly accurate, and has a sizable ammo count. While everything else is useful in their own right, the other weapons feel more situational than overall practical since in comparison to my time with the assault rifle, I barely had a need to use anything else.The sound of the weapons don't feel very impactful either; they're low in volume and feel incredibly weak, even the shotgun, rocket launcher, and sniper. The melee attacks in the game sound harder than the guns but that's not saying a whole lot.Some neat little things about the weapons you use are that you don't actually use or even pick up weapons on the field, but rather your suit scans them, thus forming it on your hands. If ammo for a held weapon is full and you pick up the same type of weapon somewhere, it gets upgraded. Most upgrades are only useful when they reach certain ranks as nothing actually gets upgraded until those points. Dying on Normal mode or higher downgrades the currently held weapon, though exiting to the main menu while your dying animation is occurring and continuing from the checkpoint renders the downgrade feature null, and that exploit is far more convenient on PC.Melee attacks exist in the game but are extremely limited. They're incredibly powerful and are different depending on what weapon you're currently holding while you perform it. I guess for balancing purposes your suit overheats instantly as a result if you hit an enemy with a melee attack.People say that this game has a lot of ""depth"" and I've been using the ""hidden"" things I've seen people do to my advantage, but the game doesn't give much incentive to go that far save for the very last difficulty that can be unlocked maybe. As satisfying as it may be to use these things, the primary functions work well enough to get you from point A to B. Scoring exists in the game and results appear after the end of each mission. There's no real reward for doing well in any regard meaning it's all just there for bragging rights.The game's a great take on the third-person shooter genre given how fast & arcadey it is but, one, it's an incredibly short game where the story is only around five or so hours long and, two, I don't see much replayability in it outside of those that are maybe willing to dig deeper, especially with an unrewarding scoring system such as this."
76561198165244570,Recommended,460810,32896677,Posted: 27 June,all,[R.S.]Xseth5,"2 words, ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
,Recommended,460810,31984088,Posted: 26 May,all,RedPanda,"Bullet hell. Everywhere you go are flying bullets and lasers. You go left, right, back, forward, bullets everywhere. Bullets are coming even from your♥♥♥♥♥The only thing I dont understand, why is Sam smoking? He is smoking cigarette for like two seconds and throw it out unfinished. DO YOU KNOW HOW ARE CIGARRETES EXPENSIVE SAM?! DO YOU?!!8/10"
76561197970393752,Recommended,460810,31979338,Posted: 26 May,all,ragjavhol,"Dear SEGA & PlatinumGames, THANK YOU ! <3 :)Vanquish was one of my favorite action games on xbox 360 and i still love it.Make a sequel, please! There are lots of sh*tty games that get sequels, and Vanquish is actually one of the few titles that really deserves a sequel....so please make Vanquish 2.by the way, I'd also like to see Bayonetta 1 & 2 and Vanquish for Nintendo Switch  :)"
,Recommended,460810,32005158,Posted: 27 May,all,dannyboy,"Love the game. No downside besides not being a FPS, but it still works as a 3rdPS and I love the pace of the fights."
,Recommended,460810,31982761,Posted: 26 May,all,Randal J. Johnson,"this game is if gears of war had  some of the mechanics and the humor from bulletstormits extremely fun, the game runs as smooth as butter, looks amazing in its upgraded form with only a few areas looking strange with models that werent supposed to be seen in HD and controlls fantastically on keyboard and mouse.completely worth the $20, another excellent port from Platinum"
76561198083298194,Recommended,460810,31976111,Posted: 26 May,all,Slippykeys,amazing just amazing i had it on the ps3 the graphics on the ps3 just thinking of it makes me want to throw my old cd out the window but this games graphics are amazing and if you havent played the game its pretty much sonic meets mgs but alot more action everything is just great but one single thing im looking at you story but if you play games just for fun buy this now but if your for the story feel free not to buy it oh and GOTTA GO FAST
76561198146424718,Recommended,460810,31971387,Posted: 26 May,all,Kingsman Candarian,Best 3rd person shooter ever made
,Recommended,460810,31966105,Posted: 25 May,all,Nuclear Cherries,"One of the greatest third person shooters of all time, now with mouse and keyboard controls, making it even better. A must buy, simply for the fact that it is one of few games that can safely be described as balls to the wall insane, as you zip about on your knees while shooting russian robots. This is all happening in slow motion, and a beautiful, glorious uncapped framerate to make your wildest dreams come true.God bless Platinum, and God bless this beautiful game."
76561197974430084,Recommended,460810,32484706,Posted: 16 June,all,[TBR] noSUB,"Vanquish:brilliant, amazing ,entertianting , visually stunning in 4k  just all around excellent ...Hummm..let me see ..Gears of War 4 or Vanquish ..lol i spent £40 on GOW and now feel after spending £15 on Vanquish that GOW4 developers should've looked at Vanquish as a benchmark and simply ripped off some of the fresh ideas and excitement ..instead they just did GOW again ...If they had copied  the invention and adrenalin  that Vanquish brings they would've had a much better game...as it is Vanquish, after 6 years in the wilderness hands GOW4 its♥♥♥♥♥♥on a plate ...surely it should've been the other way around?"
,Recommended,460810,31956946,Posted: 25 May,all,AnigmaH,This game is so good that Sonic can't beat Sam.
76561198086125734,Recommended,460810,34853269,Posted: 9 September,all,General Winter,"Do you like the fast pace action platium games is know for but want it in a shooter?Vanquish has you ""covered"".  This is the fastest paced cover based shooter that exist ever, you like to ZIP ZOOM, you can do that, you like to have cover WHILE ZIP ZOOMING, this game has that. the simplest way to desribe it is gears of wars, but now you can glide across the floor and now you have witch time (which slows down time) military editionthe story isn't much, but its good, short filler for whats its worth. Basically its Russia vs. America IN SPACE with FUTURE TECHNOLOGY and for some reason russia can develop advanced robot AI but not america (i haven't finished the story yet). MC is your typical witty badass who always has a remark, and Big Guns (its a nickname i made up, its very obvious why) complements his remarks with his own remarks and they bounce off each other, its nice if its your thing, if not, mute voice is always a thingother then the typical ♥♥♥♥♥♥ score system and time constraints that'd give sonic the hedgehog a run for his money, i can't say there's any glaring flaws with the game, the heat system is really balanced (im playing it on hard) and it has a knack for tellling you not to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, which is to be expected of hard mode.Overall, if you want a fast paced cover shooter with a cliche plot, High Quality Gameplay, and the typical wittiness most MC's had at the time of this game's release, then you should honestly play this, im glad this game came to PC or i would've never picked it up10/10"
,Recommended,460810,34896988,Posted: 12 September,all,MorallyBankrupt,"I bought this game at launch on PS3, it was one of the few games I owned on it. I never got a chance to finish it now that its on PC (Steam) I got the chance to. Amazing gameplay at first I was using my Xbox One controller to play but then I thought to myself ""let me try my mouse and keyboard"" this game has some of the most fluid controls for a 3rd person shooter I've ever seen, good job on the port and it was amazing to play in 4k at times. As for the game its self the way it handles itself; it reminded me of those shooters you play at Chuck-E-Cheeses going along a railroad track shooting things to left and right. The story was scifi-ish and that's not normally my genre but again it was a blast.Also it had the best credits in VIDEO GAME HISTORY I had a blast during them, mind blown.10/10Hopefully we get more games by SEGA on Steam."
76561197979261882,Recommended,460810,33268463,Posted: 5 July,all,Snuttfisen,"People always come up to me (not really) and ask what my favorite 3rd person action game is.I say to them:""Surely it must be Uncharted 2!?"" I say with a hint of uncertain trembles in my voice.However, then I think about it for a while and wonder, cuz I hated some elemets in Uncharted. I didn´t like it for its combat that´s for sure.Devil May Cry 3?Well that´s possibly the best I can come up with, it´s silly, over the top, but the normal difficulty absolutly murdered me!! At least after I was forced by the game to play on Easy, after that Normal was something resembling a cake walk. Still hard though.Therefore DMC3 is probably not the best difficulty wise for me (yeah, I know I´m a noob).So then what is the best 3rd person shooter experience I´ve had then? I don´t know.And after playing Vanquish I still don´t know.Playing it safeI´ve played Bayonetta, Platinum games previous spectacle shooter. And it wasn´t bad...however, Japanese games are allways about score and grading, explosions in various colours, arcade style gameplay, fast controls etc, etc (and they do it damn well!) and that´s not for me.This here Vanquish game here makes me feel like an old fart. Like all japanese games they remind me of how slow my brain work now that i´m pushing 30.And it feels like they do what they do best which is high octane gameplay with a lot of ""mash-this-button-to-do-this move-and-flip-vertically-to-go-thorugh-the-tunnel-and-slo-mo-under-this-here-to-do-that-there-and-shoot-his-head for-more-points-while-you-running-up-a-wall-and-then-flipflop-over-that-bridge and THEN YOU DIE!!!!!Like I said, it´s not a bad game. Just safe. But if you like what I just described up yonder, then you´ll like this game.Smooth framrates?I´ve been told that this version is the best version of Wankwish, but I rearely see framerate issues and I don´t have the most expensive rig.However, I AM able to play the Witcher 3 and Battlefield 1 on Ultra settings and it runs smooth as silk (as a friend of mine who spots framerate issues regularly in games)This game however, doesn´t work properly. Even I can see that.And it has some annyoing thing to make the screen blink while walking. Am I the only one noticing this?It becomes sort of like a strobe effect and it´s really annyoing and takes a while to get used to.VerdictI´d still recommend it.It´s not a bad game but not an excellent either. It´s a nice little game that I think 3rd person people will like.Just don´t expect too much and don´t belive the hype (yeah there´s hype on this too!)Don´t take my word for it, play the game and see for yourself.But, I have to moan about one more thing though!WHY is it that in most japanese games like these...why do they have cutsceenes that shows the character doing so awesome tricks that YOU won´t be able to do during gameplay? That´s cheeky innit??!!"
,Recommended,460810,34965338,Posted: 14 September,all,The Usselmeister,"I really liked this game, very fast paced action, I can't name any third person shooter with as many movement options, the closest thing is max payne or something... if you're a fan of action third person shooters, like any of the max payne games, I think you will love this"
,Recommended,460810,34974760,Posted: 15 September,all,Black,This game was a very pleasant ride. For the price. I'd say a challenging 3rd person shooter is okay for 20 bucks with the amazing visual this one had plus a superb soundtrack
,Recommended,460810,33506947,Posted: 13 July,all,deim0s,Hiding behind waist-high walls? You're doing it wrong! Played this on PS3 on day one and still enjoyable today. You really can't go wrong with a Platinum Games game.
76561198132177676,Recommended,460810,34831399,Posted: 9 September,all,Red Sun,"Like most of the reviews you will see online say, this is a good game with fast-paced gameplay, fairly balanced mechanics, and a story line that the writers knew really didn't matter. It is short - I took my time and got 6.1 hours total. But it was a good 6 hours.Graphics: 6/10. 10/10 for its age; 8/10 for a remaster. Definitely has a ""Sega"" type of style that you'll notice heavily in the main menu. Obviously don't expect the graphics to look like RYSE or Quantum Break, but they still aren't disappointing even in 4K UHD.Mechanics: 9/10. Mostly good 3rd person action shooter mechanics with a few neat twists. Occasionally some console-esque button mashing that I found annoying. A variety of weapons to choose from and some fun ways to utilize and upgrade them. The slide-boost mechanic is awesome. The designers talk about playing the game differently than typical action-shooters, but don't feel like you have to.Story: 4/10. No meat, lackluster character development, some scenes that make no sense at all. Continuity gets interrupted frequently by points calculations like a street fighter game from a 90s arcade. Most cutscenes flow into the game smoothly, but some are annoyingly jarring. But +2 (6/10) for a few clever lines of dialogue that make it fun. Don't get too attached to any of the marines.Overall: 7/10. Not one you'll take home to mother, but you'll enjoy playing it while you have it. Better than a trip to Elitches - no waiting in line and no sunburn! And cheaper, too. Definitely worth getting, especially if you catch it on sale.The ending credits are a fun little minigame - that was a nice surprise and more entertaining than other games' credits."
,Recommended,460810,33665210,Posted: 19 July,all,FredtheFailLord,"It's a lot of fun, though short.  Upgrade the assault rifle and laser cannon early on."
76561197966475997,Recommended,460810,34875263,Posted: 10 September,all,DeltaRing,"TLDR - This game is high octane, short, and really fun to play. (SPOLIERS BELOW)The controls are intuitive if you are at least somewhat familiar to the genre. The team did a great job mixing fast pace action with simple cover base shooting to allow for a very unique gaming experience.The game is pretty short, I completed in about 8 hours (an average COD experience) but does leave room for higher difficulty. I feel pretty satisfied, as the game does not feel to drawn out and it short length means you will play just enough.Spolier, it ends on kinda a cliff hanger. Not so bad if there was a sequel, but since I have not heard of one, you will have to fill in the blank yourself. Though in all, I totally recommend this game."
76561198116930297,Recommended,460810,34973116,Posted: 15 September,all,Shlomosuke,"Well, that's quite a good surprise to be honest.In my mind, the most important part in a videogame is the gameplay. Especially in that kind of action/ fast paced game. And Vanquish's gameplay's great. I had a lot of fun sliding around, beating robots to pulp, bigger robots to pulp and russian clichés to pulp. It's quite inovative, i dont remember a game using a sliding system like that. And mixed with the bullet time ( or AR, but it's bullet time) it actually slows down the game a bit, allowing you to take a deep breath and get back in, which is, to my mind, a great way to give a game a good rythme, a rythme that i'm the one to control.Graphics are ok, even to these days, it really doesnt look bad. For a 360 game it's not terrible, compared to, for example, alice madness returns. And the main character design, as well as the weapon design/huge bots designs look very futuristic and it's very well rendered with the many animations they implemented. When you switch weapons, it actually transforms in a very stylish manner. Same for the bosses when they switch stances, it's all very fluid.Which brings me to another very important part: it's a good port. A very good one. Anti-aliasing, bindings, mouse/keyboard combo, everything's customable and working perfectly fine. No frame drop, no crashes, no glitches. That's how a port is supposed to be! And I thank sega for that. It really bugs when i cant change the bindings in a game.As for the sound, well the musics gave, from time to time, a Streets of Rage vibe and since i'm a huge fan i loved it. Yet, and now we get to the cons in the game, the voice acting might be one of the worst i've ever heard. It's so bad i even thought the whole game was kinda 2nd degree you know.Same goes with the scenario. It's so cliché, the characters are so, i dont know, i cant find the words, everything's so predictable from the beginning to the end, the dialogues seem to've been written by a 12 yo child it's just bad. And it's so bad i happened to think ""is that some kind of critiscm against the american movies/games?"". It might be. I dont know tbh. So, i dont know if it's a con or not, cause some people might like it. I personnaly laughed quite a lot at the catch phrases.So yes, if you like face paced game in which you dont need to think, just shoot your way through to the russian big guy and the disapointing ending, then you can buy it. It's rather short tho (played on hard, cleared some challengers and it took me 7-8 hours. Barely)If you prefer well written stories, touching characters.... well it's not for you."
,Recommended,460810,32562304,Posted: 19 June,all,Dusty,Powersliding 'murican supersoldier saves the world...IN SPACE
,Recommended,460810,33251149,Posted: 4 July,all,RapperGerste,Now that's how you do a PC Port!Oh and an awesome game too btw.You don't wanna miss the credits.10/10 game
76561198118276279,Recommended,460810,33271474,Posted: 5 July,all,Nerox,"Butt slid through an area, shot down multiple robots in slow motion, then proceeded to punch another robot until it exploded. Not even mad. 10/10"
,Recommended,460810,33432725,Posted: 10 July,all,Kwtg95,Vanquish is very fun fast past 3rd person action game where you literally drift slide though levels at break neck speeds.But in terms of Shinji Mikami's games it a bit on the generic side of things. But that doesn't stop me from wanting a continuation of vanquish because the game ends when things get really interesting. Please Sega fund platinum games to make a sequel.Part Two of Shinji Mikami's Wild Ride.
76561198196028839,Recommended,460810,33444389,Posted: 10 July,all,GSX-R,Awesome game. Played it on xbox 360 long time ago and now saw this and decided to give it a shot again. Love this game. Fast action a lot of shooting and weapon upgrades. I wish they made second part for it
,Recommended,460810,33448216,Posted: 10 July,all,Chimble Hungleslack,"Y'know, I think my main gripe with this game is that the main character constantly pulls out a cigarette, takes one puff, then throws it away. Think of how much he must spend on them, especially considering inflation!"
76561198295267656,Recommended,460810,33635648,Posted: 18 July,all,kazumashirou,"Under heavy fire, one of the NPC starts to run into his death just to increase the numbers of teammate deaths that are included in my level completion report.Really annoying where I have to revive them from their own suicide attemptbut the rest is an enjoyable ride into the stray bullet arena."
76561198095807693,Recommended,460810,33673930,Posted: 20 July,all,wetterimage,A very brief review.PROS:Lots of running-and-gunning.Kind of like Gears Of War in terms of singleplayer mechanics.Fast-paced gameplay (can be scaled down by changing difficulty level)Cons:It's fairly shortUnanswered question(s):How does that guy does  SO much sliding and not have his buttocks catch on fire ?
76561198098916941,Recommended,460810,34796050,Posted: 7 September,all,XXXRichardspencer,This was such a great under-the-radar game 7 years ago. So glad it's starting to get some recognition with this port.
76561197970697727,Recommended,460810,34796392,Posted: 7 September,all,Daltone,Boost Boost Pew Pew Pew Pew BOOM Boost Pew Pew Bost Bost Pew BOOM Cheese Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew Pew Bossboom.
76561198081913947,Recommended,460810,34817754,Posted: 8 September,all,gundamac2004,FANTASTIC!! Vanquish definately reminds me of a time when playing video games were about creativity and above all else FUN!! Simply magnificent port to pc with great control for either your mouse or gaming pad  (NO IN GAME PURCHASES AND NO DLC) just a great semi short story that to this day keeps up graphically with most current gen games.A MUST for FPS fans or for younger gamers who would like to experience a time when games where about quality and not quantity. (Man..even now that boost propulsion slide is one of the most KICK♥♥♥♥♥things i've seen in a video game! 60 Hz all the way baby! )
,Recommended,460810,32029948,Posted: 28 May,all,Firvulag,Edit: already patched in a beta-patch. Good job devs!The higher your framerate the more damage your character takes = broken game
,Recommended,460810,31983226,Posted: 26 May,all,"Kim, The Schwifty",A solid port of a 360 classic.
,Recommended,460810,32046249,Posted: 29 May,all,bdlance,"The best cover based shooter (Gameplay wise) you can get at this price. With fast paced, matrix esque combat that feels great. Runs amazingly and looks pretty damn good for a 7 year old game. However, it is by no means a perfect game, with some annnoying bugs or patterns with the friendly and enemy AI. The game also gets a little repetitive, but that is solved by the short running time, which is only around 6 hours. Great game 8/10"
76561197975668216,Recommended,460810,31960613,Posted: 25 May,all,DukeMinus,"Finally, the version of this game I've been waiting for! Completely unlocked framerates and resolution! I couldn't be happier!Edit: Actually one minor complaint: The mixing of the audio between the game and cutscenes are off. But nothing you can't tailor in the audio options menu."
76561197993481525,Recommended,460810,31960606,Posted: 25 May,all,Vamperian,Buckle up. It's one hell of a ride.
,Recommended,460810,31961892,Posted: 25 May,all,MiR1019,If Platinum Games made a third person shooter. That's all you need.
76561197978853811,Recommended,460810,31970114,Posted: 26 May,all,Ana Tw,100% Worth it... being able to experience a game like this at higher resolutions and hight FPS...There's no words to describe how good the experience of this game is... is like a crossover between Bayonetta (Japanese style game) and Gears of War... It's a Classic Platinum Game.
,Recommended,460810,32008249,Posted: 27 May,all,2Joe,"Can you name another shooter where you can throw away a cigarette, drop kick an enemy, blast his body to pieces with a shotgun and then mow down his buddies in slow motion.THE ANSWER IS NO YOU CAN'TYOU PLAY THIS LIKE A GENERIC COVER SHOOTER I'LL FIND OUT WHERE YOU LIVE AND DROP KICK YOU INTO SPACE10/10 100/100 FIVE STARS A+WHEN'S ANARCHY REIGNS PC"
,Recommended,460810,32051873,Posted: 29 May,all,Sergeant Irish | Tombstone 3,"Alright, so vanquish, a Title that i wouldn't expect to show up on steam's store front, and like all port, the first thing that i'd want to talk about is the performance, how is it ?, well unlike bayonetta where your frames would randomly drop and stutter, vanquish actually performs great, even better than some AAA games that wasn't a port, and this is because the game is ported by little stone software, the same studio that's responsible for the Valkyria chronicles port for PC, and credit where credit is due, they done something that not many studio did, even though there are still a couple of bugs which i'll talk about later,[Gameplay]: 8/10, Imagine Gears of war and binary domain had a rowdy night on a motel with 60 cans of red bull,[Graphics]: 9/10, Simply beautiful without excessive use of effects (would suggest turning off blur because its annoying)[Story]: 7/10 as generic as you can get, with basic characters, but let's be honest, if we want to see pointless expositions then we'll just go play something like life is strange, and it is enough to keep you entertain,[Music]: 7/10, well there's not much, but what's there is enough[Bugs]: 6/10, while it doesn't affects the performance you're getting, there is one bug that might screw you over, when your framerate went above 60fps, the damage that enemies inflict significantly increased, which might seems like a good thing for those who are looking for a challenge, but not necessarily for those who aren't, a simple patch should fix this and my potato can't reach higher than 60-70 anyway, but i'm holding my score until they do, just to be fairso overall, would i recommend Vanquish ?, yes, especially for that price, at least they're not selling old games for full price *Cough Cough* Bethesda *Cough Cough*"
,Recommended,460810,32053164,Posted: 29 May,all,Shaftboop,"Thought it was Gears of War meets a cool buttslide.Then I learned that I can abuse the system and never have to stop moving. Also, I actually like damage tied to framerate, it lets me get gud.The story sucks, but its just there to give you somthing to shoot, so it really dosent matter.10/10 would buttslide forever"
76561198152196838,Recommended,460810,33975508,Posted: 2 August,all,WhatIsMyLife,"On the rare occasion that I decide to play a third person shooter, the only ones I want to play are Resident Evil 4 and Vanquish. This port is the definitive version of the game. Altho I do think Resident Evil 4 is the better game overall."
,Recommended,460810,32011446,Posted: 27 May,all,Sir Digby,My wish came true. Thanks SEGA.
76561197992083855,Recommended,460810,32023644,Posted: 28 May,all,Matyvalien,"Excellent game awesome port , keep it up Platinium games!"
,Recommended,460810,33649227,Posted: 19 July,all,HonorGuardian,"Vanquish [PC] Review:I never knew about Vanquish until PlatinumGames introduced it to Steam after Bayonetta port. It looks really fast-moving as shooting!Look so stunned on PC with my 1440p144 monitor. I actually played at least five. One of them was for collecting achievements. Really amazing battle style. Would love to play games like Vanquish, Bayonetta, and Metal Gears Rising. If anyone know which games like that and are available on Steam, LET ME KNOW! Cheer up.Interested to watch my Vanquish Playthroughts? First video:https://youtu.be/ofRRehBwBj0Playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXX1_eSUisIEi_ILfK_hKQirHhoQmDL3e==========Legend Icon: '+' is PRO, '-' is CONControl:+ Keyboard and Mouse work well so far. Easy to adapt to high sensitivity to minimize mouse's movement+ Took a while to get comfort with Keyboard+Mouse settingGraphic:+ Improved graphic from console to PC version+ Requires little to no time to load. Took less than a second to load.+ Support 1440p and 144hz,- Free Run and Battles run at uncapped FPS, but cutscenes only run at 30FPS. Not so great since my eyes had to adapt repeatedly between 30FPS and uncapped FPSGameplay:+ Fast-paced shooting!+ Slow-motion while shooting+ Some weapons may be look crappy, but they were actually powerful. like LFE Gun. I regreted that I tossed it aside after testing it with slow projectile... Silly me.+ Allies can support to killing enemies. They would definitely get killed, but they would respawn anyway.- Allies sometimes being stupid, like diving onto my aim zone or barely hit enemies.- Really short overall campaign. Took about six hours to complete the story. Understandable since the game was released in 2010 within PS3/X360.- Unskippable Credit end- Weapon's Upgrades can't be customized manually, so it will be upgraded in the order. For example, Assault Rifle will get powers up: Ammo > Ammo > Magazine > Ammo > Power > Mag. > Ammo > Ammo > Mag. > Power.- Slow Motion after took severed damage can't be deactivated to avoid overheat... extreme disadvantage for battle.Bug:- In Act 3-2, When Super 35's Transport lands, one of soldiers inside the transport (B. Martinez) will be stuck inside, so it will take longer to lower a bridge.- Enemies sometimes attack us through cover/wall ignoring physic. For example, Bia managed to slash through the cover and damage Sam, but the cover remained intact. Another example, Quadruple Argus robot shot through its own legs with its rocket. It was unpredictable for me to respond fast.==========My PC System:> Intel i7-4790k @ 4.00GHz> Windows 10 Pro> G.Skill Sniper Series 16GB RAM 1833MHz> Samsung 850 Evo 500GB SSD> EVGA GTX 1080 Ti SC2> Asus ROG PG278Q 1440p144 Monitor"
,Recommended,460810,32052091,Posted: 29 May,all,nazee zamby patriarch,"it's even better than it was on the console.it even let me rebind all the keys. except for the E key in quicktime events, I dunno I guess they kinda forgot about that one but whatever the game is still really awesome.it's not even that long. they knew not to drag out the game too much with unnecessary padding, it's super quick action. I'm gonna play it again on a harder difficulty now."
76561197997677510,Recommended,460810,32620362,Posted: 21 June,all,lemonbone,Fun.7/10.
,Recommended,460810,32008825,Posted: 27 May,all,Op_1127,This game is like a non-stop rollercoaster ride from beginning to end. Never a dull moment and also a solid port. Would absolutely recommend if you're a fan of action games.
,Recommended,460810,32010749,Posted: 27 May,all,Aruz,"Very short for a single playthrough, but the gunplay is incredibly fun.Only major issue I have with the game is that Quick Time Event button prompts don't get changed when rebinding keys, so the default will usually always be ""E"" even if that action was changed to something else."
,Recommended,460810,33221030,Posted: 4 July,all,天堂| Ninja Tobe,Wtf are you doing by not buying this game!!? BUY IT!
,Recommended,460810,34832603,Posted: 9 September,all,Orangutangible,If you want a shooter with fun fluid and over all phenomenal combat then this might be the game for you.
76561198083135368,Recommended,460810,32072500,Posted: 30 May,all,Biting_cold,Aus dem Weg!﻿/10
76561198081925237,Recommended,460810,32084083,Posted: 31 May,all,toocasualdx,"Hello!  I started up the game and played for about an hour.  After that hour, I decided to shut -down my PS4 because I think I'll be playing Vanquish for the next couple of days!  It that good to me.  Very fluid, exciting and funny.  Definitely check this out if you missed it before."
76561198048324805,Recommended,460810,32934678,Posted: 28 June,all,Jack Tatin,Great game.If you enjoy bullet time and epic battle go buy this game.
76561198084581823,Recommended,460810,32771996,Posted: 25 June,all,Citrus Golem,"Vanquish is a masterpiece of a third person shooter. Despite being a port of a console game from 2010, the game still somehow feels innovative to this day. The game flows incredibly well, with controls being incredibly precise thanks to the change from controller to mouse and keyboard. Combat is blindingly fast and incredibly intense, and the game almost never slows down to let you catch your breath over the course of its runtime.The game is short, roughly 4-5 hours, but the variety of weaponry and the sheer joy of the combat makes repeat playthroughs just as exciting as the first time through. I beat this game 3 times within a week of purchasing it."
,Recommended,460810,32603992,Posted: 20 June,all,Tallcat,The world's only fun over the shoulder shooter. The unlocked frame rate and tight KB+M controls made this an absolute joy from start to finish.
,Recommended,460810,31959355,Posted: 25 May,all,JamyBot,"Basically if the japanese thaught up iron man.10/10 would light a sigarette in the middle of a fire fight again.__________________________________________________________________________Just an edit here.Actually have finished the game now and it is so much better than I remember, you should definately get this game if you have played it and if you haven't. It is really fun but can be a bit bull ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times with the game throwing a couple of random curve-balls at you but not so many to warent a bad experiance.The game is how it was on console so there isn't much need to explain the gameplay and the plot its confusing at times but still will keep you hooked, plus you get to fight along side Cabel from the x-men.I stand by my score 10/10 would chain smoke again."
76561198069609574,Recommended,460810,32009135,Posted: 27 May,all,VND,Still the Best 3rd Person Action Shooter and it plays better than what i remember.You are in full control of the action.
,Recommended,460810,32051922,Posted: 29 May,all,Sojun,"Better than needed character controls, lots of added pc options, runs near enough 60 all the time at 4k high settings with a 1060 card.Pointless over the top cutscenes & on hard it made me die 16 times on the argus core bossHighly recommended"
,Recommended,460810,32023106,Posted: 28 May,all,BITCH I LOOK LIKE GOKU,ROCKET KNEES
,Recommended,460810,34767256,Posted: 5 September,all,hazzman14,Solid port
,Recommended,460810,32067510,Posted: 30 May,all,DicksGuy,Have you ever wanted rockets in your knees?
,Recommended,460810,34797527,Posted: 7 September,all,XxAniHiLatoRxX csgogem.com,Its very good but the campaign is kinda short.I finished it in 8 hrs i think!But a must try game!
76561198149228675,Recommended,460810,34770199,Posted: 5 September,all,Moon'sDeity,"I made a 25 minutes in-depth review on this game.https://youtu.be/qaJbjZF5aAM(Youtube downgraded my footages pretty heavily, the game looks way crispier in play.)Vanquish is directed by Shinji Mikami, and it is the only title he had done under PlatinumGames. A third person cover shooter that plays very differently among its genre thanks to the emphasis onspeed, sadly, the story wasn't the focus, weak character writings is also present and obvious. Slide boosting will have you traverse in high speed within a battlefield, and AR Mode allows you to dispense enemy in slow-motion. Mixing high-speed and slow-mo, you have this tool that'll let you pull off cool chain of tricks in a short period of time. The short length of the game does not undercut it's value. It is a through and through high-energy, high-octane, adrenaline filled shooter. Playing it with Mouse and Keyboard feels great. In my opinion, M&K replaced the controller for this game.For players who cares about score attack, 1 of the biggest problem the game had was its scoring system. Although they showcase every categories of scores, the game doesn't have enough context for players to know which category contributes into the total scores, or not. You'll have to do some experiment to figure out which action to avoid and which to approach for score gains. But replaying the game for the spectacles is worthwhile."
,Recommended,460810,32064285,Posted: 30 May,all,samDLIVE,"This is an incredibly intense and excellent action game from platinum games, jesus."
,Recommended,460810,32067828,Posted: 30 May,all,flake,gotta go fast meets solid snake meets russian robots.fun
,Recommended,460810,32057443,Posted: 30 May,all,Gatysh,"Mad props to Platinum & Little Stone for bringing ""Rule of Cool: The Game"" to PC. This game absolutely deserved an unlocked framerate and I get 150ish FPS most of the time on all high no AA 1080p144hz on a GTX 1070, and it looks slick. While I don't use AA too often, the lack of MSAA is a curious issue  that should be rectified in a patch. Otherwise, it's a solid port of a game that needed one, as the PS3 version didn't run at a consistent 30FPS.Also, the new weapons exclusive to the PC version (Boost MG, AA Pistol, and the Laser Cannon) are surprisingly useful, and the Laser Cannon has been a mainstay in my loadout."
,Recommended,460810,32071238,Posted: 30 May,all,Sminmorph,My only complaint is that there is simply not anything else quite like this game
76561198039697317,Recommended,460810,32168060,Posted: 3 June,all,Zeeknot,"This is an amazing port of an amazing game that NO ONE should pass up.  It's fun, innovative, and probably the most enjoyable 3rd person shooter you will ever play."
76561198056205589,Recommended,460810,34042112,Posted: 5 August,all,Sumac,"Прошёл Vanquish.Что будет если скрестить Contra, Metal Gear Solid и аркадный шутер? Будет Vanquish. Скоростная, очень динамичная, с отличным геймплеем, отличным дизайном.Графика неплохая. Хотя самый главный ей плюс - это эстетика. Локации сделаны просто шикарно. Местами пападаются размазанные текстуры на задних планах, но это мелочи.Геймплей - отличный. Управление отзывчивое.Битвы с боссами - увлекательны и локации разнообразны и интересны. А главное не длятся долго и не успевают надоесть.В общем, отличнейшая игра, которую я с удовольствием оцениваю на 5 из 5."
76561198237163250,Recommended,460810,31959702,Posted: 25 May,all,Limit Break,"Excellent port, runs butter smooth."
76561198023105909,Recommended,460810,34357346,Posted: 19 August,all,Cerulean,Great port of a great game! Don't let the first 20 minutes fool you - there's a LOT of over-the-top action to go around.
76561197993889592,Recommended,460810,31954913,Posted: 25 May,all,Haseo,"perfect pc port, super fast paced 3rd person shooter, Deffintly a recommend palying it."
,Not Recommended,460810,32003555,Posted: 27 May,all,MANTIAGO SALDONADO,"Invincibility frames are tied to framerate, which means that if you run the game at higher FPS than the console version you will get hit much more and therefore getting yourself killed almost instantly by weapons with high rate of fire (even on lower difficulties).Unless you cap the game framerate to console-like (30-40 FPS?) you won't be able to play the game like it should be, you will have to play it at a Gears of War pace.How the ♥♥♥♥ this bug got past Q&A is beyond me, it's a bummer because besides that the port is almost excellent."
76561198189298515,Recommended,460810,32007440,Posted: 27 May,all,Azermane,"In an alternate timeline where Hillary Clinton is President of the USA, Vladimir Putin is a Cyborg with an amry of Commie Robots. You play as a man who wastes cigarettes almost as much as he wastes ammo.Run around a space station straight out of Elysium and recklessly shoot and explode robots in spectacular fashion with On-The-Fly bullet time, Beautiful Graphics, Fast Paced action and cheesy dialog that makes less sense then the plot which is cobbled together from other concepts you have heard before repeatedly.The game has a good amount of playtime and is by far one of the smoothest combat systems i have seen in years.I cannot recommend this game enough. Great game for a reasonable price.PS The camera can suck sometimes when things get intense."
76561197961511356,Recommended,460810,31963960,Posted: 25 May,all,Sardines In A Can,This was a great game on the PS3 and so far the port seems to run really well.
,Recommended,460810,31963454,Posted: 25 May,all,armando_is_great,"Gotta go fast; no rings though, and Knuckles has a metal arm"
,Recommended,460810,31970076,Posted: 26 May,all,Plastron,One of the best shooters of the last generation. Load times are practically instant with this version.
,Recommended,460810,31959542,Posted: 25 May,all,BORN-TO-DIE,"the fastest, most stylish 3rd person shooter ever made,story is ridiculous and game play is fun as hell, buy this game if you like shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥and having fun!"
,Recommended,460810,31962580,Posted: 25 May,all,ZerofireXS,You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try out this game.
76561198046572592,Recommended,460810,31962508,Posted: 25 May,all,xddante,"Waited 7 years to play this in PC,do i need to say more???"
,Recommended,460810,31963045,Posted: 25 May,all,D.MAIDEN,why the heck I'm getting200+ FPS !!!!????
76561198055406038,Recommended,460810,31962069,Posted: 25 May,all,Kefl,"Vanquish is the reason i wanted I PS3. When I finally got one years later I had forgotten all about this game.It's back, baby. Better than ever.No added thrusters. No spoiler needed."
,Recommended,460810,31995576,Posted: 27 May,all,A Purple Crayon,i just played through the entire game on hard with the fps at around 240 then i found out the enemy damage is tied to frame rate or something along those lines
,Recommended,460810,32047937,Posted: 29 May,all,Alex Nolan ﷲ,"Its better than a trash like the Gears of War, that it clearly takes inspiration from. In GoW you basically take cover, shoot, run to the other cover, randomly meelee an enemy, take another cover and so on. In this game apart from that you have option of being Speedy Gonzales and ♥♥♥♥ some♥♥♥♥♥♥up while gliding around in slow mo.That's basically the only significant difference.There is no story, no backstory, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera control, weak surroundings, good enemy variety, decent gun feedback, decent gun variety - the usual stuff you would expect from the GoW and its clones.If you want a fast paced 3rd person shooter - this game is a nobrainer. If not, but you want skill based action shooter game - wait for sale, pick it up, and try it, if you won't like it - do a refund and buy titanfall 2.Update: I finished a campaign. Can confirm myself now. There is no story. Game starts in the middle of nowhere (Russians attack USA, no explanation on why, no explanation on what those countries look like, what goverments they have etc.), it continues in a course of couple hours, and ends in the middle of nowhere, main protagonist literally has no affect on the course of the story, if there is the story at all."
,Recommended,460810,31961949,Posted: 25 May,all,Adorable Little Murder Machine,GO FAST OR GET DEAD KIDDO
,Recommended,460810,31962248,Posted: 25 May,all,BeeSawd,A damn good 3rd person shooter for a very reasonable price.
,Recommended,460810,31997989,Posted: 27 May,all,Squire Grooktook,There are few joys in this life more pure and righteous than the powerslide.
,Recommended,460810,32051830,Posted: 29 May,all,PhantomPillow,One of the best Third Person Shooters ever made.
,Recommended,460810,34441974,Posted: 23 August,all,TUSHAR451,Shooters don't get much more fun than this
,Recommended,460810,34500020,Posted: 26 August,all,Batmangts,Game runs beautifully and its action packed i wish they still made games like this. Even better if it was co op
,Recommended,460810,34917821,Posted: 13 September,all,ALVARO,worth it
,Recommended,460810,31960807,Posted: 25 May,all,Tales From The Dark Side,"I really like this game and would suggest buying it, it's non stop action with fast progression and the characters are funny, at times I laughed pretty hard, the story flows at the pace of the action which is cool and the boss fights are so exciting.Play the game at 4k cause that's where it shines, game looks amazing, runs smooth and the music fits well.The game reminds me of an old title on game cube called P.N.03 also by Shinji Mikami that has a similar vibe, I loved that game too and hope there will be a sequel."
,Recommended,460810,32009808,Posted: 27 May,all,Dr. Shrugs,As great as ever.
76561198117947865,Recommended,460810,34852624,Posted: 9 September,all,Knyght Mordhaus,It hurts so right.
,Recommended,460810,32400319,Posted: 13 June,all,Gattsuuuu,"Great frantic, fast paced sliding shooterfun"
,Recommended,460810,32012908,Posted: 27 May,all,Hunter,"This game is amazing, I played this game on Xbox 360 years ago and I had to get it once it came out on Steam. I love the fast paced combat and the graphics.Well recommended for those who like fast paced gameplay and futuristic combat."
,Recommended,460810,32522526,Posted: 17 June,all,Crunkles Dunkle,great game period. The only problem is the fps dips alot even with my gtx 1060 it doesn't run at 40 consistently partly because of my horrible processor a i5 quad core 3.0 4400
76561198121474230,Recommended,460810,34872363,Posted: 10 September,all,Jinuaga,"Fun game used to play the demo on 360, so I was happy to get to play this in full. Great action and crazy robot fights"
,Recommended,460810,33470498,Posted: 11 July,all,4thQueen,The cigarette butts distract enemies.Tenouttaten.
,Recommended,460810,33804442,Posted: 26 July,all,shodsi,"Gee, i sure am having a good time trying to get the living legend achievement in which you run through the game without dying. I sure hope a big flying whatever doesn't come down from the sky and end my entire god damn playthrough."
,Recommended,460810,33852458,Posted: 28 July,all,paciVista,"Amazing graphics, as i remember Vanquish is the heaviest game i have ever played, great story and gameplay. It is kinda hard to explain but don't watch the gameplay on YouTube if you want to buy, because it looks and feels different if you played it yourself, ""immerse yourself in the epicness of Vanquish atmosphere"". BUY this game, it is worth it so don't hesitate."
76561198078478145,Recommended,460810,34428307,Posted: 22 August,all,L-CiCi,"like gears, on steroidsport is flawless, the 60 fps is a wonderall about the gameplay, don't expect much of a story"
,Recommended,460810,34816537,Posted: 8 September,all,GameLord,Vanquish is a game feels like Metal Gear Solid: Vengeance. The features of a robotic/human is great combined with the combat style and 3rd party person action/rpg game. Got this game with discount. Go get this game and it's worth the money! Enjoying it and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED while DISCOUNTED.ScoreGraphic: 10/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 8/10Overall Verdict: 8.83Great Job!
76561198006714369,Recommended,460810,32534317,Posted: 18 June,all,Cyber Warrior,"It's Gears of War, but it's japanese, you are Max Payne and you have a rocket stuck up your bottom that goes on and off at your will."
,Recommended,460810,34052636,Posted: 5 August,all,Fenrir007,"An amazing port to an amazing game. Worked great in ultrawide, even (needs command line)."
76561198142599633,Recommended,460810,34309428,Posted: 17 August,all,Etie232,good action game :D story is alright but the sound and visuals and the epic non stop action is where it is with this one :D  10/10 would buttslide again :D
,Recommended,460810,34422742,Posted: 22 August,all,Judith Cringeworthy,"Pros- Great Gameplay-Addicing-Compelling character-Great Character devlopment-Cool Robots-Cool looking foes and guns-Everything!Cons- The basic story is quite diserpointing (stoping a Russian space-station from destroying America) BUT the way it is executed almost makes up for it :)-Story may be a little short for some people (~7 hours)ConclutionVery good game, worthy your money"
76561198030561684,Recommended,460810,34783187,Posted: 6 September,all,Hosenpfeffer Jones,"I hear a few people posting negative reviews over the port quality of this game. I'm not going to act like my setup is representative of everyone else's but I'm pretty sure channels like Digital Foundry and TB have proven that this is indeed a good port and I second that. It runs unlocked on my GSYNC monitor and the game hasn't run into any issues in my almost 5 hours of play time. Just because your specific system is having problems isn't necessarily a problem with the port. It also doesn't mean that the port is bad either, especially if it's something very minor that can probably be easily fixed.Other than that this game is just awesome, more so with a mouse and keyboard. I played this game on my Ps3 a long time ago so it's great to relive the experience with unlocked FPS and better aim controls. The only thing I wish the team who ported this did was add some extra features to the PC version like better textures and effects but that is a minor complaint. As a direct port it runs fantastically.I'd say that if you are into more fast paced games like DOOM then you'll probably love this."
76561198032649576,Recommended,460810,34800841,Posted: 7 September,all,toadragon,Good game.
76561198060679872,Recommended,460810,34906922,Posted: 12 September,all,Glade Pedal,"Great game, with lots of fantastic mechanics. Needs a sequil."
,Recommended,460810,34964090,Posted: 14 September,all,Xion,"I suppose I could sum this up as; ""The Dark Souls of Action 3rd-Person Shooter Score Attack games."" To expand on that would require a rather detailed breakdown of the mechanics.First is the most obvious; it's a TPS. A TPS with a Gears of War cover system that's rather well designed. I have some minor nit-picks with the cover system like how it can feel a little too sticky at first and the jump-out from cover dives a little too far out when I just want to Deus Ex Adam Jensen out of it. Trivial though and easily adapted to.The second being that it's a Score Attack game in that every section polls your stats for an overall score. Another minor nit-pick here is that it doesn't break down how these stats are scored, and just provides you an overall score for them. Trivial though and I eventually stopped paying the scorecards any attention because of it.The third and most important part is that initial ""The Dark Souls of..."" in that one of the key mechanics of the game is the energy meter. This is your skill-check in the game. You either manipulate it as intended, or you will feel underwhelmingly weak and near useless; just like running out of stamina in Dark Souls. This energy meter is your energy for a few seconds of slide-boosting, or few seconds of bullet-time slow-motion for more accurate shooting, or a single powerful melee attack that is different depending on which weapon you're holding, or a few seconds of successive damage taken. For all the afore mentioned, with exception to the melee attack, you can stop the energy drain right before it's completely used to prevent the overheat mechanic. The overheat mechanic is the game's way of saying ""Stop that!"" because it'll last for more than a few seconds, before it allows recharging over another few seconds. If you do stop using energy right before it's all gone it'll almost immediately begin recharging. Melee will however always induce a full overheat status. While under the overheat status a short burst of sustained damage will kill you outright. Until you realise all of these factors regarding the energy system you will feel like it's artificially preventing you from having fun and hamstringing your enjoyment of the action. That however is all the modern freedoms of recent games like Saints Row and Warframe just to name a couple that don't punish taking risks like Dark Souls does. I do wish the energy/overheat system was better explained, because this did taint my intial experience. I was enjoying the game a great deal more after I got used to not over-extending like I was at the begining.Finally I'ld also like to mention the weapon management system. Clever is the only word that really comes to mind here. While also not explained initially you will retain the upgrade tiers of weapons as you leave them behind. You can hold only 3 weapons at a time and there are two grenade types you always have available. Weapon variety is wide and most are tactically viable in most situations.Ultimately this game is well worth buying and playing. While the story is cliched as all get out, the experience is well worth provided you thought that initial description sounded intriguing. Just remember that most modern TPS's have spoiled us with too much freedom and lack of risk, and this demands you check your inhibitions. Not something Platinum Games often does though."
,Recommended,460810,32159191,Posted: 3 June,all,the_grassninja,"Back on PS3 this was a short game with a cheesy, mediocre 90's action movie-esque story, held up by amazing gameplay. The same still holds today, only now at higher framerates and resolutions, and at a reasonable price. If you loved it before, you'll probably love it again. If you missed it before, definitely worth checking out."
76561197967631290,Recommended,460810,32053789,Posted: 29 May,all,Ruane,Rich Evans sent me here.
76561198378845165,Recommended,460810,32089983,Posted: 31 May,all,Crimson Chin,"For those looking for constant high-octane action, this is the game for you. This game revolutionizes 3rd-person shooters with the new modes of combat involving both melee and ranged attacks. Some mechanics are rather difficult to master, but with a few hours into game-play, everything becomes a breeze between shooting, slow-down time, dodging, etc."
76561198035637981,Recommended,460810,32112650,Posted: 1 June,all,Leeroyzen,"HORY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS FUN!!! Like... WHOOOAAAAAImagine your favorite shooter, remove all the boring part, condense all the awesome part, and multiply it by a factor of 10. Vanquish comes close to that, if not for several shortcomings that I'll discuss later.Pros:Adrenaline-fueled solid shooterSolid bullet time mechanicUnique genre, basically a shooter with minor spectacle-fighter game mechanicWonderful use of QTE, not too many, but when it happens, it's WONDERFULB-movie plot, full explosion, less drama. Gaming experience at its most distilled form.ROCKET-STRAPPED-THIGHSZOOOOOOOOMCons:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥short, like 4 to 5 hours shortSadly being so action packed  left vanquish with a somewhat limited duration, although it makes full use of itLackluster meleeUsing most weapon melees will overheat your suit in an instant (except the disc launcher, it uses up ammo instead). Most of the time melee is worthless beside for achievement or maneuvering (overhead kick helps a lot at lining shots).Limited bosses typeSeveral bosses appear about 2 to 3 times with minor variation (e.g. now you fight TWO of them).Limited incentive to try higher difficultiesBeside achievements there's no reward to play higher difficulties. Nope, you won't unlock anything after beating the game on hard or God Hard. Heck, God Hard difficulty doesn't even give any achievement.Highest difficulty is just no funTo put it simply God Hard difficulty removes what makes Vanquish fun to begin with (vastly lowered  BOOST meter), and leaves you with standard cover shooter, albeit a very difficult one because almost everything is an OHKO."
,Recommended,460810,32140296,Posted: 2 June,all,papalazarou,"truly excellent, should be in everyones library"
,Recommended,460810,32061412,Posted: 30 May,all,RAZERKhas,"Good game, recommended!60 FPS @ 4K @ GTX 1080"
,Recommended,460810,32120627,Posted: 1 June,all,NovaCrusade,"In review of this game, its kind of a double edged sword.Personally, I'd say the start of the game feels a lot like the old Gears of War games, which makes sense since this was released originally around the time that those shooters were out as well.I didn't really like the game to start out with, but then it ramped up to be pretty fun once you get about halfway through the game.Speaking of how long the game is, it's sort of short. So $20 is a good price point, especially now with it being a port of the original from a long time ago on PS3.The gunplay is decent, with different weapons to try out and upgrade for stat boosts, mainly being ammo and then damage every fifth upgrade. I just kept with the HMG, AR and Rocket Launcher for the whole game, playing on normal, and it worked out fine.I would say recent Platinum titles such as Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance would be a better game to play, but for $20, this is an alright use of time. There are extra difficulty levels in the game if one would feel the need to play it again at a more challenging level, which can increase total game time investment.I'd rate this game about 7/10. Fast paced, cover based shooting gameplay, with a mix of quick time events and high speed mobility thrown into the mix."
,Recommended,460810,32185968,Posted: 4 June,all,Austindo,This game was crafted by God10/10
,Recommended,460810,32839848,Posted: 26 June,all,First Fragment,"Game was pretty short, but overall good. I would definetly buy another Platinum's remaster."
76561198077711434,Recommended,460810,33017522,Posted: 29 June,all,dantekb43,"Platinum Games at it's finest!!Finally this game was released on the PC, and it's as awesome as it can be!If you L O V E fast-paced games in generalthan you will absolutely enjoy this game!!"
76561198056106029,Recommended,460810,32073223,Posted: 30 May,all,tsunami0ne,This game is GODHARD.
76561197967643114,Recommended,460810,32074151,Posted: 30 May,all,fishnpeas,"Shoot stuff, kill stuff, Vanquish stuff."
,Recommended,460810,32100390,Posted: 31 May,all,gipsymaverick,This is by far one of the best games ever. The elements of bullet time along with the opposite of increase of speed is a good mix to the standard shooter. Thumbs up to both Sega and Platinum Games for bringing it to the PC.
,Recommended,460810,32100618,Posted: 31 May,all,-SNiGS- BakedBam,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING VANQUISH PEW PEW PEW PEW10/10
,Recommended,460810,32119241,Posted: 1 June,all,RAIZO,"Think the love child of Casshern and Gears of War with a little bit of crack thrown into the mix and you have a basic idea of what Vanquish is all about. Its gloriously cheesy, gruff 'man's man' voice overs and the chain-smoking antics of the protagonist in even the most hectic of moments, paired with the stunningly fast paced/frenetic energy of the action sequences throughout make this futuristic shooter one of the best out there, even when compared with other Platinum Games developed games.One of my favorite games/action games of all time back on Xbox 360 was a no-brainer when I saw it was coming to Steam for only $20. Only $20!? ""Hecks yeah"" I said to myhself, ""It's about time I relived the glory that is Vanquish!""Buy it now."
76561198094296853,Recommended,460810,32176708,Posted: 4 June,all,anth,GOOD OLD shooter never droped under 60 fps beat under 6 hours lot of fun :)
76561198031134961,Recommended,460810,32183909,Posted: 4 June,all,OffirYehezkel,russian baldman psycho.
76561198006532867,Recommended,460810,32777203,Posted: 25 June,all,Vinex,You should buy this game.Vanquish is a explosion packed cinematic rail shooter that stands the test of time.The PC port is flawless and I enjoyed every moment.It is not the longest game at about 4 hours but wow what 4 hours they were!Worth the 20 dollars for sure!
,Recommended,460810,32858523,Posted: 27 June,all,kennyoce,Fast pace shooter game!
,Recommended,460810,31976609,Posted: 26 May,all,SwordedGun,Gears of Wars on drugs.But the good kind of drugs.
76561198073696450,Recommended,460810,32126044,Posted: 2 June,all,Sealslammer,"Want to see what a 3rd Person Shooter will look like in the Arcades? Rocket-slide in!7 years after its' PS3 release, Vanquish gets another chance at life at a platform where it should've been: the PC. And boy, does it deliver. This game's unique gameplay is overshadowed by the lack of advertising and low sales during the PS3 era, which I hope isn't repeated this year with the release of the PC port. This is one of the most in-your-face ""Spectacle Shooter""(credits to whoever coined this in the forums) that encourages you to be more out in the open and less behind cover.In fact, calling this game a cover shooter will not be doing this title justice.At first you'll be playing this like Gears of War or Mass Effect, going from cover to cover and safely shooting from cover taking potshots at enemy robots, and occasionally going up against a few suckers with a melee attack. Which is the intention of the developers to ease in newcomers of the game. 1st phase.But sooner rather than later, you'll realise that playing this like a cover shooter isn't the best way to play Vanquish, at all. Eventually you'll find yourself using the Augmented Reaction suit's key features, the rocketslide and bullet-time, to slide around the battlefield at breakneck speed, and slow down time to take out 3 or more robo-russians before the suit's limiter overheats. Once that happens, cover is the only time it's really needed. 2nd Phase.As you finished the game in less than 10 hours, you'll discover that even though you're done... You're really not done. Provided if you're one of those types, you feel like there's something missing, like what if you can shoot a fast-falling grenade you've thrown by slowing down time? And doing a flash kick while you're at it? Or discover that you can shoot or reload faster by quickly switching weapons? Will cancelling rocketsliding with a dodge make you go faster than you ever did? Finding a bot's hitbox blind spot that doesn't overheat your suit with a melee? OR feel the need to play the game faster while mastering the unique mechanics of the game, while upping the difficulty? You play again. 3rd and final phase.And still, it doesn't end there, even though you played through the story of the game. Depth, replayability and gameplay mechanics is such a huge thing for this game, you really don't care about how short the game is or how generic the plot is. Speaking of which...Set in a fictional future, a Russian terrorist with an army of robots fries San Francisco with a big freaking laser from space. A Hillary Clinton-lookalike US President declares war and sends a generic bunch of Starship Troopers, who are the most Space Marines of Space Marines, after them. Leading them is a very large and very gruff Steve Blum, the biggest robot-armed Space Marine of them all. Joining them is a human cigarette factory called Sam Gideon, a special agent who wears what is actually the REAL star and main character of the game, the ARS suit.That's basically the plot.I whole-heartily recommend this game to anyone looking for something different in a cover-based 3rd person shooter, no matter the game length or story. Even if it's 7 years old, it's still ahead of its' time.EDIT: Ok, I have change my stance for cover for a bit. Not only you need cover to recover from overheating, but also to have some breathing space when the action gets out of control. Still though, you need to be out there and shooting more than being in cover. The game plays better that way."
76561198044610689,Recommended,460810,32064202,Posted: 30 May,all,Player,Good old memory
76561198136963328,Recommended,460810,32078172,Posted: 30 May,all,jfobes,Pros:-Fast paced action-Solid performance-Challengeing boss fights-Decent looking graphicsCons:-Short campign/ little replayablity-Generic story/ charactersFor a more detalied review:https://jfobesvideos.wordpress.com/2017/05/30/vanquish-review/
,Recommended,460810,32156191,Posted: 3 June,all,R3L0AD,The satisfaction of killing everything and staying alive in god mode is more rewarding then any other game ive played. doesnt help that ive been on this games nutsack since its ps3 xbox360 release. so thank you platinum games this is easily my favorite game.
,Recommended,460810,32172122,Posted: 4 June,all,Tacere Mors,I played this to death on XBOX 360. Looking forward to playing it on Steam. It is a lot of fun fun fun - great for a quick session. a simple run and gun game with awesome slide mechanics. Great soundtrack and sound effects. Overall game is quite short but due to the variety of weapons plenty of replayability. Hopefully PC Graphic will make it even more fun.
,Recommended,460810,32188220,Posted: 4 June,all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"In a few words, 16 gigs of pure awesomeness.I preordered this game, and was really exited when it came out, as soon as I launched it, the great graphics and awesome interface drew me in straight away.Pros-Fast, fun actionGreat storylineCool charactersGood tutorial systemEnough challenge to keep you on your toes.easy enough for people with less shooter experienceCons-Experienced some clipping through walls, but other than that I have none.Overall, Vanquish is a great game, and worth the buy."
76561198049937681,Recommended,460810,32214364,Posted: 5 June,all,ｐａｌｔｒｙ,I can't believe I've never heard of this game. It's a gem.Just buy it.
76561198033756446,Recommended,460810,32792060,Posted: 25 June,all,Swaggestofthewagons (nova),"If you're looking for a fast-paced, action-packed third person shooter with B-movie levels of dialogue, Vanquish is your game. It borrows some of my favorite mechanics and styles from other games (Gears of War, Halo, Metal Gear Solid, etc) and puts a crazy Japanese spin on all of it.If you want a game with a ton of replay value, this isn't for you, however."
76561198116552528,Recommended,460810,32834943,Posted: 26 June,all,BucketHead,"Great game, the ports works just fine."
,Recommended,460810,35403012,Posted: 1 October,all,bencx,Jetstream sam was not dead. He be came the dude in this game. I ♥♥♥♥ing knew it
76561198063663213,Recommended,460810,32955252,Posted: 28 June,all,Firesteel,"Easily one of Platinum's best original games, Vanquish's movement system alone makes it worth playing. Don't be fooled into playing it like Gears of War or another cover based shooter, Vanquish is as much about dodging fire as it is about shooting. Everything's fluid and the on demand bullet time creates a great ebb and flow to moving around.Yeah it's short but similar to Bayonetta, it's extremely replayable and built as much around score attack as its silly, irreverent story though skipable cutscenes and walking sections would be welcome."
,Recommended,460810,31972126,Posted: 26 May,all,LeapMaster,"The story is borderline nonsensical, the dialogue is cheesy and hokey, and the campaign's a bit short, but hot damn does it pack in some fine shooting. Game has a ridiculous skill ceiling and tons of replayability, but if you've played Platinum games before then this shouldn't surprise you. One of the most mechanically impressive single-player shooters to this day, and way ahead of its time.Also runs like a dream, though I'd hope so considering its age. Well polished, stable, and no bugs/glitches in my playthrough. Great port and well worth the asking price."
76561198010795656,Recommended,460810,32153723,Posted: 3 June,all,Ｈ Ｕ Ｎ Ｇ Ｒ Ｙ？,"Last week my daughter came home from school and said, ""Look daddy, I found this at school!"" She handed me a small obsidian talisman with hot pink, glowing runes engraved on its surface.""I want you to have it cause it's pretty!"" she said, her eyes glowing even brighter than its myserious etchings. What a sweet girl, I thought. Her mother's kind heart lives on in her. If only she was still here to see it.The longer I held my new beloved glyph in my hand, the warmer I could feel my hands becoming. Blackness began to flow through my veins, and overtook my hands, giving them the appearance of severe frostbite. Still in shock, I held the stone a bit longer before the lightless ink hardened into a solid formation of my veins, like pouring molten lead into an ant colony. Finally I realized the gravity of the situation and dropped the cursed gift without looking where it was going. It landed right on my Escape key and broke it.Thankfully my luck has turned around! Vanquish accomidates players like me perfectly. While I may be unable to pause the game, taking cover makes you nearly invincible, meaning I can simply press E and make lunch for my little sweetheart. It's funny, really... she hates all of her mother's favorite foods, and yet I still can't shake the feeling that sheISher mother, reborn like a phoenix. They say one is born from the ashes of the old, and the metaphor was completed once my beloved (God rest her soul) made the decision to dye her pubic hair from ashy black to fiery red shortly after the birth of our child. Or perhaps it was just blood...Her ♥♥♥♥♥♥l injury healed quite quickly though, much like Sam, the main character of Vanquish, does as well. You got greedy and decided to peek out of cover for more than 3 seconds? You get to enter bullet time and snag a free headshot or 20. But be careful, as this strategy carries the risk of having to hide behind cover for 10 seconds afterwards, completely unharmed. Thankfully the developers decided to have mercy on the player, and added the EMP grenade, which stuns all enemies in a 1 mile radius for approximately 9 years. My daughter's birthday is coming up soon, and if I had thrown an EMP grenade on the day of her birth, the enemies would be able to fight back already. Man, time flies when you're a single dad, I tell ya! I'm not even sure what to get her this year... she's always so indecisive, wanting a toy one year and thinking it's the lamest thing ever the next. Kids, right?Vanquish manages to perfectly encapsulate the fickle essence of a child in its weapon balancing, too! When playing at first, you might notice that there are three main automatic weapons. The first is the Assault Rifle, just a solid all-around weapon. The next is the Heavy Machine Gun, which has slightly higher damage per bullet, but compensates by having a much lower rate of fire, incredibly short bullet fall-off range, lower ammo capacity, and worse accuracy than my daughter'smanyattempts at peeing while standing up. You're not a boy, honey. Please stop...Oh, and there's a third machine gun too. Everyone forgets about that one though, cause nobody wants to stow away the Assault Rifle long enough to figure out what the hell it actually does.I know what you're thinking: 'Whiskey at 10am?' Yes. But I know what else you're thinking: 'Does this game add any cool sci-fi weapons? I keep hearing about all these normie guns and I'm starting to fall asleep cause I have the attention span of your daughter.' Well worry you not, insufferable little goblin. Vanquish adds new and interesting weapons like the LFE Launcher! It's like the other weapons you can get, but.... but worse! And that one pistol thing that's objectively better than the sniper rifle! And the disk launcher thing, which throws plates like my father used to do after realizing that Mom bought lamb despite our money problems. And while my father's temper damaged our family irreparably, the good news is that the disk launcher can't damage a thing! It's actually a completely worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I know what you're thinking: 'Referring to your own father as an ""it?""' Yes.Now if you're the type to hoard ammo because you grew up poor and always decided that it's best to save resources until the ""right time"" because you never know if you'll get to eat tomorrow, Vanquish has a solution for you. Introducing the Laser Cannon! It's got the damage of the assault rifle with the accuracy and range of the sniper rifle and only drains your stamina meter instead of ammo. It's about as balanced as a diet of rat♥♥♥♥♥♥and cocoa puffs. Sometimes it's nice to have some extra power, though...I gaze again at the talisman. ""Do you remember your grandfather?"" it asks me.""No, not really..."" I reply. ""He wasn't dead when I was a kid, but he was never part of my life.""""Then surely you agree that such individuals hold no value to a child.""I wait for the glyph to elaborate, not wanting to commit to an answer before I'm sure of its intentions. ""Consume me, and our bodies shall become one. Your eyes shall glow with the power of a god, your skin shall harden to unbreakable steel, and the man you hate more than anyone else shall turn to stone.""""I... I accept."" It was hard to get the sentence out through the lump in my throat. A warmness filled my stomach not unlike the sweet kiss of brandy, and I lay my head back in quiet ecstasy. Soon, this life will be over. Soon, my daughter will return and know her own father as a God.I hear her approach from the kitchen. 'Act natural,' I think.""Dad...?""""Yes dear?""""W-why do you look like a statue? Are... are you okay?""...Dad?"""
,Recommended,460810,31955104,Posted: 25 May,all,user,"Everything is as advertised + ""unsupported"" but official FOV and ultrawide options in the forums.- MOUSE ACCELERATION but I did not initially notice it, personally.  There still needs to be an option to turn it off regardless.Just wish I were still as good at the game as I was in 2010."
,Recommended,460810,31986791,Posted: 26 May,all,The Helicopter Guy,"Cant finish the game because a guy is stuck in a loop saying:""HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!HERE!""This isnt the only spot ive been stuck on, multiple missions have had issues with the ai not opening a door or getting stuck. 10/10 looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on 4k - IGNbut still that suit is sweet."
,Recommended,460810,31976275,Posted: 26 May,all,Kayahdi,The game is fun as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,460810,32014520,Posted: 28 May,all,Black,"Unlocked framerate 144hz, controller support, good graphical options.  This is how you make a port!  100% worth a buy."
,Recommended,460810,32013493,Posted: 28 May,all,sate,rocket kneeslide m8rocket ♥♥♥♥ing kneeslidethis is like a weeaboo gears of war it's so good
,Recommended,460810,32162445,Posted: 3 June,all,Blast My Chai,YesPerfectWhen's Max Anarchy?
,Recommended,460810,31964653,Posted: 25 May,all,IoriBestGirl #CRAWLING,"San Francisco gets nuked at the start of the game, what more do you want?! Go buy this already!"
,Recommended,460810,31988718,Posted: 26 May,all,Dragnum Dropus,Its pretty dank.
76561198070646373,Recommended,460810,32077514,Posted: 30 May,all,Maglo,A perfect 11/10.
,Recommended,460810,32067214,Posted: 30 May,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions reviewVanquish is a game developed by PlatinumGames and published by SEGA. Originally released on PS3 and XBOX 360, it has now been faithfully ported to PC and massive props to Little Stone Studios for making a fantastic console port to PCVanquish is definitely cheesy. Vanquish is very ""B-Movie"" like. Vanquish questions the lines between corporations and militaries while allowing players to punch gigantic robotic dinosaurs in the spine until they explodeVanquish does NOT take itself seriously, and you shouldn't either. The story is serviceable and even fun at times, but it really only exists as a vehicle to carry you through well-designed levels of mayhemThe controls are tight, PC optimization is incredible! Spend the hour or two it takes the game to get going and you'll be skating around industrial complexes and shooting rockets at robotic jellyfish in no timeVanquish is a fast paced shooter influenced by Gears of War while still breaking enough rules to be its own. It's sad how few games have gone on to be influenced by VanquishThe biggest problem for me is that, while the cutsene audio is great, the in-game audio is very poorly mixed and pretty quiet. This means that I have to keep turning the volume up/down when it switches between gameplay and videoThose complaints asside, I'm really glad that SEGA and PlatinumGames finally brought this game to PC and hope they keep bringing classics that are otherwise chained to their aging consolesRECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,460810,32136811,Posted: 2 June,all,Ruffneck86,This game is hella cute and stuff. Mucho grande♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 12 out of 10 muy el cuto.
,Recommended,460810,32053167,Posted: 29 May,all,TheFlyingPenguin,Slide everywhere anytime
,Recommended,460810,32075226,Posted: 30 May,all,☭,very fun 8 hour arcadey slip n slide shooter
,Recommended,460810,32148870,Posted: 3 June,all,deathsips,"if you've ever wondered what would happen if Platinum made a third person cover-based shooter and thought, ""that sounds crazy, i'd play it,"" you need to get this game."
,Recommended,460810,35101770,Posted: 21 September,all,Jehuty,real♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460810,31989263,Posted: 26 May,all,Statick,"Great game, loved it on consoles, love it even more on PC."
,Recommended,460810,31966100,Posted: 25 May,all,AvJ.Vanquish,2.7 hrs already I can tell i'm going to enjoy this game..
76561198104694820,Recommended,460810,31992572,Posted: 27 May,all,GroovieSmoothie,The next person to start♥♥♥♥♥♥with my precious son Sam is gonna get boostkicked into next week!
76561198016663830,Recommended,460810,31972670,Posted: 26 May,all,ZombieArm101,"Truly the ultimate form of Vanquish , 4k 60fps effortlessly!GTX1080 I7 4790K 16gb ram"
76561198041832832,Recommended,460810,31970571,Posted: 26 May,all,Reawer,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460810,31963482,Posted: 25 May,all,Eric,THANK YOU !!This is such a good game. About time it got to the PC.
76561198013744419,Recommended,460810,31963634,Posted: 25 May,all,Sgt. Shooter Person,"Amazing port, game kicks ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ keep brining the classics to pc."
,Recommended,460810,31980415,Posted: 26 May,all,Glorious Wabunga,it's perfect
76561198043522334,Recommended,460810,32271944,Posted: 8 June,all,Tops,"Quite possibly THE BEST 3rd person shooter I have ever played. When it was heavely roumerd that it was coming to PC I thought I would get sick from how fast the game would play at 60fps,but that wasn't the case. To be honest though I can't make up my mind wether or not I like Binary Domain more or less than this game. If you have the money buy both."
76561198126238003,Recommended,460810,32329637,Posted: 10 June,all,axl1936,Great game.
76561198007986133,Recommended,460810,32305855,Posted: 9 June,all,Kaiser Wilhelm II,"3 minutes of game-play, 5 minute cut-scenes. Jesus christ, it's a game not a movie.It's not just the cut-scenes there's 'mission briefings' where it tries to tell you what you're supposed to do in the next section, which is always either 'kill all the bad guys' or 'walk across this room'. These parts will slow your character down and are unskippable.Recommended because the gameplay IS fun, the butt sliding, shooting and upgrading weapons are all nice. Just be prepared to have it broken up... allot.Honestly, you'd be better off waiting until it's half price before picking it up."
,Recommended,460810,32030053,Posted: 28 May,all,NeoGeoMVS,loved it on 360 and the same goes for pc and even more now since it looks so much better at higher resolutions and higher refresh rates. worth every penny!
76561198021744805,Recommended,460810,32624396,Posted: 21 June,all,Ragno rosso,Smoking simulation 2017!!!
,Recommended,460810,31959594,Posted: 25 May,all,donald42,"Another great game from Platinum. Runs 100+ FPS on max in 1440p with a 1070.It's a bargain for £15, buy it right away!"
76561198374482510,Recommended,460810,32266222,Posted: 8 June,all,Trax,Alyways liked SEGA An Robots An Guns. :D
,Recommended,460810,32280035,Posted: 8 June,all,actionBastard64,Very fun
76561198012825154,Recommended,460810,31962609,Posted: 25 May,all,Joe†,Buy the game.
76561197997529945,Recommended,460810,31985283,Posted: 26 May,all,Serious Sofa,"ADDENDUM: The FPS/higher damage glitch has been fixed. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ man.------------------------Got this game for 5$ on 360 years and years ago. Then several years later I got a PS3 copy for 5$. Fast forward a few years and I've given the same game another 20$ to play it on my PC. I own this game on every platform it's existed on.That takes a certain level of quality, and Vanquish definitely meets that as one big diamond in the rough.I say this as someone who failed to ever conciously recognize the game's existence- when Vanquish came out, it got universally panned because the advertisements focused on the plot, and yeah, that was a big mistake. So let me set the record straight.PROS:- The best cover based shooter you're ever gonna play because you're too busy scooting around to use it.- Great sci-fi soundtrack. I've got the Bogey Battle theme on my Ipod.- I think Vanquish set the bar for quality enemy design. Every enemy in Vanquish has multiple behaviors that can be influenced by the variety of ways you attack or otherwise dismember them, and they never stop being valid threats. The lowly Gorgi will still turn you inside out if you get meleed by him, or a wounded one goes suicide bomber on you. They all have unique roles in combat and demand a certain level of adaptability from the player to deal with them. Couple this with their unique appearences and personalities, I think these guys end up being just as, if not even more important than the game's rocket thrusters for game longetivity.- A superb port job on this Platinum title sharply contrasts the shakey start the Nier Automata PC launch had. This game has a fully unlocked FPS and refresh rates. I've played this game many times on consoles, and this readily outshines their performance.- They added new weapons to the game! Having played it many times before, this was a pleasant surprise and opened up some new options for combat styles. They're a little bit rarer drops than the other weapons however, so be sure to respect your ammo count.- While they're not actually both voiced by Steve Blum, the two protagonists both sound like they're voiced by Steve Blum with slightly different gruff voices. It's adorable.- It's fast, aggressive action that seldom ever stops.CONS:- As of May 26th, there is a very bizzare glitch where the increased framerate causes you to take a much higher amount of damage than normal. I honestly didn't notice for awhile, having previously played the game on harder difficulties, but even veterans are gonna start feeling this glitch in the last several acts, and it'll be far more punishing to new players. If you're a newbie to Vanquish, it might not hurt to wait until this gets patched before you buy.-The Sniper Rifle is dumb and getting it in a weapons box always feels like a little kick to the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not sure what the hell a sniper rifle is doing in a game where you're perpetually rocketing around and doing wheelies on robot faces, but it's there. It's so lame that the devs felt the need to crowbar in a single sequence where you MUST use the sniper rifle in a wannabe stealth segment that slows down the whole pace of the game. It's kinda like when your mom invites that one mouthbreather over to your birthday party and makes you hang out with him for 5 minutes instead of your best friends so he doesn't feel left out.- And of course, well, the big one. The story.Space Putin blows up L.A with a space laser in a bizzarely disturbing sequence that might be the only reason the game is rated M, sans the occasional F bomb getting launched by Steve GrumpyPants Blum. President Not-Hillary-Clinton (topical, amirite?) launches the space soldiers into space to storm the death laser satellite that also doubles as a city for a bunch of space Russians that don't exist and you gotta stop Space Putin from blowing up New York. There's the entire plot, sans a very goofy plot twist that gets only funnier in light of recent events.Ultimately the plot really doesn't matter as it's just an excuse for a variety of action set pieces, but at the time of the game's release, Vanquish was near universally panned because the advertisements focused on the story and everyone thought the game looked dumb as hell. They aren't entirely wrong in a sense- the Vanquish story is ripped right from that one notebook you had in middle school where you wrote stories for games/movies/comics you wanted to make, and you thought tossing in profanity and lots of wannabe tough guy quips after you watched a bunch of Schwarzenneger movies would make it super cool.Don't get me wrong, I think it's actually pretty charming in a schlock B-movie sort of way, and the game lets you skip all cutscenes so you can skip them and get right to shooting if it irks you. But it's very much an objective flaw, as it initially sank the game's chances of making it's money back. But that's just dumb people's fault for thinking every game has to be Bioshock or the Last of Us.You're here because you want to strap rockets to your feet, vault kick a Decepticon 10 feet into the air, go slo-mo and kill it in mid-air before you land.You came to the right place. Totally worth the 20$. Let's give Vanquish the warm reception it never got 7 years ago."
,Recommended,460810,31970931,Posted: 26 May,all,Mello[✖_✖],"The must play Third Person Shooting genre, it run's really smooth..."
,Recommended,460810,32458514,Posted: 15 June,all,SonnieSlim1,"A gem from my old 360 days. Vanquish is the first game I ever played from Platinum Games and made me a big fan of theirs even to this day, was so looking forward to Scalebound :(.  I was very excited to hear that Vanquish was coming to Steam. I just finished it and it is even better than I remember!Pros!- Framerate & Resolution!  Running around 100-120 FPS at 1440p on Ultra setting on my rig. Beautiful game and a smooth run throughout the entire game-Action!  Just about nonstop action throughout. Slow-mo ability with the suit lets you zip around with your boosters and then destroy enemies with ease!- Length - It isn't crazy  long by any means but it has a good length. I believe I beat it in about 7-8 hours. There are trials you unlock and new difficulties to test your skill against that will give you several more hours worth of fun.- Audio!  Guns sound really awesome, each one is distinct, enemies, bullet and bomb hits, all sound really great.Overall gameplay is just amazing. You have a boost slide and dodge roll mechanics that go into a dead eye slow-mo kind of ability. This lets you quickly take out several enemies who are pretty much stuck in place and feels great! Otherwise the game has your basic cover based shooting mechanics which work really well. You don't feel hindered by the controls with a keyboard or a controller. Boss fights are epic and they are usually HUGE!Cons- Difficulty  - I am still new to playing shooters on PC so chalk it up to scrubbiness. I don't remember dying so much on the 360 version. I heard there was a glitch causing you to take more damage at higher framerates which has been promptly fixed so perhaps this was the case for me as well.- First Person Parts -  The game does drag sometimes during these first person parts with just some story and talking. Not really sure what purpose they are serving, perhaps loading the next part of the level. I felt like they broke the flow of the game and the fast pace nature of the combat.- Menus - They are all controlled with keyboard or controller. I would have preferred to be able to use my mouse to select options and such.- Melee -  Really the only terrible part of the combat. Melee is fairly weak and you only get 1 melee attack and it uses all of your suits energy leaving you vulnerable to attack. It does provide some cool moments where you slide kick into a slomo however.These are all pretty minor gripes though. The price is great, the game is amazing from beginning to end. Definetely pick this baby up. Hopefully Platninum does a sequel someday. :)"
76561198058043953,Recommended,460810,32039700,Posted: 29 May,all,kandnm115709,I had fun playing this back when it first released but was disappointed with the overall plot and characters. The ending also sucked since the end boss weren't exactly end boss material.Only reason why I even bothered to buy it again is because I wanted SEGA to continue releasing their older games on PC.
76561197968503804,Recommended,460810,32038023,Posted: 29 May,all,DuckMilk,"Very solid port of an already classic game.Runs very well on medium PCs, but also looks fantastic at higher resolutions, especially some of the textures that were muddied on the console versions. The controls work perfectly fine on PC and KB + Mouse, very snappy and responsive especially if you can hit the 60fps goal. Japanese voice acting is included, so you can choose the overly dramatic and exagerrated English acting, or the more serious Japanese acting.The only downside is the framerate affecting the damage you take and the videos taking up 14 odd gig of the download.More ports like this SEGA, Virtua Fighter 5 is begging for a solid PC release.Edit - > There is a public beta patch that fixes the frame rate damage. Enter ""PatchBetaTest"" in the beta window password box to access it."
,Recommended,460810,32041982,Posted: 29 May,all,brian_brigden,"Not exactly sure why it's taken so long to arrive on PC, but well worth the wait regardless and it's aged surprisingly well. Relentless action that puts the likes of Gears of War to shame. Highly recommended for anyone that likes a fast paced, non stop shooter."
,Recommended,460810,32038798,Posted: 29 May,all,Plankus Spankus,"I like to compare Vanquish to those awesome water park slides but imagine if the slides made you go at rocket speeds, slow down time, shoot awesome guns, chain smoke and gave you a raspy voice.Game is pretty fire, pick it up!"
,Recommended,460810,31978129,Posted: 26 May,all,Tom Kazansky,"my first time playing this game,gotta play this in hard difficult.the game ran flawlessly.though, just a little hiccup: if somehow the game progress is ""bugged"", just reload the checkpoint and it's all good again."
,Recommended,460810,31977871,Posted: 26 May,all,K.o.K,"runs smooth but it's a 7 yrs old game , awesome gameplay ... etcthe SSAO effect is terribly bad"
,Recommended,460810,31997643,Posted: 27 May,all,Dad Trust in me.,game of the year 2000.
,Recommended,460810,31988551,Posted: 26 May,all,DemoManowar,"Unlimited framerate also unlimited damage taken and Sam dies to a stiff breeze.The game gives you enough ways to avoid damage for it to be more of an incentive to go fast than anything else.If that isn't a testament to how solid the gameplay is, I don't know what is."
,Recommended,460810,31997215,Posted: 27 May,all,DieselE,"Great game, can easily get high graphic requirements. Good job."
76561198121555596,Recommended,460810,31997003,Posted: 27 May,all,ANTMO,"Loved it on consol, there are a few bugs like some cutscenes not triggering or the frame-rate linked super fast you die bug.  But other than that 9/10"
76561198198093051,Recommended,460810,31963022,Posted: 25 May,all,Marshall Lee,Spoilers.It's ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,460810,31955333,Posted: 25 May,all,Pierson,Great port.
,Recommended,460810,32140771,Posted: 2 June,all,00DumbDumb,"I've only played for about 2 hours so I can't speak about any other iterations. The first mission was more or less straightforward, assuming you listened to the NPC (I did not). After that the second mission had sniper rifles all around. Seems obvious right? I thought so until the squad started dying. switched to trying to heal and ended up getting wrecked. However I can see how someone skilled with assault and shotgun could tear through this place. At that point I quit, but I knew I would come back, From the Menu to the NPCs to the play style, I can already see this as an Arcade game I'd keep coming back to.Do I expect it to consume my time: NahDo I expect to enjoy the ride: hell ya."
76561198023850704,Recommended,460810,32132932,Posted: 2 June,all,Vagrant,"The ultimate third-person shooter, still unbeaten after 7 years.And now that it's on PC in its definitive form, it'll remain so for a much longer time still. Perhaps until the day Vanquish 2 becomes reality."
76561198035022403,Recommended,460810,32142988,Posted: 2 June,all,RJ_Turnip,"Super fun game, yo."
,Recommended,460810,32145309,Posted: 2 June,all,Orio Milkshake,"A shorty but a goody.Story isn't great and neither is the sound design, but everything else is amazing."
76561198119346585,Recommended,460810,32211027,Posted: 5 June,all,PrelvisEsley,"Slide... Oh... oh ... ooooohhhhhhh, s l o w  m o t i o n... pew pew pew. This game is really fast paced. I thought it was somewhat  boring until I searched ""Vanquish advanced techniques"" into Youtube. There is alot that lies beneath the surface, boost dodging, kick hopping, reload skipping. If you are into fast paced action games play Vanquish"
,Recommended,460810,32215259,Posted: 6 June,all,fineous,"If you like frenetic firefights this game is for you.  Non-stop action with lasers and bullets flying all around.  Lots of different weapons to try and master with different strengths and weaknesses.  Nothing beats diving around a corner, engaging the bullet time slow-motion mode and popping the bad guys.  There's lots of mini-bosses and big bosses that challenge you to find their weak points.  Great third-person shooter."
,Recommended,460810,32181392,Posted: 4 June,all,"Muskrai, just Muskrai","dont mind my hours buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuutif anything, you gotta love this game, arcade styled, but fun. you play as a man in a super rollerskate suit shooting robots and russians while smoking, to top it off, you got a lt colenel who gives you that whole family thing and cares for youi originally played this on 360, as much as i loved it, never got past that one mission with the argus because i simply didn't know howi figured it out on pc and figured out my life is a lie. and it is still a long story to get through"
76561198084642122,Recommended,460810,32184528,Posted: 4 June,all,SolidGEE,Im having a blast with this game. i played a demo of it years ago on ps3 and always wanted to play the full game. now thats its on pc its even better than ever. highley recomend this game to who ever likes fast paced shooters.
76561198073985891,Recommended,460810,32201494,Posted: 5 June,all,Audron,Vanquish...its just an amazing fast paced game.Not the easiest one but definitely the most fun!
,Recommended,460810,32209359,Posted: 5 June,all,LJ906,It's like Metal Gear Rising had a baby with Gears Of War.It's really fun.
76561198122335506,Recommended,460810,32057709,Posted: 30 May,all,Chillboy,"Vanquish is superb. Must buy for anyone who likes action games. Game mechanics work pretty good, butt sliding through maps and super slomo shooting the baddies is some serious fun! Like how the weapons collecting works, simple but effective. Weapons have colors, so you see your purple sniper rifle or your green rocket launcher from far away to go grab it. Story is good enough for me, main character is a smoking and swearing badass. Lots of explosions, blowing up giant ships and robots. good stuff!! 10/10. My fav. 3rd person shooter (even better than gears of war believe me!)"
,Recommended,460810,32149113,Posted: 3 June,all,Harpotos,"Great port and great game.Don't go into it expecting an engaging story, that's reserved for the gameplay.Worth the price."
,Recommended,460810,32149522,Posted: 3 June,all,Crowbites,"I personally love pretty much every game made by Platinum studios. When this came out I played the demo but wasn't able to actually buy it. I thought it seemed pretty good.Years later I'd say, yeah it's pretty good, but it's probably the worst game Platinum's ever made. Environments all look the same, the story and characters are completely throwaway and the gameplay is a bit repetitive (Although the story is basically future Hillary trying to collaborate with cyber-putin which is hilarious). It doesn't really have the crazy encounters with a wide variety of enemies like most of their other games haveGiven all that though, it's stilll entertaining enough for the price. Even so I'd wait for it to go on sale, and even then if you don't have anything else to play. I'm recommending it because I can't say that it's actually bad and there's no ""meh"" option."
76561198084131407,Recommended,460810,32151100,Posted: 3 June,all,Fruit In a Can,"Vanquish is the greatest third-person, fast-paced, action-packed game of all time. This game is so amazing, i can't get over it. I finished the game twice on the PS3 when it first came out in 2010, and finished it a third time now on PC.The gameplay is fantastic. The main character can perform all kinds of acrobatics, and there are always a ton of options on how to take down the enemy.The visuals are stunning. Amazing scenery, level, and character design. I can't stop looking at the amazing animations while in combat. Observing the insane detail put into the protagonist's movement, it's just fantastic.I had no problem with the port. No glitches, or significant framerate loss. Ir runs very smooth.Sliding, jumping, vaulting, and flipping around in slow-motion while shooting robots! Playing this game is an absolute must."
76561197980233064,Recommended,460810,32186173,Posted: 4 June,all,Block!,"This is one of the best cover based shooters every made when it was first release. Now it is even better on PC! Tight controls, great level design and fast amazing combat. The game will always having you push the limits of your suit in order to fight at peak performance. You will be rocket sliding from cover to cover, and slowing down time to take out enemies while managing your suits heat to not leave your self exposed. This is a amazing game from one of my favorite developers Platinium. Everyone who likes 3rd person shoots need to play this game!"
76561198067716659,Recommended,460810,32186952,Posted: 4 June,all,landrinlong,"I really enjoyed this game, very fast paced, easy to learn, and just enough cheese.  Hopefully there will be a follow up game.  It was worth the money I payed for it."
76561198058157293,Recommended,460810,32193279,Posted: 4 June,all,Fishywtf,"Hard mode was crazy fun. Then you get God mode lol... The game was extremely good, I enjoyed it, very unique. I do not see how you would be able to beat this game with a controller if you're playing on hard mode. Game was meant to be played on PC for sure. The credit screen was cool too! Waiting for Vanquish 2!"
,Recommended,460810,32197744,Posted: 5 June,all,Ryssen,It's a fun game. Wished it had a better scoring system so I'd be more interested in replaying missions.
76561198072016257,Recommended,460810,32205885,Posted: 5 June,all,disol1712,Port is great. Game is great. Really badass TPS from PS3 visits PC and shows the real way it's meant to be played.
76561198019100196,Recommended,460810,32901422,Posted: 27 June,all,Grahun00,this game is somting that waiting for so long
,Recommended,460810,32960379,Posted: 28 June,all,nemrod,"It's an incredibly flawed game, and it never quite seems to live up to its promise, but it's fun nonetheless. Don't go in expecting a character-action TPS with occasional cover shooting mechanics. Instead, go in expecting the opposite: A cover based TPS with occasional character-action moments. Which is a tad disappointing, but still ends up being fun."
,Recommended,460810,32098252,Posted: 31 May,all,Neon,"This game makes a lot more sense once you realize it is secretly a Sonic game.Let's review:- Primary mechanic of the game centered around going fast- Ridiculous story and writing- Main antagonist is a bald Eastern European man with an army of robots at his command- Main character's name starts with ""S""This game is trying really hard to be Metal Gear Rising or Devil May Cry. It doesn't quite get there' but it's nice ride as long as you don't take it too seriously."
,Recommended,460810,34767424,Posted: 5 September,all,CptQuinn,Metal Gear Rising with guns. Very fast-paced and so much action it makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard. Get this game while its on sale.
76561198066997834,Recommended,460810,32031162,Posted: 28 May,all,Betty,"It feels like this game has been made for PC. Controls are fast and tight with mouse and keyboard and it's port that is not locked at 60 fps, allowing 144hz and 240hz monitors to shine."
,Recommended,460810,32036972,Posted: 29 May,all,TrueWOPR,"Good but SHORTHeads up, this is one of the most fun games I've ever played, it takes a simple machanic and cranks it up to rediculous levels of fun.  Beat the whole thing through in a week I was that hooked.Unfortunately it's a bit short, my first playthrough clocked in at about 3½ hours.  It wasn't especially hard either (on normal) as I never managed to die.  I do however now have a new ""God Hard"" difficulty to try out, as well as hidden objects to hunt (won't be doing that though), AND new challenge missions.The ending feels a bit rushed (two bosses in a row?  when you only really had 4 notable bosses out of 8 in all?!)  Heavily sets up for a sequel that I worry won't come.  Story is kind of background fog, feels like the outtakes for Metal Gear Rising Revengeance were shoved over here as we still have the good old ""War will stimulate the economy!"" vs ""War is bad!"" narrative.I should also note there are 11 different weapons *each with their own melee attack type as well* and two types of grenades.  I focused on the Sniper Rifle/Assault Rifle/Shotgun in my first runthrough.might try LMG/Rocket Launcher/Disk Launcher next run-through.  The weapon leveling system is a bit annoying though.  Fire one round off and picking up another gun of the same time will refill your ammo instead of leveling it up as normal.  (there is a workaround for this, equip the fully loaded one, then upgrade it with the spent one.  But still, feels it lacks polish) and maybe I'm just 'bad' or something, but I never got any use out of the frag-grenades.  EMPs were where it was at.  Also rarely (if ever) used the cigarettes as no enemies would trace them.All in all though, despite my complaints, it's an amazing game, given the price and time I spent with it, I asked myself ""Was this more fun than going down to the local theater and watching a double-feature?""And the answer was ""Definiately, at least Vanquish will buy me dinner after playing with it instead of demanding I pay $20 for popcorn and soda."""
,Recommended,460810,32038401,Posted: 29 May,all,Berserk,"Great game, and one of my favorite 3rd person shooters."
76561198295838756,Recommended,460810,32036867,Posted: 29 May,all,Bane Ghass,"This game is fukn awesome, I would even say the best shooter I have ever played. The story was entertaining, the combat was extremely fast-paced and never got stale or felt repetetive to me, you can slide accross a large area in seconds, all the guns were unique, powerful, and provided you with different melee attacks, it has a unique and very simple system of acquiring new weapons and upgrading them, the characters are always talking with eachother while you play which keeps me immersed, you are almost always fighting alongside other npc marines, the controls are tight and the gameplay is simple and easy to pick up, you get to go to a variety of stunningly detailed areas, your armor is badass, the boss fights are intense, the game just kept progressing and you never had to go to screen to select the next mission or anything they just successively start, the game is about 5 hours long which I think is great for $20. I really have no complaints about this game at all, I loved all of it and I definitely found it to be an incredible and memorable experience. I would give it a solid 10/10, I am glad I pre-ordered."
,Recommended,460810,31978433,Posted: 26 May,all,Brutakas,"Whiskey a go-go, baby."
,Recommended,460810,31977880,Posted: 26 May,all,Wotamin,"You get to protect Uncle Sam from the evil Russian in this game , cant recommend enough ."
,Recommended,460810,31998613,Posted: 27 May,all,"DR POMPADOUR, ELEPHANT",Game is good
76561198013766706,Recommended,460810,32057531,Posted: 30 May,all,HeyRevolver,Rich Evans called this the best third-person shooter he has ever played. What else do you need to know?
,Recommended,460810,32144796,Posted: 2 June,all,MR.MAGIC,"A hidden gem from platinum games !10/10 love the CGI effects , visual arts and gameplay style !excellent pc port !"
,Recommended,460810,32801208,Posted: 25 June,all,Saint Brion,awesome gameplay. you wont be disspointed
,Recommended,460810,32786922,Posted: 25 June,all,Der Silberäugige Tyrann,Best speed game ever <3 ~
,Recommended,460810,34762610,Posted: 5 September,all,Anna Christina Valentine,Fantastic shooter. Period.
76561198065936730,Recommended,460810,32390000,Posted: 13 June,all,Private_McArthur,"I had a doubt if this game was really worth the money, so i downloaded a pirated version to see :less than 5 minutes into gameplay and i was unable to proceed ...Uninstalled it, bought it on credit card, waited for approval, then waited more 3+ hours to download it again !That's how much respect i had for this piece of art !!!I'm a PC gamer and never gonna buy any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t console, but boy ! Those japs know how to make some exclusives for playstation !!!Anxiously waiting for Vanquish 2 !!!"
,Recommended,460810,31974833,Posted: 26 May,all,telopots,"if this was a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it would be the hardest, biggest, whitest♥♥♥♥♥♥aroundit's a juvenile celebration of masculinitydiiicks"
,Recommended,460810,32116928,Posted: 1 June,all,KiRiTo,Is a very so much alot best game
76561198051435638,Recommended,460810,32015298,Posted: 28 May,all,Jabba the Cunt,I like dis
,Recommended,460810,32017309,Posted: 28 May,all,NShooter,"OK, Bayonetta 3 for PC is a Vague Hope but don't pour Cold Rain on Vanquish 2, give us a Ray of Light at E3, SEGA and PlatinumGames..."
,Recommended,460810,31990754,Posted: 27 May,all,Xenomorph,"This game has been a real treat and I'm so glad we have gotten a port onto Steam nearly 7 years later. Optimized very well for PC, graphics are smooth and look great, just an amazing package! At $20, this is an absolute steal. Doesn't even seen like an older game. If you're a fan of games by Platinum Games or just looking to try something fast paced and exciting, give this a try!Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,460810,32988424,Posted: 29 June,all,xXSnakExX,ITS SO FAST ITS SOOO GOOODDD
,Recommended,460810,31960767,Posted: 25 May,all,Paradise Decay,"GTX 1060 (6GB) Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWWiQSob1B4My Thoughts:I'm Re-living the dream and with the new PC port options this game doesn't feel like it's aged one bit. ALSO playing it with mouse and keyboard is like a breath of fresh air..... you can keep your gamepads. This is the one PC game everyone should own!Game Details:PlatinumGames’ revolutionary sci-fi action shooter slide-boosts onto PC. Battle legions of future-tech enemies using a vast arsenal of weapons, including all DLC. Fully unlocked framerate and gorgeous HD resolutions up to 4K. The definitive way to play: war has accelerated."
,Not Recommended,460810,32207485,Posted: 5 June,all,Awpteamoose,"Maybe I'd have a different opinion if I played this on console where it came out, but I played it blind just now and tbh it looks like I'm halfway through and I'm totally bored with it.Yes, it's not a typical cover shooter, the game gives you tools to go out of cover and if you idle in cover for a bit enemies start swarming you specifically, but it's still mostly a cover shooter. You zip to the next bit of cover in the enemy flank, aim and shoot, repeat.Technically it doesn't look dated, but the narrative, sound design and the overall aesthetic are uninspired at best and bland at worst. Which I wouldn't mind if the gameplay was interesting, but it's point and click until bad red guys go away with little development or variation."
,Recommended,460810,34181927,Posted: 11 August,all,Hush,A great dude-bro shooter.
,Recommended,460810,33662486,Posted: 19 July,all,Bladed Star,SPOILER:Hillary Clinton commits suicide and Russia prevails.
76561198022658933,Recommended,460810,34721042,Posted: 3 September,all,Gamingman,"3rd person repetitive shoother nothing special about this game, don't get what's all the fandom about this i guess just nostalgia. I will just give it a positive to support sega releasing games on pc but it's just a mediocre game.Platinum makes great games this isn't one of them go buy bayonetta that's amazing."
,Recommended,460810,34765745,Posted: 5 September,all,madbrahmin,ROCKET SLIDE!!
76561198354416282,Not Recommended,460810,34834143,Posted: 9 September,all,OZcomingFRoo,"The mechanics of the game may seem amazing.However, its not as fast pace like Doom is (or even as the new Gears of War).Sure you can slide all around in levels until you pressed one melee attack to drain you're boosters away.its even more annoying that you can't active time slower with a single button.Not to mention the game actives time slower when you're health is low, which forces to drain your bossters also.I have enough IQ to get my♥♥♥♥♥out of combat with the slide boosters rather than use time slower.Atleast I'll get to refund this and buy the DLC for Nier Automata"
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,460810,34862284,Posted: 10 September,all,Psymon²,Starts off fun and exciting but slowly grows tiresome and ends incoherently.
76561198050159745,Not Recommended,460810,34862252,Posted: 10 September,all,Rockopolis,"I really want to like this. The story is the kind of batshit killer insanity that appeals to me, ""Hillary Clinton sends Jetstream Sam to take out cyborg Vladimir Putin."", but it's just so clunky it's not actually fun to play.Plus the graphics are PS2 level, which really detracts from this genre. You're playing to watch pretty explosions, after all."
,Not Recommended,460810,32018365,Posted: 28 May,all,3key,"It's just boring and repetative. I would recommend if it was £5, not £15!"
76561198043651708,Not Recommended,460810,31980449,Posted: 26 May,all,The Hollow Knight,"Although the game itself is awesome i literally can not play it because it stops responding on launch. I've done everything i could, updated my drivers, validated the files, redownloading it etc. The only thing is i could not find anyone with the same issues or at least someone who had the same results as ı did. After i updated my drivers game was working perfectly and after i quit and came back 3 hours later it wasn't working again. So ı would only recommend this game if the problem is fixed or if the people have come up with something that genuinely works."
76561198025989991,Recommended,460810,31955109,Posted: 25 May,all,Methionylalanyl( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),how do i quickscope?
,Not Recommended,460810,34894236,Posted: 11 September,all,kubisnax,"I really don't see why this game is so highly regarded. The story is short and ends pretty anticlimactically. The gameplay is pretty fun and the mechanics are fine. Overall, the game is just underwhelming and gets kind of repetitive. Also be prepared to do everything, the marines don't do anything."
76561198006782422,Not Recommended,460810,32381839,Posted: 12 June,all,Farmores,"It was mediocre at best to me. The slideing mechanic is a cool idea. The combat was to much like other games felt very bland. The graphic quality was ok to good but not beautifull or super memorable.  The worst part is the cut scenes were they forse you to walk while person talks to you, it got anoying quick.  Its very very short games with not alot in it i was board for most of it but pushed my way through it since i paid for it."
,Not Recommended,460810,33235843,Posted: 4 July,all,Krombopulos Michael,"It is fun to play. But too many cut scenes, like you walk from one end of the hallway to the other and then there is a cut scene, then you shoot some guys and then cut scene, then you walk to another room and then guess what? ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING CUT SCENE!!!"
76561198090666334,Not Recommended,460810,32094011,Posted: 31 May,all,s0laris,"Pros:-Nice combat (but gets repetitive fast)-Nice weapon selection-SceneryCons:-20 Euro for 6 hours campaign-Graphix are dated (i got no problems with the environment, but the face of the main protagonist looks like early 2000s)-Horribly bland storyline-Horrible charactersIf the nostalgia is strong with you, you will like it, but as a PC gamer who have seen MUCH better games from the era, i cannot recommend this."
,Recommended,460810,31955480,Posted: 25 May,all,FaZzy,If Halo and Gears had a love baby.
,Not Recommended,460810,32000081,Posted: 27 May,all,Doge,"Damage taken is double when playing at 60fps or more, is DarkSouls2 weapon durability all over again.Edit: The problem has been parched by developer."
76561198142715139,Not Recommended,460810,33045704,Posted: 30 June,all,The Great Hank,"Having previously played Metal Gear Rising, I have to say that I find this game worse than that game. I kinda liked the story of Metal Gear Rising, but the story in this one is just utterly uninteresting. I also find the majority of the cast unlikeable.Gameplay also has its issues. Framerate related bugs aside, the suit energy mechanic is annoying at times. Rolling around shooting bots in slow motion is quite fun, but suit energy is so limited and recharges too slow in my opinion. When your health is low, AR (the slow motion mode) is enabled automatically, so you can attack the enemy that just nearly killed you, or you can slide away to hide behind cover. However, you can't turn off AR mode once you are in cover, instead it keeps going until your suit overheats, and you have to wait in cover until you have enough suit energy to do something.In terms of graphics, the entire thing looks like a grey junkyard, not very appealing to look at. Due to the way cutscenes are encoded (they are just movie files) you can expect a lot of stutter when they are played back. So on your particular pc the gameplay can run at 90 fps or something like that, but the cutscenes drop to 15 fps at times.Too bad I couldn't refund this thing, so now I'm stuck with it."
76561198257981068,Not Recommended,460810,34809467,Posted: 8 September,all,andrewmcshane97,Its ok but you should buy it cheap not worth 15.99 i paid.
,Recommended,460810,31954371,Posted: 25 May,all,Firestw152,Nut.
,Recommended,460810,34673102,Posted: 1 September,all,guro,yeah it's pretty good
76561198071445330,Not Recommended,460810,32024325,Posted: 28 May,all,Gorba,"Art & style: Really good, feels like gundam meets Zone of The endersGameplay: Satisfying, sliding about and using different weapons is cool. No skills to unlock or any other progress that impacts on it though.Story & Characters: Terrible, feels like they were trying to make a Hideo Kojima parody, yet failed by not putting enough jokes or making the characters self aware it's meant to be a joke.Recommend? Meeeeeeh, finished it 8 hours and won't play again, so wait until big discounts!"
76561197991981121,Not Recommended,460810,33951717,Posted: 1 August,all,crumpetsatdawn,Bizarrely overrated excursion into uncharacterisitcally humourless territory by Platinum. Unlikeable grey macho-men scud around dull and repetitive grey environments blasting a handful of identical grey robots for half a dozen hours of tedious grey action. Underperformed at launch and hasn't aged well. Don't believe the rose-tinted hype. This game is grey.
,Not Recommended,460810,32259125,Posted: 7 June,all,abcq2,"The porting is fairly weak, with slightly awkward camera controls, unnecessary auto-aiming, and too many actions that take the camera away from you (such as exiting a vehicle, which spins the camera around 180 degrees and locks it for about a second). The cooldown on the dash is pretty slow, so you spend a lot of time waiting to use it.This game has plenty of Contextually-Pressing-Your-Face-Into-a-Chest-Height-Wall-while-Waiting action, if that's your thing."
76561198110086151,Not Recommended,460810,32194046,Posted: 5 June,all,Exulted,"Crappy port, can't use my ps4 controller in big picture mode, and can't even use my keyboard and mouse because I cant move the camera it keeps trying to go straight up and not let me move it. Was looking forward to it, but this is just unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,460810,32206778,Posted: 5 June,all,PW,"No. Just no.This game is being called a hidden gem. Trust me, it's not. 5/10 at best. Sure, the gameplay works. But :- The ""story"" is laughably bad, and virtualy non-existent.- The characters are stereotypical beyond imagination. SUPER edgy and dark, constantly. Think Solid Snake x 100- The voice acting is atrocious most of the time.- The guns... wow, just wow. The guns simply all feel the same. And when a rocket launcher feels like a light machine gun, you f'ed up.I was tired of this game after 1.5 hours. And I still beat it, becuase I hoped it would redeem itself. It never did."
,Not Recommended,460810,32027068,Posted: 28 May,all,Big Pha,"Can't play the game, it seems like the game think that I have a controller connected and give me all tips control for a controller, and when I press my mouse or any button the tips blink and I can see for a fraction of second a control tip for keyboard mouse.I ca't aim with my mouse, I mean nothing is moving when I move my mouse =SI am no recomanding this game until I can play it, sorry"
76561198064480010,Not Recommended,460810,32345485,Posted: 11 June,all,Tom Renegade,I made a video review in case you want a little more context.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kAHlQWg_M0&t=2sI hope it helps!
,Not Recommended,460810,33067141,Posted: 30 June,all,nosgoth01,The only reason I'm not recomending this game is cheap shots. Enemies are huge bullet sponges but you can be killed instantly by some enemies and the best part is you get punished in the final score for dying. It also has the typical Platinumgames awful stupid story with annoying unlikable characters.
,Not Recommended,460810,32013838,Posted: 28 May,all,Drexlel,"The story seemed interesting, but it just wasn't mechanically fun to play. Felt like the larger enemies were just giant bullet sponges that killed the pace of combat."
,Not Recommended,460810,33759146,Posted: 23 July,all,JAG88,"The game is completely unplayable... I am running this on a brand new Razer gaming laptop with a standard Windows 10 installation (fully updated). The game will not let me save any data including the game settings. I get ""Failed to create save data"". I've set it to run as administrator, and added exclusions to my anti virus... but the game still cannot save any data. I have looked online and several people have mentioned the same bug going back months and months and no one has bothered to patch it yet. I feel completely ripped off... If I cannot save my game how the hell am I going to play it?"
76561198069468755,Not Recommended,460810,31965047,Posted: 25 May,all,StatusWEW,"I adjusted the graphics settings, 4k 60fps with vsync disabled. No problem, 60 fps. However, my mouse controls are totally unresponsive. I have to hold down the right mouse button in order to have any control over where I can look. The control I have over pointing is limited, extremely jerking and twitchy, moving incremently in small jumps at a time. Unplayable. There is clearly a problem with how the game is taking mouse input for me."
76561198296463360,Not Recommended,460810,32145353,Posted: 2 June,all,koreangod1337,"overall a good game. however, for the price its currently at, 20$ US, its not really worth it. the graphics are ok at best, and there are visual glitches somewhat frequently. it doesnt look or feel like a polished game, more like an alpha"
,Not Recommended,460810,32185581,Posted: 4 June,all,Tsujigiri,"This is not a story driven TPS as advertised but is in reality a shoot them up in the shoes of a third person shooter.As a shoot them up its worse then something like Thunderforce 4.As a third person shooter it is worse then Oni or Nier or even Gunspike.Like in any shoot them up you have to learn patterns by heart and repeat them, that the heart of the gameplay of Vanquish, do the same thing again and again and again, optimise the score.But in a decent shoot them up you have fun weapon to experiment with, here nothing like that, you just have regular tactical weapons and one autoguided crossbow that used once and never picked again so useless it was. No fun in weapons, just the weapons required by the gamplay. Well there is still a lazer weapon that sucks suite power, usefull for distant cleanup but it takes a lot of time, not what you want in a fast paced game, looks like a weapon added to counter the ammo problem i speak of later on.If you don't give a damn about score then there is no point playing this game.There is no coop, no versus, no teamplay even with the bots.The avatar cannot jump or cross any imperfection on the ground, you can only jump over a cover or specialy designed transition waypoints via a specific animation.So there is very few vertical movement freedom and don't even try to do like a bot that jump over a pole that lie on the ground, you can't, you have to turn around any small rock or props on the ground.The verticality problem is at it's peak at the last boss fight where two ennemys have flying suit where the player is riveted to the ground doing barrel rolls to dodge bullets and unable to even see where the ennemy's are. That part is quite catastrophic in term of game design.Speaking of barrel rolls, note that in Vanquish barrel rolls are life, this is the only working dodge technic and nearly falsafe. When in fights at the end of the game i was just constantly barrel rolling and doing slow-motion shotting (with a final charged kick) when my suit energy had charged up.If i get killed while barrel rolling it is usually because the camera (which is otherwise free) is fixed to the direction of the roll and even direction keys responds extremely badly while doing rolls, so there is no way to see what is happening around the avatar.Usually i run in a rocket that already blown ahead and the crap smoke blending slows horribly the game and the screen get occluded by undreds of layers of blended billboard and usually being stuck like a duck then means death.The quick time events are very critical as if you fail them you die, some boss fight wont come to the next phase if you fail a QTE.Never put a QTE in an action game, moreover if they use only the primary bound key and ignore the secondary binding ... people press that asked button and die and get angry.(in fact the QTE ignore any defined key binding and just just uses hard coded keys, when your keyboard is not english it gets very fun)Dont put an grenade icon on a dynamite contextual action ... people throw grenades on grenade icons and waste their ammo.Dont put a contextual cover button that barely work ... and to get out of cover people have to use the barrel roll button to gtfo of cover because the cover button lags out. Being a fast paced game and locking people on cover is wrong (maybe fast action and cover are not to be mixed in the same game).The principle of forcing people to keep the same gun to get firepower could have been smart but the game action is too fast in order to find the right and scarce weapon ammo ... most of the time people are left without any ammo on the whole battlefield (which is usually extremely small).Don't put one single melee attack that have 10 seconds cooldown (and kills the sliding power), in other games people can use at least 3 melee attacks in a row and run out.People expect to have some control on the perks of their avatar ... i've not seen any way to customise anything in several hours.In fact you character never ever evolves or get any skill other than what you get from the start throughout the entire game.The keyboard/mouse key binding says that backspace saves settings, it forgets to say that unless all keys are perfectly set the settings are not saved.Usually in japanese games the boss are deadly and random mobs are fillers, in this game the random mobs are deadlyer than the boss i've seen, usually boss are only hard because theres not enought ammo.This game could have been great but most people don't give a crap about online scoring and whose got the biggest ... just make the game enjoyable and assume you lack of content intead of forcing pointless scoring replay value on peole, each scoring screen get people out of the action (maybe fast action and perpetual scoreboard are not meant to be mixed in the same game).Having made this game a non stop fast action and mindblowing cutscenes would have been better then a sequence of sliced and evaluated micro arenas.I had tested a demo (on PS3 i believe) which ran crap, this PC version runs much better and the visuals are mostly decent ... thouh when the blue girl is shown in her computer room the frame rates falls to the ground, looks like these cut scenes are abusing of blending operations.Ah and i forgot one hillarous thing, if people want to play with their mouse, they have to disconnect any joystick they might have connected, otherwise they move their mouse and the game aim does not move.I would like to point out too that there is huge problems with the weapon side, you don't have control on what side your weapon is (can be right or left depending on what the game detects the best) and in boss fights it gets very annoying when your weapon is on the opposite side of the ennemy and you have to struggle with cover system to toggle weapon side.At the end of the game you played 5 hours and feel like the story just began and sadly the game already ends.One thing i found great was that most of the time some sounds tells the palyers what is happening out of his field of view, usually it helps dodging incoming one shot lazers.It's the same kind of sound conditionning i had when i played Eternal Sonata and was doing counters only based on the chimes triggered by ennemy attacks.Beware though that the audio positionnal is not very good and in the last fights it does not help much to determine where exactly are the ennemy flying suits."
,Not Recommended,460810,32160588,Posted: 3 June,all,One X,"Mediocre at best. The core gameplay is incredibly repetitive with no variety. You run and gun for the whole game with barely anything thrown into the mix besides even more boring cart rides. Aside from the typical shooting and dodging the game has some really pointless mechanics like tossing a cigarette to distract enemies, which barely works, and melee combat, which puts you at risk more than anything else. The upgrade system here is the most obnoxious thing ever - you need to pick the same weapon you want to upgrade WHEN THAT WEAPON HAS FULL AMMO. The plot is almost non existent, which isn't really a concern for this type of fast action game, if 90% of the game size weren't bloody pointless cutscenes and the ending wasn’t so abrupt. Platinum are known for their great boss battles, but this game has few of the bosses and even those are ""shoot till they're dead"" type of thing. The balance is incredibly wonky - you can sustain a decent amount of bullet damage or die in one melee hit from a basic enemy, some weapons are a must have and some are garbage. The music is a background noise, not worth mentioning. Pc port has it's issues - the framerate for this kind of dated graphics is unacceptable, the HUD is not scaled properly in 1080p and higher, shadows look horrible. The game also has non-switchable mouse acceleration. Different sensitivity for different aiming methods is another dumb thing - one for the normal view, one while aiming and another for zoomed weapons. This wouldn't be a problem if every sensitivity setting was the same, which isn't the case.Overall a mediocre shooter with repetitive gameplay and bad graphics."
,Not Recommended,460810,32316933,Posted: 10 June,all,Nab,"Simple third person shooter which is thankfully very short.Since the game was rated well here I was waiting for it to get interesting but instead got the Angel Attack of credit rolls.I was constantly reminded of Gears of War, though I don't know why. There is a cover and fire system but it isn't anything groundbreaking. The levels are Fifty Shades of Grey since you are walking around on an old-school space station and this isn't Talos I. Besides the few bosses (which are chaotic the first time, fun the second time and already boring when they are recycled later) you kill hordes of red russian robots that I can't tell apart.Go ahead and play it if you love repetetive levels, repetetive fights and repetetive enemies. At least you won't have to suffer for long. You still might regret it since the characters and story are any combination of stupid, unbelievable, fanserving and shallow you can imagine."
76561197993972207,Not Recommended,460810,32330740,Posted: 10 June,all,autism powers,repetitive and boring
,Not Recommended,460810,32038711,Posted: 29 May,all,Danh,"This game doesn' work on win 10. It keeps stopping working even I upadated and reinstalled a lot of times. Black screen, no sound, etc. Anyone help!?"
,Not Recommended,460810,31988480,Posted: 26 May,all,Plague Injected,Doesn't work.
76561198204864635,Not Recommended,460810,32047234,Posted: 29 May,all,Neverfai1,"The gameplay isn't fun, and the game hates you for having frames"
76561197987303040,Not Recommended,460810,32492319,Posted: 16 June,all,Luis,"This game was really fun back in 2010, but now it's just ""old"". Both storyline and gameplay are pitiful. May be worth it's price on a sale."
76561198035504520,Not Recommended,460810,32098611,Posted: 31 May,all,magickhands2,"Very dated game that cost more ($20) than the length of play is worth. I have 51 hours because I left my computer running while I was away from home for almost two days. Actual game time is probably more like 5 hours. Sad Marine Corps. humor that has been done before in so many ways. Combat action was fun but got repetative. Few weapons to choose from, and no mods available to make them more interesting. Would recommend for $5-$10 if you want something pretty repetative. Otherwise, look elsewhere."
76561197970056800,Not Recommended,460810,32051215,Posted: 29 May,all,Fozzy,"I dont get why this game is getting good reviews.The levels are linear with no room for variation, and no way to explore. One box you can jump over..and then the exact same model box...you cant...?The game play is clunky, the game ""flow"" is clunky.There are way too many cut scenes, and every single one is way to long.Its more like watching a movie...with some really crappy acting...Third person shooter...and no jumping?"
,Not Recommended,460810,34766232,Posted: 5 September,all,JerechoNC,"whats vanquish like?youll play through it once and never again probably, and a hard mode isnt even available till you beat it once, so if you think its too easy as i did you wont be able to up the anteits semi entertaining but wont blow your mind by any meansits a little like warframe, but not as entertaining. the story is literally as if a japanese company said ""lets make a halo ripoff"" and did that, but ended up with a semi decent game.i wouldnt reccomend it, its a one-and-done type of gameand when i say its like a halo ripoff it seriously is, its got scarabs and banshees and warthogs etc, even a bunch of the weapons are the sameexcept the main character isnt as cool as chief and the ""cortana"" isnt as cool eitherand the enemy protagonist is pretty lameso yeah, overall not the greatest game ever made. not horrible, but nowadays its not worth buying while there are so many other great games out there that blow vanquish out of the water at the same price."
76561198014071418,Not Recommended,460810,32433809,Posted: 15 June,all,MattyG,"Another bland Gears of War wannabe from Sega, playing this was giving me PTSD flash backs of playing Binary Domain on the Xbox 360."
76561197972276575,Not Recommended,460810,32018465,Posted: 28 May,all,marclev,"Don't see what all the fuss is about, it's just a generic cover shooter. The only ""innovations"" are a bullet time mode and sliding mechanic.It's also more interested in showing you exciting cut scenes than actually letting you play it, which I find frustrating."
,Not Recommended,460810,32032853,Posted: 28 May,all,Ulysses,"It isn't nearly as good as I was hoping and expecting. The combat is meh at best. The actual audio itself is simply pitiful. The guns sound like automatic pellet guns. The graphics definitely didn't get the treatment they deserved, the game hasn't aged well AT ALL. The gameplay just isn't good. And since this is an action game that leaves nothing except a mediocore story and boring characters.Would not recommend!"
76561197988817117,Not Recommended,460810,31961545,Posted: 25 May,all,bertpigeon,"I can't find anything wrong with it mechanically. Game runs great, nice visuals, well designed control system (well except for the quick time which on the first boss was telling me to make a circle with D on the keyboard, at least thats what it looked like...) and the game is fast paced and stylish.Problem is it got boring, really really fast. Just too repetitive for me. In additions the movement feels locked in, its very much a third person game and feels like your lacking a huge amount of untapped freedom, I mean you have a jet pack and you can't jump! (sorry I play Titanfall 2 so I'm used to huge amounts of movement freedom so yeah there some bias here).Well regardless, I would recommend this to be played by anyone who's played it before, likes shooting endless waves of badguys, doesn't mind repetitive gameplay and maybe is a fan of this style of game. For me I've refunded. I never played the original and obviously read up and from what I read it sounded awesome. I mean it was awesome for the first 10 minutes then it was just more of the same.Shame really as I was looking forward to it all week. Ah well, I suppose its some cash in my steam wallet for something else...But seriously, if you can get past the repetition and love this style of game I bet it's one of the best made.Dammit I just feel sad now I can't enjoy it."
76561198087540527,Not Recommended,460810,31993222,Posted: 27 May,all,killzonevic,More damage @60fps just shouldnt happen with  minimum quality control.Now lets see if the refund button works...
,Not Recommended,460810,34675612,Posted: 1 September,all,KillSwitch,"This is *my* opinion, take it with a grin of salt.So, I bought this against my better judgement, since I don't usually like Japanese titles, because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews and because I love scifi games but sadly can't find enough good ones in the genre.Graphics are fine - story cheesy af but whatever - and combat also seemed just fine during training. However, once I started playing it quickly became incredibly boring. What I can liken the experience to is playing an arcade shooter. One of those old ones. NOT what I was expecting and definitely NOT something I enjoy."
,Not Recommended,460810,34780959,Posted: 6 September,all,OptionThirteen,"The game has issues with a mouse if it thinks you have a controller plugged in. It might be  a great game, but it appears to be another poor PC port."
76561197971095061,Not Recommended,460810,35033893,Posted: 17 September,all,DefectiveByDesign,"Console game with console story and console gameplay. Not as good as Metal Gear Revengeance.Basic PLOT:Putin ""hacks"" the US electionsHillary Clinton says you are with us or you are with the terrorists, and we invade Russia because they supposedly have computer hacks of mass destruction.I only played through the beginning of the game, but the story was god awful and felt like it was deliberately trying to spin a political narrative, because the bad Russian guy looks like Putin, and the ""good"" US political leader looks like Hillary Clinton, who is just as cringeworthy as the real Clinton.Gameplay isn't outright bad, but extremely subpar for a PC game, including clunky movement and shooting mechanics. This game is MEANT for a controller, and it shows. Metal Gear Revengeance is superior in every aspect.I honestly don't think this game is getting positve reviews because it is good, but because the people upvoting it like the Clinton vs Putin story and aren't admitting that's the real reason why they like it. Since I haven't played it very long, I probably am going to look into getting a refund, because I bought this game under false advertisement. It's not worth the money, even on sale. I'd only recommend buying it at $5.Edit: Haha, I read about the ending on wikipedia and while that is funny, the game still is subpar for a PC game and not worth the money. I hated the story in Spec Ops too, because it was designed to make you feel bad, but at least the gameplay was enjoyable. This game just isn't that fun, and there are better alternatives."
,Not Recommended,460810,31962727,Posted: 25 May,all,hoboman,"UPDATE: there is an issue tied to frame rate where enemies do much more damage than normal. It seems that might be why I was having so many problems with the game. More info on that here:http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1380816Vanquish seems like a great idea. Crazy action shooter cyborg man kills a bunch of stuff. I'm in. However, the sliding makes it hard to hit anything and you really just end up reloading during the bullet time instead of shooting. If you try to play it like a cover shooter, it's boring and there's no way (at least that I could find) to blindfire. Gears 1 is a better TPS and it came out years before Vanquish. Then there are the random instakills that come out of nowhere and poor checkpoints that force you to play the same parts over again. I got to the end of Act 1 and decided to stop because I wasn't having fun and it wasn't getting better. There might be some good ideas here but I didn't have much fun with it.The action/story in the cutscenes are great though. Would almost be worth it to just watch everything.A note on the PC version: game runs fantastic and looks remarkably good for its age. They did a great job there."
76561198071508929,Not Recommended,460810,31969819,Posted: 26 May,all,zloyЦvetok,really overrated. was expecting much moreand port isn't that good as everyone says
,Not Recommended,460810,31975386,Posted: 26 May,all,Vermilion Wlad,"Mediocre Third Person Shooter, now with unlocked FPS and the ability to render PS3 textures at 1440p!"
76561198008528733,Not Recommended,460810,32007451,Posted: 27 May,all,Samušo,"Steam, please, never offer me a console game ever again. I'm a PC gamer, pampered by the ability to jump as I like, strafe run and, I cannot stress this fully enough, kill a boss in multiple ways, not just one scripted. Anytime a game makes me do a quicktime event, I get offended -- the game robs me of my freedom for what exactly? That's cheap development -- I get to press quickly an arbitrary key to be shown an ""impressive"" cutscene? I'm not impressed, I'm annoyed.Also, this has frustrating checkpoints and the game gets boring really fast, since the enemies are all the same.Oh, and don't get me started on the character development. The hero is an immature ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that I cannot relate with, and he slides on his♥♥♥♥♥ which for some reason is supposed to be tough as hell. It's riddiculous.The guns suck.I hate this game."
76561198021641163,Not Recommended,460810,34766615,Posted: 5 September,all,Knightfall22,"Terribly cliche, dated, and clunky to play."
,Not Recommended,460810,35180846,Posted: 24 September,all,Mr.Pickles,Such a waste of a potenially good game. Hilary Clinton as President of the USA and the bad guy is a Russian guy thats trying to destroy everything. What a bunch of B.S. propaganda. Keep beating that dead horse that never existed in the first place because it shows the propaganda thats pushed even through video games. f-U-k the devs and especially the story writers. I see what lies and filth you try and pass off. Spotted! Could have been good but does get repetitive anyway. Total thumbs down.
,Recommended,460810,31956128,Posted: 25 May,all,Jimbob,"Everything I expected from the port. Runs smooth, runs fast, and looks great in higher resolution. I'm getting about 60-80fps at max with 4xMSAA at 1440p on an rx 470. Same sick game it always was"
76561198016167472,Recommended,460810,31955795,Posted: 25 May,all,Nudarkzx,"Try to do the Ora Ora Ora Ora move, but enemy yell MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA.10/10 will try again."
76561198000023213,Recommended,460810,31955765,Posted: 25 May,all,Longevity,My god this game is awesome. Finished it on ps3 and now I have it in HD and high framerates on steam. Works perfectly and smooth as butter.Full on action gung-ho testosterone filled rampage through space saving the planet. At this price it is an unbelievable deal.
,Recommended,460810,31956881,Posted: 25 May,all,[USF4] ricky,144 fps and HIGH RESOLUTIONS this game rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,460810,31956423,Posted: 25 May,all,๖ۣۜGrimm,Game's a blast to play and has great optimization!
,Recommended,460810,31957567,Posted: 25 May,all,King Vegeta,AMAZING SEGA
,Recommended,460810,31955829,Posted: 25 May,all,Fiftytoo,"Great port, fantastic game. If you like doing sick tricks with rockets attached to your knees, then this is the game for you."
76561197970850788,Recommended,460810,31956623,Posted: 25 May,all,anevildude,"This game aged amazingly well and now runs smoother than it ever did before, and that's really saying something!"
,Recommended,460810,31958608,Posted: 25 May,all,bwahahahaha,A 3rd person shooter that remains unique years after it was released.And playing it at 60 FPS is awesome.
76561198040665441,Recommended,460810,31958424,Posted: 25 May,all,SomeStupidGuy,"Port job is great, just like Bayonetta it runs perfectly.Not the most polished shooter ever and it doesn’t have a lot of content but it’s still one of the most unique and enjoyable third person shooters on the market."
,Recommended,460810,31959078,Posted: 25 May,all,xDarkSwordx,Very good game its even better than the 360 version i have an old gtx 670 and it run at 60 fps with everything at maximum its really amazing port 👍
,Recommended,460810,31960488,Posted: 25 May,all,ZAM_SJ5,amazing Optimization Highly Recommend great job Sega and PlatinumGames
76561198066879412,Recommended,460810,31960963,Posted: 25 May,all,HeavenPiercer,Buy it to support your local Platinum Games.
76561197990712263,Recommended,460810,31960700,Posted: 25 May,all,NovaProspekt,"I first played it back in 2013 on PS3. It's been 4 years since then, and it's finally on PC, as the definitive version of the game. Sure, it's short, but it's so much fun to play."
,Recommended,460810,31958960,Posted: 25 May,all,Slaaneshi Cacophony,Rocket kneesBuy it
76561198371362848,Recommended,460810,31960064,Posted: 25 May,all,xHSN,Amazing game !
,Recommended,460810,31960296,Posted: 25 May,all,Quadric-,It's one of the best games I've played! I had it on xbox then they didn't release one for xbox one and now 3 days ago I saw that it's on steam for pc! This game looks like a great game for speedrunning and you get so many weapon options.. pistol is op because it goes through armor and at the end it takes 10 shots to kill each boss. Finished it but I will be back and play the challanges and other weapon variations. Graphics 6/10 story.. story? :D
,Recommended,460810,31960174,Posted: 25 May,all,Grizzly,"Oh nothing, just SLIDIN'"
,Recommended,460810,31960159,Posted: 25 May,all,VenomIX,"A fantastic port of a great game. The graphics may be a bit dated by today's standards, but you can crank up the resolution and AA and it runs silky smooth, better than it ever did on consoles. Not to mention that keyboard + mouse work perfectly, coupled with 60+ FPS gameplay, it feels much better, smoother and more precise.The game itself is Gears of War on crack, bringing the trademark Platinum Games flair and craziness into the third-person cover shooter genre. Smoking cigarettes in cover, dodging, mid-air flipping, bullet time shooting, rocket-powered knee-sliding, this game has it all. A bit on the short side, but at this price point, you can't complain.Definitely a must-get for any Platinum fan."
76561197989190838,Recommended,460810,31959162,Posted: 25 May,all,MGX909,Platinum has done it again!! This port of Vanquish is amazing!! plays buttery smooth even on low end hardware. This is the definitive version. Worth every penny!!
,Recommended,460810,31958157,Posted: 25 May,all,Theodorus_F,"Same fast pace, smoother 60 fps, new weapons, bigger resolution, some of the things that makes Vanquish awesome.If you played it in xbox360 or ps3, do get it in pc, you'll know what i'm talking about."
76561198003407382,Recommended,460810,31958162,Posted: 25 May,all,John_Candy45,IT'S A GAME ABOUT A CRAZY MAN IN A BADASS SUIT DOING BADASS♥♥♥♥♥♥INN GLORIOUS 4K AND 60FPSGET IT
76561198040445146,Recommended,460810,31957313,Posted: 25 May,all,kaldausorakle,"Very well done. Everything that is said in the description is true, tons of options for graphics and controller settings, as well as difficulty and many others. Very fun lots of action and tons of fun. Plat. games are always killer and this one is no exception, if you enjoy there style of games you will love this one. If you enjoy 3rd person shooters you will also love this game. It is a wonderfully done port, many many devs should take note for how well this and bayonetta were done for pc if all pc ports were done as skillfully and wonderfully as them consoles would be going the way of the dodo. 9/10"
,Recommended,460810,31965623,Posted: 25 May,all,Huffman Dickings,"Playing Vanquish is like clicking two Lego pieces together over and over. It's the first sip of water after a run. It's finishing a burrito without it falling apart. It's hitting both free throws. It's surprise felatio after a long day.There are few games that truly satisfy. Fewer still, satisfy like Vanquish."
76561198020881462,Recommended,460810,31963512,Posted: 25 May,all,ラーズくん,"Fantastic port of an underplayed gem.Zip around and shoot Russian robots in slow motion, just like you've always wanted to. Vanquish is slick, smooth, and unbelieveably fast, best third person shooter ever. Buy this game."
,Recommended,460810,31963194,Posted: 25 May,all,Zatara,"Vansquish: The fast & the Furious.Been hoping for a Vanquish port for years, & due to the excellent job done with the Bayonetta port, this ended up being the first thing I pre-ordered in years, fortunately with no regrets. Nice to see SEGA got their heads out of their asses, hopefully it stays that way."
,Recommended,460810,31964897,Posted: 25 May,all,Lethalshot66,"I haven't even finished the game yet, but I can tell you that just after 30 minutes, the story is not a reason to buy the game. If you played the game back on the last gen consoles, this game is the exact same thing you already played. The difference is that you can play at a higher resolution with an uncapped frame rate. I have a R9 380 for my graphics card and a i5 4460 for my CPU. Aside from minor dips in fps in the 40's, this game ran at over 60fps on maxed settings at 1080p. Thanks to that the game not only looks fast paced, but feels that way, too. The gameplay feels good, but there are times where it feels like the game cheats you. Such as when you boost towards an enemy and try to melee, but the enemy kills you with a melee during yours. Though it could be that my reflexes suck. All I can say is try the game out for yourself. Since the story is crap from the beginning and doesn't look like it'll get any better, you're essentially paying $20 for a fast paced shooting arena with some cool fighting mechanics. If you've already played this on last gen consoles, the only reason to get this game is for nostalgia. The devs didn't add anything new. In fact if you were to compare the graphics settings, hardly anything changes. The differences in graphical settings is very minor. You could litteraly bump it down to low settings and still enjoy the game at it looks hardly any different with the settings toned down. Here's a link to the video Digital Foundry did on the game showing the differences between the PS3 version and the PC version at 4K:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUYvoKdowJE"
,Recommended,460810,31964928,Posted: 25 May,all,Brambo,An almost perfect port! Only con is some low frames on certain cut scenes.
76561198038453139,Recommended,460810,31965827,Posted: 25 May,all,Attila The Fun,Looking forward to Viewtiful Joe
76561198130529307,Recommended,460810,31978108,Posted: 26 May,all,juanayala275,"I just gotta say this is a gift sent by God to PC gamers!! about time this game made it to the PC!! I'm having a blast!! A lot of action, great graphics all in 60 fps in full HD (No, I dont do 4k), do yourself a favor and get this game now!!"
,Recommended,460810,31957116,Posted: 25 May,all,The Colonel,"Perfect port of one of Platinum's, and Shinji Mikami's, weaker titles. I had really high hopes for this game, and it sort of met them, but also sort of didn't, but that's not to call it a bad game. It's absolutely a really good fast-paced third-person shooter that finds fun ways to infuse the genre with over-the-top platinum flair, and mastering the game's mechanics is great fun, but the one big sticking point is that the usual platinum flair is... kind of muted?The characters are fun, the gameplay is fun, but there's somewhere in the game's presentation where it kind of critically fails to come together in a satisfying way. It doesn't ruin the game at all, but coming in expecting the same kind of excitement you'll get from Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising, or even Resident Evil 4 or God Hand, is a bit of a mistake. It's worth playing, especially with keyboard and mouse making it a lot easier to get the hang of moving and shooting accurately at once, but don't expect a particularly memorable rival character to butt heads with, or an ending that'll make your head spin and then continue to spin it all the way through the credits."
76561197965107231,Recommended,460810,31982516,Posted: 26 May,all,Brick Fight,"For those familiar with the game and Platinum and just want to know if the port's good, then yes it is. There are tons of gameplay, control, graphical, and audio options, the game runs beautifully, and feels even better with M+K controls. The only issue I've run into are some choppy cutscenes after extended play.For those looking for more info on the game, Vanquish is a third person shooter that plays around with the mechanics of both cover-based shooters like Gears of War and faster-paced dodge-and-dash action games. The game doesn't pick a side between the two, instead opting to encourage the player into mixing up between dodging, taking cover, and sprinting. In typical Platinum Games fashion, they give you a set of mechanics to use while giving you lots of different challenges to use those mechanics. It just feels really good and challenging in a satisfying way. There's replay value in streamlining your runs and trying higher difficulties or using different weapons for each run.The second biggest thing going for Vanquish is its spectacle. Battles are generally varied in style and are large and epic in scale. Cutscenes and dialogue like in Metal Gear Rising are well-localized and entertaining to watch in a cornball sort of way.Any problems I have with the game are niggling and easily fixable or ignorable like the cutscene problem I mentioned in the first paragraph. I can definitely recommend this to anybody even slightly interested in buying it."
,Recommended,460810,31980725,Posted: 26 May,all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Shinji Mikami's OTT action-shooter masterpiece, now playable as God intended.  Runs perfectly too - had no framerate issues during gameplay or any kind of crashing or glitching."
76561198079608999,Recommended,460810,31973226,Posted: 26 May,all,GALVATRON_V87,After 7 years this game is still fresh.
76561198043663035,Recommended,460810,31972978,Posted: 26 May,all,Owl,OVERHEATING!
,Recommended,460810,31959298,Posted: 25 May,all,Backdoor Bandit,"The most polished 3d person shooter ever!!! Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥MOMENTS EVERY MINUTEGot this game on ps3 and xbox 360) now in steam with 144 hz refresh rate))))))))))))))))))))))))))))ProsGameplay - 10/10Fast paced , very tactical (depenends on difficulty) Slow motion mechanics with amazing visuals gives adrenaline and ephoria for sureGraphics 8.5  Presentation 10/10Every minute u see so much bullets explosions ( in slowmotion mode), small robot details that u never ever gonna see in any other game))music - oldschool goa trance and acid technoCons- Story - the weakest spot. Standart♥♥♥♥♥♥( russia invade Usa with super technological robots )P. S RUSSIA + ROBOTS = ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T)) Have u ever see how russia lives???? Still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wi-fi and jurriasic cars and roads :D- Short - 6-10 hours depends on diffuculty- voice acting is very ♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall9/10 (MUST BUY)SEGA PLEASE VANQUISH 2 With Multi-Player)))"
,Recommended,460810,31973330,Posted: 26 May,all,Songbearer,"If you're using cover for anything other than reloading and cooling your suit, you're playing the game wrong. Steep learning curve, but when you master the ebb and flow of using your abilities without (unintentionally) overheating your suit, this is a sublime third person shooter that gives you a toolkit to perform amazing combat feats.Looks a little aged and the plot is there to be laughed at and nothing more, but the game runs beautifully and the PC controls are actually incredibly good. Spend some time on learning when to use your abilities and you'll be in for a treat."
,Recommended,460810,31973304,Posted: 26 May,all,WRH,"sometime the cutscene can be really really really ""stutter"" with 60fps!especially when the camera is closing to THE GIRL!!!!!!!!!!hope it could add chinese localization in the future.please!"
,Recommended,460810,31973823,Posted: 26 May,all,Deoxir,"While this game is short even when compared to other Platinum games such as Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising, let alone Nier Automata, this is probably Platinum's best shot at transferring their iconic combat style to a shooter. The dodge and slow-mo can still be performed, and it is just as stylish as any other games from Platinum (maybe except those avatar and transformer games...). The weapons can be upgraded as you go through tons of robot enemies as well, though up to this point I still don't see any obtainable power upgrades for the Exo-suit, or the ARS, Sam is wearing throughout the game.Combat is really fun. In addition to a combat system that works well with both controller and tradional keyboard-and-mouse setup (I personally use a Dualshock 4, it works great btw), and I would say the mechanics that allow the player to shoot someone while gliding with style with a heavy machine gun feels very intuitive. If only more games could do that, gliding with a leg booster is cool af.As a previous-gen game being remastered, Vanquish has phenomenal performance and graphics. I'm running this game at 4K constant 60fps on my GTX1080 and no hiccups whatsoever, so one could tell this not only is another great port from Platinum, but also a great remastered version of the game.Then again, the game is really short, I launched the game after I've had lunch, and I finished it before dinner. However it is well balanced and fun on normal difficulty, and it would provide anyone who loves a challenge with its various difficulty settings. It is well worth its low price tag and definitely worth giving it a go."
76561198025239220,Recommended,460810,31971308,Posted: 26 May,all,Jordan,"Perfect port from a 7-year-old game that reaches past 60fps with 1080p maxed on my setup.Same badass game that rustles my pants everytime i die.Lemme tell ya, Story can be a little short but finishing story isn't going to be enough to fully enjoy this game.""I Beat the game now what?""Beat the game without dying at all, maintain the perfect score.Beat the phase the fastest you can.Reach the top leaderboards.Play God Hard without any deathsYou can say this turns into a Gears/Dark Soulsy-ish once you put yourself into a limit. I almost broke my PS3 controller because how Redicule it gets because you die probably less than 20 seconds starting the level. There's alot of challenges you want to do and that's how i love this game.Sega has done me proud to bring it on PC and Thankful for Plat. Games for making a unique game on the library.GIVE ME JETSET RADIO FUTURE SEGA"
,Recommended,460810,31972660,Posted: 26 May,all,OnePixelShort,"Vanquish was a really good game that reviewed well but flew under most peoples radar back in 2010. Now that it is released on PC with improved textures and all the DLC weapons added you owe it to yourself to play this gem, This is the definitive edition of the game.Pros:Improved texturesFun and crazy actionGunplay feels solidUnlocked Framerates/ResolutionsMultiple graphic optionsCons:Like most Platinum games the story is mehI had a few glitches but nothing game breakingKinda short (Start to finish time clocked in at just over 5 hours)Should you buy this game?:I say yes. For its cheap price point, At the time of this review its £14.99, its really worth playing. Be warned though this game has been proven, Via Digital Foundry, to be a little more taxing on mid range PC's unlike Bayonetta.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUYvoKdowJE"
76561198057120569,Recommended,460810,31970771,Posted: 26 May,all,Snurp McDurp,"Short and sweet, this game is a blast from from beggining to end. It's Incredably well optimized and definitely worth a second playthrough. My only complaint is that weapon upgrades don't carry over to a new game, meaning you can't upgrade all of the weapons witch is slightly dissapointing."
,Recommended,460810,31973937,Posted: 26 May,all,Narayan,Brilliant game runs great at 1440p and a high framerate for meRecommended if you like fast paced games
76561197995117368,Recommended,460810,31973551,Posted: 26 May,all,Xector,"Vanquish was a great game on the Xbox 360. On the PC it's the definitive experience. Graphics have been given a major improvement with textures and lighting, shadow and AA enhancements. Runs in 21:9 ultrawide via command line. The PC version is crisp and sharp. Very reasonably priced."
76561198125948314,Recommended,460810,31957557,Posted: 25 May,all,asidman1,Okay it does run well on my Dell XPS 9560 on high settings at 1080p at 60fps. I just had to switch it from the Intel HD graphics to the NvIdia graphics card. I am impressed that the Intel HD graphics I was hitting about 30 to 50fps on low settings at 720p
,Recommended,460810,31971968,Posted: 26 May,all,THE PUMPKIN KING85,wow kil robots slide around a map like sonic interesting game
,Recommended,460810,31971607,Posted: 26 May,all,MaleSensitivity,"Okay.  Yes Vanquish is one of the best shooters from the PS3 era.  This is a pretty good PC port, but it is not perfect.  The cutscenes are still rendered in low resolution and the game has hitches here and there - it is not a perfect remastering.  Being able to play the game in higher resolutions is great because there is so much action happening on screen."
76561197991142303,Recommended,460810,31971526,Posted: 26 May,all,ZAWARUDO!,Glug glug ♥♥♥♥♥es!!
76561198073437172,Recommended,460810,31971275,Posted: 26 May,all,KrazyBean,"The best version, period. The game was awesome back in 2010 and it's still awesome now. The best 3rd person shooter ever made IMO.Buy it so that we can get a sequel already!"
76561198085088391,Recommended,460810,31971017,Posted: 26 May,all,Sowdi6998,"Well It's a damn good PC port and the game is the same as it was on PS3 where it was one of my all time favourites so, I can't say anymore than it's ♥♥♥♥ing Phenomenal."
76561198191134730,Recommended,460810,31971129,Posted: 26 May,all,ithacua,Its better than Gears of War.Its the best game you can buy out there.Polished graphics 60 FPS no problems.It plays great even in low spec systems.Thats what great programming is by Sega.Great fighting system with weapons for every taste.
,Recommended,460810,31971155,Posted: 26 May,all,That Greek Guy,The coolest third person shooter ever!
,Recommended,460810,31960121,Posted: 25 May,all,Voyeur Squid,-Hillary Clinton is president-Russia Microwaves San Francisco-US Declares War-Profit Profit Profit10/10 for accurate alternative historical timeline.
,Recommended,460810,31972222,Posted: 26 May,all,Brazzers,"feels good with 60p and mouse optimizing60hz actually is not enough for This one, look for a new 144hz monitor someday."
,Recommended,460810,31974830,Posted: 26 May,all,Tiger Paws,"This game is great and incredibly fun filled with fast paced action mowing down enemies with a creative assortment of guns and melee attacks. Cut scenes are really funny too with characters that ooze with cool and charm. The cutscenes are interesting to watch and the level design is amazing with lushly populated environments.This is a GOOD port of a console game. The game runs silky smooth. There are a lot of graphical options supporting up to 4k 16:9 and 144hz. There are options to turn off motion blur, 3 settings for mouse sensitivity and more. Japanese audio is included with English along with a whole bunch of subtitles. There are a heap of setting sto rebind keys with primary and alternate controls. Unfortunately some functions are combined together and there is no way to change it example reloading and picking up weapons are bound to the same key. Using something (opening a crate, operating controls) is bound to use cover.Ideally I would like to have R for reload, Ctrl for cover (effectively crouch) and E for using/picking up things. Unfortunately that is not possible. Spacebar is jump. This should also be jump over barrier as well. Other than that I cannot really fault the controls. They are workable but I ended up with a bit wierd setting (E and R for reload and pickup, Ctrl for cover and use).For an old game Vanquish is well worth the price ($19.99)."
,Recommended,460810,31975679,Posted: 26 May,all,ZaiSo,Great gunplay since ps3มันมากกกก เล่นไปแล้วตอน ps3 แต่ตอนนี้ก็จะเล่นอีก ซื้อคู่ป้าบาโยลดราคาอีก โคตรคุ้ม!!!
,Recommended,460810,31962844,Posted: 25 May,all,Robotic Rexkek,"It's been too long for it's coming to PC, but my God it's truly beautiful! I did finish the game on PS3, but it's a second rebirth on PC were it should have been since the beginning, especially enjoyable on my new 144 hz monitor! The graphics are a bit dated, but who cares when you can crank up every settings to make it as shinny as possible, even on a mid-range PC. The only HUGE letdown are the cutscenes. They are pre-rendered, 30FPS and will stutter. Considering it's PS3/Xbox 360 origin, I can let that pass, but would have been nice to have some in-game cutscenes instead."
,Recommended,460810,31964353,Posted: 25 May,all,TacoEvil,"Super fun, super fast, it is Sonic in a high tech armor.Thanks Sega, now bring Jet Set Radio Future."
,Recommended,460810,31973677,Posted: 26 May,all,Pahňázd,"Hardly revolutionary; however, what this game aimed for, it delivered. And boy, is it awesome.You will see the age of this game, there's no doubt about it. But what matters most is the gameplay itself, and that is unchagned from how great the console versions were. Hell, it's even better with 60FPS and keyboard & mouse!I loved this game on the PS3. And this remaster reminded me why."
,Recommended,460810,31983402,Posted: 26 May,all,goldo413,great game love playing it plays well on all my pc's
,Recommended,460810,31983485,Posted: 26 May,all,Jack Baker,"Vanquish is amazing and I highly recommend it, but at the moment there is a game-breaking bug that causes you to take extra damage linked the improved framerate, meaning that you die in less then a second of gunfire, even on normal. Wait until it's fixed before picking it up, a lot of the fights can be extremely frustrating since you die so quickly."
76561198066548060,Recommended,460810,31969165,Posted: 26 May,all,Satya Raju,AWESOME GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,460810,31987973,Posted: 26 May,all,Why Tho™,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Better in 4k but either way it's still awesome.
,Recommended,460810,31988085,Posted: 26 May,all,FuzzyPigeon,"Absolutely love this game, I played the original port when it was out for the PS3. Was excited when the PC port was announced and was even more ecstatic to hear that there was no frame locks. If you like over the top shooters, you will enjoy this game. The only thing I have a bother with is if this game supports ultrwide or not, cuz i have a 2560x1080 display and when i set my display to just that i get it as 16x9, either then 21x9. Does anyone else have this issue?"
76561198053719973,Recommended,460810,31974127,Posted: 26 May,all,YouSSeeF,.ذكربات رائغة.تغمل بالشكل المأمول.SEGA أحسنت يا
76561198198847683,Recommended,460810,31984653,Posted: 26 May,all,Lior,EXCELLENT GAME!!
,Recommended,460810,31989526,Posted: 26 May,all,d678,Vanquish is super fun and with the game's graphics all at max settings it adds a little bit of shine to a already great action packed game
76561197996064186,Recommended,460810,32001811,Posted: 27 May,all,TriPsyko,"Another great game from Platinum! And top class port (apart from the high framerate = more enemy damage bug).The stories threadbare (practically nonexistant) and theres no collectables to flesh it out like in Bayonetta. It's a shame really because I think it could have had some interesting lore. I got a MGS vibe from it in the beginning from the inclusion of DARPA and some of the character/enemy designs but unfortunately that's where the similarities end; a missed opportunity IMO.BUT this game clearly isnt about telling a story anyway; it's about making you feel like a walking tin man recycling plant on steroids and it does it brilliantly. It took a while to get used to the fast pace of the gameplay but once you get it it's great fun. Vaulting over cover in slo mo and popping off robot heads never gets old or sliding around at jet speed.It's relatively short (just under 10 hours for me to complete it on Normal) but it's sweet and given it's price tag you can't go wrong IMO.My only gripe is the lack of story or lore and the fact that when you complete the game your weapon levels reset (-.-). So don't expect to be able to play through the game again (or individul levels) feeling even more bad♥♥♥♥♥with a maxed out weapon or two. I was really looking forward to going through it again with my maxed out Anti Armor Pistol and decimating everything that stood in my way but I can't :(This is what happens when a bullet hell game, third person shooter and a Japanese dev have an orgy. And it's pretty good!Here's hoping they orgy again and make Vanquish 2."
,Recommended,460810,32003356,Posted: 27 May,all,Metal Tears! [O],"Very enjoyable but short. My first playthrough was 3 hours and 7 minutes. However, the core gameplay loops are pretty fun so it's quite replayable."
,Recommended,460810,32025411,Posted: 28 May,all,FlamingClaw,"I had a great time with Vanquish, though the current framerate/damage bug made a small handful of missions more frustrating than they need to be. I was playing at 144Hz because I really don't want to cap an action game at 30 and had to just put up with constantly reloading from a checkpoint whenever I was unfairly killed, but if you don't have the patience for this I'd recommend holding off in hopes of a patch."
,Recommended,460810,32025381,Posted: 28 May,all,Glitchman,"Pros:+Good PC port with several graphics options, an unlocked framerate and 144Hz support. Level of optimization is decent+Keyboard and Mouse controls are well done, however QTEs feel odd+Very ambitious shooter that mixes traditional third person shooter elements with beat em up and bullet hell elementsCons-Bit of a nitpick but lots of text are low resolution-Cutscene audio is very loud, apparently twice as loud as in-game-Playing at over 30FPS will cause enemies to hit harderOverall good game, worth the $20"
76561198139518073,Recommended,460810,32031781,Posted: 28 May,all,Ze.x,"First off the gameplay is just so fun and amazing, think Gears of wars with hyper mobility and MUCH better then most third person shooters in terms of gameplay. Just pick this game up if you like third person cover based shooters and the twist with this makes it truly unique."
76561197980109046,Recommended,460810,32031786,Posted: 28 May,all,ROM KNIGHT,The best game that nobody played
76561198022136416,Recommended,460810,32031827,Posted: 28 May,all,XenoAlbedo,"One of Platinum's best games, right up there with Bayonetta, MGR, and Nier: Automata. It's also probably one of the most fun third-person shooters out there."
76561198171146322,Recommended,460810,31971297,Posted: 26 May,all,Steve_Taro,Simple facts for this game from me1. fun2. fun3. fun
,Recommended,460810,32050324,Posted: 29 May,all,oogabooga,good port
76561198118296452,Recommended,460810,31986303,Posted: 26 May,all,vito1108,This game is amazing if you enjoy fast paced action.  Get it but be sure to also get the beta patch that fixes the damage bug.
,Recommended,460810,32049575,Posted: 29 May,all,OrangeCase,"Great game! A little short for my taste, but for how much it cost? Worth it!Definitely a game for people that like fast games and the cinematics...SPLOOSH!The first time I started to play times game I didn't expect much but as soon as the first cutscene came on I instantly changed my mind about the game.Give it a try!"
,Recommended,460810,32457233,Posted: 15 June,all,gabe.topete,"Really fun classic Sega style shooter. Nice breeak away from open word gaming. Super short, but well worth a play through."
,Recommended,460810,32584654,Posted: 19 June,all,KingFew,"Vanquish is an excellent title which subverts the usual mechanics of cover-based shooter. While the player does have the option to take cover, speed based powers often push the player towards more interesting, and frankly fun, gameplay. Moreover, bolder actions will earn the player a higher score. Therefore, to earn a higher score, the player will often have to disregard cover in its entirety.Although I could not recommend Vanquish to a fan of Uncharted or Gears of War, I could easily recommend this title to anyone interested in quick gameplay reminiscent of arcade classics."
76561198116160301,Recommended,460810,32702555,Posted: 23 June,all,Saladin,Shinji Mikami's masterpiece.
,Recommended,460810,32899742,Posted: 27 June,all,pepa,good game
76561198006358385,Recommended,460810,32866509,Posted: 27 June,all,Singer Songwriter Geraldo Rivera,"""It's Bayonetta with guns"" - IGN"
76561198113693100,Recommended,460810,32650426,Posted: 22 June,all,Mr.DartGamer,"This Port to PC to me fix the problmes I had when playing the 360 of this game the better frame rate giving a better look to the game and not making my 360 sound like it was dieing.Let's add this game was made by PlatinumGames, ever game they make it just great."
,Recommended,460810,32610326,Posted: 20 June,all,Logan,"Love this game! Played it on ps3 but never finished it, glad I gave it another shot. It's short, but it's one of those games I can see myself replaying over and over. Highly recommend it, and while you are at it better pick up Bayonetta and encourage Sega to keep these awesome ports coming!"
76561198145219090,Recommended,460810,32262005,Posted: 7 June,all,CaptainCoochie,i dont know how i missed this game when it came out on ps3. It's a fun 3rd person shooter with a cover system and a bullet time. i seen ally npc get his head and legs blown off and i love slowing down time when you got a giant robot blasting cluster missles at you.  A lot of weapons and a good variety of robots as well. Only bad thing i got to say about it is theres a little to much cinematics and intros pausing the action for me
,Recommended,460810,32603204,Posted: 20 June,all,Ragna,"Really good 3rd person shooter lie gears of war but with style like devil may cry.This game is an oasis in a world full of feelings , visual novels , and bioware.Very fast paced , cool weapons ,good AI , a cute waifu assistant , a likeable main character and terrible dialogue.Everything we need is there"
76561198043589131,Recommended,460810,32656400,Posted: 22 June,all,Strangertoyourlife,"This was my favourite Xbox 360 game and is now one of my favourite Steam games. It's fast paced, has great weapon's, has a great weapon upgrade system and has a great gameplay mechanic. Port is great, had one or two issues but did not ruin game. 10/10, I cannot see why this isn't overwelmingly positive as it is fantastic."
,Recommended,460810,32655263,Posted: 22 June,all,caradepepino,"When bayoneta came to pc, I thought, why not vanquish?. So here it is, more fast paced, 60fps, well optimized than ever"
,Recommended,460810,32640498,Posted: 22 June,all,Noctis,"I never got to play this game as a kid on the last gen consoles. Now I can on PC, and its a fun 3rd person shooter, challenging at times if you don't use the game mechanics to its fullest potential. Crazy all the time. Also a game for fun pass time if you're bored. Wish they gave a sequel though."
,Recommended,460810,32688387,Posted: 23 June,all,Liohn,"Vanquish a simple well made game: fun, franatic, and slightly challenging.Solid fast paced and well made gameplay. Great mechanics and really fun game. The story leaves a little to be desired and the characters are a gross exaggerations of overly simplified Western stereotypes."
,Recommended,460810,33345271,Posted: 7 July,all,ShadowStrike,"I used to have vanquish in my PS3 when it was released back then, But then it relesed for the PC and now i can enjoy it for 60 frames and enjoy the times i had with this game."
,Recommended,460810,31958953,Posted: 25 May,all,Revolver Lanky Kong,"Doesnotsuffer from the same launch bug that Bayonetta did on release. The game looks great, on a R9 380 4gb and a FX-6300 overclocked to 4ghz, it runs at 60 fps ultra settings but does dip to 40's and 50's when the game gets a bit hectic but that's most likely to do with with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CPU. Controls are polished, and you can fine tune the sensitivity for each looking, aiming, and zooming, which is nice. The menus do suffer from a bit of pixelation but it's a minor issue. The game itself is great fun, and I recommend this both to people who've never played Vanquish and returning players who've wanted to experience it again.Update: So apparently a bug emerged that damage becomes increased when ran at 60 frames or higher, while this isn't gamebreaking, people still deserve the right to know such, I'm much more worried about how long it might take for Sega to fix this, as it took them38 days(April 11th to May 19th) to patch Bayonetta."
,Recommended,460810,32004215,Posted: 27 May,all,LunarLazuli,I thought this was an amazing port until I found out that the damage you recieve is much higher if your framerate goes above 30. It's not unplayable but it definitely NEEDS fixing as this upsets the balance of the entire game. Thumbs down bcause this one simple issue is extremely gamebreaking despite the rest of the port being great.I'm late on changing this but the isssue has been patched and this is now the definitive version of Vanquish. Buy it! Support devs who actually care and fix their ports.
76561198142347967,Recommended,460810,32383553,Posted: 13 June,all,TheThunderZephyr,numerous game breaking bugs ....terrible supoorti was really hyped for this one but i was disapointedwait until a patch rolls out ...then i would be amazingAfter the main gamebreaking bug(mouse not working) was fixedI played a lot and it is a nice game but kinda shortbuy it on 50% discount
76561198062197146,Recommended,460810,35214145,Posted: 25 September,all,Shunnie23,"Great Port, l finished this on the xbox360, so glad it is on PC as l predominately play on the PC and l don't have any of the new generation platforms apart from the awesome nintendo switch. This game is classic SEGA, takes the mickey out of Metal Gear Solid. Lots of 'in-jokes' if you play lots of aracade games and it does break the forth wall in that it does not take itself to seriously. Graphics are great on my 3 year old Alienware Laptop and works great with the Xbox One controller. Classic Aracade action! Missions are fairly short. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,460810,35274126,Posted: 28 September,all,Leon40012,"So glad to see this game finally hit PC. Great port, great game. I will warn anyone planning to take on this games hard mode, prepare to die! A lot. Check out our hard mode playthrough below:https://youtu.be/frUY9OD2doc"
76561198143843087,Recommended,460810,35281355,Posted: 28 September,all,Courier_SIX,"Pretty good game! Introduces a different mechanic from other third-person shooters. You have to play this game for the experience though, not the story or characters. Seriously, some of the lines are just... cringey. Aside from that, it's a pretty solid port on PC!"
